38
ÁWENB1X 1*0 TttE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Conci.«—«1 st Sets*
Election of Speaker—Mr. Saftonstall.
Dec. 1839.
H. of Reps.
iaia the favorite power of him who was recently
bis favorite Chef Magvtrate. No; forms and
«sages a e not tobe ds:egarded, snee ed at, as
mere t'Cinlcalities. Thfy ara sub tantial things.
And, in con'e¡id:ng ihit the usages of this Heu*e,
in the procer of its organization, ought to be ob-
served—that we are bo and tj respect that evidence
of member hip wheh. has never bjen questioned,
we are contending for rights, th* dear^t and most
nacre I righ's ol the sovereign Sia'es of this Uoian,
bo h now and for all time t > c me.
The gem le nan Irom South Carolina fMr. Pick-
xns] says that, as the Ccnstitut on provides th^t
each House sha 1 be the jud¿e of the reiurus of its
own members, we may now look at «he paper* on
the Clerk's table, and, without any further hearing
or exara'.nati n, decide who are entitled to the re-
turns, and admit them at once. His posi ion is,
nat those who received a majority of votes we e
entitled to be retailed to this Housev and that we
may set a*ide the returns made, and admit them.
Now, on that principle, if we are to disregard re-
turns made in retains made in pursuance of the
Uwe-.of the States, I ask why he does not offer a
resolution thai the five claimants who, h; is satis-
fied, received a majority of ihe v  tes, are entitled
to veats in this House? What is the difficult} ? The
difficulty is heir: we carina, in our unorganized
state, set es'de tegular, formal returns We can-
rot make valid returns. There is no moda pointei
out by law for doing ¡U Difficul ies have met us
at every step since we departed from the good old
«ray.   We cannot go on. , It is impracticable.
Bat there is a greater difficulty.. We have no
legal right to reject persons holding such returns.
We ought not to look beyond commissions which
conform to the laws of the State; but as an opinion
has bees given that they were,erroneously issued,
without the slightest disrespect I -would ask that
gentleman whether he has examined the laws of
New Jersey on this subject? . And I, ask whether
he listened attentively to the evidence, as it is
called, which was read, net w evidence, but as part
of a speech? Jblad he done so—bad he examined
the laws of New Jersey and those paper?, I am
very sure he would have adhered to bis .first
opinion., As a State Bights politician, be would
have stood by the laws of the Slate. As a lawyer,
he would have come to the conclusion that the Go-
vernor pf New Jersey, who has been st'gmaliied
here as a ronopt ty;aat who h, s been carrying on
a war against the pe« pie for otiserable parly pu -
poses, has done his duty, has done precisely what
he ought to have done—neither more nor lets. He
has obeyed the will of the people as embodied in
their laws. He and his Council nave made (he re-
turn they were botad, by law to make. They had
no option. They could not have done otherwise
without a flagrant violation of duty. This may be
called strong language; but I trast it will yet be the
language of this House, The ground i take is,
that the Executive authorities of the State of New
Jersey were bound to examine the returns ("lists")
legally made to them, and to give credentials to
those who appeared. 4y them to be legally chesjn..
They could not go beyond them. They could not
resort to evidence not provided for by law. 0.ie
would, think, there coulá be no doubt upon this
subject. .1 might appeal to the expeiience of mem-
bers, fori suppose the practice is the same in every
State in the Union. Let me refer to my friend and
colleague, [Mr. Lincoin,] who honored the guber-
natorial chair of our own State for nine successive
year?. A#k that honorable member whether he
and his Council did not alwas proceed in the same
«Banner the Governor and Council of New Jersey
have done?—whether in deciding who were en-
titled to returns to this House they ever looked
beyond the returns made according to the laws
of the State) Whoever heard ot such a thing?
What a doer would it .open to fraud? And
>et we have been called upon to revise and
rereise the course taken by the Eiecutive of New
Jersey! What,  ir, has it come to thib? Is this
Government so consolidated—I ask the gentleman
fines Sooth Carolina—has it become so consoli-
dated that this House, now, before its organization,
can pte^MP the law* of New Jersey, and throw
J'
aside her official returns, sealed with her teal,
to
which full faith and credit are o be given bv th
very terms of the Constitution, and inquire and de-
cide to whom & namissions ought to have been
given? There is not, I will venture to say, a State
in the Union where the pract ce has been different
fronnthatin New Jersey since the f .undation of
the Government. How is it, fir, I ask again, in
old Masjachuseit-? There the law requires that
the vots shall be scit d, counted, &c. and that a
return ths-H be signed by the selectmen, and seabd
up, in open town meeting. There never yet was a
time in that S'ate, sir—(we know not hiw soon it
may come if this new doctrine is to prevail)—but
the e never yet was a time when returns not con-
forming to the requisitions of thi law would ba
counted. Suppose a case should happen in wh ch
nor.turn is male, (and there have been many
such,) what, I ask, would be thought of the Go-
vernor, sheuld he put off exprcs es to prccure affi-
davit*, t* parte or otherwise, to prove lhat a town
meeting was holden, and hew many votes were
given to each candidate, and shoul I add them to
the regular returns? Would it be tolerated? Would
it be attempted? I trust not—1 trust not, sir, in our
State. If such things are to be done—and it has
been contended that they ought to he done—what, I
a*k, are our State laws worn? What is to become
of the liberties of th s young, this glorious Repub-
lic? How long wil they stand, in times of high
partv excitement? If an Executive can pa;s over
the law of his own StatP, and, instead of examining
only the returns duly male, can determine in ^uch
manner as he may think expedient the result of
elections of which no retu'ns have been made, on
what can we rest as settled or secure?
The law of New Jersey points out every step
the Governor is to take, and if he takes any other,
it is illegal, and invalil. I did not intend to take
up your lime in reading it but it may be well to do
it. Let me "stir up your minds by way of remem-
brance on this subject.                  *
The 4th section prescribes the manner in which
the votes in the townships shall be certified, sealed
up, and transmitted to the clerk of the county,
"who shall attend at the couit-houte of the
coun'.y on the Saturday next after the day of elec-
tion, for the purpose of receiving the same; which
lút shall be «elivt red to him before five o'clock in
the afternoon of said day; which said clerk shall
tkm proceed, in a public manner, to make one
general fist of all the candidBt?s voted for as aforr-
saij, together with ihe number or the votes re-
ceived lor each of them, an I shall transmit the
same, at the expense of the State, to the Governor,
or person administering the Government, wiiAin
teun rfajs thereafter."
Sec. 5. " The Governor thall, within five days
after receiving the said list, lay the same tefore a
Privy Council, to be by him summoned for that
purpose, and after casting up the whole number of
votes from the several counties for each candidate,
the said Governor "and Privy Council shall itler-
mtne the six persons who have the greatest number
of votes from the whole State for'.Representatives
in Congress of the United Slates from this Stale;
which six persons the Governor, or person admi-
nistering the Government, shall forthwith commis-
sion, under the great seal of the State, to represent
this State in the House of Representatives of the
Congress of the United Slates."
Now, with this law in bia hand, how can any
man for one instant hold it to have been the duty
of the Governor to send off and bunt up the votes
of Willville and Sooth Amboy? He did precisely
his official duty. He gave the same construction
to the law his predecessors had given, and among
them one of the claimants, [Mr. Dickibson.] How
can any other contraction be given to it? In
quiet times it "would not have occurred to any
man—much less would it have been maintained on
this floor.
This, then, i«, after all, the ordinary case of a
contested election. It is not to be distinguished.
Certain persons come here with regular creden-
tials; let them be received, and let. the care he here-
after carefully examined on the applications of the
claimants. But let not the commissioned member
petition. No; ¡jf we drive them from their seats—
if we expfcl them fro© this hall—J trust they never
will come again at d knock at our door, and ask
oar leave to go before our committee with their
commi>sions in their hands to satisfy them that
they are entitled to seats here. Let New Jersey
rather remain unrepresented ia this House.
In ihat law the Governor's duty is prescribed.
He has no di?crelionary power. I carefully lis-
tened to the protest offered to the Council of New
Jersey on the part of the claimants, and in my
judgment the reply by the committee of the Coun-
cil, upon this quesli m, was complete, conclusive.
B'it the gentleman from South Carolina says that
the Governor mis'ook his duty—that he ought to
have looked beyond the lists; and it has b;en said
ihat the regulations provided by law are cobwebs—
mere cobwebs! And this, although the law of New
Jersey (Congress not having legislated on the sub-
j;C) has all the force, and is entitled to the same
respect here, as if a statute had been enacted by
Congress containing the same provisions. Legal
provisions are mere cobwebs! I believe they are
with some, when they stand in ths way of favorite
purposes.
But the gentleman denKs that the Governor and
Council had a right to reject votes because they
were iHegal, and aiguid as though they had done
this "Who that hós attended to this subject ever
contended for such a power, or has suggested that
any votes returned in the lists were rejected? There
is no pietence for i'; it is a misiake of the fact.
And jet it has been as erted here and elsewhere,
and not always from ignorance, or without design;
and I fear that false impressions have been spread
aoroad upon this subject. The Governor of New
Jersey never did any such thing. He never insti-
tuted any inquiiy as to the legality of any votes re-
turned. All he did was to receive the returns le-
gally made; to compare them with the laws which
he was bound to administer, and "determine ihe
six persons who had the greatest number of votes."
This he did, and it was determined, in the language
of the law, that Ihe six gentlemen who hold com-
missions under the great seal of the State were duly
elected to represent that State in this House of Re-
presentatives. Why, then, are they not entitled to
take and to hold seats until they shall be vacated,
if at all, according to the usual course of proceed-
iag under the established rules of this House?
Who ever heard of an instance in any State Le-
gislature in which one regularly returned has been
excluded, or his right questioned, until after ihe
organization of the House? I appeal to the expe-
rience of members, most of whom have, no doubt,
holden seats in their legislative assemblies. No; it
has been the law of all representative bodies from
time immemorial. It had its origin in the neces-
sity of some such regulation, and has been con-
tinued because its convenience has received the test
of experience.
The Constitution authorizes this House to judge
of the returns of its members, and it has been con-
tended ihat this authorizes the House now to consi-
der and determine who are entitled to returns. We
may adjudicate by way of appeal from the dec:sion
of the Executive of New Jersey, and reverse it and
admit at once those who are not returned. Is not
this going behind the returns? WiU it not be ex-
amining iato the elections, and deciding now who
were du'y elected? The true construction of this
clause appears to me to be simple and obvious.
This House may judge of tftereiurn —that is, they
may examine them, and see whether they are for-
mal and according to the laws of the States. We
canaot go a step further, without going into the
elections. If we go beyond the commissions and
inquire who were entitled to them, we must go back
to the polls, and inquire who were duly elected.
This will lead to ihe whole subject of illegal votes,
and upon the whole case of ihe contested elections.
Is this House prepared to delay is organ'zation
until this can be done? The intention, if it was
ever entertained, is abandoned.
Mr. Chairman, I have, I perceive, occoped
much more time than I expected, though much
less than I might have done at an earlier stage of
the debate. Other views of this important subject
• occur to me; but I will not proceed. If gentlemea
are exhausted, lam hot less so. I again repeat,
my object ha  not be?  merely to cotjsnj&e lúae^
