Dec 1839.   ___________
86th Cono.......IstSess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
Election of Printer—Mr. Byn tm.
H. of liep=.
that the question might be brought up to-morrow
under more favorable circums anees.   The subject
is one of the utmost importance, an J I  was desi-
rous of expressing my views and feelings.   I have
arrived, sir, at a peaod of life vr íen my interest in
questions  involving   constitutional   rights  arises
much more from consideration for my   children,
those who are to come af\er me, and for the iutore
destinies of my country,than for myse'f * r ¡he present
time.   I was born before the adoption of t'iis Con-
stitution; and when I hear gt-n'lemen speak as tiVy
have in this debate of long settled usage*, and a
tiain of precedáis extending back to the begmnirg
of this Government—nay, to the beginning oí any
deliberative body—when I hear them talk of bre a\-
iof the fetters of mere technicalities, and the ft rms
provided by law to secure the purity and freedom
of oor elections, I confess to yon, sir, I tiemble for
the future!  I consider it as the first step m a ccur e
which may lead to our ruin.   We do, indted, live
in an age of experiment.   With some politician?,
experiment, nothing but experiment, deserves atten-
tion.   The h story of the past is nothing.   A.l the
experience of all natioos, for a'l ase*, i-, nc tains—
it weighs not a feather.   No.    We ate to begin
anew, and to new model and rebuild the s ri cure
of society, from its very foundation.   S r, it will be
«fearful expenmen'; and nothing but the blowing
of that good Piovidence which h'S thus far so often
and so wonderfully interposed for our presei vati in,
can rescue us from that fate which we seem ready,
for the purposes of a day, with rash aid guilty
bands, to pluck down upon the beads of ourselves
and our children.   Oh!  let us adhere to constitu-
tional usages—let us preserve inviolate onr glorious
Constitution.   I trust in God that bet1 er days are in
reserve for us and our chi'dren, when the e poor
conests for the triumphs of party shall have pa^ed
away—triumphs always transitory—triumphs in
which the victor is as much a loser as the van-
quished—triumphs purchased at too dear a pr c,
when, to secure them, the Constitutioa must be sa-
crificed.
REMARKS OF MR. BYNUM,
Of North Carolijw,
In the House of Representatives, December 24,1839-^-
On the resolution of Mr. Dawsoníoí Georgyfto
suspend the order of the House tugo into ap elec-
tion of ¿Printer to the House of JKepresearfatives
for the Twenty-sixth Congress, /          /
Mr. BYNUM said, if the Hon* wotdrj go into
an election of Printer at this timé, he/would for-
bear making any remark'.     If boyhe would go
on and say what he was about to jay.   [Cries of
"Go on."]   Sir, said Mr. B. if the American peo-
ple could have been assembled in this hall, and
could have witnessed the proceedings of this House
for the last three weeks, they, with the change of a
■ingle name, would have exclaimed, in the lan-
guage of the   Roman orator, ' Quousquc tandem
abulere,  CatUina, patitntia   nostra?   quamdiu eiiam
fmror iste tuu  nos eludet?" &c.    He said it had b( en
twenty years since he read th.s, and he might have
•rrej in the quotation, but it was applicable to the
occasion.   This was the language of Cicero, when
speaking of the Catalinean conspiracy. 1Y the Ame-
rican people had been presentía our galleries since
the commencement of our session, they might vary
this quotation, and say, how long, O ! Whig men,
will you continue to abuse our patience?   How
long shall yonr madness outbrave our justice, and
continue to insult our understandings, and procras-
tinate this idle debate, at an expense of hundredsof
thousands of dollars t© the Government; at the sa-
crifice of every interest that is near and dear to us
m American freemen.   Why, sir, Í would be will-
ing to stake all I have in this world, ay, sir, I
would be willing to stake my salvation, that there
has been more money spent by the party which
professes to desire a retrenchment in the expenses
or the public priming, in idle, unnecessary debate,
and in motions after motions to delay, procrasti-
nate, and embarrass the business of this House
this session, than the whole profits of the priming
of Congress will be in the next five je¿rs.   These
debates have already cost tbe people of this coun-
try more than #100,000, if not A500.000.   We are
jwe in the fourth week of the session of the Twen-
ty-sixth Congress, and there has not yet been the
firat step taken towards proceeding to the dis-
charge of the high duties for which we assembled.
The House has as yet been but partially or-
ganized. We have not yet elected a Printer,
and the standing committees have not jet
been appointed; and, sir, whose fault is it
that tliL has not been done? What party
in thi< House has prevented th« action and
organizition of the bod)? What is it that
has beei struggling, day arter day, to stave off
the action of tins House upon the matters w'-ich
the majority desin-d to decide? And who is it that
has mt odnced propositions time and again, which
the House had prev¡ou>ly decided, and called upon
the House again to decide these questions? These
questions will all bs examined into by the people,
and the/ will be able to point to the pany which
has (ccasioned all this delay and enibairassment to
the busnessof the nation. Do gentlemen sup-
| pose that the pe< pie are to be duped and
I misled? Do they suppose that the freemen
of this counfy are too ignorant to discover
I who it is that his piled moti n upon motion
in this House, m order and out of order, and
consumed week after week in useless debate, when
the business of the country was le't untouched, and
the public service suffer,n¿¡ Do gentlemen sup-
pose that by their superior talents they can dupe
and impose upon the peop'e of this ccumry by
their cry of retrenchment, while they arj thus
squandering the public money in worse than use-
less debate, and leaving the public business un-
touched? Does the gentleman from Ohio, the gen-
tleman from the Chi icothe district, I mean Mr.
Bond, suppose that the people of this country are
so easily imposed upon? Sir, even the people of
that unfortunate distucl cannot be imposed upon
by that gentleman longer, for the Administrad m is
last gaining ground even there; and if the people
of that district cannot be longer imposed upon,
how can the gentleman expect tt> deceive the peo-
ple at large? No gentleman of understanding can
take a serious view of this whole transaction, and
«osipare it with what has heretorore taken
< phicj, without pronoancing it ona of the
most farcical and ludicrous exhibuions ever
attempted to be p!aytd off on the Ame-
r.can peop'e. I am not here permi ted to
speak of the motives of genilcinen, because ii is n t
in orJer; but if it was, I might say that we would
hear none of this cry of retiencbment, if the elec-
t'on of this officr was to benefit a certain pn ss,
owned by a monster Bank, which is owned, in a
great decree, by foreign capialists, and which his
always been hostile to the interests and rights of the
people of this country. The cour e of honorable
gentlemen might be very different on this occasion,
if we are to judge from what has transpired on a
previous occasion of a similar nature. It has been
again and again decided by the American people,
that this British Bink was of the most deadly hos-
tility to the rights and the Jihertie; of the people of
this country; and the people haie elected a majori-
ty of Representatives to tins House at every session
for many } ears, who wer<i oppo ed to this Bank;
yet, for the last two ytars, that Bank has had the
benefit of the public printing of this House, through
its agents, Messrs. Gales and Seaton. In fac',
strange as it may appear, the Bank of the United
States was the Printer of this House for the last two
years; and no man could deny this assertion, so far
as itsennluments are concerned.
Sir, the people have been humbugged too much
on this subject—to borrow a favorite expression
I rom the Opposition—and it is time that they knew
the whole truih in relation to this matter. When
the election of a public Printer was about to take
place two years ago, the Unite i Sta'es Bank was
not strong enough to obtain the work without other
aid, and a combination was entered into here tos-
cure to it the benefit of this election. In the first
place, a resolution was subm tied by a gentleman,
whose name 1 will not mention, as my relations
with that gentleman are of a delicate character,
showing the c unbination on its face. The resolu-
tion was as folL ws:
* Offerdd by Mr. Wise of Virginia.   Sea the
journals of the Extra, session of 183?.
"Resolved, That the Clerk of the He u=e be, and he
i-. hereby, author zed to emp'oy the editors- of the
Inte.ligencer, and the editor ot th.3 Mai po-
nían, equally, to execu e ihe prin'ing of the Hi use
upon the joint resolution cf 1819, unal ihe first
Monday in December next."*
This was a direct proposition, but it cculd nrt be
carried, leciuse some gen'lemen were afraid ihey
might be called to account by their consa uenfs
for voting for such a proposition; yet p-eci-ely the
same proposition was carried by a sicret agreement
between these parties, as every body ihought at the
time. The Whips and Conservative^, a' that time,
in consequence of this agreement, unneJ upon one
Thomas Alien, and he was eltc'ed, rnm.nr.li},
public Pr.nter for that Congrtss. I Mate I to this
Hou'e Ihe.i, that it would reqnre an outlay of
some thirty or forty thonsind dollar* to prepare a
printing e^Ublc-hment to do the p. it ng or this
House; and I stated further, that Mr. A! en, being
ayoungmin just commencing bu-iues', vas una-
ble to purchase an establishment to do this pr n'-
ing, and it was a ridicul «us pn position to el< ct
him piincipal Printer for ihe Hous^. He, how-
ever, was elett-d, and the people were deceiver1.
The people unde stood that a ten .in Tnomas
Allen was elected, and w.is to do ti.e prin'ing of
Congie s. Well, did he do u? No, sir- he never
did the fi st page of printing for th s H io-e, \,i-
tuaily. It was all dine by M>s rs. oal;* ard
Seaton, wuh an establisVnei t notnnous'y ixlo g-
m% to the Uni'el Siates Bttik. These gntlem n
could not be elected, btciu<e ce.tin g ntlnnsu
could not vote for them and represent the wisles
of their constituents; jet by an agreement, or, as
the old story is, by whippn g thp devd ar uid the
stump, they enjoyed the benefit of the printing of the
list C nzre>-s; whde the reiple were induced to
believe that Mr. All^n alone enj'iyrd ihe bent fir* and
profits arising from the punting of that Cun:r'ss.
Vis, sir, the whole history ef that trimacnn is
without a para lei in ihe pr* ceedmes of any legis-
lative tody in this naiion, if not in the uor'd. A
barjam, proposed, consummate 1, and executed
heie ii ihts body, to eflect tbe grossest imp s ton on
the American peop'e that ha i ever been attem >'ed
fxfoie to be perpetra ei in this country; by which
means the Bank of the United States was made
virtually the Pi inter to the American Congress,
with all its foreign affinites and hostilities to the
free ins itution  of cuí country; and t is, too, di ne
by a pany who have tie boldness, I h. d like t 
have said effr nter/, to staud up heie now, and
sp* ak of corruption.
Aie gentlemen so deluded as to think for a mo-
ment tnat thtse things are mcmpríhenob e to
ths peop e, or that the g eat ma s of the peo-
ple have not mind enougi   to retain a just re-
00 lection of the history of these transitions? And
is it to act over this disrepuab'e transaction t j
e'ect the Bank of the United Stites prin'er of this
Congress, that this mo^t extraordinary course Ins
been res >rted to by the Opposition to embarr. s<
and delay ¡lis indi pensab'ebus nessof ti'scoun'ry.
I shall now read a few extracts from he jour-
nalsof the proceedings of ihe House in le'aion to
that e'ection, for the benefit ot ih=- gentleman from
Ohio, and some other g^ntlem n on this fl or.    If
1  un 'erstanl the m 'tun no v rerore the Hcuse
comctly, it is a motion of Ihe honorable gintleman
from Georg a [Mr. Dawson] to suspend the elec-
tion of a pubho Printer at ihs present time, for the
purpose of instituting an inquiry in relation to the
prices of printing; and I intend to show what that
gentleman's course was at the last session, when a
similar motion was made. On the second day of
the extra session of Congress, two years ago, "Mr.
Patton of Virginia moved a resolution that the
House proceed to the election of a public Primer
for the Twen y fix h Congress, which was agi e&l
tn. The House then proceeded to ballot, and after
five or six ballots were taken, it was found that
there was no election. The House then adjonrneit
to the next day, (Wednesday,) when Mr. Bbon-
son, a gentleman wh««e Democracy had never
been doubted in this House, moved the following
resolution:                                      , .   ,.     M„
' That the further balloting under thei reso-
lution of the preceding day should be ^pended
until the third Monday in December, and that the.
