4*
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cono—* 1st Sr.99
Nttr Jersey Question—Mr. Barnard.
Dec. 1839.
H. of Reps.
aider on this demind of ihe members from New
Jeney to be sworn is ¡he f: ct, whether, like in,
they are rere upon their regular a sd legal leturns;
and, on th"s point, no q test on ha* been and none
can be made.
Second. That t''ic q-iest'on of ultimate tight be-
tween the return menbeisani the claim\nts, or
petitioners, who may contest the right, is one testing
wholly on proofs out of and beyond the returns; and
that, wi hout those proofs—the whole of ih°m — the
House, eve 1 when tully composed and orean z*d,
cannot rtcht ully or legally judge and determine
either the whole ca*e or any patt of it.
For myself, Mr. Speaker, I am sitisfied that
much of the eiror which seems to prevail in va-
rious quait^rs on the matter before us, arises from
the failure to mark ihe distinction which exists, and
which is preserve! in ihe Constitution, between the
"return " of members and ih-ir "elections."
"Each House ,"says the Constituion, "shall be the
judge of the elections, returns, and qualifications of
its own members." What are returns, as the term
is here employed! The word is one of legal and
parliamentary import, bearing a distinct m-aning,
which it acquired, as I suppose, from its u*e in the
parliaavnary practice and proceedings of Eng-
land, la that country, according to my u der-
standing of the mater, when elections to Parliament
are to be held, writs are issued out o( the principal
court of the kingdom, directed to the sheriffs of
couuiies, each of whom, in person, or by bis bail ft",
under authority oí the King's precept, holds and
conducts the election as the pre-itirg officer and
judge, rscertaius the result, which he certifies in
due form of law, and wh ch, together with the writ,
is retwrned, anl becomes matter of record in the
court from which the p'cept issued. The officer
holding the eleciion is the returning i'ffic r; his offi-
cial certificate of the result, as he his ascertained
j', is the return; and the pen-on thus declared to
have been elected is the member returned to Par-
liament. One* returned as elected, the petson
chr sea is in offise, and entitled to all the piivileges
and immunities of the office. "Every man must,"
siys the Lex Parlimnentaria, "at his peril, take no-
tice who are members cf either House, returned of
record." Upon the meeting of the Commons, the
riturn member takes his place in that body, net by
the leave rf his fellow members, but as a matter of
right, by virtue of his electi >n and return. No man,
and no number of men, m t the whole power of the
kingdom,can rightfully prevent him.
Stric'ly analogous to all this, with  s^me neces-
sary changes in the forms of proceeding, ar-- the
legal provisions in this country for holding the elec-
tions for Representatives in Congress, and ascer-
taining and certifying the result.   Each State, by
ihe express direction of the Constitution, until Con-
gress shall aee fit to perform this duty itself, pre-
scribes the  times,  places, and manner of holding
its elections.    The elections are held by or before
certain officers designated and appointtd for that
purpose.   The duty of 'holding" elections natu-
rally involves the duty of administering, for the
occasion, the law  by   which the qjahfications of
the electors are determined and ascertained; and it
also involves the duty, in seme proper mode, of
ascertaining and certifying the resal*.    And such
is believed to be the general scope of th? legal pro-
visions on the subject in every State of this Union.
Such, at any rate, are the legal provisions on the
subject in the State of New Jersey.   The elections
are hell according to law; the votes of the electors
are received in  the  several towns and precinct*;
the coont is made in each case, and properly veri-
fied before some legally constituted returning of-
ficer or board, whose duty it is to ascertain and
declare the general and final result.   This result,
thus ascertained and declared, becomes the "re-
turn" of the member elected, according to the Con-
stitution; it is the instrument, be it in  the form of
a certificate or a commission, by which (he fact
of bis election is verified according to law, and it is
the record or paper evidence of his title to office.
Armed with this "return," he is iti office from the
moment when his constitutional term commences,
against all the world; and so to remain until the
decision of the returning officer or officers shall
be reversed by tbe only tribunal competent to re-
1
vi?w it—the orginized Hou e of which he is a
menhir. Arme.l with this "retara," he may
c'aim, pe emptor ly, all Ihe personal privi'eges
and immunities belonging to his oifier; and, when
the proper time comes, he may walk bo'dly into
this had, asking no man's leave, and here, the
t-qml of equal--, demand, in the narne of the Con-
stitution and the law, that all his rights, both per-
smaland representative, shall be acknowledged
and respetad. For himself, the "return" is the
legal paper evid nce of the franchise which he
pos«s es of his ofrie , and the property he has in it;
while to the House, of which he is a memher, it is
the mandatory precept of th° law, which the
Hous* is bound to obey, in the first instance, wi h-
out qu^sti mi'-g, by a lull recogni'ion of all his
right* and p ivi;eg< s.
But the Con-t tjtion, in a very proper manner,
make- this H us ■ the judge of the "returns" as well
as of the "e c-t:cn." of its member--. Yet it will
not, I trust, be impertinent to the busine-s in hand
to rem irk that, so Car in the hisory of parliamenta-
ry proceedings, whelh ri'i England or in this coun-
try, experence goes to show that it must be rare
iadeed that any qneMion shou'd arise, at least that
any serious embarra>sment shou d ari-e upon ques-
tions in regard t > these returns, as such. I have
not looked for precedents on this point, because I
did not expect to rind them; but ether gentlemen
Inve look,d for them, and have presented prece-
dents, wi h some pomp aid circumstance, as if
they were cases rca'ly to the purpose, and proved
something. Sir, they prove nothing, except, in-
deed,when under tood, they are, every one of them,
authorial direcly against every po*it:.oa which
they were cited to sustain.
A. titile reflection will enable us te s e a' a glarc*
f!v t when me nbm appear and claim to etiter on
t'.e'r offi. ii! dj'i s by v rme of their re urns, their
fellow-members can seldom, peihips never, be s>
riously eanbar a«cd with doubt* or d faculties—
and this, whether before or af*er the eleciion of
Speaker and the due organization of the House.
There is not much danjer in the first place, that
they will be troub'eJ w.th questirns of personal
identity, or withque-tions in rejard to the genuine-
n°fs of ihe return. It is pofsi-de, certainly, in the
progte s of corruption and politics, that such impu-
dent frauds may be attempted as the chiming of a
seat temporarily on "his floor, by me.ins of a fo'ged
re'ti'ii, ora rcr""iiifi ti--n of the true membei;
bat cas'sof this sort, it must be con'esse d, are not
very likely to occur. The rrga'a ity of :he return;
i's doe conrormity to the requisition of the law,
which, aferall, is simply a question of fac'—a
question of return or no return—isa point on which
doubts imy ari-e; but this point—'Ids qufsion of
fact—has never yet, so far as I know or have
heard, occa>ijriel—no, not in one solitary instance
—any serious difference of opnion in any body of
representatives whatever.
In the casa of Moore and Letcher, so often re-
ferred to in the'eru-se of this debat', boh parties
c'a:med, bul miliar piity had the regular and c >m-
plete returns, as prescribid by the lays of Ken-
tucky; n.>r can I d scover that either psrty, or any
friend of either party, personal or political, in the
Honf e or oat of it, preleir"ed any f-uch thing. Nei-
ther gentleman was a ret'irn member of Cou-
gress, and ne tVr, therefore, was in office of right,
and by virtue of a return. The whole embarrass-
ment in ihe case, and the whole debate—I mean as
the case was fVst presented—grew out of an at-
tempt to make the House prematurely entertain a
qoestion on the "e'esi n," when the only ques-
tion was the mer« matter of fact, whether there
was, or was not, in the case, a lfgal and valid re-
turn. Tike th3 long list of cises, too, so elabo-
rately quote 1 yesterday by an honorable and learn-
ed member from Virginia, [Mr. Dromgoole ]
qti ted. in leed, for another purpose, mainly, to
which I sha'l take tha liberty to ad/ert ve y soon.
In none of these cases was a question mads upon
the return of any member, or oa the right of any
member, having a valid return, to take his seat
upon it, notwihstanding a contest raised in the
mean lime in regard to the election. Mr. Lan-
man's case, occurring in the Senate, and so strong-
ly insisted on by the gentleman from Virginia,
sented nothing else, as I belkve, than the sole
question whether the Governor of Connecticut, un-
der the circumstances, had the eonstitutional au-
thority to appoint a Senator to Congress.
Sir, it is a little remarkable that the very flr*t
case, so far as I know or believe, whether here or
in Great Britain, where a question strictly upon a
return, as such, ever came actually to a vote, has
occurred in this body, and since we came together
to form the House of Representatives of the Twen-
ty-sixth Congres*; a case which shows that, though
as yet bold, open, and gross attempts at high-hand-
ed frauds in popular and representative rights are
not likely to be s-ueces".ftil, siill ihe time has aliea-
dy come when such attempts are and may be ex-
pected to be made. We had associated with us on
this floor a member from Pennsylvania [Mr. Nat-
lo1 ] who, like ourselves, was here upon a re-
gular and legal return. And, at ihe same
time, there appeared heie an individual [Mr.
Inoersoi.i.] who professed to challenge ihe tiaht
of Mr. Naylor to his seal. This individual had
been b aten ii the caivrss before the people by a
majoiity of i-ix or seven hundred votes; but, at
some twelve mo.,tis, I th'nk, aft t the election, and
after his compet tir hid rec ived from the proper
a«thori y the official documentary evidence of h¡s
hu'oig leen chosen, this person, as it ?eems, suc-
ceeded in obtaining from a pliant Governor, not ii
oífice at the period of the election, and having no
power by lav in the case, but who was induced,
ignorantly I hope, to pto-titute his hi?h s ation to
this unhallowed use—he oMlined a foimal recog-
nition or return, as if he hai been actually elected
a Rep'-esen'ative in Cong es-. With this docu-
ment from 'h- Governor in Irs han 1, this indivi-
dual dared tocóme here, to offer himfe'f to ourno-
tice as an elected Representative of tha peop'e
from the St.te of Pennsylvania; to vio'ats the sa-
credi:e<s of th's legislative ha1! w th his presence
on th s floor, and insult and degrade, as far as in
him lay, the disn ty of the representative character
by minglin? w.th this body, by attempting to take
the floor in debate, and by actually voting upon a
division of the House! Sir, I know not how it
miy strike other*, but, to my mind, this was the
highest and most indecent outrage ever ofFere.1 by
any one person to the Government and institutions
of the country. And it is not the last odious or
alarming feature in the cafe, that his monstrous
pretensions were tele a'ed, and e/en counenanc d,
for several days toge her, by members of this body.
But th-; question upon his pretensions was finally
brought tj a vote, when not one was four.d—no,
s r, not one—even of these who had given him the
ri<ht hand of faith and fellowship—not one was
foand to in'erpose a nfgitive to ihe comm n and
united voice with which he was pronounced a
usurp rand ititiu'er, without even the shadow or
the color of ri¿ht to justify or excuse h m. Sir, it
wa?, in my opinion, a great error, and a p'ecedent
of pernicious example, that a vote should h%ve
bsen taken at all i 1 the case. It was a case of un-
warrantable intrusion and distuibancs, and was lit
only to be hindled by a Sergeant at-A:ms. 7h?
intrusion of persons on th s floor from the Sate of
New Jersey, mt having regular le'urns, was as
little to be justified by pre. edent or principle as
that of Mr. Ingersoll; though this is to be said of
their ca.e, that it was one in which it was possible
for men of hone t and fair, but aident minIs, ta
fall into unintentional error.
Mr. Speaker, I have referred to these carcs, a"d
others occur.ir.g in parliamentary history, in onler
to show that, if we c >u'd bring our minds to be-
lieve that an unfermed and unsworn House of Re-
pre.'entuive* was, or could be, clothed wiih any
portion whatever of judicial power, fuch as is in-
d.cated by the Constitu'ion when it declires that
the House shall b; the judge of ihe "returns" of its
members, yet that, in p. int of fact, no case has
ar sen, nnd none is likely to arise, of any the least
difficulty, c.illmg for the exercise of any such
poner by sjth an unformed House. My own im-
pression cirtainly is, and his been from the be-
ginning, that the whole of this power of judgment
committed to the Houss of Reprefentaiives over
the returns of members, as well a;: over their elec-
tions and qualifications, belongs exclusively, by
