r
pec J 839.__________
26th Cono......1st Sbss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
New Jersey Question—Mr. Barnard.
H. of Reps.
the very nature and necess'ty of thirgs, to the
House «hen lnlly formed, organized, and1 sworn.
When a new Congress meets, and a new House of
Representitives is to be formed, the doty of mem-
bers, meeting for that purpose, towards each other
is plain and simple. They meet as equals; every
one of them is in office by virtue of a regular re-
turn, if he have such return, and all are bound to
respect the personal privilege and representa'ive
character of all. «Every man," says the estab'i-h-
ed law of Parliament, "must, at his peril, take no-
tice who are members returned of record;" and this
obligation is no less stong upon members them-
selves ia regard to each other than opon the world
beside. The retira is a title, a title to of-
fice, a title ti a franchise, to & property in
actual possession, and is good against all
the world till the right is disproved, and
the possessor, upon proof, and by a regular trial
and judgment, is ousted. An as embly of men,
standmg in such a relation to each other, and meet-
ing to form themselves into a House of Represen-
tatives, can never, I feel sure, find any the least
difficulty, if only they meet disposed, one and all, to
ob yand follow the simple injunctions of the Con-
stitution and the law.
And, Mr. Speaker, is this body now, in its pre-
sents ate, and before all, each and every one, ap-
pearing simultaneously wih the rest, and beating
the legal authority and evidence of membership,
shall be admitted to the oath—is this boiy now in
any better condition to en'er into a. judicial investi-
gation tuuehing the returns of membets? It seems
D me that still nothing is offered, or can be for the
considera'ion ei'her of the Speaker or the House,
bat simply the fact, whether these gentlemen from
New Jersey are here upon their leealretivns. If
they have such returns, a fact which nobody ques-
tions, then their right is equal to ours, or to yours,
sir   The House of Representative? cannot be com-
?>sed without them, accordng to the Const tution.
ou are bound to take notice that they ate mem-
bers, and to administer to them the oath which they
demand to take.
But, sir, the position assumed by that portion of
this body which opposes the admitting of the mem-
bers from New Jersey to the oath, so far as I can
learn or understand it, is this: that now, it not be-
fore, we have a House of Representatives capable
of enteting en any business assigned to such Hou-e
by the Constitution and the law; that they under-
st>nd and believe that the right of these members
from New Jersey is impeached by per-ons standing
ready to con'est their seats; and that, until that con-
test shall be decided in the 1* gal and regular way,
neither the return members nor their competi'ors
ought to be, or shall be, admitted to seats en th s
floor. This is the posi'ion of one p-Tticn of t'-.i*
body; and f propose to examine this point, and to
show, as I believe I can, to these gentleman them-
selves, who stand on this ground, that they a>e act-
ing in a great error—a great error; and one which,
when exposed, should, if it do not, frignten them
from this dangerous position.
Supprs ng, for the sake of the argument only,
thatnow, (hough with a por ion of in return mem-
bers on the spot, and necessary to its composition,
not yet qualified to act with us, as they demand to
be—suppose the House is competent to take the
whole case of the New Jersey members into con-
sideration, and|adjnd;e upjn it—admitting this, let
Us see what it is that is proposed to be done under
the resolution now before us.
The question of right in regard to the alleged
contest for seats from the State of New Jersey is
one wh:ch rests of course on proofs. It s a case
for judicial investigation and trial; and it is essen-
tial to a judicial proceeding that the judges should
hear and consider, as well as determine and ad-
• uCJ andit wotlW seem t0 me ,0 comfort &l 'east
with decency, if not with common jus¡ke, that the
whole case should be heard and considered before
either the whole case, or any part of it, should be
decided. Now what I desire to say, and whit I
charge in the most distinct and explicit minner in
his case, is this: that, by passing this resolution in
the affirmative, the House wi'l give a solemn deci-
sion on one highly important feature of the case,
 akmg wj essential part of that final judgrmnt
which the House may pronounce after a full hear
ing, but which cannot, and no part of which can,
with either sense or decency, bs anticipated in such
a manner. It will be literally a judgment first,
and a proposed hearing afterwards.
Sir, let gentleman consider for a moment what
will be the process of heaiing and judgment on the
merits of the New Jersey question.   A committej
must be appointed in the usual way, who will take
the ca«e into consideration, and hear all tht p oofs
and allegations of the rc-pective paities.    First,
we may suppose, wi 1 appear the members holding
the Governors commission—that is to say, the re-
turns; and this will be enough for their purpose?,
in the first instance.   Then will come  the cla<m-
aats, with tteir proofs to establish  the fact, if it
be so, as they ate understood to allege, that, when
the pjll lists are all examined, and a correct count
is made, the majority of  votes actually cast will
be found to have been given to them; and here
they will rest their case.   The burden is then again
upon the commissioned members, and they will
proceed to present their proofs to show, as they
allege they can, that the poll list? must be parged of
so many fraudulent and illegal votes given against
them as to turn the scale of legitimate numbers
once more in their favor, and give them the elec-
tion.   On this latter point, undoubtedly, the whole
case must eventually turn; fir nobody, I suppose,
doobs, after all that the country has heard on the
subject, that a large number of persons, chiefly
foreigners, voted at this election in New Jersey, by
direct and dishonest procurement, who were no
more entitled to a voice in the election than would
have been the maimed skeletons of all the Hessian
mercenaries slain on the soil of that tried and suf-
fering State in the conflict of the Revolution, if
the trump of party coul I have been s ^unded loud
and deep enough to bring up the those skeletons
for this purpose from their dishonorable graves.
The proofs being closed, and the parties having
been heard before the committee, the next thing in
order would be the report of the committee; and
with this in possession of the House, the ease
would stand for ju Igment.   Now it mu.t be re-
membered that no suggestion whatever is made,
nor is it pretended in any quarter, that a choice
was not actually effected in  the New Jersey elec-
tion.    Five gentlemen, besides the one now in his
place from that State, were elected, of the one
par y or the other; and the judgment of the Hon e
mu.'t be finally entered accordingly.   That judg-
ment, then, will be—supposing one entire set or
the other to be found to have been chosm—in sub-
stance, either that Mr. Aycrigg and Im assiciates
are entitled to their seats, and that Mr. Dickerson
and his associates are not; or, that Mr. Dickerson
and  his associates are entitled to their srats, and
that Mr. Aycrigg and his associates are not.   It is
the latter alternative, out of all doubt, on which it
is expected by those who oppose the present ad-
mission of the   return  members, that the deci-
sion of the House will finally rest.   Suppose it
shall be  so; I then ask, and I put the question
solemnly home to gentlemen, how much of the
judgment of this Ho us ,  implied in the resolution
that Mr. Dickerson and his associates are f ntided
to  seat   on   th s  floor,  and  that Mr. Aycrigg
and his associates are not—how much of this judg-
ment are you reaiy and willing now to pronounce?
How much of it da'e you antrcpate with' ut any
hearing or proofs wha'ever, by a present dec sibn?
Sir, it is in terms precisely one equal half cf this
judgment that gentlemen are now about to antici-
pa'e and declare by the'r present re'ii-.al to admit
Mr. Aycrigg and o he's to the oath.    Once pais
such a resolution, and you have given a direct de-
ciee against the e gen'lemen  of exclusion from
their sea's    It is ii va n to say that it is a mere
refuta' to admit them to their sea's, and that ftr a
limited time.    It is not in  your' power to admit
tbem.   They are in office, and in their seat*, with-
out ytUr a>d, aid in sp'te of you.   If yon refuse
them the oa h, they cannot act, because they must
be sworn before they can act, by the d.recion of
the Const;tution and the law; and 'his is equiva-
lent to an ejec ment.   You turn them out, ynn ex-
pel them, by a direct substantive act, and you
could do no more af er a full hearing of the case.
The heiri g had, and ihe cor.clus on I have sup-
posed found, you miy pass your fiat for ihe ad-
mis ion of Mr. Dickerson anJ e.thers; but the ex-
cluding of Mr. Aycrigg an 1 Irs ieVows from t e
House will have beei done already, and nothing
will remain to you in reg ml to th >m but o c< nfirm
a judgment solemnly rendered by you before tiie
trial commenced!
But this is not all. It will be something more
than half the judgment in the cas* whi-h wi>l bs
rendered before trial; it will !aok little in substance
and fact of being the entire ju igment wh ch will
thus be rendered beforehand. Upon wl-.a' ground
is it that you can t'y, cr iaqu re a' all into the
right of the r< turn me-nbers to their seats? I* it
not mere'}' upon the claim -et up by their competi-
tors,? Could you, if parliamentary u<age were ob-
served in the case, ever hear of an impeachment of
their right but through the petition of the claim-
ants? Yon d spense with the petition, an 1 ycu re-
cave the clai-n—and what is that claim? W y,
that they, the claimants, have a bet'er tile to ti e
offices in question than the incumbents have. The
latter have possession, and the others are tr)ir>g to
get possession; one party is in, and the o'her is en-
deavoring to get in. What is the settled and uni-
versal rule in such cases? Why, thu the party
who is out and seeking to come in mu>t show a
better tit'e before possession shall be disturbe*. It
is only because of that better title, first shown af-
firmatively, that the incumbent can be dispossessed.
He is removed, not upan the weakness of his own
title, but solely to make room for another who esta-
blishes a good title. What, then, is the act of dispos-
sessing the incumhent but a distinct recognition of
the befer title of the claimant? How far short
dies this come of a judgment to that effect?
It is no new or extraordinary thing that the legal
right to an office should be litigate 1 between a
claimant and the incumbent; and there is nothing
1 in this tribunal which should change the common
principles of justice applicable to such ras"s. Was
it ever heard, in any court, that a claim being set
up, the incumbent was first dispossessed, and the
right of the claimant heard and determined after-
wards? A man is in peaceable possession of his
estate, his dwelling, or his farm; and one claiming
to have a better ti;le brings his action of ejectment
to recover the possession; it would a little astonish,
not lawyers meiely, but all men, I think, to hear
that the first order of ile court should be to turn out
the occupant, and leave the piemists vacant, to
await the judgment of the court rn the right of the
claimant when a hearing and trial should be had
And yet this is precisely what is proposed to be
done in the case before us. You would not enter-
tain a question in the case but upon the claim of
tho.-e who profess to set up a better tit'e, and, upon
a full hearing, you cculd not legitimacy determine
and adjudge that the party who is in must go out,
but by finding that the party who is out is entitled
to come in; and this you are now about to do, rot
after a full hearing, or after any heating, but with-
out hearing, or proofs, or trial, or any pretence of
any such thing. Yon are about to decide and
adjudge, in substance, upon the whole case, on its
merits; you, constituting the grandest judicial in-
quest and tribunal in the na'ion, you are about to
do this before trial and without trial; and you then
propose to go on afterwards with the solemn
mockery of a hearing, with nothing left for you to
do at the end, if the rase turns out as you hope and
believe it will, but simply to adopt some mere for-
mal recognitii n of your own foregone and recorded
judgment.
Honorable grnt'f m°n, with a shsw of great mo-
deration and ciui'or, hive been free to confiss
that, in their ojhion, these claimants of seats
ought not themselves to be admitted until they
have made out their case upon 'he trial. Peally !
But, in the mean Mne, you think it perfectly ju t
and proper to brgin the proc ss widi turning out
the return memixrs. Niw, do yrunotsce h t
you do not, and cannot, take such a course, upon
the suppose I weakness of their title? That 'heir
title, indeed, is not only not weak, but that it is
perfect, unimreached, and positively ur.imieicna-
bk, except by supposing that their adversaries have
a belter title, and were themselves elec:e«?   Upon
