48
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONALGLOBE.
26th ConG"« 1st Sess.
Armed occupation of Florida—Mr. Clay of Ala.
Jan. 1859.
Senate.
ministration for the resul's of the Florida war. On
what «round? Had the Administration been re-
miss in furni-hinEc men, or the most ample means
for prosecu in* the wai? D.d any person imagine,
at its commencement, that the force under General
Scott was insufficient? He had, perhaps, as effec-
tive an army as any that has since b?en in the
fie-'d. Hi. requisitions were all met. He had re-
gular foops and militia—infantry and artillery.
He hal not only those under his own command,
bat the unexpected aid; brought into the field by
t ¡e veteran, General Gaines, who bad hastened to
the sier.e ot conflict, without awaiting orders, the
verj moment he had heard of the war-cry of :he
enemy, aid, who, it is believed by some, who?e
opÍH¡ons are t n uled to weight,would probably have
teimimtel the contest at one blow if he had had
three hundred mounted men. Who but the com-
manding «eneral directed and controlled the opera-
tions if tie army? Not the Pie-ident—nor, Mr.
C. pnsumed, the Secretary of War Then, if
blame is to be attached to any, in regard to the first
campaign, it should not fall on the Administration.
The sam , Mr. C. supposed, might be said of all
tie campaigns which had followed it. The Admi-
ni-t-a ion hid sent officers of established courage,
known experience, and high reputaticn, into the
field; an! had fumu-hed men, arms, munitions, and
subii-tence in the greatest abundance. What more
couli be desired? Did such fac's warrant the im-
putation of imbecility, impotence, or inefficiency,
¡-a far the as the Adminisiretion was concerned?
Mr. C. said he was willing to leave this questiun to
be answered by the good sense and justice of the
country.
One thing, Mr. C. sail, was certain, that not-
witi sand ng the many hard fought battles—in not
r-ne of which, he believed, had there been a single
instanse of cowardice, ei'her amongs' the regular
tr.ops, or volunteer militia—notwithstanding the
number of lives that had been sacr.ficed, and the
millions that had been expended; and although we
bad killed, cr captured and removed some three
thav-and Indians or more, the war was not yet
o7er—.he savage warwhoop still resounded in Flo-
rida—the unrelenting tomahawk and scalping
knife vera still iio*ins in the blood of men, wo-
men, and ehidren, iadi<crimioately; and whilst the
na Tit er ( f tbe enemy had been reduced, there ap-
peared to be no diminution of ihe feiocny and per-
severing de p-ration of hs attack?. The plan of
operators bnherto pursued, Mr. C. said, had en-
t rel/ fai'e I to bnn.; the war to a close, nor ecu d
h-:e-, if it-hould be continued, that its purposes
\ioild b  pccornp'islei in any definite period.
Su h ¿out ts, uncertain y, and discouragement,
were ntt only felt h re, but, he believed, anions'-1
tur fallow-citizens eveiy where; rnd even the offi-
cers and s'Idiers of the regular aimy were dispi-
rited an 1 de>pondin?.
Mr. C. s^itl if the Senatrr from South Carolina
would examine the reptri of the Secretary of War,
wh c'i accernpanied the President's late annual
■mpjs'ge, he wou'd find that even General Taylor,
wh > wai no*, and bad been commanding in
Florida e?cr rince the re urn of General Jesup,
(aid u-bom tie Sena or had lauded, no doubt very
ju;tiy, (or fi>c chivaly and known ability)—yes,
fir, even General Taylor d-spairs of success, by
con'maing hrs ¡ i ies as we have heretofore done.
Afe"amo>t me'ancholy account and gloomy de-
tid of hi* orerations during the last year, Gmeral
f.iy'.or ad 's the following remark:
"An 1 shout! th? wir be renewed, (which I most sincerely
hope may never be Ihe eise.)the only way to bring it toa suc-
cess! ul issue, in my opinion, is to cover the whole country, so
as to prevent ilio ene ny from huu'.ing and fishing."
This, f i _ s aid Mr.C. is fl e very ¡anguige of despair.
lie riepre; ales Us continuarce,  s-nA sincerely hopes
it may m verb  iene\ced.   Yet, fir, all this is right
a- r g- r.!s General Ta;lor, in the j idgment of the
Sell  tor ¡rom Sou h Carolina, [Mr. Presto* ]    No
b'a'i.e -s to } e >is< r.be I t > the pretent commanding
Gen-ij', b it it i* toih>* ue.ficiency of he me sures
of  h   Adm niitration* we ar.: to ascribe all our
f,.i ure^     i\'i T7,  sir,  sa.d Mr. C. whi'e I will not
cast  ceasijrj u¡on others, w¡ h my limited means
of iriformai.in as. to ihe mode of conducting the
late campaign, I  beg leave to invite the attention
of the Senator from South Carolina, and others.
to the facts as containel in the official report of the
Adjutant General, with the sanction ol ihe General
"commanding-in-chief." He said it would be
found in the 'Return of the Army employed in
Florida against the Seminole Indians, under the
command of Erevet Brigadier General Zachary
Taylor," there were the following number:
Second regiment of Dragoons - 10 companies.
Third regiment of Artillery     -   9        "
First, second, sixth, and seventh
regiments of Infantry, ten
companies each, making    - 40        "
Aggregate of regulars -          - 59        "
Besides Florida mounted militia 10        "
And making a grand aggregate of 69        "
[Here Mr. Preston asked the Senator from
Alabama to give the general result in numbers.]
Mr. C. said he wou'd readily comply with the
Senator's request; and, turning to another column
of the return, said 3,991, or, in round number , an
army of 4,000 men, consisting of dragoons,
mounted volunteers infantry, and artillery. Mr.
C. here asked, was this an inefficient force to light
the Seminole Indians now in Florida? He said he
could not pretend to estimate the number of the
enemy with accuracy, bu,t the Senator from South
Carolina had represented the number of warriors
at about three hundred. If this calculation be cor-
lect, (said Mr. C.) the army might have been
divided into eight parts, and either would have
been able to have fought successfully the entire
force of the Indians; for each eighth part would
have been as five hundred to three hundred. Now,
it did not appear to Mr. C. that an army more
than thirteen timtt us strong as the enemy to be
encountered, could be regarded as a very inefficient
force.
But, Mr. C. said, General Taylor seemed to
suppose, if the war should be renewed, the only
way to bring it to a successful is-ue, in his opinion,
is to cover the toAoie country, so as to prevent the
enemy from hunting and fishing. This seemed to
justify an inference in favor of the plan proposed
by the bill under consideration, which, though not
proposing to cover the whole country literally, ap-
proached that plan as nearly as practicable, as it
contemplated establishing bodies of men in all patts
of the theatre of war. To cover the whole coun-
try by a standing atmv, Mr. C. supposed could
not be intended, for if it were even a' numerous as
that proposed bv the Senator fr< m South Carolina,
amounting to 15 000, the Territory being 45,000
square miles, there wou'd not be more than one
man to every three square miles. Nor, from the
experience we bad had, did Mr. C. think there
would be much good done by marching an army
of that number through the country. The Indians
might then, and no doubt would, dispersed as they
were, in small bodies, re:ire as oar troops ap-
proached, conceal themselves in some neighboring
hammock, and, thus eluding them, be as secure as
«ver.
But, sir, said Mr. C. whatever may be the opi-
nion of General Taylor on this subject, there can
be no doubt of the approbation of the Secretary of
War. It will be fonnd, by reference to his report,
that he gives it his express sanction. The follow-
ing is the passage to which I allude:
"The passage or the bill introduced in the Senate during the
last session, and partially acted upon in Congress, for the mili-
tary occupation of Florida, would, it is believed, he attended
with beneficial effects; and I further recommend that authority
be given to the Executive to raise one thousand men, to serve
during the war in Florida, who shall receive the pay of dra-
goons, and, upon its termination, a bounty in land. These men
it is proposed to arm and equip, and drill in a manner to render
them equal to the Indian warrior in vigor and endurance, and to
employ them in active operations during the ensuing winter.
The exigencies of the service at this particular juncture, com-
pel me to ask this additional force. It will be seen that the si ate
of the Western frontier requires the forces there to be increased
rather than diminished, and the condition of the Canada fron-
tier will not allow the withdrawal of the troops at present sta-
tioned there."
The S cretary not only recommends the passage of
the bill, but he, at the same time, states facts which
are, of ¡hemselves, a powerful argument in its fa-
vor. He says: "It will be seen that the state of
the Western frontier requires the forces there to be
increased rather than d minished; and the condition
of the Canada  frontier wjll not allow the with-
drawal of Ihe troops at present s'ationed there."
Yes, sir, and he m'ght have referred, also, to the
state of the Norh:astern toundaiy, where, in my
opinion, we should also have a strong military
force, prepared to act as exigei e'es may nqu re.
But, sir, he has said enough to show that ail our
regalar at my, net already in Florida, has suflitie. t
employment elsewhere. Whence, fun, is ihe
Senator's army of fifteen or twenty thousand ir.cn
to be drawn, admitting we were willing to increase
our expenses ?ome th.rty or forty million!  of dol-
lars ? Will the gentleman increase our rcgu'sr ar-
my to that amount, or will he raise them Ire m the
m litia? Mr. C presumed the Scna'or intended
from the]latter,and he had no doubt it could be done.
For, said Mr. C. 1 know the mass of our ci'zens,
who constitute the militia, are ever ready to rail/
around the standard of their country whenever si e
needs thtir services, and are always brave and en-
cient when their operations are skilfully conducted
by officers who are woithy of their confidence.
But, sir, expeiience has demonstrated that ihey are
the most expensive class of troops. Besides, such
calls are extremely annoying and injurious lo our
citizen", breaking in upon their accu-tcmcd avoca-
tions and pursuits. He said they hid alrcaly
fallen heavily on Alabama. She had already fur-
nished three reg'ments for the Fionda jervice; and
whilst it was true that, stimulated by laudable
pride and patriotism, they were all volunteers—
nota man having been coerced into service by
draft—yet it had resulted ruinously to many < f
them, whose claims for property lost in the public
service were now lying in the Third Auditor's of-
fice, un ad jutted and unpaid, after[the lapse of near'y
two years. Such treatment was calculated to cot 1
the ardor of the most patriotic citizens, and render
them less cheerful in obeying the cill of their coun-
try íh future emergencies. Mr. C. said the calls
for citizen troops, to fight the Seminole Indiw, h?d
not been confined to Alabama. Georgia, Tennes-
see, and some of the other States had felt the bur-
thens of this service. It would be unreasonable to
expect them to furnish the immense additional
force that seemed to be contemplated by stme gen-
tlemen, and which, or even more, would be neces-
sary to meet ihe views of Gen. Taylor.
Mr. C. thought the provisions of the bill were
the best calculated to terminate this long protiacted
war. The other plans had been tried with a'l the
advantages of gallant trcops and skilful officers,
and had failed. [Mr. C. then read and comment d
on provisions of the bid.] At the conclusion of the
war, and when the Seminohs hal been removed
west of the Mississippi, and not till then, each set-
tler would receive his three hundred and twenty
acres. Well, suppose the whole number provided
ia this bill would go; but for himself, he did not be-
lieve the whole number would—it was not neces-
sary—a less number would answer—but suppose
all should go, it would require about 3,200,000
acres of land, wh:ch at the ord nary pries of our
public lands, would amount to $4,000,000. If
economy be the object, this p'an is bet'er than any
other proposed. If it should accomplish the pur-
pose in view, it will only cost us the land, and one
year's subsistence and clothing—if it shall fail, or
the Indians are not remored, the land will'not be
given to the settlers; they can claim no other re-
ward for their services under the provisions of the
bill.
Mr. C. said there w«r? more than 2fi,000,000
acres in that portion of Florida occupied by the
Indians, of which we propose to give three and
a quarter millions to these who have to conquer
it all for us, before they will have a right to pos-
ses ion. Do gent'emen sse any better mode of
conquering and removing the Indians from Florida?
All the large bodies are captured and ¿i«perstd,
aud tbere only remain small straggling paities or
individuals, which it is impossible to " ca'ch," as
proposed by the Senator from South Carolina, by
merely marching an army through the coun'ry.
Such a purpose is not to be attained by a transient
force; it can only be accomplished by a stationary,
or permanent body of men. The bill pr. poses
that the settlements shall be in stations, dc s'gnated
by the commander of the United States tr. ops in
Florida, according to a general plan, to be approve!
