Jan. Í840.'
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GlOBE.
49
26th Cong •••1st Sess.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
by the President; not less than forty, nor more than
one hundred settlers to be at each station; that each
station shall be  protected by block-houses and
stockades, to be put up by the settlers, with the aid
of the United States troojs; and that special mili-
tary protection shall be given to each company of
settlers, whüe putting up iheir block-houses, and a
general protection afterwards,  by military force
kept in the country.   In such block-houses  the
settlers, and ail others in their«rictnity, would find
protection at all seasons, as the experience of the
Western crun;ry bad proven.   Indians do not use
artillery, nor undcs'and its u^e; and one hundred
men .could efficiently protect   themselves  within
these wcoJen fortifications, against 1,000 Indians.
Ii woald be the interest of the settlers to get the lands
into their possession as soon as possib'e, to watch
the marauding Indian, and capture or destroy him
whenever he put his head out of  his hammock.
Let it not be supposed that if this bill is passed,
there will be any difficu'ty in finding men in suffi-
cient numbers, of stout hearts and willing hands,
who will be ready to close with its offers.   The
West and the South still contain men enough who
aré willing to undertake, and able to  accomplish,
like deeds of noble daring as distinguished their
ancestors in days gone by in their conflicts with
the savage?.   Yes, sir, many of the descendants of
the hardy pioneers of the West would gladly em-
brace this opportunity of acquiring a freehold.    In
rpy own State, when a regiment of volunteers was
asked for of two battalions—for one of those batta-
lions to consist of li /e companies, eleven compa-
nies presented themselves at the place of rendez-
vous within ten days from the date of the order re-
quiring them,   though   many of  them travelled
moxe than an hundred miles; and for the other bat-
talion, four or five companies more than could be
accepted offered themselves Although these tioops
returned not   altogether pleased   with  the  man-
ner in. which things were conducted, a single coun-
ty, had since furnished two full regiments, and
were¡ still ready to  volunteer,  on   terms   much
ess favorable than   those   offered   by   this bill.
Thtra   were a great many  hardy   and   indus-
trious men residing in the States of Georgia, Ala-
bama and Tennessee, who were not possessed of
freeholds, who   would   avail themselves of the
terms of this bill to acquire them, and defend them-
selves by the i^.eagth of iheir own arms.    He said
three "hundred and twenty acres of such s-.il as
that .represented to be in this portion of Florida by
the communication of the Surgeon General, which
uasbefore us at the last session, would lay ihe foun-
dation for an ample competency for an industrious
man and his family.   A bounty so liberal, to be ob-
tained, probably, by one or two y ears'honorable mili-
tary service, at intervals, (for it was not intended
Oiat they should be continually in service through-
out the year,) would hold out strong inducements
to the bold and enterprising; and he would not be
surprised to see battalions or regimen's going forth,
almost in bodies, to secure its advantages.
. Mr. C." said he could not doubt that the plan
proposed by the bill was prac'icable, and that it
weuld be carried into effect.    He said it was in this
manner that a large portion of the Western coun-
try bad been settled and reclaimed from the occu-
pancy of hostile bands of Indians, and with less
aid and protection from Government than was of-
fered in this bill, as many who were naw living
could attest.   He was unwilling to believe that we
bad so far degenerated in courage, tact, or energy,
that the present age was unequal to the achieve-
ment of victory and conquest over, comparatively,
a handful of savage , cut off, as they were, from
the assistance óf any other people.
But, said Mr. C. if the prospect of success were
less encouraging, the plan is worth an experiment.
If it should fail,it will cost a comparatively trifling
expenditure. We have tried all the ordinary
modes of warfare without subduing or expelling
the enemy. We have had all oar principal officers
there, and all their efforts have resulted unsuc-
cessfully. The officer who has commanded them
during the last campaign, and who has been so
highly extolled for his gallantry and skill, is op-
posed to a renewal of the war on the system here-
tofore pursued.    Shall we submit,  ingloriously,
to a mere remnant of a paltry tribe of Indians, and
suffer them to remain masters of a valuable por-
tion of our territory, perpetrating their savage
cruelties, and marauding upon our fellow-citizens
with impunity, and without restraint? Or shall we
incur the expensa of the enormous addition to our
military establishment which has been suggested
by the gentleman from South Carolina1? Or shall we
adopt the measure now under consideration? Mr.
C. said he could not hesitate in giving his decided
preference to the latter; believing it would result
in the conquest of the country, and the removal of
the only tribe of warlike Indians now east of the
Mississippi.
Under similar circumstances, and with such
views, the bill received his support at the last ses-
sion of Congress, when it passed the Senate. He
would again vote for it, and trusted it would now
receive the support of a majority of the Senate.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
SPEECH OF MR. DÜNCA2ST,
Of Ohio,
In the House of Representatives, Januaty 9, 1840—
On the subject of the New Jersej election for
members at the Twenty-si: th Co/gress:
Mr. DUNCAN said, he ha 1 beejf ra'her a looker
on than a participator in the ¡cen« that have been
acting from the time since w \ hi^e assembled; and
but for some charges that haieJbeen made against
the Administration he thongwit his duty to support,
and the party to which it waffnis duty and his pride
to belong, as well as some doctrines that have been
advanced, which he thought pernicious and danger-
ous in all their bearings and tendencies, he
would not now attempt to detain the body in its
strujg>, either for party ascendency or the esta-
blishment of the rights of the people of New Jer-
sey; and before he progressed, to oppose the for-
mer, or sustain the latter, be hoped he would not
be considered out of order, if he responded to some
of the charges made and some of the positions ta-
ken by the Opposition, not directly bearing on the
question really before the House.
The first charge that he would attempt to meet
was that which every Opposition member, who had
addressed the House, had made against the Demo-
cratic party, viz. the consumption of the people's
time and the peopWs money.   Sir, we have fallen
far short of the peop'e's  expectations in the lime
which has been occupied in the organization of the
House. But,sir,l think the Democracy of this House
have but little to fear from the people in this strug-
gle. They have been maintaining the principles they
weie sent to maintain.   I mean the free institu-
tions of our country, and the purily of the elective
franchise.   The rights and dear bought suffrage of
the freemen of a sovereign State have been vio-
lated and trampled upon by a corrupt party Go-
vernor and a corrupt party Council, and the sove-
reign will of the the people sacrificed at the shrine
of party ambition and love of power.     It is their
wrongs we are endeavoring to redress.   We have
nothing to fear from the people, though we remain
in this struggle till doomsday.     No frowns or po-
pular indignation await us.     We expect to and
will receive their smiles and approbation for our
efforts on this occasion.     Let those who attach
more weight and character to (he certificate and
broad seal of a Governor, and the dictation of a
Privy Council, than to the voice of the freemen of
a sovereign State, meet the consequences and re-
sponsibility of this shameful and disgraceful waste
of "public time and public money."
But, sir, how have the "public money and the public
time'''' been wasted by speeches; and who is it that
has thus wasted the "public money and the public
time," by speaking? My diary will &how, which
I was induced to keep in consequence of the charge
of the waste of the "public money and the public
time," made upon the Democracy by the time and
money saving modern Whigs!
On the first eleven days of the session there
were:
Whig speeches.     Sen. gptiecheo.
Firstday,                    21                     5
Second day,                  15                     7
13
6
9
1
15
12
31
13
10
1
31
I*
19
12
18
12
18
6
Third day,
Fourth day,
Fifth day,
Sixth day,
Seventh day,
Eighth day,
Ninth day,
Tenth day,
Eleventh day,
200                   94
The journals will show that narly all the mo-
tions made and the questions of order rar-ed to con-
sume time, and stave off the organization of the
House, were made and supported by the Whigs.
Th;s carries us up to the close of the c leventh
day of the session, and the result shows that the
money and time saving Whigs! of this House have
made two hundred speeches, and the D- mocrats
who have been charged hourly with wasting the
"public money and the public tine," have made nine-
ty-four speeches. I thought it my duty to make
this expose to counteract the effects of a chaige, as
unfounded as the object lor which these speeches
have been made is corrupt, at least m their ten-
dencies, if not in their intent. Why all this un-
exampled strife on the part of the Opposition; and
why this wreckless sacrifice of time which should
have Deen devoted to the country's business? The
world will understand the answer. It is to smuggle
in five Whigs to seats on this floor, who have
about as much right here as the remains of the
cabal who disordered the administration of Charles
the Second. I mean John B. Aycrigg, John P. B.
Maxwell, Wm. Halsted, Charles C. Stratton, and
Thomas Jones Yorke men whom the sove-
reign freemen of New Jersey have pro-
nounced through the billot box, in the proper
legal and constituiional manner, politically un-
worthy, and unqualified longer to hold seats on
this floor. Sir, those who are supporting the
usurpers, or the círti/ieaíed members, had no ex-
pectation that they could hold their seats longer
than the time when a committee could report upon
their precisions. Ths object was to smuggle them
in, that tbey might have an opportunity to vote in
the organization of the House, or, in the language
of the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Chinn,] that
they might cast their votes for John Bell. Yes,
sir, this was the object. The right of suffrage is
to be trampled upon, the purity of the elective
franchise must be violated, and the voice of a sove-
reign State treated with contempt, to the end that
John Bell might be Speaker of this House. Sir,
such an attempt is not more idle than it is vain.
John Bell will never be Speaker of this House
while his name is John Bell, nor will these usurp-
ers get seats in this hall again, until the voice of
New J rsey shall pronounce them entitled to them.
But mo e of this hereafter.
Mr. Chairman, I think I have seen a disposi-
tion manifested here to carry, by violence, the
unjust and assumed claims of the Whig New
Jersey pretenders. When all other means should
fail, violence seemed to be the intended resort.
Questions of order have been raised, involving no-
thing but quibbles, the most contemptible to the
most ordinary understanding. When I was ad-
dressing the House the other day, I was ar-
rested (or the Clerk, while reading the evi-
dence upon which I was predicating my re-
marks, was) by the gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. Randolph ] The evidence which I was
causing the Clerk to read, was the certificate of the
Secretary of State of New Jersey, certifying that
Messrs. Dickerson, Vroom, Kjlle, Ryall, *nd
Cooper, have a majority of all the votes polled,
and were duly elected members of the Twenty-
sixth Congress; also certificates of the election
officers, and affidavits of others having a know-
ledge of the case. While the reading was going
on, Mr. Randolph objected to the reading of the
papers, for the reason that these papers were never
before the Governor and Privy Council. The gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Vandebpoel,] said
that he was authorized by Messrs. ©««raw  and
Vroom to say that they were before the ^e™or
and Council. The gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. Randolph,] said they were not.   The gentle-
