Jail. 1840.__________
26th Cong.......1st Sr*s.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
A'ew Jersey Question—Mr. Duncan.
H. <f Reps.
sonal hostility 10 Mr. Van Buren. It would be won-e
than folly to tar the purse, the  head, the heart,
and pollute the tongue with a wartare fiaught
with such  cost, such  iniquity,   and   such   foul
slander,   merely   to   prostrate   the   earthly   ta-
bernacle of trail men,   who, by   the immutable
laws of nature, must in a few short years, perhaps
months, perhaps days, return to their great mo her
earth; become the food of worms, and min°le with
the dust.   No, sir; it is not against men this war-
fare is waged: I repeat, that the object is to over-
throw the Republican institutions of e-ur country.
When will this warfare cease?    When the men
who administer this Government, and  those who
act with, and support them, pay the debt of na-
ture, think you?   No, no.   The   termination of
their existence will be no s'gnsl to cease hostilities.
Ihey never will cease until the Federal aristocratic
prediction is fulfilled, " that   man is incapable  of
sctf-governmtnt.     That the pe ple have not the tn-
teiligtnce and stability to govern themselves "   This
war will cease  whsn   the reins of Government
shall be surrendered by the many to the hands of
of the wise, the wealthy, and the great few—when
" the common herd1 shall become  ihe vassals of
a few "exc/usiws"—when the many shall become
"hewers of wood and drawers of  water" to the
few—then, sir, will this war upon human liberty
cease, and not before.
Bat; sir, have the Opposition no other object in
pushing the fraudulent claims of the Whig pre-
tenders, than the maintenance of the abstract
rights-of New ¡Jerse)? Yes, sir, I have named
one, (the election of a Whig Speaker.) But that,
iffitsetf, is bat a collateral object.
The great object is to prop and support a rotten,
tottering, sinking cause.    One la&t dying, desperate
effort is to be made to prevent the overthrow, down-
fall, and final ruin of the once great and p iwerful
Federal faction. Tnis desperate effort to trample in
the dust the voice of New Jersey, is a practical
demonstration of what we may expect as to the
mode, and manner by which the political warfaie
is to be conducted in the appr «^ing contest  for
polical ascendency.   It is a concert of action with
the.proceedings and result of the Federal National
Convention which has just closed i>s operations at
Harrjsburg.   Can any man doubt, for a moment,
that the choice of a candidate for the Presidency,
made by that convention, is but the tocsin of wpr
to.raHy the contending factions, of all denomina-
tions,,'from the remotest parts of the Union, to the
conflict against the common cause of Democracy
and human liberty.   Virtue, patriotism, and good
o^der, are all to be sacrificed at the shrine ot Fe-
deral ambition in this great contest.    The man has
been selected around   whese standard   Antima-
spnty, Abolitionism, National Republicanism, Fede-
ralism, and every other ism under the sun except
DemoeraticL«m, may  rally.    Open   fight,   secret
amcuscade, fair play and foul play, and every other
mode of warfare known to the nations of the earth,
civilized and savage, is to be adopted and used in this
war. All missiles and weapons,common and uncom-
iñf>n, broadswords  narrow swords, long swords,
sb|Mrt swords, straight swords, and crooked swords,
arejó be used in fighting under this   ring-streaked
and speckled banner.    Falsehood, fraud, and cor-
ruption, will be in market for the highest bidder.
Every venal Federal sheet  will teem wih foul
slander, base detraction, and unblushing falsehood,
and the tool ¿f faction who can lie most, will re-
ceive the highest price for his occupation.   Yes,
sir, the zeal and Christian patriotism which were
exhibited on the plains of Palestine, in defence of
the Holy Land, were nothing to compare to the zeal
which will be displayed in the conduct of this war
upon the simple institations of freedom.   The un-
tiring efforts  of the   monk Peter  to rally  the
Christian nations in defence of the holy canse,
will s nk into insignificance, when compared with
the efforts wich will be used by the Federal dema-
gogues to rally the mercenary factions to this war
against the common cause of Democracy.   But to
use a common Dutch maxim, it will be all nix
eume rou ," or it will be applicable to a more classic
maxim, "monies portureunt, et  ridieulw nafcitur
mtw."
Yes, sir, a convention of the contending fac-
tnin"< <'f this Union, opp >sed to the cause *n I prin-
ciples of Democracy and equal rights has bten
held at Harrisburg; and the farmer of Tippecanoe
has been nominated for the Presidency ! And the
result of that convention will be about a< it was
in 1836, when, for the parp' ses of Factional divi-
sion, General Harrison, Jjdge Whi'e, and
Daniel Webster, were put upon the track. But
they were all distanced: so it will be in 1810. Old
Tccums h and Knrterhosk will distance Tippeca-
noe and the mar. of ihe Old Dominion,the first heat
If I were capable of giving Gen' ral Harrison
and hi* friends advice, it woold be to just put their
entrance money in their pocket-!, and leave the
field; an! if th°y have forfeitures up, let them go:
that will be the ¿avin* gime.
But, st, perhaps thes* predictions- may be con-
sidered impious, for I <ee in the repor'ed proceed-
ing, that the Rev. Mr. Sprecker pronounced a bene-
dction upon the convention. Now I am going to ani-
madvert a little upon that benediction, and let no
man impugn my motives,or attach irreverence to me;
for if I have one feeling of grateful recollection for
a Reverend father and a pioos mother, both of
whom now inhabit the nan ow house, it i> the re-
collection of the religious and pious precepts and
principles which they taught me in sincere piety
from my youth to manhood ; and although shame-
fully loose in their prac'ice, yet when I foiget them,
or fail in filial gratitude to those who taught
them, may God forget me. If there is one book
on earth that I reverence, it is the sacred word
from whi<*h I am about t> recite a few parages
from recollection. It theie is any one of the great
causes which orerate more than another to the per-
petuity of our Government, the stability of our re-
ligious and civil insii utions, the neare of man here
and a happy and glorious immortally hereafter,
I believe it to be the glorious cause of Christianity.
The Rev. Mr Sprr cker may be a righieous man—
I hope be is; and according to the weight and au-
thority here given to " prima facie íwíence," I 8m
bound to believe so, for he presents that evidence
in his title ; and we are totd in n<">ly writ that " the
prayers of the righleovs avail muck:'" But if I do not
mucn mistake the import or meaning of that bibli-
cal maxim, it is of importance to the success of
even the prayers of the righteous man, that the ob-
ject of his prayer shouklibe worthy of Divine ap-
probation. Holy writ furnishes uj with many con-
soling evidences of the powerful and miraculous
effecs of prayer, when made at the throne of
Divine mercy; evidences which show not only the
duty and importance of prayer, bat also the fíower,
mercy, and goodness of Him at whose throne every
kne<? is bound to bend.
The Almighty heard the prayer of Abraham, and
healed Abimelecb, his wife, and his maid servants,
of the barrenness with which he himself had cursed
them, in consequence of Sarah, Abraham's wife.
The Jews under Moses complained.   The anger of
the Almighty was kindled, and he sent consuming
fire into every part of their camp.   Moses prayed
for them, he  was  heard,  and the  hand   of Di-
vine   vengeance   was   stopped,   and   the   fire
qnenched.    The  Jews   were  visited with   fiery
serpents, on account of their sin1?.   The serpents
bit many of them, and they died. The people came
to Moses and confessed their sins, and asked him to
pray for them that the Almigby would take away
the serpent .   Moses prayed for them; his prayer
was heard—and the Almighty directed him to pre-
pare a serpent of brass, resembling in appearance
the fiery serpents, and to lift it upon a pole.   He
did so; and if any man thereafter was bitten by
a serpent, he looked upon the provided remedy and
lived.
While Moses was in the mount receiving the
tables of the law, the people, with the assistance of
Aaron, prepared a golden calf. When Moses re-
turned, he found them engaged in idolatry; he
threw down the tables. The anger of (he Almighty
was kindled and burnt against Aaron and the peo-
ple; Moses fell down and prayed for Aaron and the
people for forty days and forty nights; and such was
the effect of his prayers, that, instead of the Al-
mighty blotting oat their names from under hea-
ven as he threatened, he hearkened onto Mo,«es and
spared- them.
Again: the Siunamt'e'.- st n fe I sk¡<v and di^d.
The afflicted and pious, mother laid him in the pro-
phet E isha's bed, in a little room wh.cn she had
prepared fur him; she went for the prophet He
sent his servant, who la-d Elisha'á rod up >n the face
of Ihe chill, and he awoke not. But when the
prophet shut the door, and prayed, and laid upon
the child, he sneezed seven umes, opened his eyes,
and he delivered the chi! 1 alive to his mothir.
In the days of the prophet Baal, there was a
drought for three years and six months. The
fountain? were dried, and the river; were drank
up, and famine and desolation dwcl' upen the
bnd. Elijah went up to ihe top of Carmel, and
prayed for rain. A little rloud instantly arose out
of ihe sea, like a man's hand, and soon the heaven
was black with clouds, and there was a great rain.
Job prayed for his friends, and such was the
effect, that the Almighty turned h>s captivity, and
blessed his latter end more than h« beginning.
When Hezekiah prayed in his sickness, and
turned his face to the wall and wept, the Al-
m ghty heard his prayer, and added fifteen years to
his life.
Here, sir, we have evidence of the highest cha-
racter of the omnipotent effects of prayer. But it
must be remembered that the prayers here pre-
sented were not only the prayers of righteous per-
sons, but the objects prayed for were worthy of
and met Divine approbation. It is not only neces-
sary that those who would be heard in prayer and
answered, should not regard iniquity in their
hearts, but the subjects of their benediction should
be in favor with the Almighty, and their objects
and pursuits in conformity with the canse of jus-
tice, right, and his Divine will. Was such the case
with the Harrisburg convention? Sir, themen that
they are endeavoring to place in office, and the prin-
ciples they are endeavoring to establish, are at war
with the spirit of our C nstitution, human liberty,
the duration of our free institutions, and the prin-
ciples which we have undoubted reason to believe
are in favor with Him who sways and controls the
destinies of nations, from the fact that he led the
patriots of the Revolution to battle and to victory.
He "withheld the battle from the strong and the race
from the swift." The light of his wisdom and the
strength of his power have since derended ourinsti
tutions from the hand of violence from abroad and
the corruption of faclionists at home. Then, sir, I
undertake to predict that the prayer of the Rev.
Mr. Sprecker, however righteous he may be, will
fáB'to the ground unanswered—the objects of the
convention being unfavorable to the Divine will
and fits favored people.
But, s'r, there are some other difficulties that
present themselves to the success of the assembled
factions and the election of the nominee of the
Harrisburg Conventirn. Is it supposed that Mr.
Clay will quietly submit to the indignity offered
him and the neglect with which he has been treated?
No, sir: disappointed ambition is not so easily
calmed. He has been a distinguished leader of a
great party for many years. He has worn a life
nearly out in its cause; and although I think
he knew too much of the character of
the Acerican Democracy to believe, for a
moment, that he ever could be President
of these United States, still it was his pride to
live at the head of his party, and it was hiy hope,
it would be his glory, to die at the head of his party.
Of this hope, the only reward for his long and toil-
some services, bis party have deprived him. Now
that be is worn down, he is turned upon the com-
mons to shift for himself, as the Romans nsed to
turn their worn out slaves upon an island in the
Tiber. Think you, sir, lie will bear this treatment
with impunity? No, sir: prudence may at first in-
duce him to bear the neglect and ingratitude with
apparent forbearance. He may smother his wrath
for a time, but, sir, he will rave like the disap-
pointed political lunatic; he will growl like the
hungry hyena; he will bellow like the hunted buf-
falo; he will roar like the lanced Jion; he will do
more; be will disband his troops; his sentme s scat-
tersd over t&e Union, who have watched with fide-
lity on the towers, relay to do anything at his bid-
din?, will throw down their arms, and take their
banners from the   "cuter wall  and will  deny
