Jan. 1840.______________
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
New Jersey Question—Mr. Duncan.
H. ot Reps.
deciding who is entitled to a «at in diem. We give the certifi-
cates to the persons who may appear, by casting up the clerks'
returns, to have the greatest number of votes; we are, by law,
obliged so todo; but the House of Representatives may go
further, ami inquire whether any volea have not been returned
and counted, and if such be the ease, may allow them in their
discretion. Our laws evidently contemplate such a state of
things, for they require the townshU' officers to make out a
duplicate certificate of such election, and torito the same with
the town clerk, Ho be used as occasion may require.' It would
be to mea most painful reflection, were I to believe that the re-
strainto under which we are placed by the law, of not going be-
yond the certificates of the county clerk, would deprive'any
candidate of his ultimate rights. I declare here my earnest
wi«h, that before the proper and constitutional tribunal for de-
ciding the matter, each candidate may have the full benefit of
every legal vote oe nny have received at the election."
Let it be remembered when the above expose
was made, and the admissions therein submitted,
it was more to allay public indignition, which was
howling round him like a tempest.   In the first
paragraph of this expose, which is devoted ta de-
fining the duties of the Governor and Privy Coun-
cil, it will be perceived in relation to elections, that
one of the most important duties that devolves on
the Governor, viz. that of sending fortha polls when
the clerks fail to send them up within the time spe-
cified by law, is not hinted at, which he failed to
d.scharge in this case, and which, if he had per-
formed, would have saved all the trouble of this
hypocritical and metaphysical definition of duty,
and Messrs. D.ckerson, Vroom, Cooper, Kille, and
Rya'l would now be in their seats, representing the
"sovereignState o/Aiu Jersey,'" in conformity wih
the voice of her freemen, as expressed through her
ballot boxes on the " second Tuesday and the day fol-
lowing of October, 1838." I say it is the withhold-
ing of this duty in the above definition; and whether
it was the fanlt of stupid ignorance or corrupt de-
sign, perhaps his frien 's can answer.
But, sir, the returns were before the Governor
and Privy Council, and wera aced upon by them ;
but were set aside, not because they were net made
n time, merely, but because they were not made
formal in time.'.'   All this objection for want of
time and formality in the returns of Millv.lle and
Booth Amboy would have been regarded as a quib-
ble   worthy   of a   contemptible   pettifogger,    if,
when   opened,   they   had displayed the glorious
intelligence   of   a    Whig    victory.     Yes,   s r,
all such  objections   would   have   been   scouted
and  sank into nothingness; but as they unfold-
ed   the astounding  and  prostrating  intelligence
that a Democratic victory had been gained; that
Federalism was overthrown, and routed horse, font
and dragoons, the objections were insurmountable
in the eyes of the conscientious Governor and his par-
tisan Privy Council, and of this we have proofs in
the reception of the informal returns of the Fede-
ral townships, to which I have referred.   Sir, I
am don< with the history and the fact  of this case,
only as I may have to refer to them incidentally.
I have stated no fact in its exposition, in which I
have not been sustained by proof indisputable and
incontrovertible, and there is no reason why Mr.
Dickerson and his associates should not noto take
their seaw; no substantial reason exists why they
should not have taken their seats at the commence-
ment  of the session.     The   Constitution of the
United States, the laws of New Jersey and the
policy of this Government, which secure the elec-
tion to the manor set of men who have the greatest
number of votes in an election, shall be the mem-
ber or members returned, shall be entitled to be
sworn, and take h s or their seat or seats.   Mr.
Dickerson and his associates are these men.   Sir,
much complication has been thrown around, and
much  perplexity  interwoven   in   this question,
whereas there is but one simple, plain proposition
involved, and that is the question of return. Who
has the  State of New Jersey returned to the
Twenty-«ixih Congress of the United States?   Is
«Mr. Dickerson and his associa'es, who have re-
ceived " a majority of all the votes to the State,"
and who have now on oar Clerk's table indisputa-
ble evidence of the fact, and who were the favo-
rite candidates of the people, or is it Mr. Aycrigg
and his associates,who have received a nrnonty of
niLí* VOte* in the Stew' ** tbe Proof on onr
Clerk's table shows conclusively, and who are bnt
■n j "te candida,«s of a corrupt Governor and
aPederal partisan Privy Council, who claim seats
i*r  merely by virme of a Oowttorl certificate
and a broad seal. The quesiion I say is a question
of r.tarn merely, snd involves no other principle.
The Constitution of the United States, art. 1, sec. 2, declares
that "the House of Representatives shall be composed of mem 
bers chosen every second year by the people of the several
States, and the electors in each State shall have the qualifica-
tions requisite for electors of the most numerous branch of the
State Legislature." "No person shall be a Representative who
shall not have attained to the age of twenty-five years, and been
seven years a citizen of tbe United States, and who shall not,
when elected, be an inhabitant of that State in which he shall
be chosen." It also declares, in section 4, that the times, places,
and manner of holding elections for Senators aid Representa-
tives, shall be prescribed, in each State, by the Legislature
threof; but Congress may at any lime, by law, make or alter
such regulations, except as to the places of choosing Senators."
And, in section 5, that "each House shall be the judge of the
elections, returns, and qualifications of its own members."
This is the whole of the provision of the Constitution of the
United States on the subject.
I repea', that no question but that of the returns
is involved; none other claims onr consideration for
a moment. The fifth section of the fir.-t artiele of
the Constitution here read, provides that each
House shall be the judge ef the elect;oo, returns
and qualifications of its own members. A que->t on
might present itself in which the returns, qual fi-
cations, and elections might all be involved. But
in this case no such question is presented. The
qualifications of the members presenting claims are
not doub'ed; they all ccme up to the standard of
the Cons itut'oa. The mole and manner in which
the election was conducted came up to the standa'd
of the laws of New Jersey; there is no real ob-
jection on that subject. -So there is to ques-
tion of "efceíton" involved. It is the returns
alone upon which this House is called upon to act.
Strip the subject of all the complication in which it
has been unnecessarily involved, and the question
simply turns upon the power of the Governot 's
certificate, with theoroad seal annexed, and the pow-
er of the ballot box. If the verity and power
of the Governors broad seal and ceit'ficate convey
with them more political, en titutional, and legal
omnipotence than the voice of a majority of the
freemen in New Jersey, then is Messrs. Aycrigg
and company enti'led to seats in this Congress.
Bat if the voice and snfFraee of the people are to
prevail, then give Messrs. Dickerson and company
their sea's. We have been read many loud and
long lessons on the importance, value, and power
of the broad seal of New J, rspy, and the precedents
in favor of ihe veri'y and solemni y attache I to
the broad seal, and of the vast importance of strict
and unyielding adherence to precedent in support
of the regard due to Ihe bread seal. This stuñ has
been hammered into me until I am benumbeJ.
Fundamental lato, fundamental principles, common
law, wages, customs, and precedents have bren har-
rowed up from the rust and ashes of antiquity
back to the dark and barbarous a?es of the Norman
conquest, and arrayed in support of ihe vast, om-
nipotent and divine imporiance which is made to
attach to Governor Pennngton's certificate and
ihe broad seal of New Jersey. Now, sir, all Ihe
thanks that I have to return for alt the labor of
mind and body ¡¡pent in this behalf, i«, that I
have a most so'vere'gn and indignant con-
tempt for common law, fundamental law, broad
seal, precedent, and company; only as they go to
support the plain principles of common sense—the
principles ot right, justic, and political freedom.
Sir, I have the candor to acknowledge, that if I
can maintain the character of possessing common
sense, and an intention to do jus ice, it is the height
of my ambition. I will never tax my brain with
the investigation of abstruse, abstract, and funda-
mental principles, common Jaw, precedent, foe.
If the effect of such an investigation is to force
upon me such conc'usions and prinoples as have
been advanced in this contest, I will leave such an
investigation w.th those who smo her and trample
under foot the voice of sixty thousand freemen, by
the omnipotence attached to a Governor's certifi-
cate and a broad seat. If the effect of such kind
of learning andmetaihy ical research is to so far
corrupt the heart and distemper every patrio ic
feeling, as to induce him who possesses it to pros-
trate the Constitution, nullify the spirit and mean-
ing of the laws, and overthrow the freedom of the
elective fi anchi e, I beg to be excused from such
learning and such research.
But we are asked how we can look behind the
Governor's-certificate end tbe broad seal?   Are
we going to blot cut the Slate of New Jersey fiuui
the Federal Union? Ate we g irg to p'uck out
one of the stars from ihe pol t.cal firmament of
this Government? Are you goirg to anmlt'at-
one of the old thirteen States of this Union, \tii >
poured out her blood like water in the Revoluti ¡i?
wh:ch you will do, if you disregard her biond
seal, wheh is the evidence of her sovereignty?
Sir, this i< all flummery and fog. The sovereignly
of New Jersey dees not consist in Governor Pen-
nington, his broai seal, or his ceruficat ; nor i 
either of them, or all put together, in thi-> r.a«e,
evidence of her sovereignty. The certifitate is a
fraud and a falsehood, and the broad seal is but
the evidence of the official charact r of him who
perpetrates the one and asser's tbe otl-e-. Cu-
effbrt is to maintain the sovereignly of New Jer-ey
and her elective instiiutions, and the voice of hei
freemen, by preventing all from be iig «samriced hi
the shrneof Fed ral cprmp'ion and the love of
power. When, from absolute necessit-, Gem rat
Jackson declared martial law in the city of ?iew
Oilean , and suspended the writ of habeas corpus,
and thereby saved the c'ty from pillage, plunder,
slaughter, and destruction, the Federal yelp was
raised, loud and Io"g, that it would have been
better that New Orleans had fallen into the hands
of the enemy, and Lou siana sunk, 'han that mar-
tial law should have been declar d. It was a
stroke of military despotism more dangerous and
fatal in its character to the free institutions r[ this
country and this people, ihan to have sunk Ne v
Orleans and Louisiana with her! What is the
attempt wj now see by the same party? no less
than to overthrow the suffrage of sixty thousand
freemen, to the end ihat credence may be given to
a broad seal, evidencing nothing but the official
character of the manufacturer of a false certificate!
But we are told that the Governor's cirtijicate,
with his broad seal, is "prima facie evidence'''' that
those who have it are truly elected, and we
are bound to admit then  as members until the
converse is proven. What do we care about
prima facie evidence, when we are in possession of
the evidence itself* We have had real to us, and
now have in our possession, the best evidence—
evidence that proves conclusively that those who
possess the prima facie evidence of their election
were not elected. Of what value would be a cer-
tified copy of a record as evidence in a court of
law, if the court were in possession ot the original
record it-elf? It won Id be the fir-t and hghest
evidence; and such is the evidence we possess to
support and prove the fact that Mr. Dickerson
and bis associates are members of thi> C >ngfe.**.
But in the fac? of all this-, the prima facie ev-
dence is urged upon us.
The reasoning <f g ntlemen of the Opposition,
reminds me of a small book I saw and lead when
1 was a boy; it cont-úned a system of logic. I
never studied logic; I am ignorant of it asa sci-
ence; and thought but little of this boo!? at the
time I read it; but the whole course of reasoning
of the learned parly, comes precisely up to the
standard of the logic of that little book; and, in-
deed, there has been no other illustration of logical
principles in this discussion on the part of the cer-
tificate, broad seal and Pennington men, than was
illustrated by the work in question; and if the au-
thor'* logic was not ?ood and sonnd, it ha*, at kast,
the advantage of being popular.
The author reasoned thus: "Gentlemen toear boots.
Mr. A. B. wears boots, therefore Mr. A. B. is a gen-
tleman." "ladies wear corsets. Miss A wears cor-
sets, therefore Miss A. is a loiy." Now, sir, gen-
tlemen of the learned party here reasoned thus in
this congest—members of Congress have a Go-
vernor's cer-ificate, with a broad seal. Messis. Ay-
crigg and company have certificates with the broad
seal, therefore, Messrs Ayciigg and company bts
members of Cor gress. Now,sir,~Ideny tbesoon¿ ess
of the log c. The reasoning k unsound, and ftecon-
clusions are false. I know men, who wear btwm
who are not gentlemen; and so very common i^
it for every description and Character
of men to
wear boots, that ooels no longer «fíord erra?, 
fucú evidence of a genfeman.   I *™7J*r* "d
u,„mpn  ho wear coKeis that are not Iadies and,
wtmen who wear coese
indeed, it is se «nomo 
for women to wear cqr.
