SS
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cono.......1st Sess.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Duncan.
Jan. 1840.
H. of Reps.
depravity and politcal corruption. But, sir, as
precedehts are in such high demand, we will ex-
hibit a few more. It has been iierated and reite-
rated, over and over, that the whole table of precs-
dents, ancient and modem, is in favor of receiving
the certified members in this case. Sir, I am not
going to risk my carcass and health, by going into
the damp, unwholesome vapors of the tombs ot an-
t quity, fit only for a toad or a snake to inhale, and
mingle with the spirits of the dead, to hunt np pre-
cedents; bat 1 will exhibit what I have found above
ground, and those of modern times. I hold in my
hand a book, containing all the casas of contested
elections since the organization of this Government,
worth recording. It is a large book; it contains
one thousand and twenty-five pases. I have
turned over everv page of this big book. It is full
of contested elections. I have examined the points
upon which every case it contains turn?, and the
principle upon which each case has been decided;
and I now asstrl, lhat there is not a decision be-
tween its lids lhat will warrant the reception of ihe
certifica e members to their seats, and I challenge
successful contradiction. It is full of precedents
that either expressly or impliedly sus'ain the claims
of those members wiih ihe err ified poll books,
showing that they have a raaj >r ty of the votes. 1
will re,,d one or two. Trie first to which I will
ask your attention is the case of Spalding against
Meade, p. 157. Ths point upon which this ca«e
turned h:
"Congress is, by the Constitution, the exclusive judge of the
elections and returns, as well as the qualifications of its mem-
bers, and the returns from the Stale authorities are prima
facie evidence only of an election, and are not conclusive on the
Houst."1
1 will ask 3 cur attention to another. It is the
case of Malo y against Meir>ll, p. 328. The
point upon which lYe decivo i trjinfd .nth'scage il:
"Votes fairly givfn to a party may be counted in his
favor, thougn they have wcít been retui«ed to the proper
State authorities; the dclauitof are'.urn not being chaigeable
U; on such party."
One more case, sir, if you can have patience,
and I wi.l tioable you no mote with prece lents.
It is the case of B.ddle and Richard against Wing,
p. 504.    In this case it was decided tha-:
"The officers of the difierent election districts must certify
the result to the commissioners, and they must certify to the
Governor. They are ail ministerial officers, and error com-
mitted by any ol them, eithf-r through mistake or design, is to
be corrected by the Bouse."
One more, sir, strikes my nvnd that is in point:
Messrs. Dickerson and his associates present you
the certifica'e of thí £e-.;etry of Sute, showing
that they have the majoiit/ ot ail the voles polled
at the eection of which they claim to be elected;
but this is contended not to be sufficient evidence.
Messrs. Claiborne and Gholson, members from
Mississippi for the Twenty-filth Congre.-s, appeared
at the commencement of the extra session of that
Congress, and claimed their se3ts. it was object-
ed lhat the evidence of their election was not suffi-
cient. (I ihmk they had the certificate of the Se-
cretary of State.)
Mr. Mercer of Va. offered the following, viz:
"Resolved, That sufficient evidence has not been afforded to
this House that John F. Claiborne anil Samuel J Gholson aie
lawfully entitled to seals therein."—Jovr. Ex. Ses.p. 4
The resolution was debated. The question
was laid on the table by an overwhelming
majority, and Messrs. Claiborne and Ghol-
son took their srats. So, sir, here is an ad-
mission of members on the ceitificate of the Secre-
tary of State, and here ends the chapter, with me,
on jtreeedents.
But, sir, we have been told, in tones of triumph,
that   New Jersey  has confirmed   the   fact  that
Messrs. Atcbigo and company were elected at the
Ocober election in 1833,by electing a Whig majority
to both branches of the State Leg slature in 1839;
and this fact is paramount evidence that Messrs.
Atckigg and company are entitled to their seats in
this Congress.   Yes, this is the highest evidence that
can  be demanded that Mr, Dickerson and his
associaies are not the choice of a majority of the
people of New Jersey.   Sir, when I received the
news of the Federal victory in New Jersey last fall,
I rejoiced at it.   Such w<is the oveiflowicg tide of
Democratic succr ss over every part and portion of
the Union, that 1 feared the consequences. I dreaded
that apa'hy which never fails to seize the unsus-
pecting Democracy upon universal victory.   I was
afraid that they would be overtaken and overthrown
by an enemy that r.ever sleeps, befoie they could
be awakened to a sense of their danger. Knowing,
as I oil, that the whole power of Fedcrahsm,
with all its means, will be brought to bear upon
the con'est now commenced, I felt rejoiced
that we had met wiih a temporary deeat, which
could do no serious injury to our cause, but which
would serve to keep, at least, otir sentinels from
sleeping at their post. I thought and reasoned as
did Philip of Macedón, when he heard, in the
¿pace of one hour, of his success in the chariot
rates in the Olymph games, the victory of his
troops in a great battle, and of the birth of his son
Alexander. The Pagan raised h s eyes and his
hands towards heaven, and prayed, "Oh, ye gods !
send me some sl'ght misfortune, that I may not be
overconce w.ih this overflowing torrent of good
news, and, lest some great misfortune overtake
me." These were mv fee ings and my reflections
when I heard of the Whig victorv of Ntw Jer ey.
Bat, sir, we have seen the fatal effects of political
apathy by successive victory, in our own time and
country. History furnish'-s us with many fa al
disasters, both of a po'iiica' and military character,
from the same cause. The immortal Hannibal
was successful in his long and arduous march
from New Carthage to the Rhone. H; was suc-
cessful in i>s perilous passage, and in conquer-
ing those who were prepired to contend againsi
htm. He was successful in ascending the
Alps, whose snow-covered tops seemed to
reich the skies, and in routing the Gauls «ho de-
fended their passe*. His civalry successfully
fought and routed the Roman horse on iheTicenus.
The fields of Trebfa yie'ds dhim victory; the Ro-
man troops of Trra;ymine fell before him or fled
like the tumid hind. Cannx p-oolaimed him vic-
tor, and the rl-'ins of ltt'v were his Tr.e wal's
of f orne shook, and her ci'adtl tiembl d at his
name. But now the fatal effects of ursch'cked
success and unmixed victory seized h'm. Now,
said Maharbal, is oar time to take R< me; her
gates will oren to us. I will thinii of that, said
Hanuiba'. Lulled by a mistaken s^curiiy, which
(■omtt'mes bese s t! e most vigilant in successful
career,he took his winter quarters in C<ipua, where
his troops rioted in the fa-hionable indulgences of
that opulent c¡ty,on the rich spoils of the conquered
enemy. But when ¡hi spring campa gi cprned,
lb. y were no lonrer the hardy soldiers of Hanni-
bal; their b'avir/ and itivincib'e courage, and
their c-iptcty ¡or toil and lauque, «era exchange!
for softness and efl^mnacy, the offspiing of idle-
ness and luxury, snd their love of order and sub-
ordination for contemptuous mutiny, supineness,
and ir.eguiaiity; and, with all these, sunk the
power of ever takirg Rome—the glory of II?nnibal
tarnished, and his name made less immortal. Such,
sir,is the fdte of ihose who rest in secu/ity upon suc-
cess and vie ory. I r"pea', I tho"ght and reasoned
as dd Phillip when I heard of the Whig \ictoiy
of New Jersey. But, sir there was no Whg victory.
S r, I deny ihe posit on in fact and in princple.
I deny that the fact lhat the Federalists have a
majority in the piesent LezVature is any evidence
that a majouty of ih-i p?op!e of New Jersey are in
favor of the certificate numbers, and I deny that a
majority of the voters <f tSew Jer>ey have placed
a Federal major ty in ihe Legislature. I acknow-
lelge that thf re is a Federal majority in the Legis-
lature, and I will account for it. Members of
Congress i n New Jer ey are elected by general
ticket. Members of the Legislature and of the
Council are elected by ccunties and districts.
The Federalists have had the sscendancy in the
State Legislature for two years, and it is a well known
fact lhat no small part of their time and ingenuity
have been devoted to districting the State so as to
favor their party, and always secure a Federal ma-
jority in the L«gislature; and so well have they
succeeded that a Federal Legi lature may be, and
has> been, elected by the present district system,
while there is a large majority of Democratic vo-
ters in the Slate. Sir, as I have not taken a posi-
tion, nor asserted a (act, but what I have or can
maintain, so I proceed to maintain this, vte: that
so far from the Govcrtor being sustained in h s
corrupt course, an overwhelming majority of the
people of New Jersey have expressed their disap-
probation and indignation at it. Sir, the increased
Democratic majority, of the recent elections, over
the Democratic majority of 1838, is near two thou-
sand votes. Here is the proof; heie are ihe facts
and figures; read for yourself. Here is a table
which shows the Democratic majorities and Whig
majorities in the several counties, in 1838 and
1839. Here they are; you can run and read:
1839.                     1838.
Dem maj. Whig. maj. Dem.maj. Whigmaj
Bergen,              351                    225
Passaic,                           106                     254
Essex,                            1015                    1561
Morris,                            154                      224
Sussex              1033                   1639
Warren,           2375                    955
Hun'erdon,       2226                    934
Somerset,                         163                      150
Middlesex,                         76                     268
Mercer,                           £45                      2e9
Monmouth,        515                     228
Burlington,                      325                      525
Gloucester,                      273                      505
Atlantic,            230                     162
Sa'em,                144
Cumberland,                     29
Cape May,                       125                      265
6874
2516
2516
4353
Democratic majority in 1838
"           "        " 1839
4179
4041
138
4041
4179
6874
Showing a gain in favor of 1839 of            2675
There may be some errors in the published
return , from which these abstracts are taLen, but
none to vary the estimated majority materially.
But farther, sir, in many of the counties having
large minorities of Democratic voters no test was
made; the Whig candidates were not opposed, and
of course, the Democratic votes not polled. It is
justly presumed, that if there had been opposing
candidates in every instance, the popular Demo-
cratic majority would have been over four thou-
sand. What has become of your vaunted asser-
tion, now, sir, "that the people of New Jersey in tfcrir
recent elections have sustained the Governor and hit
Council." These tables show.
Sir, the Governor in his so called opinion to
the Privy Council—though it better deserves the
cognomen of a paltry, whining, pining, hypocritical
apology to the community, for the fraud he has
practised upon them—I say, in that opinion, he
submits and answer* ihe following proposition:
" But it will be ask'd with force and propriety, is a
Candidate to lose his seat in Congress, because
a county clerk does not make a return of the votes?
Certainly not. If, through inadvertence, or by de-
sign, any vo'es have not been íeturned by the
clerks, it is in the power of the House of Represent'
atives, in their discretion, to allow those vote*, and
give the seat to the person who wiih those votes
may be elected," &c. Now, sir, it will be re-
membered that the Governor, in another part of
his opinion, lays that he can act only on there-
turns that are made in time. He cannot look
behind the clerks' returns, etc. but recommends
the contestors—whom, he admits, have "a majority
of all the votes in the State," and that he has the te-
turns before him, which show the fact, but he can
only act on those rhat have been made in tim«*—
to applv to the Hou>e of Representatives for relief,
etc. Well, sir, the contcs'ors are here, and make
the advised application; and how have they been
me ? Why, sir, the Opposition, taking the cue
from the Governor, say, we can do nothing- for
you; we can't look behind the Governor's certificate.
What incomparable stuff! what superlative so-
phistry ! The only respect due to it is to treat' it
with the contempt it merits, and that is silence. Sir,  
I ihink New Jersey is "¡old to the Dutch." No, i
not to the Dutch—I wish it was—the Dutch are
Democratic. Swamped in the vocative! Hee's
over head?in the|Federal mire! The State districted i
so as at all times to secure a Federal majority in
the Legis'ature and Council.   And now for the,  -<
