f
$Mb.l84<h
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIOÑAT, GLOBE.
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Duncan.
59
H. of lieps.
powers of the Legislature.   What are they?   Why,
by the Constitution of New Jersey, the Legislature
makes the Governor, and to them alone is he re-
sponsible; the Legislature makes ths Judiciary; the
Legislature makes the county clerk?, and the Coun-
cil, or so many of them as the Governor may see
proper to select, (not less than three.) makes the
Governor's Privy Council.   What prospects have
the Democracy of ever raising their heads, though
their majority at this time of the popular vote per-
haps is not less than four thousand.
A Federal Legislature will always make a Fedc-
i    ral Governor; a Federal Governor will always ex-
j    pend bis patronage on Federalists; & Federal Go-
vernor will always select a Federal Council; a
Federal Council will always advise the advance-
ment of Federal men, Fedeial measures, and Fede-
ral institutions; a Federal Legislature will make
all their appointments of judges and county clerks
from the creatures of their own party, and they
will never fail to carry down the principle to ap-
pointments within iheir gift.   What have you left
n w?   Why, you have but one standard around
which yon can rally—one loop on which to hang a
hope—the name of but one State official Democrat
(    to d*ell upon your lips, and that name is James
D. Westcott, Secretary of Stite; and jun as soon
is his time expire?, he will walk the chalk, for be,
too, is elected by  the Lrgislature.   The only rem-
nant of practical franchise you have left, is the
power you have to elect by general ticket your
Representatives to Congress.   But do not be flat-
tered with this hope; it is an idle dream, a vain
delusion, and will avail you nothing; for if you
succeed in giving your Democratic candidates "a
majority of all the voles," a Federal county clerk
will refuse to make returns in rime, a Federal Go-
vernor wil', in  violation  of  the law, refuse to
send   for   them,   and   they   not   being  returned
in time, he will not act on them.    "He cannot look
hhind the clerk's returns."     He will give the certi-
ficates to the Federal candidates, who have a ma-
jority of vot-s returned in time.     Your Demoratic
candidates who may have "a majority of all the
totes," in   conformity  with   your  constitutional
right', will attend with certified copies of the poll
books, showing that they have been elected by a
clear and undisputed majority; but they will be
net at the threshold of this hall, and told—gentle-
men, gn home, we can   do noshing for you, we
cannbt look behind the Governor's certificate and
theirooi seal.     Democrats of New  Jersey, have
you really thought of your situation? If you have
hot, it is time for jou to wake up and do yourslves
justice—it is doe to yourelves that you should do
so.   It is due to the services and memory of your
ancestors; bat above all, it is due to those who will
come after you, that you transmit to them the free-
'   dom of the elective franch'se, as pure £nd unem-
barrased as it devendel to you.
Sir, had I the voice of thunder, I would speak
in peals, to ihe ear of every lover of human l.berty
in New Jers-y, to rally to the standard of his con-
stitutional and equal right, and nerve himself to the
overthrow of Federal despotism, that is now over-
shadowing the free institutions of his State, a'id
corraptjng the fountains of the elective franchise.
S r, appeal after appeal, and appeals upon ap-
peal , have been made to the State rights pa1 ty
here; ana they asked, in pretended and hypocriti-
cal patriotic tones, if they will stand by and see the
brood seal of a State mutilated, and her sovereignty*
dishonored.   The S:ate Rights party has leen vo-
ciferated already, until it has become a hackneyed
Íhrase.   I suppose the State Rights party are to
e the jacks upon which every demagogical trash
is to be packed during this session.   Sir, I have
Riven fome little attention to the subject of State
Righs doctrines, and my application has led me to
the conclusion,
1.  That the Federal Government can exercise
no power not expressly authorized by the Consti-
tution.
2.  Tnat ihe States can do every thing (not mo-
rally wrong) which is not expressly prohibited
by the Constituiion.
3.  That the Government has no power to raise
a revenue to the amount of one dollar over and
 bove what is wanted for the support of the Go-
vernment, in the exercise of the powers for which
it was created.
4.  That the Federal Government was formed
for the purposes of national defence, as well to the
suppression of internal dissensions as foreign inva-
sion, and for no other.
5.  That, in the forma'ion of laws for the pur-
poses of revenue, the strictest principles of equality
should be sacredly observed; and no system should
be established which would, in its operations, be-
nefit one part of the Union to the injury of another.
6.  That whatever powers the Federal Govern-
ment possesses were surrendered by the States, and
are limited within the letter of the Constitution,
which is the evidence of that surrender.
7.  That whatever powers were not^so expressly
surrendered, were reserved to the people and the
States.
8.  That a violation of any or all of these prin-
ciples, is a violation of the Constitution—an in-
fringement of the rights of the peopk,anda sub-
version of the free institutions and sovereignty of
the States, affected by such violation.
9.  That the sovereignty of a State consists in the
full enjoyment on the part of the people of all pow-
ers, civil and religious, not surrendered to the
Federal Government; and more ¡especially the
free exercise and full benefit of that mast valuable
and sacred of all principles, the freedom of the
elective franchise.
10.  That, in the constitutional exercise of power
by this House, over the returns, qualification's, and
elections of its members, the inviolable preservation
of free sufrage should be its first and h'ghest ob-
ject, as the only means by which the rights of the
people can be secured, in the exercise of their so-
vere;gnty. And the-e, sir, are Mo^es and the ten
commandments, which I have extracted from t'ie
sacred book of State rights.
Now, sir, if these are State Rights doctrines I
am a State R ghts man; and I hereby attach my
band, and affix my seal, and swear upon the altar
to maintain them. But I have yet to learn that the
sovereignty of a Slate, and the freedom and inde-
pendence of her people, have their existence in the
certificate of a Governor, which is no more than
prima facie evidence of a fact, sometimes of a false-
hood, and his seal, wh'ch only evidences his official
character. This is a new and late addition to the
dodnne of State Rights, and I undertake to say
not recogni eJ as oribodox by the party; and, sir,
cal's upon the State Rights party to sus'ain such
a doctrine as this, will be as vain as the call of
Dives upon Lazarus. They will be unanswered
by every Sta'e Rights man who properly under-
stands-the creed of h's profession, and whose doc-
trines are not in market.
Sir, the deadly stab that the free suffrage has re-
ceived by the hand of Governor Pennington and
his Privy Council is not confined in its operations
and withering effects to the people and the institu-
tions of New Jersey; it is general and wide in its
eperations; it spreads pestilence, sickne-s, death,
and desoí üion to the elective franchise and fiee in- ¡
st tutions of other States and other people.   So in- ¡
terwoven and identified are the principles, political   ,
and civil, of all the States and people of this broad
spread Union, and such is the uniformity of prin-
ciple upon which they are  based, that a violation
of any one native or political right or privilege of
a fundamental character never fails to have a cor-
respond ng effect upon the whole, and more espe-
cially when so important and vital a principle as
that of the elective franchise receives a wound, the
whole political frame, Federal and State, is for a
time palsied.   Why is it that we have a volcanic
ag'tation here, whenever any order is attempted to
be taken in beha'f of modern AboIhionisnV?   It is
not because gentlemen who reprcent the South of
the slave States feel an abstract interest in favor of
ihe perpetuity of slavery in the District of Colum-
bia, or the bondage of the enslaved population
within it.   No; I have no doubt but  what their
private and individual feelings are against both;
but it is because they look upon the effort to abo-
lish slavery  in the District as an rfficious inter-
meddling on the part of those who are attempting
it, incompatible with the reserved rights and sove-
reignty of the States, and a direct effort of the people
of other States to overthrow the institutions of theirs.
They look upon it, and not without reason and just
suspicion, as an entering wedge lo ihe introduction
of other innovations, and ihe exercise of other
powers, that may control and prostrate the insti-
tuii >ns o( the South which may not be/«AionaWe ia
the North; and if entertained here, they have no
where to leok for security but in their own strength.
God knows, and my readers know, who have read
me, that I am no friend to slavery, but I am a
friend to the duration of this Union; and knowing,
as I do, and as all know, that this Union can be
perpetuated in no other way than by a strict adhe-
rence to the letter of the Consiiiution, the nar-
rowest possible exercise of Federal powers, the
broadest security of S-ate sovereign^, and the
most sacred observanca of the conditions uprn
which this Government was e^tíblu-hed, I must
ever feel my highest duty to sustain the latter,
while I have only the right and the feeling to de-
plore and lament the former. Whenever it is ihe
expressed wish of the people of the District of Co-
lumbia to abolish slavery within its limits, it will
gratify the most noble feeling of my heart to do my
part to carry ojt that wish; but, until then, 1 be-
lieve we have about as much right to interfere with
slavery here as we have to legislate on the mise-
rable condition and slavish bondage of the serfs of
Russia, or the boors of Denmark.
Yes, sir, the causes that give íise to the watchful
jealousy of the South, in relation to the woikings
of modern Abolitionism, illustrates the medium
through which trje elective franchise, throughout
this Union, has been wounded by the stab given
by Governor Pennington and his Privy Council.
But softly, gentlemen of the South—you of the
i modern Whig order. Your hurricanes on the iotro-
¡ duction of Abolitionism must come down to gemle
winds and s >ft shower--. Your late Harnsburg
Federal National Republican Whig Conventioa
has imposed on you, if not an Abolition candidate
fcr the next Presidency, a candidate of the Abolition
party, and with them you are ranked to fight
shoulder and elbow; so if it is your desire to con-
quer, yon must be moderate and yielding with your
new fritndi.
Mr. Speaker, ours is a Government of the people.
That is to siy, the people govern. They govern by
their representative, their judicial, their ministe-
rial, and their executive officers. The officers of
the-e different classes are but the political and pub-
lic servants of the people, and the people are ti.e r
sovereign principals or political master*. Prior to
the establishment of our Goverment the capacity of
man to govern himself, in a political sense, was a
gr*at problem, which had never been fairly and
fully solved. The Repub ics, as they weie called,
of Carthage, of Greece, of Rome, and some others
of the old world, were, in a republican sense, of
but a limited character.
The right of suffrage was not enjoyed to its full
extent. There were various despotic and aristo-
cratic restraints, checks, and balances thrown
around and interwoven in all their political institu-
tions, inrompaiib'e with a free government if the
people. Under the government of the old world,
ihere were no people who ma ntained longer their
free institu ions, such as they were, than did the
Carthaginians. None were better balanced and
secured wi!h checks than were the political institu-
tions of that Republic. Yet their constitutions,
customs, and laws contained within themselves
the seeds of destruction, and th.; principal of these
were the res'raiots upon the freedom of the elec-
tive franchise and ti.e circumscribed rignt of the
people to hold offices. The possession of property
constituted the qualifications in both cases.
The consequence was, that patriotism, taíents
aDd virtue were disregarded or overlooked,.which
was sufficient of itself to seduce and corrupt ~tí^6
whole community, and prostrate whatever national
freedom they enjoyed. It was the abuse jpfitbe
elective franchise, and the restraints thrown wpund
it, that finally subvertid the Government. It was
the same restraints, and the same abuse, wbicn
enabled ihe overgrown nobles to oppress ihe pubic
liberty of Athens, Syracuse, Coiioth, Thebes, ana
overthrew Rome itself, under Scylla and Cresar.
Rome long struggled with the powers cf wealth,
