60
APPENDIX TO THE CONGUIÉSSIOKAL &10BE.
26th Coho....1st Sess.
Neio Jersey Question—Mr. Dromgoole.
Dec. 1838.
H. of Reps.
bribery and corruption practised by the patricians,
and those in power and those striving to obtain
power. But at last, by reckless ambition, and re-
gardless Tiolation of that palladium of liberty,
the elective franchise, she was overcome and sacri-
ficed at their shrine. Her death straggle survived
four hundred years. What must have bwn her
strength in her v.'gor of health? Our gallant and
brave ancestors, who founded this Government
upon their own victories, gained on fields of
blood, were not ignorant of the history of the
wotld of man, and of the subversion and downfall
of all the Republics that had ever existed before
them. They were familiar with the melancholy
tale that di*clcsed the fatal effects of a limited suf-
frage and the abuses of the elective franchise by
the boundless and reckless ambition of those
in power, and those in pursue of power.
They e-tablished a free Government of ihe peo-
ple with a trembling hand and fearful apprehen-
sions. Hence the apostolic, pa'ernal and patriotic
care with which our political fabric is framed;
hence the jealous care with which all its parts are
guarded; and none were intended to be guarded
with so much vigilance as that of suffrage, and the
free exercise ot the tl-ciive franchise—knowing,
as they did, and as experience will piove, that the
duration of ihe work of their hands, and the p-r-
pemity of the human liberty they had purchased
with their blood and toil, must depend upon the
sacred and inviolate preservation of that franchise
in its pristine ponty. Sir, a due reverence for the
Revolutionary «pirit that wa'ks (though unseen)
amongst us—a reverence fjr the memory of the
patriots of that Revolution which overthrew the
crown, and broke the crorier that enslaved the
body and imprisored the soul—a proper regard to
our own hghest inte-ests, and above all, that
sacred obi gation that rests upon us to transmit to
those who are to come a(t?r ns uncontam nated
the boon which has been transmitted to us—im-
periously demand that we should suffer no vio-
lence to that most sacred of ail our in«titutions,
the elective franchise. But, sir, in the face of
these obligation?, which we have no power to can-
cel at our own will, we have seen fearful and
alarming innovations as well opon the domains of
the CoBstitut on as upon the freedom of the elec-
tive franch'se. Sir, we have s? en this Govern-
ment shaken with earthquake violence, from its cen-
tre to its circumff ríncc, and our five insti'u'ions
reel and totier l>ke a drunken man, by a reck e-s
disregard of the s-anctity of the Constitution, and
violat ng the freedom of the r ght of suffrage.
Avarice, ambition, and a love of power—which in
their nature are reckless as to every other interest
except their own—have been the instrument  by
which all Republcs that have gjne before us have
been prostrated and consigned *o the dust.
Sir, at the formation of our Government, there
was a party who denied to the people the integrity,
intelligence, stability,   and virtue   necessary for
self-government.    Sir, such  a denial is a slander
npon the human family, and degradmg to him who
make; it; but such was the fact.   And the same
party have, from the commencement of our na-
tional career, to this time, been unsparing in their
effoits to carry oat in principie,what they had not the
power 10 establish n practice, viz: anything but a
Republican Government, free institutions, and equal
rights.   It was said by the same party, that all the
Repobles had been ovetthrown by the seditions of
the people, and ours would  share the same fate;
and such would be the fate of every Government
of the many.   Not so, sir; they have a 1 been over-
thrown by the ambition, avarice, and   love   of
power of the few—for want of a sufficient portion of
the control of Government in the hands of the
many.   Sir, that same aristocratic spirt which has
ever characterzied a want of confidence in the Vir-
tue and intelligence of the people, and a disregard
for their political rights has been boldly manifested
in this contest, in ihe unexampled and desperate
effort to secure seats in this Congress, to the mem-
bers of Governor Pennington, and his Privy Coun-
cil, to the exclusion of the   members of th;   sove-
reign people of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I am no advocate for capital pa-
it.   I have been disposed to doubl the right
I
of any Government, or any political human esta-
blishment or association, to inflict it. I have been
induced to give much weight and character to that
dixit of the Almighty, by the mouth of his prophet,
that "««ngeanee is mine." But if th're is any crime
of which man is capab'e, for which death ought to
be inflicted, it is that of treason against his Gjvern-
meni; and if there is any grade or comparison in
treason, it seems to me that a wilful and corrupt
violation of the elective franchise is superlative trea-
son. If there is any one crime against the Go-
vernment involving a principle of treason more
alarming and dangerous than another, it is such a
violation. If there is any one crime of treason that
more deserves the curse of Goá, and the universal
execration ol man, more than another, it i* the
treasonable crime of violating the purity of the
elective franchise, and trampling in the dust the
voice of a free people.
Mr. Speaker, since the organization of our Go-
ve'nment there never has been so flagrant an
abuse of the elective privilfgj presented for the
consideration 0f this Hou-e, or any other legisla-
tive body. It is the right of this body to take such
ord r as the extremity of the case demands. It is
the duty of the House, as far as possible, to pre-
vent the repetition of such a case hereafter.
The workers of this base iniquity should receive
the brand of infamy that should point them out to
all living, as execrable outcasts, while they are
permitted to linger out their degraded live=, and
stamp 'heir memory indelibly with infamy through
all time to come, as an example to the reckless
wretch who might so far forget his sacred obliga-
tion' as to be disposed to perpetrate a like treason.
Our duties to the injure!, insulted, and outraged
people of New Jersey, demand that we should
lake *uch an ordtr. The obligations we owe
to oursehe*, in common w.th those we represent,
and those who are to follow us, demand it. The
Constitution, and the solemn oath we have
taken to support that Constitution, and defend
it inviolate, demand it; and, above all, the
obligat'on of patriotism, religion, and morality,
which we have made uncompromising by our
app-oach to the thr ne of eternal justice and
divine accountabi'ity, when we took the solemn
oath, in the presence of God, and confirmed it with
uplifted hands or the kiss of His holy wori, binds
us to take «uch order as shall forever again pro-
tect the ha'lowsd eausí of tbe elective franchise
from the pollute 1 footstep of the bemyer of human
liberty, and co nipt atid reckleis demagogue.
Let us, therefore, this time, divest our skirts of that
putv spirit which seems to have overshadowed the
brightest prospects of our country, and swallowed
in its vortex those religions, moral, and patriotic
ob'igations, upon the sacrej observance of which
alone re^t the duration of our Government and
the stabilitiy of our free institutions, and with
one voice and with one action meet the ca*e,
and dispose of it as the highest interest of par com-
mon country demands.                           /
SPEECH OF Mlty DROM0OOLE,
Op Virginia,
In the House ef Representative*, Deceéktr 14, 1839-
On the New Jersev difputed ele/tion, in reply to
Mr. Sergeant, of Pejfrnsylvani
Mr. DROMGOOLE observed/ that he had not,
at any preliminary stag  of the,proceedings on the
subject of the New Jersey election, gone into the
merits of the controversy, beoause he believed that
the w hole discussion heretofore had been prema-
ture, and could have no\ fher effect than to pre-
judge the matter in dispute, and to forestall the
opinions of the House and of the public, before the
evidence was submitted to a regular and impartial
examination. His opinion had been, from the
first, that they ought to go into an investigation of
this question of disputed right to seats in this Hall
by a committee, who should make report of the
facts and the evidence adduced in support of
them. That then both parties—both rets of claim-
ants should bs permitted to appear at the bar,
should be heard in defence and vindication of their
respective claims—according to the language used
in the British House of Commons, should deliver
their cases, ore ienu ; after which this House should
solemnly and impartially exercise the power con-
ferred by the Constitufon of judging of the elec-
tions, returns, and qualifications. But gentlemen on
the other side seemed desirous to jump over all in-
quiry, to reject from their view and their con-
sideration all confliGting and adversary testimony,
and arbiirari'y restricting themselves to the com-
missions of the Governor of New Jersey, to decde
that those who held them should take their seats
as a matter of course, and without question. They
were called upon to decide that these commissions
were conclusive, as to the r>ght of the gentlemen to
take their seats, and that, therefore, the right to
qualify and lake seats cannot be controverted. And
gentlemen had alsi urged, in all the previous dis-
cussions, ihe imperfect state of the organization of
the House, as a reas n why it could not enter into
any examination affect ng the validity of these
commissions. It was boldly assumed that, although
assembled here in our appropriate pla^e of meet-
ing, at the time p escribsd by the Constitution and
the law, and thu although the House is tobe com-
posed of members chosen by the people of the seve-
ral States, yet that any person holding a comm ssion
or return, in the form prescribed by the law of the
State to be given to those elected by the people,
may, of right, conclusive and unquestionable, take
his seat, and patticipa'e in the organization; and
that after, and not before the organization, may
you inquire how this certificate or commission was
obianed, and whether it has been truly given, ac-
cording to the result of the election.
But gentlemen can no longer avail themselves
of the diffkulty arising from want of organiza-
tion. We are, said Mr. D. organized; we have a
Speaker to preside over our deliberations; we have
Ulten the oath preserib d to us by the Const.tution;
and surely there would stem to be no obstacle to
prevent us from making a full examination of all
the evidence, and of deciding the case upon its
merit . Although fully convinced that it was com-
petent for the House to decide immediately, dis-
pensing with the intervent on of a committee, yet
he believed that such a course would be prema-
ture, and not so well calculated to promote fai -
ness and impartiality, as to await an examination
into all the facts atid evidence by a committee,
and their report thereupon. With such impres-
sions of the proper nude of action, Mr. D. said
he would not then go into an examination of the
whole question; but some of the propositions of
the learned gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Se°geant,] were, to his mind, so abhorrent to the
principles of the Constitution, and so contrary to
the current of precedents, that he felt constrained
to meet them at the threshold. He undíisood
that gentleman to maintain that he could only look
to the State of New Jersey, in this instance, acting
in its corporate or organic capacity. Now he ut-
terly denied that the doctrines of the gentleman
were in accordance with the Cons'i ution, and he
called upon him to look into that instrument itself
to see what authority it gave for that assumption.
Before, howev«r, going into an examination of
this part of the gentleman'  argument, he would
premise a few remarks, in order that they might
arrive at a better understanding of the subject.
We often, said Mr. D. avoid much confusion, and
reason with more precision, when we understand
alike the terms which we use, and, in the course
of debate, attach te them the same meaning. It
was known to the Speaker, who, from his infancy,
had beei educated in the political school of the
State Rights party, who had ever, with them, main*
tatoed that the States are parties to the Federal
compact—that this term, "State," is used in three
diffetent senses. He would respectfully refer gen-
tlemen to the celebrated report of Mr. Madison,
made to the Legislature of Virginia, in explanation
and vindication of the resolutions which had, St
th* previous session, been offered by John Taylor,
of Caroline. The term "State," said Mr, D. some-
times meant the territory comprehended within
certain geographical limits. We speak of the
boundaries of a State, and we speak of going into
Virginia or Maryland. It sometimes meant the
whole machinery of   the State   Governments.
