Bee 18S9.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
S&TH C0NG«««l9T SbSS.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Dromgoole.
H. of Reps.
throush the agency of which the affairs of the State,
cf political community thus organized, were con-
<kicied and administered.   It also meant the people
composing the political communities within their
nspeetively defined limits.    The peopie,  within
the territorial limits,  respectively, constitute  an
«dependent political community.   In this sense,
this political community is a sovereign State, and
in this sense, each sovereign Slate is a party to the
Federal compact.   The term "Sute," therefore,
was sometimes applied to territory; sometimes to
the organized Sta'e Government, (and t'.eu we
view it acting in i's erganic form,) and sometimes
to the people, in their high and sovereign cha-
racter. The State Governments, as such, the States
in their organic forms, whatever they might have
been under the articles of Confederation, are not
parties to the compact, from which are derived all
the powers of the Federal Government.    The
States of New Jertey, Virginia, and the other
members of the Confederacy, in their sovereign
capacity, the people, who inhabit certain defined
territories, who compose   free and   independent
communities, are parties to the Federal compact,
which they, in the exercise of their sovereignly,
adopted and ratified.*   Do not tell me then [said
Mr. D.) that we are opposed to State Rights, when
we contend that the organic form of a State shall
not be substituted for its real sovereignty; when we
maintain that the operations of the machinery of
the State Government sba'l not be employed to
defeat or misrepresent the will of the sovereign
people, in cases, in which this House, by a solemn
compact, between ail the parties, is constituted
•ale judge.
With these distinctions in view, he would re-
spectfully invite the attention of trie distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania to the identical lan-
guage employed by the Constitution: "The House
of Representatives shall be composed of members
chosen every second year." By whom, sir? By
the States, acting as organic bodies—known to us
only in the capacity of organic bodies? No, sir:
but "by the people of the several States." And
now, sir, take this provision of the Constitution in
connection with the passage read by the gentle-
man, [Mr. Sergeant:] "The number of Repre-
sentatives shall not exceed one for every thirty
thousand, but each State shall have at least one
Representative; and, until such enumeration shall
be made, the State of New Hampshire shall be
entitled to chow three, Massachusetts eight," 4c.
Here, then, it is said that the "Statu" shall choose
•Since the delivery of the above remarks, re-
course has been had to Mr. Madison's Report, and
an extract is here subjoined containing the com-
mentary upon that part of Taylor's thi d resolution
which expresses that the States are parties to the
Constitution or compact.   "The other position in-
volved in th:s branch of the resolution, namely,
'that the States are parties te the Const.tu ion or
compact,' is, in the judgment of the committee,
equally free from objection.   It is indeed true, that
the term *3tates' is sometimes Ui>ed in a vague
sense, and sometimes in different sense*, according
to the subject to which it is applied.   Thus, it
sometimes means the separate sections of territory
occupied by the political societies within  each;
Kunetimes ihe particular governments, established
by tho:e societies; sometimes those societies, as or-
ganized into those particular government;  and
lastly, it means the people composing those poli-
tical societies, in their highest sovereign capacity.
Although it might be wished that the perfection of
language admitted less diversity in the signification
of the sime words, yet lit le inconvenience is pro-
duced by it, where the true sense can be collected
with certainty from the different applications.   In
the pre^m instance, whatever different construc-
tion of the term 'States' in the resolution may
have been entertained, all will at least concur m
that last mentioned; because, in that sense, the
Constitution was submitted to the 'States;' in that
«ense the 'Stales' ratified it; and in that sense of
the term 'States,'they are cousequen'ly parties to
tt  compact from which the powers of the Federal
wovernment íesult."
R«presentatives; and in the passage which he (Mr.
D.) bad previously cited, it is dec'ared that the
members shall be chosen by the people of the several
Stales.   The term "State," therefore, is not used,
as is contended by the gentleman, to denote a I
mere organic  body; but the term   "State"  (in i
speaking of the representation to which it is enti-
tled) means the people composing the political
society, in their highest  sovereign   capacity—in
thatcapacity in which the "State" became a member  '
of the compact, and, as a  member of the com-
pact, under its terms and provisions, became en-
tit'ed to its apportionment of representation.   With
respect to the Senate, the Constitution siys "The
Sena'e of the United States shall be composed of
two Senators from each State, chosen  by the Le-
gitlalure thereof," &c.   Here  (said Mr.  D.) is
shown the distinción between the two bodies. The
House of Representatives is based upon the doc-
trine of popular representation—a direct and im-
mediate representation ot the people.   This branch
of the Legislature therefore constitutes a popular
feature in the Federal Government, which, never-
theless, in its Character, is mainly federative. Bur,
in bestowing on it this feature of popular repre-
sentation, the distinction of separate State sove-
reignties is still preserved, for the members are to
be chosen "by the peophrof the several States;" thus,
even in a direct popular representation, carefully
excluding the idea of consolidation.   He saw his
venerable colleague (alluding to Mr. Taliaferro)
smile; he hoped it was the smile of approbation,
for, in former times, (said Mr. D.) he fully con-
curred in these great doctrines of the State Rights
party.
In looking into the "returns" of the New Jersey
elections, even if we should go behind the great
seal, we shall be guilty neilherof a violation of the
Constitution, nor of ihe rights of the State of New
Jersey; but, on the contrary, in contending for the
right of the people to elect their Representatives,
and in denying Ihe power of the Governor, by vir-
tue of commissions, even with the broad seal at-
tached, to substitute in the'r stead those not "efco-
 en," we are vindicating the rights of the State as
a sovereign memKer of the Confederacy, and are
carrying out the Federal ompart in its fullest ex-
tent, and according to its true interpretation. We
inquire, whom have the people elected to! repre-
sent them—whom have they 'cfcosen" as "mem-
bers" of this Housel and whether the persons, thus
chosen as members, have been duly returned? And,
in so doing, we commit no encroachment upon a
sovereign Stale, but we exerciie, on our part, a
clear Constitutional power, to prevent its rights
from becoming a sacrifice to the ignorance, mis-
takes, or fraud* of returning officers. He shou'd
like to know (said Mr. D.) from the learned
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Sergeant,)
or from any other member, -wnere it is that any
authority can be fouud to sustain the assump-
tion that the House of Represm'atives can-
not go behind ihe commissions of the Governor of
New Jersey with the great seal of Sta'e, in decid-
ing upon the elections, returns, and qualifications
of its members. He wholly denied that there
was any such authority in the Constitution or
laws, or in precedents found in parliamentary prac-
tice. He contended that the word "ieturns" was
general in its import; that it embraced all the re-
turns throughout the State, and carried with it
every question properly corn"Ced with them. We
have, ¿aid he, as much right to inqoi.e into the re-
turns of the vo'es of Millvtle and South Amboy,
which were suppressed by the clerks, as into the
commissions granted by the Governor. If gentle-
men doubted this, he would cite for them abundant
and satisfactory authority fiotn precedents of (his
House. Mr. D. here referred to the cas? of Spald-
ing and Meade, a case of contesed e'ection trum
the State of Georgia, decided in the first session^of
Ihe ninth Congress. In this case, under the laws
of the Stale of Georgia, ihe votes were required to
be returned within a limited time. The v^tes of
three entre counties were not returned within the
time prescribed by law, and the Governor felt it to
be his duty to «cm up those actually returned and
to give the certificate of election to Cowles Meade,
who had obtained a majority.   The seat was con-
tested by Thomas Spalding, who based  his right
upon the ground that it was the duty of the House
to go back to the returns of the votes ofTatnall,
Liberty, and Camden, which had not reached the
Executive in time lo be counted; that they were
not precluded from so doing by the Governor's cer-
tificate, becausj it was not conclusive evidence, but
prima facie only.   The Hou^e maintained the right
of Spalding, adjudged him the contested seat, be-
cause he had obtained  a majority of all the votes
given in the district,  which fact was made to ap-
pear by procuring the returns or evidence of tne
state of the polls in trie omitted counties.    The
House therefore decided that they  were not re-
stricted to the final return of the Governor, but
that,  under the power to judgá of the " returns,"
they had jurisdiction of the whole subject of re-
turn', the primary and inWmed.ate returns as well
as the ultimate.   All the returns  are links in the
same chain;   they are component patts of  ihe
whole. The laws of New Jersey require " return  "
to be made from the different precincts to the coun-
ty clerks.   They require the county clerks to make
"nturni" of the aggregate vote of each county ;
and they require the Governor to sum up all the
" r> turns," and to grant " commissions"of election
to the persons having the majority of the whole
number of votes.   The House, as we have seen,
gave Spalding the seat, counting the votes held
back, and holding that it was their right and duty
to do so, and that it was immaterial whether the
omission of the State authorities was caused by
Ihe act of God, or was the result of fraud, acci-
dent, or any thing else.
In conformity with ths precedent, this House
will go back and look into all the  "return*" from
I  the prccinct<, trace them through the county "re-
I  turna" into the Executive chamber, and inquire if
I  all have been transmitted, if they have b>-en cor-
rectly summed up, and it those having, in fact, re-
ceived a majority of votes, have also received the
Governor's commission.
Mr. D. also referred to the ca^e of David Bard
of Pennsylvania, decided in the fir t ession of the
Fouita Congress It does not appear that his seat
was conteste*!; but there was aa investigation into
the facts of the cass. The judges of e'ections
faileJ to meet and make their r.-turn in November,
as required by law; but they did meet in May fol-
lowing and make return of Bard; "held that ths
irregular.ty did not vitiate the election or leturn;"
and ihe committee tta'e, "that, in consequence of
the informality of the said return, it being the 1st
May, instead of the 15th November, the commit-
tee have ca led for and obtained the several county
returns, onwhich the dis'rict return was founded,
and have made an estimate of tbe votes, as they
appear lrom those re urns." According to the es-
timate made from those primary returns, it appeared
that David Bard had the greatest number of votes;
and the House sustained the report of the commit-
tee, declaring that he was entitled to his seat.
Here it was decided that the /a lure to make ie-
lurn in due t me does not affect the right to a seat;
and that re-ort may be had to the primary returns
to ascertain the/act of election.
Mr. D. next referred to the case of John Ri-
chards of Pennsylvania, which also'occurred in the
first session of the Foiiith Congress. Amongst
other ihtngs, it was settled in th.s case that "the
returns of votes, though not made within the time
required by ihe State law, are not on that account
to be rejected, provided the opportunity has been
allowed the Slate authorities to act upon them."
Now, sir, (*aid Mr. D ) according to this case, if
the returns of the vo'es given at Millville and
South Amboy ever reached ihe Executive of New
Jersey before the time at which he was required to
cast up the votes and issue h's commission*,  J-
though after the time prescribed to the county offr*
cers to make return, they "ought to have teen ref
ceived and estimated w th the o'her r^ turns.'' And
if the Governor has failed ihus ,oreceivefan]ur^ Or
mate votes, and inconsequence of such r^rnficife
omission, refuses or neglects to S'8nt ah been
to those who, by such estima e, "°al° h riEei.
entitled to it.'their right, according   *J¡¿fa,e'
pies of the case ju*t «ted, suffer no prej
