6*
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONALGLOBE.
26th Com *•••1st Sfss.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Dromgoole.
_Dec. 1839.
H. of Reps.
Mr. D. also referred to the case of Ma'lory and
Merrill, wh ch occurred in the fir<-t session of the
Sit eenth C ngres«. And in that case, amongst
other miters, it was seliled that "votes fairly giveu
to a party, may be counted in his favor, though
they have ntvtr been relumed to the p.oper State
authorities, the default of a return not bemS
charge able upon such party."
Mr. D sud ihathe took no pleasure in speaking
harshly of ihe Governor of a sovereign State; that
he would forbear any minute examination of the
dunes or conduct of Governor Pennington; and
that h>* should refrain from all cen«orious com-
ment. Heshould admit, for the sake of argument—
and gentlemen, in argument, were   welcome to
make the most of this admission—that the Governor,
tinder the Ijw  of New Jersey, could  not  have
acted otherwise, and  that he was constrained  to
give the commissions upon  an  estimate made of
the returns, excluding  the votes of Millvi le and
South Araboy.    But he woa'd emphahca'ly ask, if
it was not both the right and duty of this House to
count the votes ^o excluded '   Tnere were, he sup-
posed, at least for.y cases  m which  it had been
decided, that all the returns mizht be examined,
and that votes  regularly taken at the time, place,
and in the manner prescribed by law, ought to be
estimated heie, although not returned in  time  by
the   State   officers,   or   indeed   not   returned at
all.   And  was it ever seriously maintained that
this exercise of the power of judgin  of the returns
was disrespectful to the States, and  an  encroach-
ment upon their sovere gnty *   Why, lha House,
in such cases, interposes its constitutional power
for the parpase of giving efficacy to the laws of the
State and t f preventing them from being disre-
garded.   The Constitution dec ar?s that "the limes,
placs, and manner cf holdmg elections for Sena-
tors and Representatives   shall be prescribed  in
each State by the Legislature thereof; but the Con-
gress may, at any time, by law, make or alter
such regulations, except as to the p'aces of choos-
ing Senators."
Now, it is readily conceJed, that Congress, not
having made or altered the regulations for choosing
Representative?, this House is bound to observe
whatever statutes may have been enacted m the
several Sia'es as to the tim«, the places, and the
manner of holding elections for Representatives.
When the qualified voters have at the timet and
placet prescribed bylaw, attended an! given in
their vo'es, in the manner prescr bed by Uw, you
have then reached the po.nt at which State legisla-
tion, in reference to elections, ceases to be abso-
lutely binding, when it Io.es its character of eon-
elusive obligation.
After the votes have been thus received according
to tfce laws of the St ate, the election is completed;
and it remains to ascertain the result, to learn who
has been, in fret, elected. Here, then, commences
the unrestneted Cons ltutiona! power of the Hoose
"to judge of the election , returns, and qualifications
of its memters"—a power conferred by solemn
compact between the several State-', to be exerc sed
for the purpose of preserving inviol«teihe right of
\he people of each Sta'e to cho se members e*ery
second year, having- the qualifications required by
the Constitution. Tne regulations of ihe States in
reference to returns are not enjoined by the Con-
stitution, but are voluntary directions, on their
part, for the transmission of information to th's
Hoase. This House will pay a volun ary, a
cheerful respect, to such regulations; and will not
permit a partial or ea'ire failure to comply with
them, by Sta'e officers, to defeat an election.
It was perfectly competent for this House, said
Mr. D. in judging of the "returns," to examine
all the retu>nc—all the "«turn " of officers holding
elections—to compare them toge her—to sum up and
estimate all the various "returns" embraced in the
election—to inquire if the State officers have accu-
r .tely summed up and estimated these various re-
turns, and whe her the ultimate certificate or re'u n
or commission conforms to the very fact, to the
result as ascertamrd and derived from a cartful
examination of the votts received and counted at
the vanoi s places, at the prescribed time, and in
the manner prescribed  for holding election , by
persons duly authorized.
Sir, said Mr. D. I think I have nucceeded m
showing that it is the ruht and duty of this House,
under its power to judge of "letum ," to examine
and decide whether thtse certificates or commis-
sions of the Governor, with the accompanying
broad seal, confermed to the fact, as disclosed by
an accurate and full estimate and addition of the
"returns" made by officers holding the elections at
the time, in the place, and in the manner presenbep
by law. If so, then have I shown that it is not
conclusive and sufficient that the>e certificates or
commissions, with broad seals attached, *hould be
merely in the form prescribed by law, "It t er for
letter, and comma for comma," but it is requ site,
al o, that they should embody the whole tiuth—the
entire result ot all the "return*" of all the votes
received and counted bv proper officers.
If, from the act of God, from the fraud, negli-
gence, or mistake of State officers; if, lrom any
cause, ihis ultimate certificate or commission does
not coincide with the result of all the returns of all
the votes received and counted according to law,
then may we impeach it, not for want of form,
not for failing to agree, "letter for letter, and corn-
ma for comma," with the requisite form, but for
want of verity, lor a failure to conform with the fact
apparent from an accurate aggregation of all ihe
vote  duly received and counted. If the laws of
New Jersey have not been observed by her own
func íonanes; if all the votes have not been return-
ed by the proper officers within the time prescribed
bylaw; jf the Governor, entrusted with and required
to procure all the returns of all the votes, has failed
or neglected to do his duty, or has innocently mis-
conceived it, or has been prevented by defect of
law, then hs commission is a misrepresentation of
the fact, is not in accordance with all the laws of
Ne v Jersey, and may be fairly set aside by this
House, the judge of the ''return-," may be declared
defective and insufficient, or may be amended at
the pleasure of this supervising and controlling tri-
bunal.
Mr. D. next adverted to the argument of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Sergeant,]
that th's commission, with the broad seal, was
"conclusive" evidence of the right to take a seat on
thi  floor. He would be glad to know where that
gentleman found the authon'y that these commis-
sions of the Governor of New Jersey were conclu-
de a< to ihe right of those persons receiving and
br.ngmg them here to take their seats wi hout fur-
ther question.
Where was the precedent for it? All the deci-
sions of this Hou>e are against it. In the case of
Spalding and Mead, to wh.ch reference had been
before made, it was expressly decided that " the
returns from the Stat* authorities are prima fane
ev dence only of an election, and are not conclu-
sive upon the House " Mr. D. said he would not
fatigue the Houie by reading the numerous cases
ot contested elections, in which either the same
p'incipie was decided, or distinctly recognized as
the basis of the procedure. It must nece>sarily be
so, for if the " return" be conclusive, the House is
estopped from exercising its const.tutional power
of judging, and that provision of the Constitution be-
comes a dead letter. In va n is it urged that this
prima facie evidence of an election confers a conclu-
sive right to take the seat. The right to take and hold
a seat on this floor, depends uppn the fact of hav-
ing been duly chcs n; it is consequent upon elec-
tion, and therefore must necessarily be arfected to
the same extent and in ihe same degree by ihe
same species of evidence' Who ever heard (said
M*\ D.) that mere puma facie evidence of a claim
gave a conclusive and indisputab'e right to the
thing claimed? He deemed it unnecessary to at-
tempt the refutat.on of such an absurdity.
Mr. D said he would not, at ih*t time, pretend
to give an exact definition of the phrase ' prima
facie evidence;" he had not very recently consu ted
the law books. He was grossly mistaken, bow-
ever, if it meant any thing else but evidence at the
first blu h, on its first appearance or introduction;
and was good only in the absence of other testi-
mony, sufficient to controvert and overthrow it.
If there be no opposing testimony, then prima
facte evidence is sufficient; it prevails as a milter
of course, and without controversy.   Bat when
adversary testimony is introduced, th s prima facte
evidence cannot be conclusive of right, until both
shall have been cmsidered and weighed, and deci-
sion made by the competent tubunal. In the ab-
sence of all c nflitting testimony, or upon decision
of us insuffic ency to counteract and defeat, then
this prtma/iicie evidence, in tne language employed
by some of Ihe wr ters on this subject, "obiains a
conclusive qua'ity." You cannot, then, when
there is clear, strong, impartial testimony staring
you in the face, disregard it altogether, and con-
clude that this prima facie evidence i-> sufficient,
without violating eve y principle of justice, as well
as the Constitution of the United States. This
House is the judge of the matter in dispute; this
matter m depute is the right to seats here. Oa
one side prima facte evidence is introduced—on the
other side, it is proposed to rebut it by counter
evidence. Tho^e who offer the counter evidence,
cannot be concluded fiom an examination into its
sufficiercy, or from a hearing of their ca>e, with-
out a violation of (ur duty to j udge, without a pal-
pab'e departure from the long established rules of
law and evidence, and without a gross act of in-
justice to one set of claimants.
One word, said Mr. D in reference to the cerifí-
cate of the Setretary of State of New Jersey. In
two ín^Unces, in ihe case of Spalding and Meade,
was the certificate of the Secretary of State of
Georgia received as good and sufficient evidence
in relation to the election returns received and pre-
served in his office. He believed that this was the
first ume that it had ever be.n maintained ihat the
official certificate and seal of an office of record
was not sufficient evidence touching mat ers on re-
cord in said office. It thae be no express statute
directing such certificate, or prescribing its form,
yet he thought, upon general principles, that it ie-
sulted, ex vtrtute officii, that the formal certificate of
the officer, with his known and establi hed seal,
was evidence sufficient to prove the existence of re-
cords in his office, or of documents and papers on
file.
The very learned gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Sergeant] attempted to prove that these five
gentlemen holding the Governor's commission
were now actual members of this House, and had
been so for a long time before the commencement
of this session. Now he (Mr. D.) could not un-
derstand that there was any thing in the Constitu-
tion or laws to justify this position. D d he under-
stand the argument of the gentleman te be, ihat,
because these five New Jersey gentlemen, on their
way here, might be discharged from arrest, under
color of their privilege, that, therefore, they were-
members? The judge might decide, and very pro-
perly decide, that these five gentlemen were "go-
ing" to Washington to attend the session of Con-
gress as member5, and that they therefore came
within the designation of persons privileged trom
arrest. Where did the gentleman find that tbe
decision of a judge, State or Federal, upon a
question of privilege, was proof of membership in
this body? Mr. D. utterly denud that the decision
of the Chief Justice himself, in connection with all
his associates, was anv, the slightest authority, to
bind or influence ibis Houss in deciding questions
of membership. This House would not permit
the Judiciary, were that department so inclined, to
wrest from it indirectly its own constitutional
power to decide ihe question of membership.
Why, sir, the decision ot a judge granting a dis-
charge from arrest, upon the ground of privilege,
is a judgment inter altos; and, according to the
well known principles of law, such a decision
could not be even read as evidence upon this trial
of contest.
But, said Mr, D I deny that actual membership
of this body does or can commence before the time
of assembling and forming. He then referred the
House to the case of Hammond and Herrick, from
the State of Ohio Tms ca*e was dec ided at the
first session of the Fifteenth Congress. Samuel
Heinck, who was the sitting member, was elected
to Congress in October, 1816, being then in com-
mission as distuct attorney of the United States; on
the 29ih November, 1817, he rerigned hi-, office of
district attorney, and on the 1st day of December
following, look his seat in Congress.   The Four-
