Pec: 1839.
36th ComG""1st Sjsss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
63
New Jersey Question—Mr. Dromsroole.
H. of Reps.
teenth Congress expired on ih« 4th March, 3817.
On the 8th day of December, 1817, a memorial
was received from Charles Hammond, of the same
State, contesting the right of Herrick to be a number
of the House, in consequence of having held the
aid commission after ihe 4th March, 1817; which
memorial was referred to the Committee of Privi-
leges and Elections. Mr. Hammond ranks, and
deservedly, too, among the ablest jurists of the
country, and had presented the question ia a strong
and forcible point of view; and it was understood
that the ri?hts of several other members to seats
would be affected by the decision in this case. On
the 10th of Dfc*mber, Mr. Forsyth, then a mem-
ber from Georgia, now Secretary of Stat?, offered
the following resolution, which was adopted:
"Jletoleed, That the Committee of Elections be instructed to
inquire and report what persons, elected to serve in the House
of Representatives, hare accepted or held offices under the Go-
vernment of the United States since the 4th day of March.
181"; and how far their right to a seat in this House is affected
tyk"
It is a constitutional provision that "ne person
holding any office under the "United States shall be
a membf r of either House during his continuance
ia office." It was decided that Herrick "was not
rendered incapable of being a member of the
House, by reason of his having held the said office
iftei the 4th March, and until 29th November,
1817." And so decided, because it was held that
his membership did not commence on 4th March,
immediately, and at the instant of the expiration
of the 14th Congress, but commenced with the ses-
sion of the 15th Congress. He would particularly
refer gentlemen to the very able report made in
that case by Mr. Taylor of New York. He pre-
sumed it was John W. Taylor, for some time a
distinguished member, and well known to the coun-
try as a learned and able man.
In connection with this idea, that a person can
be an actual number of this House, "for a long
time" before it meets, and before he attends, and
is received and recognized as snch, the gentleman
maintains   that there is  no interregnum in the
House of Representatives, that it is a perpetual
body—and therefore he would seem to suppose that
the Representatives elect of each Congress succeed
each other as members of a corporation.   This he,
Mr. D. denied.     One of the first distinctions he
had   learned   was   that    the   Senate   was   so
ergan'zed    and    constituted    as    to    preserve
it? existence perpetually; but that the House of
Representatives had a limited existence; was re-
stricted to a particular period, which it was not
permitted by the Constitution to survive. * O* the
4th of March every second year the term of all the
members expires, and in point of fact absolutely
ceases to exist, notwithstanding any contrary theory
which may, be entertained.    If the Twenty-fifth
Congress had never met—if the House of Repre-
sentatives had never met, or, indeed, had never
been elected from 4th March 1837 to the 4ih March
1839—still the present House of Representatives
would be perfect in its existence and in its func-
tions.   Every srernd year there is, as every body
kaows, an entire new House ot Representatives,
ttho, together with'the Senate, which has remaned
in existence, constitute and commence a new Con-
gress.   Members are to be chosen every second
year by the people of the several States.   Suppose
oil the Stale--, as many do, were not to chco-e their
Representatives until after the lapse of several
months'succeeding the termination of a Congress,
what then becomes of your perpetual succession of
membership without intervention of time, without
interregnum!   Mr. D. declared that he no more
believed in the comiouous and unbroken existence
of the House of Representatives, than he did in
the unbroken succession of the Popes from Saint
Peter down to the present time.
Mr. D. said, gentlemen expressed great venera-
tion for Slate authorities, and seemed to manifest
« k TI r°f goin8 into conflict wiih State laws.
He had before shown that the members do not re-
present ttie State as a mere organized government,
but that they represent the people d-rectly. When
Representees have been ••<*«« " acceding to
he Conetitntion and hwi, it ¡soar doty solemnly
o interpose our nKht of judgment to give efficacy
to the popular  choice, and to protect it from the
frauds or blunders of State officers, and even from
defective and  unconstitutional   State legislation.
Here Mr. D quoted the ca e  of Barney  and Mc-
Creery, which occurred at the first tes.ion of the
Tenth Congress   The Legislature of Maryland
enacted, in 18U2, that Baltimore to-vn and county
should constitute  the  fifth Congressional district,
and should ele t two members, one cftckich shall
be a resident of Baltimore county, and the other a resi-
dent of Baltimore city.    Nicholas P. Moore, a resi-
dent of the county, was elected by a large majority.
William McCreery,  also a resident of ihe county,
obtained the next highest vote.   Joshua Barney, a
resident of the city, had the next highest vote, and
contes ed the election of McCreery for want of resi-
dence, in conformity with the law o' Maryland.   It
was held that the Legislature of Maryland could
not superadd qoaliflcations to those required by the
Constitution, and the House in'erpossd its unre-
stricted power of judging of the   qualifications
of   its   members;   sustained   the   right   of  the
people   to   elect  McCreery, in ths   tace of the
law   of  Maryland,   and   protected   ihat   choice
against the   unconstitut onal    ennc'ment.   It   is
better,   sir,  when   it unfortunately becomes   un-
avoidably neces-ary, to go into conflict with a
S:ate law, or with State au hority, than to concur
with them in a c nflict with the Cor stitut;on, and
with popular righs    If, as gent'emen contend,
these certificates and  seals are conclusive of ihe
right of those who hold them, then the quesUon of
the right to a senre settled by the lorm of a return
prescribed by law,  and the  House is precluded
from judging of the elections and returns, as it is
solely empowered to do.   Surely gentlemen ptr-
c.ive the absurdity to which th ir principles con-
duct them.   If the doctrine of thi gen'leman from
Pennsylvania,  [Mr. Sergeant ] as to the conclu-
sive and unimpeachable charactpr   of   the Go-
vernor's certificate, be a correct exponent of hs
opinions  of Siae Rights, then it would seem that
he maintains a species of nullification, which Mr.
D. presumed could hardly obtain the sanction of
his State Rights frends.   The Nullifies t:on party,
as he understood, (appealing to Mr. Pjchens, of
South Carolina,) contended tor the interposition of
the States' sovereignty to arrcst an unconstitutional
enactment of Congress; but this nullification of a
provision  of the Consti ution by a Stats enact-
ment, as tha gentleman woull now have it, is
going much farther than any Nuliifier, of whsm
he had ever heard, was dispose:! to go.   Mr. D.
flattered bims If that, if true  to ilvir own princi-
ples, we should have the co-operation of all the
Sta'e Rights men in pre-erving the constitutional
powers of this House, and the constitutional rights
of the people of a sovereign State from all Legis-
lative or Executive infringement.   Such a course
would be in accordance with their processed doc-
trine>, and Mr. D. said h« saould insist-upon hold-
ing them to it.
Gentlemen had asserted and   maintained   that
some persons must qualify and take their ¡«eats as
members from the State of New Jersey, before ihe
House can deci.!e "this   controversy.   Suppose this
position be granted, that tiere mu>t be a qualifica-
tion inferifn, doe* not the question s'ill remain for
decision, who   shall be   permitted thus to qualify?
Shall  those  holding thi Governor's  commission
have this privi'ege, to the exclusion of ihose who,
from an estimate ofoit thereturns appaar to have a
majority of the votes received by the proper officers,
and must, therefore, according to established prin-
ciple?, be   presumed to have been fairly and le-
gally chosen until the contrary shall be made to
appeaf in due conree of investigation?
I should like, said Mr. D. for gentlemen to pro-
duce some authority for this assumption, that there
mast necessaiily be a qualification of some, body,
before there can be a decision properly msde. I
should like to know when or where it has been de-
cided that a member mu-t take hs ?eat before it
ran be decided whe'her he is entitled to take it.
Be.«aid he would lay it do#n asa rule of ac'ion,
that when the question of a right to take his seat had
beenraised and presented to the House before qualifi-
cation, it had been settled before qualification. He
bad  not been able to find a single instance of a
departure from  this   course in  ei her House of
Congress.
He referred to the case of Benjamin Edwards,
of Maryland, vviah occured in the second session of
the Third Congas*. It does not appear that his
seat was regularly contested upon the ground of an
adversary claim. A question was raised as to the
sufficiency of the proof of Mr. Edwards's election.
Afer debate, the letters on whicV. Mr. E. relied to
sustain his clam, were refeired to a committee.
The committee made an adverse report. Pending
the subject, the Speaker informed the House that
he had received a letter from the Governor of Ma-
ryland, enclosing the regular certificate of Mr. E's
elfction. This certificate teas signed by the Governor
of Maryland, and under the seal of the State. A ques-
tion again arose, whether the claimant should be
permitied to qualify. Qualification was still de-
nied; and the certificate, with the broad seal, was
referred to the committee to whom their previous
report was recommitted. Afterwards, the com-
mittee reported a resolution in favor of Ed-
wards, in which the House concurred; and
then "Mr. Edwards was qualified, and took
his Feat ia the House." Now if, without
an adverse claim, a question being raised before
qualificaion, the House will insist to decide it be-
fore qualification, for much stronger reafoas ought
this course to be adopted in cases of contest, the
question being raised and presented to the House
before the qualification of either party.
Mr. D. next introduced the case of John Rich-
ard*, of Pennsylvania, which occurred in the first
session of the Fourth Congress. James Morris and
John Richards had been the candidates f r election
in the diMrict composed of the counties of Bucks,
Norhimpton, and Montgomery. "The circum-
stances of this eke'ion were tuch as ta make it
doubtful to the mind of the Governor whether either
par y was duly elected, and he appears, thereiorc,
to have declined deciding upon the legality of said
ejection." Mr. Morris dying before the meeting
of Congress, of course never appeared to claim the
seat. On the 10th December, 1795, Richards, by
memorial, cla m^d ihe seat. A committee report-
ed, and, after debate, their report was recommitted.
On the 13th January, 1796, they made a further
report. After debae, t was resolved, on the 18th
January, 1796, "that the said John Richards was
entitled to his seat in the House;" and he was ad-
mited accordingly. Here qua'ification was with-
he'd, and the district s-uffered to be unrepresented
from the 10th December until the 18th January
following.
In this case, there was an example of delicacy
and moderation, on the pait of the Governor of
Pennsylvania, which well deserved the imitation
of the Governor of New Jersey. The latter must
h« ve known that he had net summed up all the
votrs which had been cast in the election, and,
without a performance of this requisition, how
could he and his council undertake to declare who
had the majority and weie, consequently, electei?
If it were impossible for h>m to comply with this
part of his duty, then he would have stood excused
and justified, before an impattial public, for giving
the commission to neither, not knowing who would
be entitled to it, if all the votes had teen summed
up. Nor would h«, by snch forbearance, have
done injustice or prejudice to the c'aims of either
party. Both would have the same rights they now
pos-ess of claiming to qualify and take seats—
upon which claims this House only can decide—
and (said Mr. D.) I repeat that this book (holding
up ihe volume of the reports of contested elections)
is full of cases in which the House has counted
the votes, either when the authorities of the State
refused to count them, cr when thev were retained
too late to be counted under the State laws.
Mr. D. next referred to the ca<e of Willoughbyand
Smith, from the Slate of New Yerk, whrcb Oc-
cu rred in the fir-1 scs>iort of the Fourteenth Co; gw#s.
Willoughby had been, in fact, elected; " tut, fey
reason of a clerical err  r of certain inspectors, in
teturning <e:iificatis of votes to Ihe office of the
county clerk, Gen. Smith wes declared üu y
elected, and a certificate of election wasaecordtngiy
delivered to him.  Piom the gene al tenor oí^the
argument in «he present case, it would have been
