66
APPENMX TO THE CONGRESSIONALGLOBE.
Dec. 1839.
26th Coiro««"lsT Sess.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Rayner.
H. of Reps.
wry contribution by the House to the necessities of
these whom they invite to officiate for them. It is
TOt a pension for the clergy, by law or from consti-
tutional neeessi'y, but a donation to the man. Re-
ward, to my mind, does not necessarily demora-
lize and secularize the preacher, else there weie no
minis'ry—no temp'e—no worship. Shall not the
priest live by the aliar? And is not the laborer
worthy of his hire? That some who wear the
(priestly robe bave com: hither, trading upon the
stock of their ministerial charae'er, and vending
for a consideration the sacred ministrations of our
holy relit ion, is perhaps true—but not all have so
come. It maybe conceded at once, without weak-
ening the obligatii n to elect a chaplain, that there
are false professors of that religion. In its purest
and earliest state, among the twelve who listened
to the words, and saw the works i>f God himself,
there was one traitor.
I cannot concur, Mr. Speaker, in the apprehen-
sion expressed by my honorable fiiend and col-
teagwe, that the act to which he objects may uhi-
uaiely lead to a union of Church and State. I
think that our «hole political system, as also the state
of ne cTuircm n our country, makes such a union
an otter impracticability. Such a thing could not
be without an rniirc change in the essential ele-
ments and actual organization of the frame of
Government. The very freedom of rel'gious opi-
nion and action guarantied to the people must
operate as an insurmountable bar to such a union.
I should as soon, nay sooner, look for a despotism
in place of oar constitutional liberty, as the result
which gentlemen apprehend. The recollections of
the pat, the interests of the present, and the ex-
peciations of the future—religion, which seeks its
its own perpetuity in the maintenance of its purity—
all forbid it. Our denominational divisions consti-
tute a system of sleepless and enterprising vigilance
over the encroachments of the church. Protestant
Christians have long ago ascertained, from history
written in the blood of martyrdom, that their rights
of conscience depend upon fiee Government.
They are committed to maintain the separation of
the Church and the State by the instinct of self
defence, and by the precepts of their own faith. I
think I am not mistaken when I say that the church
herself would be the last to seek an unholy and
self-destroying alliance with the State. P.ety
would die in (he embraces of Government. No,
sir, Protestant Christianity must stand aloof from
political associations, by the law of her own exig-
ence. A loss of liberty might, perhaps would,
necessarily corrupt the church; whilst liberty re-
mains, the church will maintain its purity. Keep
pure the church in ou land, and the Constitution is
defended with impregnable bulwarks.
In England we know, sir, that the church is part
of the Government—that the articles of the esta-
blished re'igion are held to be parcel of the com-
mon law—that the sacrament is a condition prece-
dent to the tenure of office—that rich governmental
revenues sustain the sacred aristocracy—that lands
and franchises and political power, by the very
principles of the British Constitution, (if Constitu-
tion Britain has, which I very much doubt,) apper-
tain to the church; not to Christianity, sir, but to
oar form of church organization. Not so here.
That aid which the Government can here give the
church is alone in a freewill offering to the princi-
ples it professes, protecting all creeds and names
equally by its tolerant and equal legislation. For
myself I can conceive of no abomination more
offensively abhorrent than a union of the Church
with the State; and I would resist the very first ap-
proaches towards it with the sternest and most re-
lentless hostility. But, sir, there is a union which
is already, in some degree, consummated, which I
hope I shall not live to see dissolved: I mean, sir,
the onion of religions principle with political con-
duct.
The leaven of moral principle should lighten the
whole lump of the body politic. We should be
cautious lest we divide things so happily and use-
fully united. We should be careful lest we in-
vite into our legislation, and adopt as rules of con-
duct, the philosophy of a merely human faith. No
gentleman, I know, would give bis vote directly or
indirectly to unhinge Christianity or in any way les-
sen its influences. I beg net to be understood as so
charging. I only mean to say that the result at
which they now aim may, in my opinion, produce
that effect. The politicians of Fiance desecrated
the temples of God—burned the Bible—endowed
the goddess of Reason with the ¡attributes of Deity
—andsooB, very soon, the foundations of society
were broken up, and anarchy reigned triumphant.
The vinf-rlad hills and fertile plain?, and crowded
streets of France flowed down with blood. Toa
public relaxation of moral obligation, I have no
ibubt, may be traced those startling horrors which
preceded and followed the French Revolution.
-----------------------------------------------------------j
SPEECH OF MR. RAYNER,
Of North Gaholina,
Ix the Howe of Reprtienlaliles, December 18,1838—
On a resolution that the Jommissjoned  members
from the State of New J>rsey *re not entitled to
be sworn as members of the House.
Mr. RAYNER slid he had not intended to
have taken any part in this/debate. Having but
lately taken his seat upon mat floor, he had hoped
that nothing would have transpired to change the
resolution which he hid formed—that of being a
listener instead of a talker in this controversy. I
am well aware (said Mr. R.) that this is no place,
neither is this any time, for apolog'es. We all
meet here with equal privi eges and under equal
responsibilities, and one has as much right to ex-
press his views here as another. But being a new
member here, and in the presence of what ought to
be the congregated wisdom of the nation; and
feeling that diffidence which must necessarily
result from such a position, I will claim it as one
of my rights on this floor, to offer an apo'ogy for
the lemarks which I design to make; and that
apology is, that if I say nothing which msy be
worth the attention of this House, I shall only be
following the example which ha* been set me by
several othe s. For, in the scope of this debate,
the d'scussion has not been con6nedto those, only,
who have approached it with calmness and discre-
tion;, but in the political battle wheh h?s been
fighting here. for the last two weeks, soldiers of
every grade have entered the lists, from the
hardened veteran to the raw recruit—from those
who have wielded the sword and the battle axe, to
those who have contended with bulrushes and
straws. And besides, the great principles at stake
in th;s matter, and the important consequences
likely to grow out of its decision, admonish every
one who feels an interest in it, to speek out fully,
f eely, and frankly in regard to it. And when it is
borne in m nd, that the rights and pivileges of a
sovere;gn State are involved in the decision of this
question, I insi-t that it behooves eery State to
speak out through a portion of har representation
on this floor, and to enter her protest against the
attempt which is making to disfranchise New
Jersey.
Sir, disguise th's matter as you may, distort it as
you please, still the real question is, whether the
Constitution and the laws, or violence and brute
force, are hereafter to prevail in the organization of
this House ana the legislation of this country.
What sort of a spectacle do we exhibit to the people
of th's country? For better than two weeks have
we been here, unorganized, in disorder and con-
fusion, and the majesty of this Hall violated by the
presence of men who have no more right to a seat
on this floor* than had the fish-women of Paris in
the National Assembly during the excesses of the
French Revolution. Sir, the eyes of an anxious,
an excited, and an indignant people are upon us; an
awful re-ponsibility rests some where, and I wi=h
it to rest where it properly belongs. I do not hold the
Clerk responsible, but those who advised him. I
do not attach to his course that importance which
has been assumed in this debate. He is nothing
more than a ministerial officer, and his dicta are
only binding so far as they reflect, and are in
accordance with, the views of a majority here.
•It will be recollected that the contesting gentle-
men from New Jersey marked their names at, and
occupied seats in the Hall, without obtaining per-
mission, daring the discussion on the question.
What he says, or what he does, is authoritative
so far only as it meets with the sanction, either
express or implied, of the body whose officer he is.
He cannot make or unmake members of Congress,
by his willingness to call the names of some,
or his refusal to call the names of others. And
although we cannot but be indignant of the dogged
obstinacy and party devotion which he has evinced,
still I think entirely too much importance has been
attributed to his conduct, when it is recollected
that he is only the mere instrument through which
this act of party tyranny is attempted to be
perpetrated upon us. Suppose that the Clerk, after
calling the name of Mr. Randolph, had proceeded
to call the names of the other regularly comm s-
sioned members from New Jersey, think you he
would not have been interrupted and objection
made to those gentleman's names being inscribed
on the roll? If the Clerk had done his duty, think
you that those gentlemen would have been permit-
ted, without objection, to vote in lhe organization
of this House? and to have taken the oa'h required
by the Constitution, prepar.tory to their taking
their seats as members ot this Hou-e? Suppose,
when the Clerk was advsed, nay, required, to take
the course which he did, he had replied, "Gent'e-
men, I am the officer of the House of Representa-
tives, and not the mere tool of a party; I have ta-
ken an oath faithfully to perform my duty; one
portion of that duty is to make out and call over
the names of the members elect on the first day of
the assembling of Congre-s; the duty which I owe
my country, and the oath! have tiken, prevent
my compliance wih your demand:" I say, sup-
pose this had been the man'yand noble response of
the Clerk, when required to do as he d d; think you
th's scene would not have taken place? No one
who has been an observer of the party o-ganiza'ion
which exist* here, the dictation of party leader?,
and the inflexible dete mination which exists to
cury their point at all hazards, can for a moment
doubt upon the subject. The course of the Clerk
only presented an i:sae a moment rooner, which
would have been p esented, even if he had per-
formed his duty as a faithful officer. And as soon
as objection had been made, discussion would
have ensued, and after discussion, as soon as it
had been necessary to test the sense of the mem-
bers upon any distinct proposition, tLe same
question wo'jldhave arisen which has given us
all this difficulty, viz. who should be entitled to
vote? So, no matter what course had bern
pursued by the Clerk, "to this complexion it would
have come at last" Why really, sir, from the
debates which have taken place here, one would
suppose that all this storm had been raised by the
Clerk, and, that he had the power to allay it
whenever it suied his good pleasure. If one
unacquainted with our Government, and unin-
terested in our institutions, had heard the pathetic
and eloquent appeals which have been made to
the Clerk to proceed in his duty, he would have
supposed that the Clerk, from his elevation there,
was as omnipotent in this Hall as Jup ter on
Olympus, and that upon his nod hung not only the
future existence of this body, but the destinies of
this nation. No such thing, sir; it is not the mere
call of the Clerk that constitutes the person called
an integral portion of this House; but it is the tacit
acquiescence of the other members present, in
recognising as a fellow-member, bim who presents
himcelf cloihed with an authority as potent as theirs,
wh;ch recognition they are bound in duty as well
as courtesy to give.
I have made these remarks for the purpose of
presenting the point which I wish to make—that
the blame should attach to those who have only
used the Clerk as a mere instrument, for the pur-
pos3 of screening themselves from responsibility.
One thing is certain, we shall be arraigned before
the great tribunal of public opinion; and I wish it
now to be distinctly understood that it is not the
Clerk, but a band of partisans on th's floor, who
have prevented the organization cf this House, and
kept it in an uproar and excitement for fourteen
days. Yes, sir, I call upon this House, and upon
the peop'e of this countiy, to bear witness, that
while we—and when I say we I mean the friends
of the Constitution and the laws—have been strug-
