APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m+tm* **' ■**' ■ ^« « ' '"*    *''
Dec 18S9.
26th Coh9*>««1st Sess.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Iiayner.
H. of Reps.
useless forms of which the gentleman from New
York has spoken?   They ate, so far as regards all
the purposes for winch they were designed, the
snrpreme law of the land.   What are >our rules
of order for your government here?   Th*y are the
most technical of all technicalities, and yet they
speak the commanding language of the law, and
are as imperative and binding in their nature, and
as much entitled to respect, as though you kept an
army at your doors ready to enforce them.   What
lends the sanction of majesty to our courts of la ?
It is the formal and technical manner in which
jnstioe is administered.   What invests the consta-
ble's staff with a power as terrible as the tyrant's
sword?   It is a mere technical procedure of a few
moments m compliance with the forms of law.
But, says the gentleman from New Yoik, in the
fury of his party zeal, the forms and quibbles of
the law are not to be regarded when the rights of
the people are in danger.   Now, it is absurd, it is
paradoxical, to talk about the rights of the people
conflicting with a law which they themselves have
pissed, in pursuance of a right which they have
reserved to themselves in the Constitution; for it is
the   object of  the Constitution to define   those
Tights, and of the law to enforce them.   If, then,
the gentleman from New York is such a friend to
popular rights and to the people of New Jersey, let
him prove that his professions are sincere by aiding
to carry into operation the laws which the people
of that State have passed for the protection of their
rights.   Now, I understand, the gentleman from
New York is himself a lawyer; and is it possible
that he, who belongs to a profession that has., in all
ages, stood up for the r ghts and {sanctity of the
law against the encroachments of those in authori-
ty—a profession that has, in all ages, included in
its numbers the guardians and protectors of liberty,
and the defenders of the rights of man; is it possi-
ble, I say, that be will now become the derider
and contemner of that very law for whose omni-
potent power he is daily in the habit of contending?
But, says the gentleman, my object is to take
care of the people's rights, and I will not be ar-
rested by the forms and technicalities of the law.
Now, sir, I am not to be deluded by this cry about
the people and the people's rights.     As to all the
slang which we have heard upon that subject, I
look upon it as too cantemptible for not ice.   It has
always been the language wh.ch canning and cor-
rupt men have used for the purpose of concealing
their treacherous and  sinister designs.     It has
always been the language of despots, when the law
has interposed a barrier to their ambitions projects.
Tyran's have always contended that th«ir object
was the good of the people, when violating those
Tery laws tfcat the people themselves may have
made for their own preservation.     It was the
language of Cromwell when, under the gaib of
sancti'y,he clutched at unlimited power.   It was
the language of Robespierre when,   from a pre-
tended hatred to tyrants, he deluged France in the
best blood of her sons.   It is the language of fanati-
cism in our own day, when whetting the knife for
our thoats, and kindling the torch for the destruc-
tion of our homes.     It is the  language of the
gentleman from New York in framing a pitiful
excuse for trampling on the laws and Constitution
of his country.   Why, sir, I again a*k, what are
the forms and technicalities of the Constitution
and the laws, which the gentleman from New
York has so much derided?    It is they whose
unseen power is always in opeaation, and which
keeps the wheels of Government in motion, not
only whilst we are silting here, but whi st we are
reposing in our beds.     It is they whoss magic
power brought us all here together on a given
day—which  protec's us in  ths exercise of our
duties here, and which invests with a sort of sanc-
tity in the public eye, all our proceedings.   It is
they wh en arm your Sergeant-at-Arms with a
power as "terrible as an army with banners"—
which reconcile us to  our labors and detention
here, under the assurance that onr homes and our
fire-sides are  protected against   the  assaults of
rapine and violence.   It is tbey whose "still small
voice," to use the language of my eloquent friend
from Georgia, [Mr. Nisbet,] "speaks in a lan-
guage as terrible as the thunders of heaven."   It is
the techtiical operation of the Constitution and the
law which give us our existence as a representative
body, and which will strip u« of cur power at the
appoint d limp. It is to them that the gentleman
from New York himself owes the privilege of a
seat on this flocr—for, without the loimsot law,
his constituents could not have sent him here—
and the opportunity which he has had, of filtering
at, deriding, at d contemn,ng the very power which
clothes him with his representative character.
But, sir, we are nol only bound by the Constitu-
tion and the law ot Parliament to admit the mem-
bers having the legal returns, but reason and com-
mon sense  must suggest  that we cannot depart
lrum that course wihout   becoming involved in
inextricable difficulties.      Before organization we
can do nothing except what is inc dental to organi-
zation; it is only hy the act of organization that we
become invested with a representauve power, able
and capable of tnforcing our decrees.    Is it not
evident, then, that, uponas-embhng together, reason
and   convenience  bo h require that no obstacle
should be presented wh'ch is calculated to embar-
rass us in the act of organizing?    I think the posi-
tion has be?n properly taken and forcib y illustrated
here, that, before we are organ zed,  we can exer-
cise no power except what is necessary to organ za-
tion; the reason of which is perfectly plain, since
the Constitution requires that we should exercise
no power, either legislative or judicial, except under
the sacred responsibility of an oath.    And we dis-
regard the Constitution altogether if, before we are
organized—or even afterwards—we prejudge the
case without hearing the evidence on both sides.
In either wsewe constitute ourselves into a revolu-
tionary tribunal for tf>e purpose of disfranchising
men who come here armed with the same power and
clothed with the same authority that we do.    The
confusion and inconvenience resulting from the
adoption of any other course than that cf allowing
the members having the lawful certificates to take
their seats, was urged upon us at  the very com-
mencement of this difficulty; it was predicted by
the   distinguished   gent'eman   for   Pennsylvania
(Mr. Sergeant,) who, in the forcible language of
eloquent truth, foretold the very difficulties which
have since taken place; and whose clear and logical
mind, on yesterday, placed this matter in so clear
a point of view that "he who ran might read."
His argument has not been answered, and never
will be answered.     It will stand as an enduring
monument not only of his patriotism and his in-
tellect, but of his devotion to the rights of the
States.   Yes, strange as it may seem, that honor-
able gentleman—who, as he told us, has never been
over-zealous in his advocacy of State rights—has
on this occasion stood forth as their champion;
while others, from whom we had a right to expect
it, have deserted the post of duty.
The course insis'ed on by the other party will,
at any time, place it in the power of a factious
and turbulent minority to control the action of a
majority; m fact, it will place the destinies of, this
Governmeat at the mercy of unprincipled and
partisan agitators. Suppose, for instance, that
parties are pretty nearly balanced in this House at
any time hereafter—what an easy matter will it be
for a few factious partisans of the minority party to
get up a pretcnd«d contest aganst just enough
members of the majority, who, being set aside,
will throw the majority the other way. And think
you it will not be frequently done if the precedent
is now set? And, in times of high party excitement,
to what length will not this disorganizing spirit be
indulged? Suppose, for instance, at some time
hereafter in the history of this couiftry, a corrupt
and profligate Administration shall, by fraud and
bribery, have fortified themselves in the strongholds
of power; suppose that the people of this country,
after having long "suffered all the evils of tyranny
and misrule, shall have aroused themselves, and,
by a mighty effort at the ballot-box, shall have re-
turned to this House a majority opposed to the
reigning dynasty; suppose, too, this shall happen
at a session previous to the Presidential election;
suppose the party in power shall have become
alarmed at the prospect of a system of investiga-
tion which is to drag to light their miserable
corruption and hypocrisy, and expose to an indig-
nant people the system of peculation and plunder
by which the very life-blood of their prosperity
has been exhausted; ay, sir, suppose that a
Speaker is to be elected, and that in the election of
that Speaker are involved consequences of awful
import to tie party in power; we will go a little
further, and suppose that a partis n Clerk is to be
rewarded for hi^, compliant disposition—does it
require the spirit of prophecy to foretell what is to
take place, if the precedent i> now set, that the
contesting a member's seat is sufficient cause for
excluding him from all share in the organ zation of
the House? Who does not see that in such a
case no member of the party opposed to that in
power, could be sure of his seat without a contest?
The only question would be, who should be sacri-
ficed to appease the demon of party. Establsh
this precedent, and where 1* it to end? It places
the majority in the power of a factious and cor-
rupt minority. It is a bribe and a lure held out
to hypocrisy and corruption; for, whilst one party
m ght refrain fiom these pretended contests from a
sense of propriety, all the advantage would enure
to those who would not be restrained by any such
correct motive. Establish the precedent that the
mere contesting h s *eat, is sufficient ground for
setting aside any member, and depriving him of all
share in the election ef Sptak«r and in the
(rganization of this House, and I fear the time is
not far d stant when no one who is opposed to the
tenant of the White House at the other end of
this city, will ever be allowed to take his s°at
quietly in this Hall. Establish the princip'e that
he is to be unceremoniously deprived of his r ght
upon the mere complaint of some pretender, and
you will soon have to provide some extraordinary
power to enforce your decrees. For, I assure you,
that whenever this Sjstem isattemp'ed to be carried
fully out, you will find that there are some stubborn
an 1 unbending spirits in this country, who will
defend their rights at the hazard of their Uves,
and who will only surrender them with their heart's
best blood. Establish the preceden', that party
ma'ice i« to be gratifie', and party vengeance
satiated by this vexa'ious and tyrannical process,
and you may as well at once organize a corps of
bandits, to enforce your savage anddtspotic orders.
Yes, sir, I fear the time is fast approaching when
every friend of the Constitution and the laws who
presents himself for admittance here, will be com-
pelled to march up to that table with his commis-
sion in one hand and his digger in the other. I
say not this in idle bravado; it is forced upon me
by the scene I witnessed on Friday last. When the
Constitution and the law  are dethroned, violence
and faction must usurp their places; and in that
case there is no other alternative left the oppre«sed
but lame and quiet submission, or a resort le phy-
sical force.
The precedent proposed to be set will not only
empower a minority to overrule ard control a ma-
jonty,|but it will enable them to prevent the organiza-
tion of this House altogether. Suppose, for fac-
tious purposes, a majority of the seats on this floor
should be contested on the assembling of the mem-
bers. What sort of a spectacle do you then ex-
hibit? According to the rule insisted on here, all
those whose seats are contested must stand aside.
And there you are; the minority cannot organize,
according to the Constitution, for they would
not constitute a quorum; and thus the Government
is íu^pendíd, and the future existence of this body
dependent on the whims and capuces of a meager
minority here. What could be done in such a case?
A minority could not constitutionally electa Speak-
er; they would be equally impotent to pass judg-
ment upon any of the contested sea's. And you
have already decided that those whose seats are
con'es'ed should not vote in what you are pleased
to call their own case, although the rights and
interests of their constituent*, and the sovereignty
of the States they represent, might be involved in
the issi e. So you see, that as soon as you depart
from the Constitution and the laws—as soon as
you depart from the established usage of parlia-
mentary proceeding—you become lost in a laby-
rinth of difficulties, from which the ingenuity of an
Ariadne can afford you no clew of escape. And,
as has already been proved in the course of our
