hoi. 1940*
26th Cong««"1st Skss.
A£* ÉNDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n
Armed occupation of Florida—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
they most take their seats. According to the gen-
tleman's doctrine you most go on in this way un-
til you get a sofficient nomber of foreigners, aliens,
and Whigs, to gire a majority of this House ; and
until the Speaker is elected, and the committees
appointed, you can do nothing—you are bound
hand and foot—they elect their own Speaker, ap-
point their own committees, and then they have all
that they want to continue themselves in power for
the whole Congress. The time may come when
there will be three candidates for the Presidency,
and the votes will be so distributed as to bring the
election into the House. These certificate and un-
constitutional members will then make for the
people of the United S'ates their President—will
make for them their laws—and for the simple rea-
son that we cannot go behind the certificate of a
Governor till the House is organized ; and when it
is organized, and with such members, I inquire of
toe gentleman from Pennsylvania how you can
ever oust them and organize again.
Again say gentlemen, you cannot go behind the
broad seal until the House is organized; you can-
not adju ticate until the Speaker is elected,, and the
oath administered, because there is no precedent
to sanction it, from the organization of the Go-
Ternment to the present day. In the case of
Moore and Letcher a certificate was produced
from the proper returning officer, and no principle
is better settled than that the return of a legally
constituted offieer is gcod until the contrary be
shown. Bat in that case, say gentlemen, the
House, before organization, adjudicated only as to
the legality of the certificate, and determined that
it was informal. But here, the ceriificate is in ex-
act accordance with law; it is word for word, let-
ter for letter, and comma for comma. If the
House, before organized, could adjudicate as to
the law of that case, why cannot we, in ths, adju-
dicate as to the fact? The case of Moore and
Letcher is an exact parallel in princ'ple.
But, sir, suppose there is no precedent to be
found, authorizing us, before organized, to judge of
the "election, returns, and qualifications of mem-
bers," and that precedent is the other way, is that
conclusive ev'dence why it should not be done now?
Are we to be bound down by precedents, when by
following them, we bring inevitable ruin upon the
country, and deprive the neople of their deire st
constitutional rights—the right of sufTr. ge? When
precedent points to iruth, I would follow it; when
it leads to errror, I would abandon it. Sir, I hare
none of that holy reverence for precedent that
some gentlemen seem to have. Had not the pre-
cedents and usages of the Jews been broken down, by
what they termed a new and strange d.^trine, the
first whisperings of the Gospel would havebeen
lost in the wilderness of Judea, and the grave would
now be to us an eternal night, without the hope and
consolation that we shall hereafter rise from it
to light, to life and glory. Where would be the
wonders achieve J by the mighty power of steam'
Where the triumphs of the imnr rtal Fulton, to
whose inventive genius the winds and tides and
ocean surrendered up their precedents? Where the
Declaration of our Independence? Where our
Constitution and our Republican form of Govern-
ment, hid we adhered to ol i systems, for fear of
breaking down estabiished precedents. Sir, I re-
peat that when precedents are based on truth, I
respect them, when founded on error, I disregard
them.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, I know not
for what purpo-e, as well as the gentleman from
New Jersey, and the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Messrs. Sergeant, Randolph, and Adams,]
have appealed to the sympathies of this House,
and eloquently discoursed on the dfeds of noble
daring done on the plains of New Jersey in the
days of our Revolution. But I would -ubmit to
the logical mind of the gemleman from Pennsyl-
vania, that all thi<¡ does not prove that Messrs.
Aycrigg, Maxwell, Halsted, Stratton, and
Yorke, were elected by the people of New Jersey.
For what purpose was such an appeal made? Was
it addressed asan argument to this House, or was
it an argument addrcs ed t> the galle-ies? 1 admit
that it was eloquent in the extreme; and the gen-
tleman, with his ferv.d eloquence, bore me with
him over the battle fields of New Jersey. It was
there I heard, or thought I heard, some remnant of
'76 discoursing with his children's children.
"Her?," says he, "I flung my banner to the breeze;
its motto was the right of representation. For that
right I took part in those perilous scenes. Here
the hand that grasped it was struck off. Swinging
it with the other, I bore it into the very face of the
enemy. Then I sunk; and the last words I uttered
were, the people shall elect their representatives.
But here, even in New Jersey, has, for the first
time, been violated this sacred right, for which I
fought?" And, as he said this, the eye that had
grown dim with age kindled, and the sinews that
had been worn out in his country's defence,
swelled with ind'gnation. Sir, it was for the right
of suffrage, the right of representation, that the
best blood of the Revolution so freely flowed.
If I recollect aright, the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Barnard] delivered a very severe
philippic against Mr. Dickerson and his a sociates,
and said that they were yet polluting this Hall w th
iheir presence. Let me reply to him that those
gentlemen claiming seats under the certificate and
broad seal of Governor Pennington, have been re-
jected by the people of New Jersey—that they
come here and are rejected by ihe House; they
then come and demand to vote in their own case,
and they are yet the second time rejected, and yet
he third; and when the House is organized, and
the members legally elected are sworn, they are
found dragging their pollut d political careare * up
to the table, demanding to kiss the truth—I have
not said to be'ray it. I wonder if they use sta-
tionery. I heard it said by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] that Messrs. Dickerson,
Vroom, and thsir associates, had a daily supply of
stationery from the Clerk, and he severely took
them to task for their presumption in using it.
Rejected by the people of New Jersey, rejected by
this House, and rejected by common sens , I in-
quire or these men of wax, Messrs. Aycrigg and
Co. if they use stationery.
The gentlemm from North Carolina, whom I do
not see in h;s seat, saj's that the party who sustain
the right of Messrs. Dickerson, Vroom, and their
associates, are not compe'ent to act, because they
have prejudge! the case. S;r, I did vote that the
certificate members should not take their seats, and,
if I remember rightly, that gentleman voted that they
should. Then h^s he not prejudged the cace? Tru-
ly, sir, a Daniel came to judgment.
Sir, there was a question propounded to you yes-
terday, and prop- unded to you as a judge.   The
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Botts] asked you,
if he was in possess on of a piece of property, un-
der a legal deed, wh ch another person claimed,
and you were sitting as a judge in the case, whether
you woul 1 first turn h;m out, and then inquire
into th.3 validity of his title?   S'r, the gentleman
bepged the question in the case supposed by him.
We say, facts say, and history says, that the New
Jersey certificate me libera nerer hid the posses-
sion, or   the right of poises-ion.   The   people,
who   alone  had   the   right   to   give   it,   never
gave   it  to  them.   But let us suppose a  case
more applicable to the gent'eman himself.   Sup-
pose you were seeking for yonr rigl U, and lie was
ih? j'id e.*   You commit your case to him, and
the first thing you find him  diiog, is ben  en-
gagd in an angry debate,  showing that you hive
no l'gal iight-~he the judge, and}ou thep'tilioner.
Would you believe, sir, fiat he en'errd into that
angry deba'e for ihe purpose of doing you justice?
No, sir; you would rather suppose that he had pre-
judge 1 the case, aad therefore was not competent
to sit on it.    I had supposed that it was ihe duty of
a juc'ge and jury to act impartially, and that they
should not decide upon a cass till  they had heard
all the evidence belonging to it.   Sir, the same gen-
tleman has said that he did not charge the respon-
s b Iity of this transact on  on the Clerk.   I rejoice
ihit he has done . o; for I have demanded, and s i 1
do demand, to tike my share of this responsibility.
It is a responsib lity 'hit I glory in—it is taking the
part of the p  < pi* in opposition t) those who w. uld
deprive ihem of their dear;st rights,  and  render
«Mr. Bon  is on the Committee of Elections.
the elective franchise a solemn mockery; and I am
readv to justify it any and at all time:, liut still
I believe that when my memory, and that of  Ka
gentleman (rom Virginia shall be forgotten, the
memory of the Clerk will live; live in the hearts of
a free people. He sjt himself up in opposition to
the oppressions of a tyrant, on the righ's of a free
people, and they will hold him in grateful remem
biance for the firm and manly stand he has taken
in their behalf. I did vo:e to exclude Governor
Pennington's certificate members, and I claim my
part of the glory in so doing.
Mr. Speaker, I have detained this House longer
than I intended when I firtt took the floor, but
I have but merely glanced at an error here, and an
error there in the various arguments of gentlemen
opposed to me, that have been addressed to the
House during a six weeks' discussion; and in at-
tempting-to expose those errors, if permited to
borrow an idea, I w< uld compare myself to some
ancient mariner, who returns from h:s voyage,
bringing home with him a shell from this shore,
and a pebble from that, as specimens of what com-
pose the mighty deep, and pave her thousand
shoals.
rose
the ne-
e same
ARMED OCCUPATION OF FLORIDA.
DEBATE   IN THE  SENATE,
Tuesday, January 7, 1840
The bill for the armed occupation a
of that part of the Territory of Florid;
hostile bands of maraud ng Indians,
cial order, was taken up.
The bill haviug been read, Mr. B
and explained its provisions, and enft
cessity of adopting it. He said it w
biil, with same slight alterations in deta.Ls, which
had passed the Senate at the last session, and that it
came now recommended as one of the measures
of the Administration for the pacification of Flo-
rida. From the Report of the Secretary at War he
read as follows:
"The passage of the bill introduced in the Senate
during the last session, and partially acted upon in
Congress, for the military occupation of Florida,
would, it is believed, be attended with beneficial
effects; and I further recommend that authority be
giv^n to the Executive to raise one thousand men
to serve during the war in Florida, who shall re-
ceive the pay of dragoons, and, upon its termina-
t on, a bounty in land. These men it is proposed
to arm and equip and drill in a manner to render
themeqttal to ihe Indian warrior in vig r and en-
durance, and to employ them in active operations
during the ensuing winter. The exigences of the
service, at this particular juncture, compel me to
ask this additional force. It will be seen that the
stale of ihe Western frontier requires the forces
there to be increased rather than diminished, and
the condition of the Canada frontier will not allow
the withdrawal of the troops at present stationed
there."
Mr. B. said thrt armed occupation was the true
way of settling a conquered country; it was the
way which had been followed in all ages, and in
all countries, from the time that the children of
Isiael enured the promised land, with the imple-
ments of husbandry in one hand, and the weapons
of war in the other. From that day to this, all
conquered countries had been settled in that way.
The Northern nations bore down on the South of
Europe in that way; the settlers of the New World
—our pilgrim forefathers and all—settled these
Sates in that manner; ihe settlement of Kentucky
and Tennessee was effected in the same way. The
armed settlers went forth to fight, and to cultivate;
they lived in forts first, and emerged to separate
set lements afterwards; and in every instance, an
interest in the soil—an inheritance in the knd—-
was the reward of their toils and dangers. The
peninsula of Florida is now prepared for settle-
ment; the enemy has been driven out of the neia.
He no lenger shows himself in force, or venturesa
combat; but, dspersed and solitary^commits indi-
vidual murders and massacres.
The country is
piepared for armed settlement.          ,        .       .
Mr B said it was the fashion to depreciate tbe
services of ourtroops in ForiJa; ,0 s?eak°f lhm
