Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TS
26th Cono...... 1st Sess.
firmed occupation of Florida—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
sergeant and more than oat-half of his men.
Eleven soldiers and fire «lizens were killed; eight
soldiers and two citizens escaped. Seven of the
•olditre, taking refuge in a small sail boat, then
lying off in the stream in which the two citizens
fortunately had slept that night, as soon as possi-
ble weighed anchor, and favored by a light breeze,
slipped off nnperceived by the Indians. The colo-
nel himself escaped with great difficulty, and after
walking fifteen miles down the river, followed by
one soldier, came to a canoe, which he had left
then the evening previous, and succeeded, by this
means, in getting on board the sail boat, where he
found those who had escaped in her.
"The Indians bad exhibited the utmost friendship
immediately previous to the attack, but Lieutenant
Colonel Harney had, nevertheless, given orders to
the sergeant to take the same precaution as if he
doubted their sincerity; he returned to the camp on
the night of the day of the attack, but found no one
living; be remained, however, at the month of the
river until the evening of the second day after the
attack, in hopes of picking up some of the party
who might have escaped, but in vain.
"On Lieutenant Colonel Harney'sanival at Key
Biscayne, six days after, he found Chitto Tusta-
nuggee there with his family, waiting to be con-
veyed to the Caloosahatchee. Chitto Tustanuggee
asserted that he had no knowledge of the hostile
intentions of the Indians at ibe Caloosahatchee, and
no participation in their deeds; and after an inter-
view with A piaba, declared that they would have
blood for blood, to revenge the outrage. Since
these occurrences, however, events have taken
place, which show that these professions were of
no avail."
Mr. B. said that here was an instance of treache-
ry, of which there was no parallel in Indian war-
fare. With all their treachery, the treaty ground
is a sacred spot with the Indians; but here, in the
very articles of a treaty itself, they plan a murder-
ous destruction of an officer whom they solicited to
be sent with them as their protector; and, lo grati-
fy all their passions of murder and robb ry at once,
they stipulate to have their victims sent to a re-
mole point, with settlers and traders, as well as
soldiers, and with a supply of goods. All this
they arranged;and too successfully did they execute
the plan. And this was the beginning of their exe-
cutio* of the treaty. Massacres, assassinations,
robberies, and house burnings, have followed it np,
until the suburbs of St. Augustine and Tallahassee
are stained with blood, and blackened with fire.
About seventy murders have since taken place, in-
cluding the destruction of the ship wrecked crews
and .passengers on the southern extremity of the
peninsula.
The plan of Congress has, then, been tried; the
experiment of negotiation has been tried, and has
ended disastrously and cruelly for us, and with
greatly augmenting the confidence and ferooity of
the enemy. It puts an end to all idea of finishing
the war there by peaceable negotiation. Chastise-
ment is what is due to these Indians, and what they
expect. They mean (o keep no faith with the Go-
vernment; and henceforth they will expect no faith
to be reposed in them. The i-sue is now made;
we have to expel them by force, or give op forty-
five thousand square miles of teritory—much of
it an old settled country—to be ravaged by this
banditti.
The plan of Congress has been tried, and has
ended in disaster; the military have done all that
m litary can do ; the Administration have now in
toe country all the troops which can be spared for
the purpose. They have there the one-half of our
regular infantry, to wit, four regiments out of
eight; they have there the one half of our dragoons,
to wit, one regiment; they even have there a part of
our artillery, to wit, one regiment; and they have
besides, there, a part of the naval force to scour the
coasts and inlets; ami, in addition to all this, ten com-
panies of Florida voluntee s. No more of our troops
can be spare 1 for that purpose; the West and the
NoruYrequire the remainder, and more than the re-
mainder. The Administration can do no more
jhan it has done with the mean* at its command.
«is laid under the necessity of asking other means ;
Md the armed settlers provided for in this bill aje
the principal means required. One thousand troops
for the war, is all that is asked in addition to the
settlers, in this bill.
Thii then is the point we are at: To choose be-
tween granting lhe.ve means, or doing nothing! Yes,
sir, to chose between the recommendations of the
Administration, and nothing! I say, these, or no-
thing; for I presume Congress will not prescribe
another attempt at negotiation; no one will recom-
mend an increase of 10,000 regular troops; no one
will recommend a draft of 10,000 militia. It is,
then, the plan cf the Administration, or nothing;
and this brings us to the question, whether the Go-
vernment can now fold its arms, leave the regu-
lars to man their posts, and abandon the country
to the Indians? This is now the question; and to
this point I will direct the observations which
make it impossible for us to abdicate our duty, and
abandon the country to the Indians.
In the first place, it is our constitutional duty to
extend protection to the people of Florida. They
are a part of our Confederacy—a portion of our
Union—and are entitled to protection under the
provisions of our Const.tution! Defence and pro-
tection were the great objects of the Union. Tnese
objects are placed in the front of the Constitution,
and extend to the people of a Territory as well as
tu the citizens of a State. The people of Florida
have a clear constitutional right to demand pro'ec-
tion from Congress—to demand it as a right, not
solicit it as a favor. The inhabit, nts of the five
depopulated counties are in the most deplorable
condition. Driven from their homes, their houses
burnt, their fields destroyed, many families massa-
ced, and this the case for four full years past.
Where is the instance of such devastation—of such
desolation—in almost any civilized countr}? There
is scarcely a civilized Government in the world
which has witnested such an event; ¡t is humiliating
and mortifying to us. It is a state of things which
our Constitution forbids, and which it is the boun
den duty of Congress to terminate. It is the
bounden duty of Congress to restore these people to
their homes.
In the next piare, independently of constitutional
duty, we owe assistance and protection to these
people from humanity and compassion. They are
white people and Christians. They are of our own
race; they have suffered every extremity and every
horror known to Indian warfare. The mother and
the babe, the father and his children, the husband
and his wife, the slave and bis master, all, all,
have been doomed to one undistinguished massa-
cre. No prisoner has ever been made in this
war ! Let tkat fact be remembered. Let it be re-
membered that, while in every Indian war which
ever took place before,'some prisoners were made
—some lives were spared, 3 et, in this ca.se, there
have been none. Every thing has perished that
fell into the hands of the Indian. I know that, ac-
cording to the pseudo-philanthropy of the day,
wbi'e people have but a poor chance for compas-
sian against negroes and Indians. Modern cm-
passion is too often black and yellow, not while;
the tears and sorrows of many are for ths Indian
that massacres a family, and not for the victims of
his cruelly. I know this; still I hope, that the white
Christian race wil still findsympathizers in their suf-
ferings, and the prolection to which they are con-
s'itutionally entitle 1.
In the third place, the interests of commerce re-
quire the peninsula cf Florida to te cleared of
marauders, covered with an orderly population,
and subjected to regular Government. Every body
knows toe dangers of navigation, especially at the
season of the cqainoxes, round that peninsula; and
every body knows that the greit commerce be-
tween the Gulf cf Mexico and the Atlantic ports
and Europe, passes that way. Every fall we hear
of shipwrecks in that quarter, and since these
Indians have been hostile, we know that every
person wrecked, who speaks our language, is put
to death. Yes, death to an American citizen to
speak his own language in his own country ! We
want a population to succor, not to murder, dis-
tressed crews. We want our light-house rebuilt at
Cape Sable, which has been destroyed for years.
We want law and Government there to drive off
the pirates, now disguised as Indian?, who make
that ground iheir haunt, and carry on their mur-
ders and robberies under the disguise of Spanish
Indians. In the name of COMMERCE, I de-
mand the passage of this bill as the means, and
the only means, of protecting vessels and their
crews at that cape.
In the fourih place, the interest of the whole
South, and the military and naval defence of the
gulf coast, and of the gulf itself, all require the
peninsula of Florida to be settled. That peninsula
is the salient angle of the South: it projects five
decrees beyond the general frontier line of the
South; it goes down to the neighborhood of Key
West; and approaches the British possessions in
the Bahama islands. No military eye can look
upon a map of the South without seeing in this
peninsula the point of attack, and defence, for all
that region. Unoccupied by us, and it will be oc-
cupied by our enemy in time of war; and there the
lever would find its fulcium which is to raise the
black population of the South. It is by that means
only that we can have a land communication with
our naval station at Key West. In a military
po nt of view, then, the possession of this peninsu-
la is indispensable to us. It is a link in the chain
of the national defence. It is in vain to say tbat
we are ready for a war with any foreign power un-
til this tongue of land is occupied by us, and forti-
fied and defended by us.
I assume it then as a point granted, that Florida
cannot be given up—that she cannot be abandoned
—that she cannot be left in her present state.
What then is to be done? Rake an army of ten
thousand men to go there to fight? Why, the
men who are there now can find nobody to fight!
It is t*o years since a fight has been had; it is
two years s!nce we have heard of a fight. Ten
men, who will avoid surprises and ambuscades,
can now go from one end of Florida to the other.
As warriors, these Indians no longer appear; it is
only as assassins, as robbers, as incendiaries, that
they lurk about. The country wants settlers, not
an army. It has wanted these settlers for two
years; and th!s bill provides for them, and offers
them the proper inducements to go. And here I
take the three great positions, that this bill is the
appropriate remedy; that it is the efficient
remedy; that it is the cheap remedy, for the
cure of the Florida difficulties. It is tie ap-
propriate remedy; for what is now wanted, is
not an army to fight, but settlers and cultivator*
to retain possession of the country, and to defeBd
their possessions. We wantpeople to take possession,
and keep p. ssession; and the armed cultivator is
the man for tbat. The b'oc&house is the fiist
houss to be built in an Indian country; the stockade
is t\,e first fence to be put up. Within that block-
hous , and a gfew of them together—a hollow
square of blockhouses, two hundnd yards apart,
and enclosing a good field—safe habitations are
found for families. The faithful mat ff, to gite
notice of the approach of danger, and a few trus'y
rifles in brave hands, make all safe. Cultivation
and defence then goes hand in hand. The heart (f
the Indian sickens when he hears the crowing of
the cock, the barking of the dog, the sound of the
axe, and the crack of ihe rifle. These are the true
evidences of the dominion of the white man; these
are the proof that the owner has come and means
to stay; and then they feel it to be time for tbem to
go. While soldiers alone are in the country, they
feel their presence to be temporary; that they are
mere sojourners in the land, and sooner or later
mu*t go away. ít is the settler alone, the aimed
settler, whose presence announces the dominion of
the white man.
It is the most efficient remedy. On this point
we can speak witi confidence, for the other reme-
dies have been tried, and have failed. The other
remed'es are to catch the Indians, and remove
them; or, to negotiate wi h them, and induce tbem
to go off. Both have been tried; both are ex-
hausted' No human being now thinks that our
sold.ers can catch these Indians; no one now c-e-
lieves in the possibility of removing them by treaty.
No oth?r course remains to be tried, but the armed
sett ement; and that is so obvious, that^uhftculi
to see how anyone that has read history orha.
heard how this new world waasert'ed, w how Ken-
