74_______________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.________________Jan. 1840.
26th Co Q""1st. Sbss.___________Armed occupation of Florida—Mr. Tappan—Preston.                                             Senate.
tucky and Tennessie were settled, can balk, or
hesitate about i . Three hundred and twenty
acres ot land, to be selected by the settler, and the
other inducements in the bill, will attract to the
country the stout hearts, the strong arms, and the
enterprising spirits of the Sutes. In no way can a
young man, or a man with a family, do as much
for himself, by his own mean;, and without capi-
tal, as by becoming a settler under this bill.
Fioally, this is the cheapest mode of getting the
Indians out of Florida.     It will cost less money
than any other mode; and that is a considt ration
cot to be neglected at any time, and especially at
the present time.     The main cost will be in land,
which land is now useless to us, and most remain
se until the Indians are removed.   The peninsula
contains 26.000,000 of acres; 3,200,000 of that
quantity will pay the debt which  we contract to
the settler?.     They conquer it before they get it,
and at the same time they conquer six times as
much more for the United States as they get for
themselves.   Compare this to what it must cost to
undertake to cover the country with troops  under
pay until the object is accomplished.   Twenty mil-
lions of dollars are supposed to have been expended
in military operations; and that has brought things
to the point where military can do but little more.
They have broken, dispersed and scattered the
enemy, and cannot get a fight oat of them.     In
two yeais there has been no fight—none since
the   affairs  of Okeechobee and Caloosahatchee.
There   has   not   been   an    Indian   killed    or
taken   by   our   troops,    the    treacherous    vi-
siter*    who    were    detained    being    excepted;
in two years there has harJly been an Indian
killed, taken, or removed.   Now how long will it
take, and what will be expense, of clearing the
Territory at this rate?   Let any one look at what
has been done for two j ears past, and even look at
the expense of these two years, and then say how
long it will take, and how much it will cost, to
finish at the same rate?   The fact is, the military
have done the'r part; they have finished their part;
they have accomplished what it is the part of arms
to do.   They have cleared ths field; they have
broken up, and broken down, the enemj; they
have whipped all Ihey could find; there is no h n?er
a military operation to be performed-  They have
also made roads and bridges, and established many
posts.   The country is ready, and has been ready
for two yea's, for settlement and   occupation—
arm°d settlement, and arme 1 occupation—for the
settlement which beging^ in blockhoiis sands at ion?,
and af.erwards spreads  to farms and neighborhoods.
This is what the country is now ready for; and what
we have to do is to offer inducements to the exiled
families t j return, and to new settlers to go.   Five
counties have been depopulated; the inhabitants of
five counties have been driven from their homes;
this bill is intended to induce  them to return, and
others along with them.   The indue mentó are libe-
ral ; they ought to be effective, and probably will
be.   Such inducements have been effec iv e in all
ages, and in all countries, and can hardly fail in
this ins'ance.   Armed occupation, with a donation
of land to each settler, is the appropri- te way of
settling new ciunires.    It is the way this whole
continent has been settled.   In the present case, it
is the only remaining way to be tried.   Armies and
troops have done their part, and prepared the coun-
try for the return cf its exiled inhabitants, and for
the coming of new ones.
The placing 10,000 armed settlers in the country
will reverse the character of the contest.   Now the
contest is to drive out the Indians ; thei the strug-
gle will be to drive out the whites.   The burthen is
now upon us ; it will then Le upon them.   They
w ill have to go to work to dislodge our 10,000 s t-
tlers ; and th s they can never do.   Ths, then, is a
master stroke.   It reverses the character of the
contest; it  reverses the labors of the parties; it
pnts all the labors of the contest on the shoulde s
of the Indians.    It gives them that to do which they
cannot do; and under the full sense of the impos-
sibility of doing which, they must soon despair and
give up.
Mr. B. concluded with reminding the Senate of
the Roman maxim, when a colony was in danger,
and ths mother country wasting t-.me in t'ehbera-
ting upon the means of relief. Deliberal Roma,
pent Sagunlum, was their expressive rmxim. Sa-
guntum perishes while Rome deliberates; and this
is truly the cate of Florida. That beautiful and
unfortunate Territory, a prey to savage Indians
and to legalized plunderers, is in the most deplora-
hle and calamitous condition. It is, truly, the
empty and bloody skin of an immolated victim.
Mr. TAPPAN ro e and said:
Mr.Presdent: I am in favor of the object of
the bill for "the armed occupation and se.tlement
of Florida," and deem some such measure neces-
sary to put an end to the protracted war with the
Seminóle5; but while I am in favor of the object of
this bill, I do not approve all its details, or believe
that it will be erlec'ual fur its object without consi-
derable change in those details.
The bill proposes to establish military post? of
armed settlers, to be aided by regular troops—forti-
fied posts with from forty to an hundred settlers in
each—and to keep up and maintain these po<-ts in
such number a<¡ to require ten thousand settlers to
be distributed in them ever Floida, and to retain
possession of them until the close of the war; that
is, until they shall have exterminated or diiven out
the present Indian inhabitants. For this service,
afer the war slnll be ended, and afer the land
shall be surveyed and land offices established, the
settlers may have, as a gift, three hundred and
twenty acres of land; a small pittance for such ser-
vices. But, sir, be that as it may, you will not get
good men for it; such men as you ought to invite
and encourage to settle Florida. The men you
will probably obtain, under this law, will be the
idle and worthless.population of our large cities;
men who will accept your offerfor the subsistence it
offers them, and not men hardy and vigorous, who
will possess and till the soil with arons in their
hands; they will remain in your stockades, fattening
on their rations, instead of clearing the forests and
ploughing the prairies.
My fiiend from Missouri re'ers to the manner
in which the land of Canaan was conquered, as an
examp'e of the manner in which he wishes Florida
to be conquered. Ne ther the gentleman's explo-
ration of ancient hist >ry, or mine, goes back to the
first settlement of that country; but if he will revise
his reading as to the I^raelitish conquest, he will
find that it was not precisely as he proposes to oc-
cupy and conquer F.orida, that that conquest was
acrnev ed.
That conquest was made like the later conquests
of Timour; it was a sweeping inundation of barba-
rian hordes—invading and exterminating, not a
few scattered savages, hiding in the hammocks
and everglades of Florida, but a civilized people
inhabiting walled towns, and cultivating the whole
of their fiuitful land like a garden. The con-
querors, in reward of their service, took immediate
possession, and. divided out among themselves olí
the lands and buildings, the silver, the gold, and
every convenience and commodity which their
slaughtered victims had left.
You may raise an army of settlers who will
conquer and hold Florida, if you will but let
them fight for, and possess their own land. How
this has been done, we may learn from the history
of our own country. •When the Pilgáms landed on
the rock of Plymouth, they parc;lle 1 out th? land
within th-ir first rude fortification into small lots,
and divided those lots amongst the heads of fami-
lies; each family had its own house and fireside to
deft nd, and each man had a'lotted to him a few
acres, say five or six, around the stockade, to hold
as his own property, and cultivate, for his own use,
beyond this circle of home lots. Larger tracts were
allotted for woad land and pasturage, as well as
forgia'tn. When the population increased, or dis-
agreed, a new town was begun at a suitable d s-
tance, in the same manner; and so the whole
country was occupied and settled by men, who, in
waning aga:nst the natives, «ere not warring for
a gift in land or money, to be paid after the na-
tives bhou'd be expelled or d stroyed, but for
lands and buildings, for fi Ids and orchards, in pos-
sesion and enjoyment. You may getfhesame kind
cf bold and hardy men to conquT and settle Florida,
as conquered and settled New England; but you
must hold out iufficient inducements for sueh men
to undertake its conquest and settlement. It is cot
the idleness and rations of a Uockade which w.ll
do this, but the immediate possession and owner-
ship of a liberal portion of the soil they combat for
and conquer.
I hope, sir, that this bill will be amended so as
to give the se tiers a part, if not the whole, of the
land you design for them, as toon as they can take
possession of it; and I will then support it as a
measure both useful and necessary.
Mr. PRESTON said, undoubtedly, as had been
urged by the chairman of the Military Committee,
it was very important that this Government should
place Florida in such a condition that it might be
securely occupied by the while inhabitants of the
United States, and it ought long ago to have been
done. It was incumbent on this Government to
remove the Indians from the whole of the Territory
of Florida, so as to rescue the people of the United
States from their depredations and murders. No
one more than Mr. P. de ved the attainment of
this object, and no one more deplored the inefficient
and impotent measures whaU had been resorted to
to effect the purpose pioposed. And he hoped he
would he permitted to say that one great reason of
the lagging condition of the Florida war, and a
main cause why it had cost so much money and
bWd, was the want of the |iioper attention of Con-
gress to the subject.
Mr. P. would have beeu happy as a Senator if
Government had performed this duty. But they
had not done it, and he believed that Congress were
to a great extent in fault for the failuie. He be-
lieved that the interference even of Senate, in the
proper manner, might enable the South to set'le
Florida. He believed that, if the attention of the
Senate had been given sufficiently to the subject,
the Florida bill of the last session would not
have pasied, but some more efficient measure
would have been devised. Congress, he thought,
ought, above every thing else, to have demanded
the attention, and excited the energy, of the War
Department towards this object. This war had
now been continued five or six years, with an ex-
penditure equal to the whole amount which the
United States had paid for the territory of the Sot 11
and West. There had been bloodshed, and
treachery, and a vast was'e of money, which could
not have occurred if Congress had given the sub-
ject tha* attention whi'h it deserved. And this
w\nt of attention on the part of Congress had
chiefly occurred because the subject had been ne-
glected by the Administra'ion of the country. This
Mr- P. said more in sorrow than in anger. The
Administra'ion, when the war broke out, and the
people generally, and especially these who weie
well informed, regarded this contest as a tiiflmg
affair, that would soon be terminated. It was
thought that the few strpgslmg warriors would
yield at once to the mere demonstration of force by
the Government. Under th;s delusion, the late
Admintsiration terminated, and the present Admin-
istration came in ; and this war cime into its hands
under the expectation ihat the Indian* would soon
be captured or driven out. But the war s'tll con-
tinued, and it wiuld do so, un'ess Congress sh u'd
give it their attention, and call on the Department
lor new determination and energy. Mr. P. le-
1 eved that the dilatory progress of this war, not to
say the disgrace of it, was chiefly owing to the im-
potence of the head of .h  Department. It was not
at all the officers and soldiers of the army to whom
th s failure was to be ascribed, but the want of
energy in the Department; and it was incum-
bent on Congress to point out the course and arouse
the energy of the Depaitment. But Mr. P. be'ie.ecí,
and he trusted he would be ab'eto show, that the pre-
sent measure was a meTe measure of delay; while
they were called on, session after session, to pour out
the money of the cf untry oa wild and visenary pro-
jects. The Florida war had already cost $20,000,000
or $25,000,000. Besides, the Government had
originally given Texas for Florida, and they were
now throwing away the conn ry itself, for all prac-
tical purpose?, and had been doing so for four or
five yeari. Mr. P. believed that, if the late Execu-
tive could only have fort seen what was to happen,
he would have dragged the whole Territory as
with a net, and swept the Indians to a man beyond
