r 
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
Senate.
26th Cono..—..1st Seis.
Armed occupation of Florida—Mr. Strange.
feet on the army. It is composed of men who
mast, consequently, be subject to all those influences
by which men are affected. It cannot be denied
that the war in Pierda has reflected discredit on
oar arms. The Seminóles ought to have been
conquered. No adequate cause presents its°lf for
such entire failure, without reflecting some discredit
on those who ruve been engaged in the Wñr. My
friend from New Hampshire, [Mr. Pikrck,] has
referred to sim lar occurrences in La Vendee and
Circassia. Bat those cases appear to me to be
totally dissimilar to the one under consideration.
La Vendee was a fine, thickly settled province of
France, containing people civiliz'd and intelligent,
regularly organized in military bodies, and boasting
of La Roche, Jacuuelin, and others, among the
most di-tinguuhed leaders in France. The war
against that people was simply to subdue, not
to des'roy or remove. Our own Revolutionary
war has shown how difficult it is for a greatly supe-
rior force to subdue men determined to be free,
unless actual extermination is resorted to. To u?e
a homely phrase, you may whip them, but they
will not stay whipped. Our assault on Florida
ought not to have been for the mere purpose of
subduing-, it was a war of defence. There was no
reason why it should not be carried to extremity.
We have no purpose to suffer the Indians tore-
main in the country. Our design was to drive
them out alive, or dragthem out dead; and the
work, once effctually accomplished, required
no repetition.
The Circassians inhabit a peninsula, it is
true, somewhat resembling Florida, but they
have defended themselves by presenting an
impregnable breastwork at the very entrance
of the peninsula, and driving back their ene-
mies, or retiring merely to rally, but never
permitting the foe to gain a feo.hold behind
them. Thus their internal affairs have been con-
ducted with bat little interruption. Far different has
been the case with the Florida Indians; they have
lied before us, and suffered us to traverse the penin-
sula at pleasure. Their mode of warfare has borne
a much stronger resemblance to that of the ancient
Scythians than any other. They have exposed
oar troops to perish by the climate and by natural
causes, rather than by their arms. Yet the differ-
ence between ourselves and those who made war
on the ancient Scythians is very sinking. The
d'fficuhies with which they had to contend were
real; ours are almost imaginary. The Scythians
led their pursuers ihrough interminable deserts,
«Ivre there was nothing to sustain existence, be-
ing themselves prepared, by long habit, to en-
dure almost incalculable privations, by the half of
which their adversaries peiished. The clima'e,
loo, was one to which their pursuers was altoge-
ther unaccustomed, and were, there fore, ill able to
bear.
In Florida, the country, it is true, is difficult to
pass, bnt not impenetrable ; it is neither desert nor
destitute of food; its climate is such as is embrared
in a part of our own land, tut a degiee or two fur-
ther south than other portions of our country,
which have long been inhabited. The climate may
be unfriendly to the health of our troops, but there
is no reason why it should be considered fatal. It
is far from my purpose t> can any unjust censure
opon the army or its officers, but it is my duty to
treat this subject boldly and plainly. I would not
willingly wound the feelings of man, woman, or
child. Bnt this matter must be honestly probed,
aid, as far as possible, the cause of the disease
laid open. And I cannot but think, and, therefore,
cinnot bnt say, there has been some gross mis-
management on the part of those who have been
engaged in thi* war. A partial apology may be
found in the total ignorance of ihe country in
which it was to be wpged, when the war com-
menced Bat that apology is daily If sing its force.
The main cause of failure I believe to exist in the
unsuitable character of the force employed.
This has net been a war for regulars; it should,
i  my judgment, have been conducted by undisci-
plined, or but partially disciplined, volunteers. Our
who'e experience seems to me to be in favcr of
this position. Nearly all onr successes against ihe
Indian tribes have been by militia forces.   Going
back as far as Braddock's defeat at Fort Duquesne,
the superior fitness of militia to regular troops for
Indian warf*re, was exhibited; and you, Mr. Pre-
sident, well remember the effective charae'er of
volunteer troops at the bait'e of ihe Thames. In
support of this opinion, I am fottified by conversa-
tion-; with intelligent men from Florida, both in and
out of the army; at d I have a letter to the same
purpoit, received from a quondam member of Con-
gress eaily in th;s session. It is very obvious that
this mii't be the cass. Each class of trcops is fitted
for its peculiar field. The Macedonian phalanx
in ancient times, presented to a foe an impregnable
front on level ground, but was totally inefficient
among hills and valleys.
I have thus glanced at some of the causes of the
existing evils, preparatory to a consideration of
the remedy. It is a classical maxim, "Happy is
the man who is able to discover the causes of
things." I may be wrong in my view of the sub-
ject, but I believe the paper system, pjralyzing the
heart and limbs of the body politic, has given rise
to secondary causes which have produced the sad
effects we have so long deplored. But a glorious
light is breaking in upon us, and the clouds are
dispersing. The Government will have soon d s-
engaged i:self from the paper system; the political
atmosphere is returning to it* native purity, and
patriotism will onre s?ore breathe freely. Gulliver
has nearly succeeded in breaking ihs threads by
which the Lilliputians have bound him to the
ear h. Sampson is disengaging himself from the
embraces of Delilah, and rising in his strength.
Separated from the maddening influence of pecu-
niary interest, party spirit will become calm and
rational. The golden apple of discord will no
longer be found in this hall to disturb our counc Is,
and prevent their efficiency. We shall come to
the calm consideration of the interests of the people
at large, and pursue it with undivided aim. Let
us, then, seize the first moment of this auspicious
era for adopting the most effectual means for the
relief of Florida. Lei us give to the matter the
most earnest examination; and, having considered
it in all its bearings, decide promptly and wisely.
The bill under consideration presents to us one
plan; and the first question to be decided is, shall
we adopt it? To those who believe it is the best
within our reach, I would say at once, give it your
support; but b. lieving, as I do, that it is not only
not the best, but will be totally ineffectual, I should
be a traitor to my country, and a traitor to my
party, were I to give it my support.
The bill, I confess, meets me with a prejudice
against it. My constituents, I believe, are opposed
to donations of the public lands in every form; and
it would be difficult to convince Them that this
was not, in fact, a donat'on. But the people,
whom I have the honor to represent in part, are a
generous and patrióte people, and would Le willing
to surrender net only the public domain, but their
private fortunes, and even their very lives,.rather
than an insulirig foe should be permitted to main-
tain his footing on their country's soil.
Passing by, then, this matter of prejudice, I
come to others more important in the consideration
of this bill—its efficacy and its economy.
If it is not the most economical, un'ess it be de-
cidedly tbe mest efficient, it should not be adopted.
And unless the mest effie'ent, however economi-
cal, under existing circumstancts, it should receive
no favor. For my own pari, I fear it is neither
economical nor efficient. In the first place, I am
led to doubt its economy, because the title of the
United States to the lands proposed to be
settled, is at least doubtful. That whole coun-
try, to use a common phrase, has beei shin-
gled over with Spanish titles. Some of ihem
have already been died, and all of them
fo tried, have, as far as my information reaches,
been dec:ded against the United States. The Ala-
gon. title, I believe, covers the very land particularly
desciibed in the bill; and as I wish to have no
concealments, but am perfectly wiiling to lay open
my heart, that every one, if possible, may see the
springs of its action, L, frankly confess that I have
myself a small claim under the Alagon title. This
has made it my interest to give that title some ex-
amination, and I must say that I am unable to per-
ceive its defects. My impression may be erroneous,
but I believe, on examination, it will be found that
the United States has no title to the land covered by
the Alagon grant.
In this state of thing.*, the price we may be pay-
ing to armed settlers, is exceedingly doubtful; the
period at which the title may be settled, is uncer-
tain, and no one can sav what at that time may be
the value of each settler's location.
Whatever it may be, the United States must
warrant to him its possesion, or will have failed
to fulfil her engagement with him. Who can say
what sums the settler may have expended in its
improvement? And all these he must be reim-
bursed, or injustice will be done him. He will
justly exclaim, you have put but a barren scepte
in my gripe, and cheated me with promises, which
you have not fulfilled, unless he is fully indemni-
fied for the increased value of the land he may
lose, and the expend,tures he may have put upon
it. Again: The measure is not an econonvcal one,
if the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clay] is right,
as I believe he is, in saying the conquest of the
country can be achieved upon much better terms.
I believe with h:m that there are plenty of gallant
spirits in his own, and others of the Southern
States, who would obey the call of their country,
and drive out the Indians for ns other rewards than
those of glory, patriotism, and the consciousness of
having performed their duty.
The measure further strikes me as being defi-
cient in economy, inasmuch as it preserves no just
proportion between the service rendered and the
compensation paid. There is no means ©f com-
puting the duration of the war,. It may terminate
immediately, or, like the maroon war in Jamaica,
may continue for three quarters of a century. In
the one case, the compensation will vastly exceed
the labor and privation to which ihs settler would
be subjected; in the latter, it would fall incompa-
bly short of it. Economy consists in some just
apportionment between labor and compensation.
A spirit of gambling must be the inevitable result
of the uncertainty of the labor and privation by
which a certain reward is to be gained. And that
is the very spirit which our country has every rea-
son to deplore, as poisoning its political and moral
health. Lastly, upon the score of economy, I fear,
if this measure succeeds at all, it will only be
through the aid of an army, as large and expensive
as wou'd be sufficient to drive out the Seminóles
without it.
But, as I said, if the measure is the most efficient
let us adopt it without much regard to its economy.
But I fear, even in this particular, it will be found
grossly deficient. That it will prove efficient is an
affirmative proposition which he who lays it down
should prove. I have listened to the Senator from
Missouri in his effort to establish this position, but
he has failed to convince me. I have too often
witnessed his powerful array of facts and
figures, to be unconscious of his capacity of sup-
porting his cause when on the side of truth. I have
too often sat by and looked with triumph at the
sturdy blews he has dealt on the heads of his ene-
mies and mine, to underrate his reasoning faculty.
When, then, with his effort and his powers, I have
not been convinced, I am satisfied that nothing
convincing can be said on that side of the question.
Nor is this all. With all my deference and respect
for the opinions of that Senator, when 1 find him
standing almost alone against the rest of the world,
I am foiced to doubt the firmness of the ground he
occupies. It is true others vote for this bill, but no
one else s?ems to urge its claims to favor with
much confidence. Out of this chamber I have con-
versed with many intelligent men, and I have
heard no one express the belief that it would prove
effie'ent. Many have erpressed a belief to the
contrary; and this very morning I have received a
long letter from a gentleman in the army to the
same purport. But I am told it has received the
approbation of the Administration, and is recom-
mended by the Secretary at War. This, I confess,
would be with me a strong argument in its favor.
No one in this Chamber has a higher respect than
myself for the talents and patriotism of that offi-
cer. But, as I read his notice of this measure,
I rather take it as an authority against than for if.
