s¿
AM>EÑDtt: tO THfe COtf GÍlEéStOÑAL GtOtiÉ.
Jan. 1840.
£6th Cono-•••1st. Sess.
Jirmed occupation of Florida—Mr. Pierce.
Senate.
ce ary tells us that 45,000 milfs of our territoiy is
in the enemy's possesion; and so far fiom our
makirg auy encroachment upon them, they ravg*
and ruin our settlements, with murder and fire,
along ¡he whole frontier, is not this a disgrace?
And ought we not to wipe it out as soon as possi-
ble? I believe this bill is not the most adequate
means of doing it. The exigency demands other
means, which we ought to apply. I will not say
bat it would be better to adopt the mode of catch-
ing, instead of ki ling; and, in that case, I would
advise you to offer (1,000 teward for every one of
the Indians that shall be taken as a prisoner. That
would be an inducement-, and, though I pi et-md not
to prophesy, I am not afraid to ventare that such a
measure would be very effectual. Men would
then engage in the enterprise of the exact character
required. They would inhabit no garrison; ihey
would not sleep in peace and security, furnished at
the public expense with provisions and clothes.
They would hazaid ¡hrir lives to seek the enemy,
and the.r whole obj ct would be to find them, with-
out which their whMe labor and peril would be
lost. And, if they caught them all, it would be at
a public expense of only some thousands, instead
of millions.
Sir, I beg par Jon of the Senate for the time I
have occupied on this subject; but I have been im-
pelled to it by a sense of duty; and I have spoken
from no personal spirit of asperity toward aay hu-
man being, but merely out of feelings of sorrow
and regret at this unhappy and unfortunate war-
fare. We are all equally intent to adopt the tes*
mode of ending it, the friends of the Administra-
tion no less than others. They were almost simul-
taneously commenced, and almost the whole of Mr.
Van Buren's term has been consumed upon this
war. And those who regard this Administration
like a bright luminary, shining on the footslers of
those who have gone before, must at least admit
that this Florida war is a black and bloody spot
upon it; nay, that it surrounds it like a black line,
blotting it out, according to the doctrine of some—
a consummation which the fr ends of the Adminis-
tration will think is most devoutly to be avoided.
I therefore think it best to call on the Secretary of
War for his plan as to this war, and let him tell
us how many men and how much money r-re
wan'ed, and thus leave the matter to the proper
Department, taking the just degree of responsibility
by suggesting a plan and asking for the means to
carry it into effect. I think it the more appioptiate
and judicious course.
Mr. PIERCE said:   Having determ'ned to sup-
port this bill, not without some hesitat on, it was
my intentioB, after the full and minnte exposit'on
made by the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, [Mr. Benton,] to güe a silent vote;
and I should have done so, but for the extraordi-
nary course of argument pursued on the other side,
and the sweeping denunciations of the Executive
in which gent'emen havechosen to indulge—denun-
ciations which I cannot bnt regard as wholly un-
warranted and unjust.   If Senators will withdraw
their thoughts from these general charges of a want
of zeal, foreca«t, and energy on the part of the Ex-
ecutive—lay   aside   all prejudices   which   such
charge* may be calculated fo er gender—and con-
sder for a few moments the nature of the territory
in which our trcops have operated, and mu t con-
tinue to operate—the character of the foe—our
present means, and the condition of that country—
they will be more likely to do justice to the distin-
guished individual now at the head of the War
Department, whose conduct in relation to the ope-
rations on that ill-fated peninsula, I have, during
this debate, heard censured for the first time, and
much more likely to adopt those legislative mea-
sures wbirh the exigencies of the case, with a full
view of all the difficulties and embarrassments wi'h
which it is surrounded, may require.   Thrre is
much  truth in a remark of Gen St. C'a;r in the
introdoctirn to the history of his own disastrous
Indian campaign.   He says:   ''In military affairs,
blame is almost alwa)s attached to misfortune; for
the greatest part of those who judge (and all wi 1
judge) have no rule to guide them but the event."
Now, sir, in this country, there has never been a
care where ibe event of military operations was so
much calculated to lead the mind to ertoneous, un-
just,      ml    uncharitable*   conclusions   as   thoíe
which   we* ate   now   considering.      That   the
Florida war   has,    in    all    its   aspects,   been
most disastrous and   melancholy, many of   us
feel—all are ready to admit.   The blood of our
patrio ic cit zens has been poured rut there like
water, th; lives of many of our must able officers
and faithful soldiers have been sacrficed, and the
resources of the nation have been drained in a
hitherto fruitless aitempt to remove cruel, artfa',
and treacherous bands of savage*, whom no treity
obligations can bind, and whose, tender mercies are
manifesté I in the deliberate and indiscriminate mur-
der of helpless infants and defenceless mothers. Now
that portions of our army, varying from four to
ten thousand men, should have been, during the
last five years, within our own territory, in a con-
flict with remnants of savage tribes, rot embracing
at any time, it is believed, more than twelve or Al-
teen hundred warriors; and that, with the exception
of the road^ and improvements which have been
made, the geographical knowledge that has been
acquired, and the experience ga¡ned, which, I trus',
we shall not be disposed to disregard, we aie in a
condition hardly better than that which called our
troops there in the first instate, is certamly very
extraordinary upon the face of it; and yet, if gen-
tlemen, here and elsewhere, will carefully examine
this map, make  themselves acquainted with  the
topography of the country, and notice the fact that,
below a lme drawn from Tampa Bay to a point
near New Smyrna, nothing was known to any
white man of this immense territory; that it was
wholly unexplored except by the savage, who was
familiar with all its recesses and fastnesses; that in
almost every direction it was impassable fur t oops,
and   especially   for   baggage    trains;   that    for
loi g dis'anres  together   a   co!uT.n   could    not
advance,   without   constructing   corduroy roads;
that,    in   coasequence   of  the  d?adly  climate,
the   active    campaigns    could  only   be   con-
tinued from October to April; that the foe would
show himself but at places where he could not be
reached,   except   at   the  greatest   disadvantage;
and that his force has always been divided and
scattered over this extent of 45,000 square miles,
their wonder at this want of success will cease. They
will see that it has arisen from natural causes, from
causes which no human sagacity could fores?e, turn
aside, or overcome.     The Senators  on  the other
side, I have been pleased to notice, have done jus-
tic  t* ihe officeis and soldiers  who have served in
those cimpaigns.    Never was comrnend.iiion bet-
ter merited.     Never were men sent into such a
deadly climate, upon such disheartening, thankless
service.   There is, and has been, nothing to stimu-
late individual ambition, and the dangers of the
climate alone have equalled all the dangers of ac-
tive campaigns under ordinary circumstances. Still
the spirit of oar countrymen has not been wanting,
even there.     A single instance of shrinking from
duty or from danger; a single instance where the
fight has not beea sought when there was a pros-
pect of bringing on an engagement; a smg'e in-
stance, in a word, where a soldier's duty has net
been performed in a manner becoming a soldier of
the Republic, has not come to my knowledge. No,
sir: surrounded by disadvantage?, and environed
by ciicumsiances chilling to military ardor, there
has been on all occasio s an exhibition of bravery,
of coo1, determined courage and patient endurance,
not surpassed in the history of any warfare  Here,
at least, we concur in ascribing no fault, in passing
no censure.
It would have been gratify'ng to me if Senators
conld have regardtd the conduct of the Secretary
of War in a iimilar spirit, because, to any generous
mind, it is painful to be forced upon subjects of
censure; and in ths instance, I believe the founda-
tion of the charges to be entirely im?ginary. If
the Secretary is to be held accountable lor the dis
asters of that war, it is important to him and to the
country that these denunciations assume a form
somewhat more spec fie; that the charges be made
so definite as to admit of a definite answer. Now,
sir, I call upon the Senators from South Carolina
and Kentucky [Messrs. Preston and Crittenden]
to inform us where they fiad the evidence of the
Secretary's impotence and want of entrgy; where
and on whatpaiticular occisions has it teen mani-
fested. From the date of his fir t official letter to
General Jesup, in March 1837, to the pte-ent time,
do gentlemen find any ihing to censure in the in-
struciions given to the different command ng offi-
cers in Florida? If so, what instruction ? Dj ih?y
object to the suggestions of the Secretary in his
various reports, except that in re'a'ion to the mea-
sure now under consideration II si, let them bs
indicated. We shall then have something to direct
our inquiries, something upon which the judgment
can rest. But now we can only meet these grn-ral
charges by as broad and peat ral denials, and sup-
port such denials by callng ihe attention of the
Senate to what the Secretary has done. To this,
without reading copious extracts frcm the docu-
ments on your files, I shall briefly advert.
Soon after he entered upon the du'.iis if his of-
fice, he received from General Jesup intelligence
that the war in Florifia was o\ er, unless renewed
by the imprudence of the inhab (ants. Tíiishope
proved like similar hopes previous'y ind'i gre !—.1-
lusory. )In the August folio a ing. propositions weie
again made by s.vera! of the chiefs for peace; Lut
the Secrstary, as the co>rcsponr'ence and public
document* abundantly show, was not turned aside
for a moment from his purpo.«e of terminatirgthe
war in ihe campaign of 1837-'38, if a st org furce,
abundant supplies, munitions promptly furnished,
and all the facilities for prosecuting the campaign
with vigor and effect, could accomplish the object.
As early a? September, arrangements had been
made for six hundred volunteers from Tennessee,
six hundred from Louisiana, six hundred from,
Missouri, with three hundied riflemen, spies, and
an Indian force to co-operate with athe Florida
militia,and the stron? re?ul,r c rps cr artil err,
infantry, and dragoons, a'ready at the dispo.-al of
the Commanding General.
Although the Secret ry ha 1 always manife led
the strongest desire to spir  the further fffus'on of
blood, and to save that deluded, faithless, and cruel
people from extermination, he still declared, from
the first, that his only hope was in an active and
vigorous prosecution of the war. Wnen the Che-
rokee delegation went to Florida, with the avowed
purpose of persuading the Seminóles to the'treaty
terms, General Jesup was expressly advised that
the mission was not to delay for a moment military
operations. There was, on the part of the Secre-
ta* y, no procrastination, no delay. Munitions of
war were transmitted in season; suppl e-¡ were for-
warded in ab, ndance, and the (roots were in the
field, ready for acive operations, at the time pro-
posed. General Jesu.i was at the head of about
ten thousand men, and hi  force was certainly suffi-
ciently diversified in character. There were regu-
lars and milit a, artillery, infantry, dragoons, ma-
rines, and riflemen, spies, and Indians; and with
this stron , and, as was at that time supposed, well
appointed force, the General commenced his cam-
paign, to the event of which the country looked
with hope and confidence. He attempted, as the
Senator from South Carolina would expre s it, to
drag the Territory as with a net; ar.d with what
success? Our hopes withered, and our hearis
sickened at the result. The commanding Genera),
I be'ie?e, put forth all his pnergits, and his troops
furnished to him no ground of complaint; but he
shared the fate of his predecessors. The foe was
ne ther caught, conquered, nor killed. I instime
no comparisons be'.weeathe difftrent Generals who
have commanded in Florida. They have bejn al'ke
triumpbant w heae v; r they have met the foe,and alike
unsuccessful in expelling him from the country.
These failures are, and will continue to be, a'ri-
buted to different causes. I find the paramount
obstacles in the clima'e, the mture of the country,
and (he character of the enemy; and my belief i?, that
unless yon make Florida pass-ab'e in every di ec-
tion, andean march a column extending from (he
Gulf on the one side, to the Ocean on the other, ¡his
process of sweeping the Territory as with a net
must prove fruitless. It is a very easy thing to
discourse here of sweeping a country, embracing
forty-five thousand square mile?, situated in the tro-
pical regions, with a clima'e genial to the savage,
bat deadly to the white man,—portions of it, still
