Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO TflE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
26th Cono.......1st Srss.
Armed occupation of Florida—Mr. Pierce.
Senate.
unexplotid, abounding in provisions suited to the
habits of the Indian, and furnishing secare retreats,
known and accessible to him alone—but to do it is
an impotsibüity.   Exper.ence proves it to be soj it
has been ined again and again, with regular troops,
with mihtia, w.ih infantry, with mcuntedmen, with
Indians, and with one uniform result.   Twenty
thousand men, for such a purpose, in the then state
of the Territory, wou'd have been no more effectual
than five hundred.   But gen'lemen will perceive,
by glancing at the face of the country, as delineated
on this map, that, although all has not been accom-
plished, much has been done to make the provisions
of the bill under consideration operative and effec-
tual.   You will observe that our troops, at diffe-
rent times, under the different Generals, in various
columns,   and   in almost every  direction,   have
marched the entire length of the peninsula, from
Okefenokee swamp to the Big water, at the head
of the Everglades; but while they were passing
down, the Indian was sleal hily threading his way
up; and while they were beating up the marshes
and searching for his trail in the region of Kssim-
mee river, murder and rapine announced his pre-
fence in the fertile and settled  Alachua country.
At the c!o*e of 1838, such had been the resubs.
The Secretary of War had tested the inefficiency
of mounted men—they could not operate in that
country; the enormous expense of the mihtia had
been abundantly demonstrated, and the total failure
of the whole was painfully obvious.   Under these
circumstances, what were the duties of the head of
the Department? This is a question which I shall an-
swer enly by statin?, further, what was his action,and
leave the country to judge of us propriety.   W hen
Gen. Jesup was pes muted t) re'urn to hisappropiiite
staff duiies in this c ty, all the troops which could
be spared from our exposed and uns:t hd frontiers
in o her quar ers were left in the Ten i ory under
the command ot that vigilant, energetic, and able
efficer, General Taylor.   In prosecuting any cam-
paign, it is well known that much must, of neces-
s ty, be left to the judgment and military genius of
the commander, to be exercised on the srot.    In
October, 1838,* the Secretary gave General Taylor
general ins'ructions as to the manner in which the
succeeding campaign should   be conducted.    In
these instructions the protection of Middle Florida
against the incursions of the Seminóles was made
the first object.   To attain this, the establishment
of an interior and ex erior line of posts, to extend
across the peninsula fr m tie Guif to the Ocean,
was recommended.   Tb/ se and various o her sug-
gest on?, contained in the letter of the Secretary of
October 8,1838, formed the basis of General Tay-
lor's instruct ions for that campaign. Unfortunately,
* Extract of a letter from the Secretary of War to General Z.
Taylor, dated October 8, 1838.
'•At the «ame time, it will be necessary to secure the frontier
of M ddl" Florida against the incursions of the Seminóles. 1
would suggest that (his may be done best by the establishment
of an interior and exterior line of posts. The first itnmtdiately
in advance of Col Gamble's plantation, which is, I understand,
the extreme settlement which has not been abandoned; the se-
cond to extend from the Wnhlaceochie to the Atlaniic, at or
near New Smyrna. In establishing the latter, every encou-
ragement should be held out to the /ormer inhabitants of the
Alachua country to return lo iheir settlements, teceiving them
1 ito the service of the United States, and forming them into feat-
tilions for the defence of'he line; each battalion having a cen-
tral depot on which they can rally. Let these men be employed
partly in cultivating their fi Ids in corn and other crops, for the
subsistence of themselves and the troops, and partly in patrol-
ling from post to post. In pursuance of this plan, it is my in-
tention to propose to the President to ask of Congress authority
to offer land to settlers, upon condiuon of military service unul
the Ten itory is pacified: but in the mean time something may
be done by holding out inducements of a ready market and cer-
tain protection to those proprietors of the soil who have been
driven fiom their settlements by the dread of the savage incur-
sions of the Indians. Such portions of the line as cannot be de-
fended in this manner, must be protected by posts placed as near
lo each otheras circumstances will permit, and connected to-
gether by goodroad3. After these preliminary arrangements
are made, the disposable force may penetrate to the lower part
of the peninsula, in asmany columns as you may deem it safe
to break it into. A similar line of settlements and posts as that
proposed to be established from the Withlacoochie to New
Smyrna, may be made as low down as the nature of the coun-
try, and your success in driving the Indians into the narrowest
ctmpass, will admii; but too much ought not to be attempted
at this time; and it will be wiser to secure all the Country north
ofthecountry indicated, from the danger of future invasion,
than to overrun a great space, which will have to be abandoned
on the approach of summer. It appears tome of the last im-
portance that the posts should be so situated that the eniire
chain across the peninsula may be preserved unbroken during
the whole year; and for this purpose they should be garrisoned,
m part, at least, by the inhabitants of Florida or Georgia, who
ire acclimated in the low Muntry of the South."
the great and first object of the Secretary was nit
secured, and the exposure encounteied, and the
immense labor performed by the columns of the
army, under the direction of General Taylor and
Colonel Davenport, were crowned with no better
success than that which had attended similar at-
tempts before. In the mean time, the wisdom of
Congress interposed. Military operations were
suspended, and negotiations substituted in their
place; not upon any suggestion of the Secretary,
be it remembered, but against his known and ex-
pressed opinions. The resu't of the negotiation is
written in blood. The obligations of th° treaty
were not regarded for a moment; they were not in-
tended to be observed on the part of the Indians at
the time of its execution, as is proved by the burn-
ings, robberies, and mnrders that immediately fol-
lowed—<ome of them within four miles of one of
t>«e oldest, if not the oldest town within the limits
of the United Slate?.
Such is the very brief and imperfect outline of
what the Secretary of War has done, and for his
full, complete, and triumphant vindication against
the general charges preftrred, I refer to the public
documents and correspondence upon your files,
embracing the details of the history to which I
have thus cursorily adverted. The eve of the Se-
cretary could not be expected to reach where it is
not aiven to moital vision to penetratc He could
net be expected to accomplish that which it is not
given to man to achieve. 1 believe, with all the
difficulties of the case, he has made the best of ihe
means in his power. In cons tiering the measure
[ now proposed, it is material to remember not only
the failure of the laree p.rmif s, with the immense
expense incurred, and the dsaslrous terminat;ons
of every at rmpt at negotiation, but also to bear in
mind tne v. ry irororiant fact that there is no war
in the Tenitory, and has been none for a long
t me, in the proper acceptation of ihe term. There
has been no righting for more than two years. The
Indian force now remaining does not probably ex-
from three to five hundr d men, scattered in small
bands over this extended area. That they should be
expel'ed as soon as practicable, by all reasonable
me^ns, is universally conceded; but the Secretary
who would sanction a recommendation to saddle
th s country with the expense of an army of twen-
ty, fi'teen, t ten thousand men, as has been sug-
gested, to hunt the** thr-e hundred savages, would
not only f nd lutle support for his recommeni'ati1 n
here, but If ss before the people, who ire wisely
and justly jealous of large standing atmies. To
expel tha last wsiifre of th«e banditti, and to give
peaee andtecurity to the whole of that peninsula,
m st be the work of time. In the mean-
while, the settler in his h* me, and the shipwrecked
matiner upon the coast, must find protection in our
arms, and feel tha  there <s security fW m ludían bar-
barity. Toattiin tries'! ohjects,'heinstruct;ons alrea-
dy given for ihe djspo^tu n and employment of the
force now there, and the leg'slative measures we
ate considering, are well adapted, and, in my judg-
ment, sanctioned by sound policy, drawn from past
eiperiencí and pre.-ert knowledge. Troops are
now stationed along the Atlantic coast for the pro-
tection of c1mn3e.ee at JSew Smyrnd, St Lucie's
Sound, at Jupiter Inlet, and ether convenient and
commanding poiut>. Protection, too, is afforded
on the Gulf. By the exer.ions 1 f Gen. Taylor's
force, now actively employed, as I notice by a let-
ter of the lltb uit. the st tied portions cf the Terri-
tory will soon be relieved from «very individual of
th:s muiderous tac. What morp, (hen, is pro-
posed to be done? For the protection of the coast,
as we have seen, rroviston nf>s already been made.
That the setter may cultivate his fields by day  and
repose in pe ace with his family at night, a cordon
of posts, at shoit distances from each other, is to be
established from the mouth of the Wi hlacoochre,
by Fort King, to a point near New Smyrna, con-
nected by good road*, when necessary, and the in-
termed ate spaces guarded by constant patrols. In
addition to this, the Secretary, in his report, asks
that ihe Executive may be empowered to raise one
thousand men, who are to be armed, drilled, and
equipped expressly fir this service, and to serve during
ifce war. Judging from the spirit of liberality re-
cently manifested on the other side, I Anticipated
no objection to this recommendation. With the
regular army stat oned on the coast, and at the
cordon of posts before indicated, such a body of
men can hardly fail to prove, in the highest de-
gree, serviceable in their active operations between
Fort King and Cape Sable. They will, undoubt-
edly, in cenjunction with such regular troops as
can be spared from the posts, be able to vkeep some
of the small bands of marauders in constant mo-
tion, and so to harass them, by pursuing their
trail?, and disturbing them in their places of retreat,
as to make emigration, which they so much dread,
preferable to such a life. The Indians will soon
learn that, while they are effectually shutout from
the coasts and the white settlements, this is a force
which is to be permanent—to remain there as long
as they remain, and to be constantly in motion.
To carry out, to a certain extent, Gen. Taylor'*
iJea of" covering the whole country," this bill
proposes ten thou.-and aimed sett'ers, instead of the
armel force of mere soldiers, which has been tried
and failed. As was intimated at the opening of
my remarks, I cannot indulge the sanguine hopes
with which some of the most ardent friends of the
bill seem to be inspired; but there are, undeniably,
many strong considerations by which it is iecom-
rnended. The expulsion of the savage must, at
best, be the work of time. The establishment of
ten thousand hardy settlers, considering the geo-
graphical position of the peninsula, and its vast
importance in any future war to all the southern
country as a point of attack and defence, would,
in itself, be an object richly worth the 3,200,000
acres of land provided for the whole number,
should so many stUers be obtained. The bill i?
well guarded, both for the Government and the set-
tler. An important provision i«, that the pay is to
depend upon the success of the proje t. The bounty
is not to be granted until the work is performed.
Now, sir, I take our own experience in this war
as my guide. It is idle to go abroad for illus'ra-
tions to enforce eur peculiar views. The Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Preston,] to show what
maybe done with a competent force in Florida,
called the attention of the Senate to the expulsion
of the formidable banditti from Italy by the ener-
getic measuies of Napo!eon; hut the gent'eman
should recollect that the arms of the conqueror,
which could easily and effectually beat up the
narrow Pontine marshes, could have dore nothicg
in the unexplored, impenetrable hammccks and
deep morales of our broad peninsula. I might
ask the Sei.ator what was the success of the
Frcn.b, arms in their own district, La Vendee?
Were they equally triumphant there? No, sir.
Notwithstanding that peculiar country of yet more
peculiar people prest n*ed a most terrible and san-
guinary thc.tre of war, literally covered with fire
and blood, thej rose, as it were, from every con-
quered field with new energy and fresh power of
jesistance; and although, in December, 1793, the
Yendeans were apparently l«ft to perish in a bedy
between Savenai, the Loire, and the marshes,
by the bayunets of the French soldiers, tha vrir
was not terminated, but broke out afresh in
the following spring. It became merely a war of
devastation. The whole insurgent country was
enclosed by the camps of the Republican armies,
under the command of General Turreau, from
which incendiary columns were sent forth to bura
the woods, the hedges, the copses, and frequently
the villages themselves; they seized the crops and
drove away the cattle. And yet we are informed
that the Yendeans resisted this kind of warfare in
a manner to render it everlasting. Now, sir,
where was the secret spring of power on the part
of these people to resist this vastly superior nume-
rical force? It was in the country, in its configu-
ration, and in their skill and courage to profit
by it.
Look at the interesting country of Circassia, the
fervid patriotism and wild gallantry of who*e reo-
pie are now attractirg the attention and wonder 01
the world. It present  at this moment Ae asto-
nishing spectacle ef a free population wh.ch has
preserved its independence and i« individuality in
an almost barbarous state, though surrounded by
more civilieed nations.                    _-i: .,„ —«.. 
Russia has exerted its enormous nulilary power
