Jan. 1940.
-1                                —                                               ■    ■*
26th C0NG....—I8T Sb*s.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&5
State Debts—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
and urgid anew ibe rrojriety tnl expediency
of throwing t!ie whole responsibility on the De-
partment.
He condemned, in unqualified 'erms, the propo-
sitioa to hunt, in the Sranith manner, the Indians
with blood ho nls. He would be severe in any
case only for the.-ake of humsnity, killing, in no
case, women and children, but making salutary,
and even hnmane, though sevtre, examples of ma-
rauders and murderers.
Mr. PatsTON having eonc'uded, and Mr.
Strange expressing his desire to speak on the fol-
lowing day,
Hie Senate adjourned.
SPEECH OF MR. BENTON /
Of Missouri,
In Senate, January C, 1840-ion Mr.
resolutions against the con jtitutiona'
pediency of assuming, or providing
nton's
and ex-
r the pay-
ment of the State debts, oj divejftng the land
revenue to that object, viz:
"Resolved, That there is nothing in thejConstitution of the
united States which can authorize the jeimlative power of the
Union to assume the debts of the .Stat^Rrhich have been c n
tracted for local objects and State purposes.
"2. That the assumption of such debts either openly, by a
direct promise to pay them, or disguisedly by going security
for their payment, or by creating surplus revenue or applying
the national funds to pay them, would be a gross and flagrant
violation of the Constitution, wholly unwarranted by the letter
or spirit of that instrument, and utterly repugnant to all the ob-
jects and purposes for which the Federal Union was formed.
"3. That, besides its flagrant unconstitutionality, such as-
sumption would be unjust, unwise, impolitic, and dangerous,
compelling the non-indebted States to incur burthens for others
which they have refused to incur for themselves; diverting the
national funds from national objects to S;ate objects, and thereby
creating a necessity for loans or taxes, or issues of Ftderal pa-
per money to supply the place of the funds so diverted; pros-
trating the barriers of economy, mndetation, and safety, in the
creation of State debts by separating the function of contractor
from that of payer of the debt, extinguishing the sense of respon-
sibility in the contractor, and making the Federal Government
the ultimate payer of all the obligations contracted by the
States for their own purposes; establishing a dangerous
. precedent which must soon be followed up by new debts on
the part of the States, and new assumptions on the part of the
Federal Government; invading the rights and mortgaging the
property of posterity, and loading unborn generations with
<lebts not their owa; creating a new national debt of large
amount at the start, and of a nature to increase continually its
■own amount, and to perpetuate its own existence; begetting a
«pint in Congress which must constantly catar for new distribu-
tions by preventing necessary appropriations, and keeping up
unnecessary taxes; laying the foundation for anew and exces-
sive tariff of duties on foreign imports to fall unequally on
difieren! parts of the Union, and most heavily on the planting,
grain growing, and provision raising States, to their manifest in'
jury and propable great discount; involvingdisastrous conse-
quences either to the Union itself or to its members, as tending
to the consolidation of the States, and their ultimate abject
dependence on the Federal head as the. fountain of their sup-
plies; or, tending to the annihilation of the Federal head itself
by snipping it of sil its means of national defence and self-
support, and reducing it to the hepless imbecility of the old
Confederation; giving a new impulse to the delusive career of
the paper system, already in a state of dangerous overaction;
. «nsuring tbs establishment of another National Bank; and,
finally, begetting a passion for periodical distributions of lands
and money, and extensions of Federal credit, which could find
no limit to its demands until the national domain was ex-
hausted, the Federal Treasury emptied, and the credit of the
Union reduced to contempt.
"4. That the debts of the States being now chiefly held by fo.
feigners, and constituting a stock in foreign markets greatly de-
preciated, any legislative attempt to obtain the assumption or
securityship of the United States for their payment, or to pro-
Tide for thefr payment out of the national funds, must have th 
•fleet of enhancing the value of that stock to the amount of a
great many millions of dollars, to the enormous and undue ad-
vantage of foreign capitalists, and of jobbers and gamblers in
stocks, thereby boiling out inducement to fore gnera to inter-
fere in our affairs, and to bring all the influences of a moneyed
power to operate upon public opinion, up n our elections, and
upon State and Federal legislation, to produce a consumma-
ion so tempting to their cupidity, and so profitable to their
interest.
"5. That foreign interference and foreign influence, in ah"
ages, and in all countries, hare been the bane and curse of free
Governments; and that such interference and influence are far
more dangerous, in the insidious intervention of the mo-
neyed power, than in the forcible invasions of fleets and
armies.
"6. That to close the door at once against all applications for
such assumption, and to arrest at their source the vast tide of
evils which would flow from it, itisflecessaiy that the consti-
tuted authorities, without delay, shall resolve and oeclarb
their utter opposition to the proposal contained in the late Lon-
don Bankets'* circular in relation to State debts, contracted for
local and State purposes, and recommending to the Congress of
the United States to assume, or guaranty, or provide lor the ulti-
mate payment of said debts."
The resolutions having been read,
Mr. BENTON rose and said:
Mr. President: I am an enemy to abstract re-
solutions, and if those which I present were of
that character, I should not hare offered them to
the Senate. They appear to be abstract, but they
are not. They appear to be mere declarations of
principles; but they are, in reality, so many issues
presented on gieat questions now occupying the
public mind, destined soon to oecupy the legisla-
tive balls, and the prompt decision of which is
necessary to our successful action on other sub-
jects.
The assumption of the State debts contracted
for State purposes has been for a long time a
measure disguisedly, and now is a measure openly,
pressed upon the public mind. The movement in
favor of it has been long going on; opposing mea-
sures have not yet commenced. The assumption
party have the start, and the advantage of conduct-
ing the case; and they have been conducting it for
a long time, and in a way to avoid the name of
assumption while accomplishing the thir% itself.
All the bills for distributing the public land reve-
nue—all the propositions for dividing surplus re-
venue—all the refusals to abolish unnecessary
taxes—all the refusals to go on with the necessary
defences of the country—were so many steps taken
in the road to assumption. I know very well
that many who supported these measures had no
idea of assumption, and would oppose it as soon
as discovered; but that does not alter the nature of
the measures they supported, and which were so
many steps in the road to that assumption, then
shrouded in mystery and futurity, now ripened
into strength, and emboldened into a public dis-
closure of itself. Already the State Legislatures are
occupied with this subject, while we sit here, wait-
ing its approach.
It is time for the enemies of assumption to take
the field, and to act. It is a case in which they
shou¡d give, and not receive, the attack. The Pre-
sident has led the way; he has shown his opinions
He has nobly done his duty. He has shown the
evils of divert%ig the general funds from their pro-
per objects—the mischiefs «four present connection
with the paper system of England—and the dan-
gers of foreign influence from any further connec-
tion with it. In this he has discharged a constitu-
tional and a patriotic duty. Let the constituted
authorities, each in their sphere, follow his exam-
ple, and declare their opinions also. Let the Se-
nate especially, as part of the legislative power—as
the peculiar representative of the States in their
sovereign capacity—let this body declare its senti-
ments, and, by its resolves and discussions, arrest
the progress of the measure here, and awaken at-
tention to it elsewhere. As one of the earliest op-
posers of this measure—as, in fact, the very ear-
liest opposer of the whole family of measures of
which it is the natural offspring—as having de-
nounced the assumption in disguise in a letter to
my constituents long before the London bankers'
letter revealed it to the public; as such early, stead-
fast, and first denouncer of this measure, I now,
come forward to oppose it in form, and to submit the
resolves which may arrest it herí, and carry its dis-
cussion to the forum of the people.
The resolves which I offer, six in number, are
not the decrees of a party, or even the result of a
council, but the opinions of an individual Senator.
I speak ¡for myself in these resolutions." They
contain the declaration of my sentiments on the
momentous points to which they refer; and I am
not authorized to say that they speak thesentiments
of any other Senator. This declaration I think it
proper to make, in order to exclude erroneous con-
clusions, and to prevent undue importance from
being attached to my proceeding.
Let ro one suppose that I am premature—that I
begin too soon—and should wait until the friends
of assumption shall bring forward their measure,
and show U3 the snaps and form they intend it to
wear. If anyone should so think and intimate,
I must answer as I did to a similar objection ten
years ago. I must answer as I did when it was ob-
jected thai I had brought in my resolution too soon
against the renewal of the charter of the Bank of
the United States. Many Senators then thought
me premature, and ohjected to entering upon the
question until the stockholders should present their
memorial and *sk for an extension of their privi-
leges. I refused to yield to this objection. 1 then
said, if we waited till the Bank presented her appli-
cation, we should wait till we wee defeated; that
she would never apply until she had organized
victory; that she would see her majority before she
asked for the verte—and would be ready to gallop
through her bill for the recharter the day that she
presented it. This is what I then said; and subse-
quent events proved its correctness. The country
was saved, and barely saved, from the dominion
of that institution, by beginning the contest when
we did—by giving instead of waiting to receive the
attack; by carrying the question to the people, and
rousing up the public mind, and preparing it for th*
contest which soon began, and which seven long
years have hardly seen terminated. So of this as-
sumption, disgused as it may be with a proposi-
tion to divide the land revanu  among the States.
Immediate discussion, direct ifsues, and prompt
action, is what we want. The assumption party
will not bring on the question, except at a time,
and under a form, to favor their own wishes. They
will not move here nntil they have first acted else-
where. The State Legislatures will be the selected
theatres of their operations; and anticipated judg-
ments will be the object of their policy. This will
be their course; ours should be the rever.-e. What
we need is public discussion, prompt action, and a
reference, before decision, j.o the judgment 0/ the
people. The adoption of the resolutions which I
have brought in will give as these advantages;
they will give us the advantages which we secured
by precipitating the contest with the Bank of the
United States.
This is one reason for prompt action in this case;
but there is another of great weight, and which
some experience in the business of legislation re-
quires me to present, and to commend to the deli-
berate consideration of the Senate. It is theeffct
which a measure proposing to divert the land re-
venue from the current service, (for that is trrfe
form, I apprehend, which the assumption will
take)—it is the effect which this proposition will
have upon the legislative action of Congress upon
other subjects. Assuredly its pendency will have
a most pernicious influence on other bills; on the
bills for the national defences, for the pacification
of Florida, for the reduction of the price of the
public lands, for granting pre-emptions, for abo-
lishing the salt tax; and, generally, on all the bills
which go to make adequate appropriation! for na-
tional objects, or to get rid of unnecessary and bur-
theniome taxation. The diversion of some annual
millions from the Treasury will prescribe stinted
appropriations for essential objects, the sacrifice of
others, the retention ef all our present taxes, and
the speedy imposition of new ones. This is the
language both of foresight and of experience. It
is what a reasonable degree of forecast authorizes
us to look for, and what the experience of our pwn
body enables us to recollect in our past histo-
ry. We have experience on this subject, bitter
and recent experience, of the effect which the pen-
dency of distribution projects exerts upon our legis-
lation. I speak of the long session of l$35-'6,
when- two bills for distribution passed this body,
one of which became a law; and when, ina session
of seven months, the current bills for the public
service were still lingering on the calender, find
many of a most important character were totally
lost. As late as the 18th of June, in the session of
1835-'6, we had done little more than growl and
wrangle for the spoils ef the Treasury. On that
day I fslt it to be my duty to ptesent to the Senate
a view of the mischievous effects upon legislation
which the distribution spirit had brought upon us;
and this I did in the following.word-:
"Thus it is already; distribution has occupied us the «ntire
session. A. proposition to amend the Constitutioo,io enable us
to make the division, was brought forward in the first month of
the session. The land bill followed and engnvwed months, to
the, exclusion of all national defence bills. Then came die de-
posite scheme, a variation of the former, which absorbs the
remainder of the session. For nearly seven months «« «
been occupied with distribution, and the Senate "*■ **™a"J
passed -two bills to effect the same object and to í'™e'íi,"™:
identical money. TWO bills to divide money w ' « " ',£fr n"e
not be got through for the great objects of nat onal ¿>*'™¡*
named in the Constitution. We are nownear ■£«*£'  
seventh month of the session. \^'^^¿AT^^y
the termination of the session, has actuaj^y ^«-          .
of adjournment agreed upon by «^"^ foT.hbor to ha|f
hand The year is h.^«°^h* g.n"ral. the national, an/1 the
l0^ y!^^^nror^atío,UiHsAvhatJsthekstii-Í? Not a
snulTuye?vSSSX forü8caüo, -not. shilling for the or*
