86
APPENDIX TO THE CONGHESSIONALGLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
26th Cokg«««1st Sess.
State Debts—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
ranee—nothing for filling the empty ranks of the skeleton ar-
my—nothing for the new Indian treaties—nothing for the con-
tinuation of "the Cumberland roa.i—nothing for rebuilding the
burnt down Treasury—nothins for the custom-house in New
Orleans—nothing for extinguishing the rights of private corpo-
rators in the Louisville canal, and making that great thorough-
fare free to the commerce of the West—nothing for the Western
armory—nothing for arsenals in the States which have none—
nothing for the extension of the circuit court system to tha West
and Southwest—nothing for improving the Mint machinery-
nothing for keeping the Mints regularly supplied with metals
for coining—nothing for the new marine hospitals—nothing for
the expenses of the visiters now gone to the Military Academy—
nothing fur the chain of posts and the military road along the
Western and Northwestern frontier. All tlu se, and along list of
other objects, remain without a cent to this day; and thos; who
have kept them offnowcooly turn upon us, and say the money
cannot be expended if appropiiated! that it has become too
late to use it, and that, on the first day of January next, it must
fall ¡uto the surplus fund, and be divided! go much for the
bills not passed. Of those passed, many of the most essential
Character have been delayed lor months, to the great damage of
individuals, and to the injury of the public service. Clerks
and salaried officers have been borrowing money at usury to
Support their families, while we, wholly absorbed with dividing
surpluses, were withholding from them their stipulated wages,
laborers at Harper's Ferry armory have been without money,
to go to market for their families; and some have lived three
weeks w ithoal meat, because we m ust attend to the distribution
bills before we can attend to the pay bills. Disbursing officers
have raised money on their own cr'ditto supply the want of
appropriations. Even the annual Indian annuity bill has just
g >t through! the Indians even—the poor Indians as they are
wont to be styled—ever, they have had to wail, in want and
misery for the annual stipends solemnly guarantied to them by
treaties. All this has already taken place under the deplorable
i ifluence of the distribution spirit; but this is not all that has
ttken place," Arc.
This is history, copied from the facts.   This is
the experience of the Senate itself of the baleful in-
fluence of the distribution bills on the legislative
action of Congress.   While such bills are depend-
ing, all others are suspended, and many are sacri-
ficed.   Tbey are a veto npon our legislative facul-
ties.   This we have seen and suffered; and this we
most see and suffer again, unless assumption, in all
its forms and disguises—assumption of State debts,
which is the fruit of the policy, and the consumma-
tion of the policy, of tempting and seducing the
States with distributions of public money—all this
we must see again, and worse than this, unless
assumption is rebuked and repulsed, and its fell
spirit exorcised from our legislative halls.   The
first step towards doing any business, is to expel this
intruder—to drive off this bird of evil omen—to
chase away this harpy, which is come to flap its
foul wings over our Capitol, and to croak its glut-
ton notes foi the spoil of our Treasury.   This is
oar first duty.   When we have got rid of this in-
trusive monster, we can then go on with the public
business; until that is done, we can do nothing but
growl and wrangle for the spoils of our country.
I trust, Mr. President, that I have now shown
sufficient reasans for proceeding at once upon this
subject—for moving thus early, and bringing in
broad and direct resolutions; and for pressing the
Senate to speedy and final ac'ion on the momen-
tous subject of assuming or providing for the pay-
ment of the State debts.   I feel that this prelimi-
nary point is made clear.   What I next wish to
show is, that I myself have some little right to take
a lead in this business—that I am the earliest and
most steadfast opposer, on this floor, of the policy
out of which this crowning measure of mischief has
grown—and that, in now opposing assumption, I
am only opposing the child of distribution, which
I was the first to oppose here, and that on the first
day of io appearance in this chamber; and have
continually made head against it since, regardless
of personal popularity, and undismayed by the
small minorities in which I was often left.   This
assertion,  sir,  is  no  poetical license; it is ns
rhetorical   flourish;   it  is  no   fictitious  or  as-
sumed    self-commendation;   but   a   history   of
the   facts   of   the   case  from  the journals of
our proceedings.    It is now twelve years, less
one month, since a Senator from Net  Jersey, no
longer a member of this body, brought in a bill for
dis'ributing money from the Federal  Treasury
among the States.   On tny moiion, and the instant
the aut tor had resumed bis seat, that bill was laid
npon the table, there to lie during the remainder of
the se-sfun.    The ensuing session it was brought in
again, and I was then one among several Senators
who took the floor, and {.poke against it.    In com-
pany with the Senators Hatne, Branch, Berrien,
Smith   of  Maryland,   Johnston   of  Louisiana,
McLams of Delaware, and Kane of Illinois, I
spoke against that bill; and the temper of the Se-
nate was then such that it was easi'y «ü->po*ed of,
and without the ie>t of a vo'e upon its merits. I
deem it ma erial to the p e-ent sate of the ques ion
to look back to this origin of the distribution po-
licy—to sse the original netted bill for that pur-
pose—and to mark how easily theie has since been
accouipl ¡>hed, under a disguised fotm, what could
not then be coun'enanced in a naked proposition.
This is the bill brought in by Mr. Dickerson at the
session of 1826-7, to di<t:ibu'e am.ng the States a
part of the revenue of toe United Staes.
"Be it enacted by the Senate and Route of Representa-
tivesofthe United States of America in Congreta ossem-
bled, That the Secretary ot tha Treasury be authorized and re-
quired, under such regulations as he may think proper to pie-
scribe, to divide annually among the several States of the
Union, in the ratio of direct taxation, all moneys in the Trea-
sury, not otherw se appropriated, o.¡ ¡he first day of June
next, and on the first dav of June in e-. nj succeeding year.
"Sac. 2. And be it farther enacted, That, of the annual
sum of ten millions of dollars, appiowriated to the sinking
fund by the second section of the act of the third of March, one
thousand eisht hundred and seventeen, entitled 'Anacttopro-
vide for the redemption of the public debt,' five millions be
appropriated to the fund to be divided amone ¡heStates, as by
the first section ol this act, annually, alter the year one thou-
sand eight hundred and twenty-nine; and that so much of the
residue of the said annual sum of ten millions of dollars, as
shall net, on the first day of June of any year, have been ap
plied to the redemption of the public debí, shall be appro-
priated to the fund io be divided among the States as aforesaid."
In the brief debate to which this bill gave rise, I
took part, not in a formal speech—for 1 was then,
comparatively, a young member—but in a few re-
marks, which I propose to read now, for the double
purpose  f showinz what my sentiments were then,
and also to show, from history, the disastrous con-
sequences of the funding system, now adopted by
so many of our States, in creating debts for poste-
rity to pay, and to exhaust, with annual interest,
the resources both of the present age and of unborn
generations.   These were my remarks:
"Mr. Benton rose, not to make a speech, but to read some
extracts fiom a debate in the British House of Commons,
about one hundred years ago, on a propositi >n of the same
kind as that which now occupied the deliberations of the Se-
nate. England then had a small debt, not much larger than
the debt of the United States was at present; she had a sinking
fund alse, under the operation of which her debt was annually
melting away; and she enjoye* a season of pe-ce— the long
peace under the timid administration of Sir Robert Walpole,
in which the debt might have been paid off. The circum-
stances of the two countries, with respect to their debt, were as
alike as possible; that is to say, the condition of England one
hundred years ago, and that of the United States now. In
these circumstances, Sir Robert Walpole made a motion to di-
vert JE500,000 frurn the English sinking fund, as the Senator
from New Jeisey [Mr. Dickerson, who Mr. B. was sotry to
name in company with Sir Robert Walpole] now proposes to
divert five millions annually from our sinking fund. The mo-
tion of the English minister was supported by all the common
place arguments in mitigation and in favor of the public debt,
as, that a debt increased the wealth of a country, and gave sta-
bility to the Government; that the then debt of England was
inconsiderable, and might be paid at any time; that the public
creditors were in no hurry to receive, and that the money, for
the present, could be used more beneficially fer other pur-
poses. The opposition members, however, from whose speeches
1 p topóse to read extrae' , were opposed to all these doctrines
These members were the Iron Barons of the day, such as
'jOtá Chatham afterwards contrasted with the Silken Barons
o a later period. They had the best of the argument, and
their prophecies, unhappily for their country, have become its
history. But the minister had the best of it at voting, and his
motion prevailed. He succeeded in violating the sinking
fund—in diverting one-hall of its amount from its proper ob-
ject, to objects of transient interest and subordinate importance.
The consequence were such as had been foretold by the Iron
Barons.
The season of peace passed away; the long and timid admi-
nistration of Walpole itself passed away; the debt was unpaid;
successive wars came on; and the debt, which was then made
so light of by the minister, rapidly grew up to a frightful
amount; soon overwhelmed the country with taxes, and ba-
nished all idea of ever seeing it paid. The example, Mr. B.
hoped, would not be lost upon the United States, the child of
England. The experience of the mother, he humbly trusted,
would not be lost upon the daughter, as the experience of pa
rents too often is lost upon their children. History was said to
be philosophy teaching by example; he hoped this moral and
sublime teacher would not lavish her lessons ia vain upon the
American Senate.
Mr. B. joined in the wish expressed by the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Haynb,] that the debt of the United
States might be paid off under the ensuing Administration.
He concurred] with that Senator in the measure of the new
fame which such a consummation would confer upon General
Jackson,
Observing some Senators to smile, Mr. B. spoke up with
animation and vehemence, repeating what he had said, and
even going so far as to say that the new President would have
as hard, or harder work, in baffling the enemies to the payment
of the debt, than he had in vanquishing the British at New
Orleans; for there he had his enemy in front, and saw what he
was at, but here he would have his opponents on his flank
and reai, covered up in masks and disguises, laboring to
accomplish what would not be avowed. Ne one would now
stand up and say, *a public debt was a public blessing,' but many
would practise upon the maxim, and endeavor to perpetuate
ours, by withholding the means of paying it; by abolishing du-
ties beforehand, ana preventing'.he acquisition of revenue, or
by squandering it upon all sort of object .
Mr. B. then read the following extracts from the debates to
which he alluded.
Sir William Pultekky.—'The Sinking Fund, that sacred
deposite for extinguishing the duties and abolishing the taxes
which lie so heavy on the trade, and on the people of this na-
tion, ought never to be touched; no consideration whatever
ought to prevail with us to convert that fund to any use, but
that fot which it was originally designed It has, of late, been
too often robbed—I beg pardon, sir, robbing is a harsh word,
I will not say robbed—bull must say, that, upon several orea-
sinns, there ihave been considerable sums snipped away
from it."
Si  John Barnard.—'The creditors of the public are, per-
haps, at present unwilling to be paid off, because they have a
greater interest for their money from the public than they can
have any where else. But, let their inclinations be what they
please, it is certainly the interest of the nation to have them
all paid off; the sooner it is done, the happier it will be for the
nation, and, therefore, no part of what is appropriated to their
payment ought to bJ converted to any other use. Their unwil-
lingness to receive payment is so far from being an argument
sgainst paying them, that, on the contrary, it shows that they
have a better bargain from the public than they can, in the
same way, have from any other person.''
Sir William Wyndham.—l-The Sinking Fund is a fund I
have always had the greatest veneration tor; I look on it as a
sacred fund, appropriated to the relieving the nation from that
load of debts and taxes it now groans under.     *          *          *
"          *          *.    I have,  indeed, been alw.iys afraid
that some enterprising minister might be tempted to seize upon
it, or some part of it, in time ol wai; but I little dreamt of
seeing any attempts made upon it in a time of the most pro-
found tranquillity. It is tome a melancholy consideration to
think of the present vast load of the national debt—a debt of
no less than forty-five millionsand upwards, and that all con-
tracted since the Revolution, (1688.) This must lie a melan-
choly consideration to every gentleman that has any concern
for his country's happiness; but if the motion now made to us
shall be agreed to, how dismal will this consideration be ren-
dered, when we reflect upon the little appearance there will
then be of this debt's ever being paid. Is the public expense
never to be lessened! Are the people of England always to
pay the same heavy and grievous taxes! Surely, sir, if theie
is ever a lime to be looked for of easing the people of this na-
tion, the present is the time for doing it,
"          "          *.   To this the motion now made   is directly
contrary; for, the not paying off an old debt is ihe same as
contracting a new one, and subjects the nation to the same ex-
pense with respect to the payment of the interest."
Mr. Taylor, member for Peteisfield, observed, "That there
are some people in the nation, who,the moi e they owe, the greater
advantage they make, and the richer they grow—such are the
bankers; that by the motion made to the House, one might
imagine that some gentlemen took the case of the nation to be
the same; but, for his part, he could not think so, and, there-
fore, differed from the motion."
I repeat it: I read these brief remarks, made so
many years ago, for a double purpose—for the
purpose of showing my early opoosition to public
debts, and to distributions of public money, and to
show the extreme danger of permitting a public
debt to take root in the policy, and fasten itself
npon the resources, of a country. Both the States
and the United States have need of this admonitory
lesson at present; the firmer, to check them in their
flyiug career of debt; the latter, to warn it from en-
cumbering itself with the new debt, which is
sought, under a British lead, to be thrown upon it.
I now proceed to the consideration of the reso-
lutions which I have submitted, and shall pass
ever the first one, which declares the unconstitu-
tionality of the Federal assumption of Slate debts
which have been contracted for Slate purposes. I
shall pass over this resolution, and dispense with all
argument upon the proposition which it contains,
because naked assumption is not the form in which
we shall have this danger to meet. It is disguised
assumption we shall have to encounter. It is the
national domain which is to be made the cloak for
the operation; and this is what I declared to my
constituents, in the month of June last, in a letter
written three hundred miles beyond the Mississippi,
and six months before the letter of the London
bankers had revealed the scheme to the American
public.   This is an extract from the letter:
•¡I have many other objections to this unconstitutional, demo-
ralizing, debauching, and oppressive scheme of dividing the
proceeds of the public lands; too many for bare enumeration
in a letter, and I can only mention one of them; namely, that it
is a disguised assumption of the State debts! Unfortu-
nately, eighteen States of the Union have gone one hundied and
seventy millions of dollars in debt, principally to England, un-
der the delusive idea of clearing the interest by banking and
railroad making, and with theunjun view of throwing the pay-
ment of the principa) upon posterity. If this immense sum
had been received in gold and silver, I should still deem it an
unfortunate business for most of the States, especially for all
the new ones. But it has not been so received. It has been
received (generally) in British dry goods, which are worn out
and gone; and in Eastern credits and paper money, which last
about as long as a summer's snow. The bonds are usually sold
to Eastern banks for British capitalists. Drafts are drawn upon
those banks, and sold to merchants, who pay for the draft in
current paper, and receive the amount in British dry goods in
Eastern cities, which are sold io ihe people and w .rn out.
This is the general history of the sale of State bonds; a mere
delusion as to borrowing money and obtaining capital; a sad
reality asto loading the State with debt. The thing borrowed
is gone; the State debt, and its exhausting interest, remain;
and rune this distribution project is a disguised assumption
