Jan.1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cow<j.".1st Sess.
State Debts—Mr. Benton.
89
Senate.
her cession, besides the obligation to extinguish the
Indian title to their lands within her limits for her
own benefit. Thus it is clear that the cessions
from the States were not donations of land, but
cessions of jurisdiction; with the transfer of the
right to acquire from the Indians the soil widiin
their ancent colonial boundaries, and which, in
regard to the limits of the State, were generally
ex territorial. The sum piid to the Indians, and
that paid to Georgia, make about seventy-five mil-
liors of dollars which the purchases of the¡ Indian
titles have cost u ; while the purchases from Prance
and SpaiB, the interest included, barely amount to
thirty millions. The expense of managing the
whole has amounted to about eight millions;
making a total for the cost and management of the
lands of about one hundred and twelve millions of
dollars.
I have gone over these details to establish a fact,
and which fact is vital to the argument, that the
whole of the lands owned by the United Stales are
purchases, not donations; that they represent mo-
ney drawn from the Treasury and iavested in
land, and now wearing the shape of acres in the
woods instead of dollars in the Treasury. This is
a fact now established. Here, then, are one hun-
dred and twelve millions of dollars laid out fur
land, and now represented by land. Here are one
hundred and twelve millions of dollars converted
into land; and this brings us to the great constitu-
tional error on this point. Before it was so con-
verted, every one admits that it could not have
been divided among the States. Every one ad-
mits that. Now, the question is, can we divide
the land? or, reconvert it into money, and divide
the dollars? Can we cheat the Constitution by
this transmutation? Can we cheat ourselves, and
the country, by such specimens of legislative al-
chymy and political juggling? If so, we have dis-
covered a very facile way of helping ourselves to
all that the Treasury contains. We may begin
with the one hundred and twelve millions at once,
and then proceed, converting and reconverting,
buying land and selling land, until we have bought
and divided that billion of acres, estimated at a
b Ilion and a quarter of dollars, which figured so
largely in the debates on the land bills when they
were first introduced, and when the national do-
main was presented as a bait to national cupidity.
This would seem to be enough; a billion and a
quarter would seem to be enough; but it is only the
beginning of what may be done under this new
process of converting, and reconverting, the Fede-
ral revenues, and then dividing them. It is the
beeinning only of what may be done in this new
school of alchymy, with our Constitution in its cru-
cible. The transmutation may be made to reach
all other property owned, or to be cwned, by the
United States; for the same clause which gives
Congress authority to dispose of the territory, also
gives it authority to dispose of all other property,
belonging to the United States. Here then is a
new and boundless field for obtaining money for
distribution. Forts, arsenals, armories, magazines,
arms, and munitions of war; fleets, ships, dock. ,
navy yards and naval stores; barracks and hos-
pitals; public edifices of all kinds, including the
Capitol in which we sit; ligh -houses; bank stock,
canal stock, road stock; every thing, in fact, which
comes under the name of property, and which we
now possess, or may choose to acquire: all this
may be thrown into the legislative crucible, trans-
muted from an unconstitutional to a constitutional
sabject of distribution, and forthwith partitioned
cut among the States. Bills to divide the proceeds
of the ¡sales of "other property" may then become as
familiar to our legislation as blls to divide the pro-
ceeis of the public lands now are; and intiead of
limiting our distributions lo the Slates, what is to
prevent us from extending the fav r to corporate
bodies, to individual*, and to ihe drldren of meri-
torious parens? Once descended from >hs safe and
elevated mark of national objects, whe^e is the
limit, where the boundary which is to arrest the
downward course of the application of the national
funds] Once admitted that Congress is free from
all crnstitu'i nal control in disposing of the "terri-
tory" and "other property" of the Union, and what
is there to guard t';:e application of unbounded
means, direc ed by  unbounded powei?    What is
there to prevent largesses and benefactions, in the
shape of national gratitude and national muni-
ficence, to warriors, saesmen, poets, sculptor?,
musicians? What to prevent hereditary provision
for   the   support   of  families,   in   tie shape of
hered tary pensions to successive geneations for
ancestral    services?     We   touch    the   confines
of an hereditary pension list at this motnen'; hav-
ing already an ancestral list which 41,000 names
now encumber; and let it be granted to Congress
to do what it pleases, uncontrol'ed by the  Consii-
tution, with the territorial domain, and all  the
other property of the Union, and from that instant
a pension list of forty-four thousand name?, and
three and a half millions of dollars will quickly be
extended  and increased, ani stretched into the
ranks of posterity.   Na, sir, no.   There is no con-
stitu'ional way to assume these State debts, or to
pay them, or to endorse them, or to smuggle the
money to the States for that purpose, uníer the
pretext of dividing land revenue, or surplus reve-
nue, among them.   There is no way to do it.  The
whole thing is con«titutionally impossible.    It was
never thought of by the framers of our Constitu-
tion.    They never dreamed   of such   a   thing.
There is not a word in their work to warrant it,
and the whole idea of it is utterly repugnant and
offensive to the oVjec's and purposes for which the
Federal Union was framed.
Sir, I repeat it: The Federal Constitution grew
out of the want of money for the us:s of the Fede-
ral Government. It grew out of that want,and
nothing else; and it contains no grant of power in
relation to the collection or the application of mo-
ney, except for the uses and purposes of the Fede-
ral Government itself.
Having established the conftitutioral o' jcciion
to assumpt on, naked or diigui e.l, and shown that
here was no difference between diverting land re-
venue and any other Federal revenue to State
purposes, and having especially exploded the three
vulgar errors, that the lands were donations from
the States, that they have fulfi led their destination
in paying ^pe public debt,, and that the power of
Congress is absolute an 1 arbitrary over them; hav-
ing dene this, I procerd to the secondary cla?s of
objections; namely, the evils of the measure These
evils are in ih;mselves so greit, so hostile to. the
general good,and so big with destruction to the Fe-
deral Union, that even if there was no constitu-
tional impediment in the way, this measure of as-
sompt on, or provision for State debts, should be
utterly rejected for its baleful consequences alone.
And here it is proper to pause, to rt fleet, to look
back upon the page of our own history, and to consult
the experience of our own ancestors in .relation to
paying State debts, before we rush into the same
business. We have had one assumption in our
country, and that in a case which was small in
amount, and free from the impedimentof a con-
stitutional objeción; but which was attended by
such evils as should deter poste;ity from imitating
the example. It was in the first year of the Fede-
ral Government; and although Ihe assumed debts
were only twenty mllions, and were alleged to
have been contracted for general purpose?, yet the
assumption was attended by circumstances of in-
trigue and corruption, which led to the mst vio-
lent dissansion in Congress, suspended the business
of the two Houses, drove some of the States to
the verge of sece-sioo, and menaced the Union
with instant dissolution. Mr. Jefierson, who was
a witness of the scene, and who was overpowered
by General Hamilton, and by the actual dangers
of the country, into its temporary support, thus
describes it:
"Thi« game was over, (funding the soldiers' certificates,) and
another was on tlio caipet at the moment of my arrival; and to
this I was most ignorantty and innocently made to hald the
candle. This fiscal manoeuvre is well known by the name of
the assumption. Independently of the debts of Congress, the
State* had, during the war. contracted separate and heavy debts,
&C. •••• • This money, whether wisely or fool-
ishly ¿pent, was pretended to have been spent for general pur-
poses, and ought therefore to be paid from the general purse.
But it was objected, that, nobody knew what these debts were,
what their amount, or what their proofs. No matter; we will
guess them to be twenty millions. But of these twenty mil-
lions, we do not know how much should be reimbursed to one
State or how much to another. No matter; we will guess.
And «'another scramble was set on foot among the several
States, and some got much, some little, some nothing.      *
II
" * * * This measure produced the most bitter and angry
contests ever known in Congress, before or since the union of
the States. • • • • « The great and trying question, how-
ever, was lost in tlia House of Representatives. So high were
t he feuds excited Sy this subject, that on its rejection business
was suspended. Congress met and adjourned Irom day to day
withoutdoing any thiny, the parties being too much out of tem
per to do business together. The Eastern members particu--
larly, who, with Smith from South Carolina, were the princi-
pal gainblers in these scenes, threatened a secession and disso-
lution. .....Tiut it was finally agreed that what-
ever importance had been attached to the rejection of this pro-
position, the preservation of the Union, and of concord among
the States, was more important; and that, therefore, it would
bo better that the vote of rejection should be rescinded; to ef-
fect which, some membersshould change their votes. Butitwaa
observed that this pill would be peculiarly bitter to the Southern
St ites, and that some concominant measure sheuld be adopted
ts sweeten it a little to them. Tnere had befois been proposi-
tions to fix the seat of Government either at Philadelphia, or at
Georgetown, on the Potomac; and it was thought that by giving
it to Philadelphia for ten years, and to Georeetown perma-
nently afterwards, this might, as an anodyne, calm in some de-
gree the ferment which might be excited by the other measure
alone. So two of the Potomac members (White and Lee, but
While with a revulsion of stomach almost convulsive) agreed
to change tHeir votes, and Hamilton undertook to carry the
other point; and so the assumption was passed, and twenty
millions of Btock divided among the favored States, and thrown
in as a pabulum to the stockjobbing herd. * * Still the machine
was not complete; the effect of the funding system and of the
assumption wculd be temporary; it would be lost with the loss
of the individual members whom it had enriched; and some
engine of influence more permanent must be contrived while
these myrmidons were yet in place to carry it through. This
engine was the Bank of the United State s."
What a picture is here presented! Debts as-
sumed in the mass, without knowing what they
were in the gross, ór what in detail—Congress in
a stare of tíisorgamzation, and all business sus-
pended for many day?—secession and disunion
openly mtnared—compromise of interests—in-
trigue—buying and selling of votes—conjunction
of parties to pass two measures together, neither
of whtch could toe passed separately—speculators
infesting the halN of legislation, and openly ^rug-
glin* for their spoil—'he funding system a second
timesanctioried and fastened upon the country—job-
bers and gamblers in stocks enriched—twenty m 1-
lions of additional national debt created—and the es-
tablishment of a Nafional Bank insured: Such were
the evil* attending a small assumption of twenty
millions of dollars, and that in a case where there
was no constitutional impediment to be evaded or
surmounted. Whal, then, must be expected when
the assuming process is to begin with hundreds of
millions—is to reach a billion—is to cover, in the
end, all sorts of State debts, and is to be attended
with flagrant breaches, or deriscry evasions, of the
Constitution?
With tbi* retrospective view of the mischiefs of
a former a«suraption, in a case so much more
mitgated, I proceed to the evils of the new one,
disguised as aelistr.bution of l.nd revenue among
the States, and a provision for the payment of
their internal improvement debts. In tak ng up
Ibis class of objections, it is proper to show, in
the fir-t place, ihe nature and amount of the State
debts for which the Federal aid or guarantee is
claimed—the purposes for which they were cre-
ated—their present value at home and abroad—
and the proportions in which they are distributed
among the several States. And here I avail my-
self of the valuable and authentic information col-
lected by an eminent citizen of New Yoik, the
Comptroller of the Stale, Mr. Flag?. As
late Comptroller, it became his duty, under the
general banking law of the State.to is*ue circulating
bank notes to banking companies on receiving
from them p'e^g's of State stocks. The proper
execution of this duty required him to become ac-
quainted with these stocks; and for this purpose
he applied to the fiscal authorities of each State,
and received the answers which he afterwards em-
bodied into the document which now con-titutes
the magazine of information from \.h!ch we all
obtain our knowledge on this subject. His report
shpwed the astounding sum of one hundred and
seventy millions of debt contracted or authorized
by eighteen of the States, (in reality by sixteen, a*
two of them owe but a trifle,) and that without
counting the twenty eight mü'ions received on de-
pon e from the Fe'eralGoven.m'n'. This was
above a yeir ago; and, tabinf? into the «IfQhttoii
what may luve be n incurred sinre, w th me t' o-
rida debt of five millions, and  «« "**  ^"
of debt, the whole may now be es¿mated a more
than two hundred millions of dollars.   But con-
