Jad. 1840.
APPENDIX 1*0 TtíÉ CONGkESSloNAL GLOfcE.
95
26th Cono......1st Suss.
Armed occupation of Florida—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
and upheld the^e grants, and it would have invol-
Yfd him in a fraud of the most scandalous charac-
ter; but he did not fo conceal and upheld them: he
proclaimed and cancelled them; and in so doing,
approved his good faith and saved JUSTICE the
L ta:^ of annulling them.
Annulled in Spain, no Spaniard daring to in-
voke or to avouch these fraudulent grants, they
become the spoil of American speculators, who
were incapable in law of receiving them, and who
probably gave but a nominal price for them.   Our
countrymen are full of enterprise; and these large
grants properly divihed—made into a sort of Yazoo
stock—and distributed to influenzal men in va-
rious parts, might become the means of worrying
Congress into a compromise, and thus obtaining
some mil ions of dollars, or millions of acres, for
division amcng the shareholders.   This is the form
which the enterprise of some part of our citizens
take.   It is now twenty-two years since the grants
were made and cancelled; it is almost a quarter of
a century since they weie killed and buried; a ge-
nt ration has grown up, to whom their history is a
sfrarger; and now, for the first time, they make
their appearance in Congress, forbid the National
Legislature to  touch them, affirm their validity,
and threaten to ruin us at law if we grant them
to our military colonists!   Such is the manner in
which these enterprising citizens, with their dead,
rotten, and putrid grants, stand up before us to
arrest our legislation!   Sir, I proclaim that th s
b II for the armed occupation of Florida, is in-
tended to take these identical lands; a- d I say,
what every Senate r knows to be true, that no mem-
ber of -Congress, claiming under these grants, can
rote against this bill.   Our rules forbid such a
To*e; and the Sena'or from North Carolina [Mr.
Strange] has scted worthily and jostly, by stat ng
his in'erc.t   and making known the relation in
which he stands towards them.   Far from being
arretted by the opposition and the menaces of
these claimants, that opposition and menace is a
reason for proceeding with the bill—it is a reason
for energy of action, both to rebuke and silence the
claimants instan er, and  lo create  adverse and
meritorious cl. ¡mints under the Government.   I
am for breaking down such vast fraudulent claims;
I am for di.tributing the soil of the country in
moderate proportion* amorg its citizen?; I am for
the cultivator against the speculator-~-for the mili-
ary colonist, against the avoucher of the Duke of
Alason, the Count of Punonrostro, and Don Pedro
de Vargas; I am for the country, against these en-
terprising gentry; and, therefore, I shall push this
bill wi'h the more vigor since they oppose it.
Having cleared away this rubbish—having re-
moved this brush out of his path—having shown
that these Spanish grants were nothing but scare-
crows, Mr. B. proceeded to answer the objf c ions
which Senators had made to the bill.   And first, he
wished to remark up in the term WAR, which was
c >nstantly use i in this debate; and the use of which
term seemed to carry along with it the idea of ac-
ta il war—the idea of campaigns and battles be-
tween two powers; and fiom this idea flowed all
their nations of the legislation, and Government
action, appropriate to   the occasion.     Certainly
there was no such thing as war in Florida.   There
were no battles or campa;gns there.    There had
ben none such for two years; none since the af-
fairs of Okeechobee  and Caloosahatchee in De
cemb>r and January, 1837 and 1838.   These were
'he last of warlike  operations in that country.
Since then, the Indians, broken and dispersed—
driven totally out of the field—have prowled about
in small bands, committing murders and robberies
by treachery and s'eallh; never facing our arms,
and flying and hiding, so that it was impossible
ev. n to find ihem.    This is the state of things in
iW'da; no war, nor any thing like it.    Yet Sena-
tors osa the term ince santly; to which I should
have no objection if merely used as a term de-
scrptive of an unsettled sta'e: but they attach grand
ideas lo it; t':.ey attach the idea of campaigns and
ba ties to it; and upon this erroneous idea are cla-
moring for 10,000 regulars, or 10,000 militia,  o be
sent to the seat of these imaginary hostilities; when
 >e three to five thousand which arc already there,
w e not been able to get a fight, a skirmish, or
hardly a foot race, in two years.    I object then to
the term uor, with the idea ef war attach/d to it;
I wish Senators to look at the scene as it is—the
warlike operations actually finished since two years
—and the country waiting for that species of set-
tlement which all countries have received in a like
condition; waiting for aimed colon sts, who will
associate fir t in block-houses and stockade stations,
for mutual support; and who will find theirinduce-
ment for thus settling in receiving from the Govern-
ment a home and a farm in a country which their
arms have defended and their enterprise explored.
Senators talk of cove.ine the whole country with
troops; they blame the Adniinistration*for not so
covering it.   Do gentlemen make suy calculat'on
of the number of miliiia ssnü reguhrs it would re-
quire to make this covet?   Do t!iey bring the exact
sciences to bear upon this question, or do ihey con-
tent themselves with flying and floundering in the
regions of fancy and imagination?     Cover the
who'e country with troops!    Why, sir, at the rate
of one man to the squaremle—and certainly that
would be a thin cover—at the rate of one man to
the square mile, it would require 45,000 soldiers to
cover the coun'ry.   This is what it would require;
but to make sure of 45,000 men  to stand on the
ground, about four times that number would have
to be authorized; for such are the casualties of the
service, that one-third or one-fourth present for
duty is more than any authorized establishment of
troops has yet presented in Florida.   Do Senators
read the reports and returns; and especially do ihey
look over the arrays and columns of figures which
the tables present?   If they do, they will see that
the present legal estabi-hment of regulars in Fio
rida, of six regiments, was only half full; that 2,700
re~ruits were wanting to complete the reg'meit-;, of
which only about 500 were in ra rch  to join their
cf.rps, and the rest ti be obtained; that only about
2,000 were present, instead of the  5,000 which the
establishment implied; and of those present, after
deducting the sick, the arrested, the otherwise em-
ployed, only about one-half were present for duty.
If Senators look at the table?, they will see these
things; and that, at the last return from General
Taylor, his force for duty, leaving out commis-
sioned officers, was only about 1.200 men, namely,
95 sergeants, 97 corporals, and 894 privates.  This
is all that a legal establishment of 5,000 men pre-
sents for dniy; and yet the gentlemen talk of cover-
ing the whole conn'ry with regulars and militia!
They talk of il; bat it is all talk.   Thfy will make
no motion to that effect and if we did, they would
oppose us, an! would have good rea«on for op-
posing us.   Instead of covering the coun'ry with
soldiers, we wish to cover it with inhabitants.   We
wish to induce the exiled inhabitants of five coun-
ties to return to their homes; we wish to induce
10,000 other settlers to go there; we wish these to
station themselves all over the country, at least as far
as they will go, for they are hardly enough; and to
these we add ihe six regiments now there ; the one
thousand more which we ask fr r, if they can be
obtained; and, with all thes', we hope the country
will be so occupied by our setters, and so scoured
by our troops, as to drive out the banditti, and pre-
pare the whole Territory for general settlement on
farms and plantations.   This is our plan ; and one
great advantage of it is, that a'l the military will
be disposable for active operations.   They will be
released from garrison duty.   The s3ltlers will oc-
cupy and defend the stations.   At an average of
50 men to a station, 10,600 men will ccctipy 200
stations.   They  will defend all the sta'ion^; and
leave all the soldiery, fit for duty, disposable for
scouring the country and huntirg the banditti.    In
this way they will powerfully aid the military ope-
rations ; and they will atd it still more powerfully
in another fcrai; they will join in every pursuit of
Indians that they can hear of.   They wi'lgoout
themselves to hunt the enemy; they will go out to
hunt game and to search for good land ; and in do-
ing that they go out to fight the enemy; t^ey w.ll
visit from s'ation to station, and they will travel
from their own station to the depots of provisions
and ammunition, to obtain their supplier and every
such travel would be a military expeditic, for
they must carry their arms, look out for the ene-
my, and defend themselves if attacked,  This is
our plan, and how much more cheap and efficient,
and how much better adapted to the genius of our
inhabitants, and the republican character of our
Government, than the levy of an immense army to
bristle the country all over with the bayonets 6T a
regular soldiery.
Senators have thought proper to sreak for ab-
sent officers, and to airay  trnir opini ns a«iin t
this bill.   The Senator from Sou h CaroIina°[Mr.
Preston] has so quo'ed and arrayed the command-
ing officer in Florida; whether with or w.thout his
consent, I know not; but I should presume the lat-
ter, as it is not usual for officers in the fie'd to op-
pose in the councils the measures of the Adminis-
traron.   The Senator says a large majority of tne
officers oppose th s bill: he sr eaks  fur  the great
body of them, and say they con iemn it.    I rejret
extremely that he has thought proper to p ess the
hearsay opinions of absent tffisers into this, debate,
and to array them against the measures of the
Administration.   1 do not at a'l dis, ute the correct-
ness of what he says; but it lays me under ihe ne-
cessity of making a statement \vh ch, oiht nvise, I
should not have adverted to.    I happen to know
the opinions of the officers, generally, upon this
subjfc'; and to know that these opinions, with few
exceptions, divide politically.   A few years ago it
was exultingly said   on   this floor by the then
head  of the Opposition   party,   that the   aimy
and navy were sound; inuendo,   that they   were
oppsed   to   the Administraron.     In   the mass,
and as  a general  proposition,   this   is   so;   the
great majority are so oppose'; and in quest'ons of
opinion divide against the Democracy.   This is
ihe case in relation  to the measure in question.
The Federal, or, if they like it better, the Whi?
officers, generally condemn it, beeauce they expect
', nothing goed from fie people; Ihe Democratic ofh-
c rs generally approve it, because the r principles
lead them to expect much good from the people;
and, as the former are much the most numerous,
so, much ihe larger number condemn a bill which
is based upon the assumption of a good result from
the injection of ten thousand citizens into Florida.
I say the Democratic officers generally approve this
measure.    I could name them if I thought it be-
coming and proper to do so; but not having their
author.ty for the step, I choo;e to forego the ad-
vantages which might result from quoting their
names and opinions.    But while I sacrifice to pro-
priety in this   self-denial, I am nut left without
opinions to be opposed to those which  have been
quottd.   I happen to be in possession of opinions,
coming from those most able to give good opinions,
diametrically opposite to those quoted by the Se-
nator from South Carolina; given under circum-
stances to make them authentic and responsible,
and free for citition and comment here: I allude to
the message of Governor Call, the letter of General
Jesup, and the letters of the Surgeon General, Dr.
Lawson, and General Hernandez, and the memo-
rial of the Florida Legislature to Congress, all
communicated to the Senate at its last session,
prin'ed by its order, and male a part of our legis-
lative documents.   All these are now <p°n to our
use; and I propose to quote some passages from them
to show ihe opmi <ns of these mo-t competent judges,
and to show their reasons for their opinions.    I
begin with Governor Ctl', and read from h s mes-
sage to the Territorial Legislature of Florida, in
January, 1839.   He says:
"Convinced by three years' experience in pros°ctring t)ie
war against the Semino'es that they cannot be subdued by the
plan nfoperationsheretofore pureued.the Secretary of Wni ha 
wisely resolved on a change of policy. The plan which he has
judiciously recommended for the protection of the frontier pet-
tiers, by encouraging the return of those who have been driven
from their homes, and organizing the whole f«icealon° ourex-
posed borders into companies and battalions for the defence of
the inhabitants, and the energy and activity with which he pro-
poses to prosecute the war to a successful termination, is cal-
culated to eive strength to the frontier and confidence ami se-
curity to the people of every part of the Territory. * *
Connected with this plan of defence, is an important measure
which has been recommended to Coneress. It is proposed to
srant a portion of the public land to those citizens who will 011-
ligdtc themselves to settle and improve them.    *   *         ro,,PH
observations on the result of the measures heretofore pur u u
for the removal of the Indians, have brought me f°r"l,J™, l"e
conclusion, that it cannot be done without a cha''«eh0'fI, ' ,f'
The fores,'must be subdued befor*.the*™^nJem™?£
conquered.   Every inch of ground iak<-n"ii
firmly held by Pif^^'^^A^^X the
and make the wilderness then home,   i           .    j. ^       -,
savage would gradually mure before the approach. <M tne «vu-
