$6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
Senr te.
26th ConO'>-«1st Sess.
Armed occupation of Florida—Mr. Benton.
«sdrrmn. • • • * I'nder this encouragement to emigration,
it iacoaS lently believed that 10,000'permanent settlers mighun
a few months, be located in the enemy's country, and in a short
time the whole peninsula would be so completely occupied as
to leave no lurking place for the enemy. The adopuon of this
plan, while it would most certainly biing this protracted and
harassing, war to a successful conclusion, would save trillions
of public treasure, and thousands of valuable lives. * * *
Another important advantage would result frem this policy: it
would give us population, wealth, and influence, and would
forever put to rest the question of your right of admission into
the Federal Union!"
Such are the opinions of Governor Call, respon-
sibly exprese! to the Territorial Legiila'ure of
Florida. Tney bear the impress of too much sound
sense and practical knowledgs torequ're any com-
ment from me. I proceed to the letters of the three
gentlemen mentoned; and shall begin with that of
the Surgeon General, Dr. Lawson, as being first in
point of date, and refened to by those of General
Jesup and General Hernandez, and as oraing f¡om
a gentleman who served long in Florida, joining
the exercise of the military to the medical profes-
sion, and with difficulty indived to quit the head
of a partisan corp?, and the care of the sick, at the
farthest extremity of Florida, to take the office of
Surgeon General of the army of the United States
in this city. The doctor says, (addressing himself
to me:)
"I have, like yourself, arrived at the conclusion that the war
with the Seminole Indians can be terminated in a shorter time,
and at less cost, by an armad occupation of the country, than by
the continuance of a regular modeof warfare. Our armies
have been for years engaged in hunting up, pursuing, and kill-
ingafew Indians in earh campaign; and, judging from the suc-
cess we have already had, it will take five or ten years longer to
kill ofTthose that still remain, and seem determined to remain
in the country. The establishment of m litary colonies, on the
other hand, will change the system of warfare. Instead of the
white men fighting the Indians in their natural fortresses, the
Indians will have to come out and attack the settlers within their
lines of defence, and where the skill and intelligence of the ci-
vilized man will have its influence. We shall act on the de-
fensive; and experience teaches us that we are belter at repell-
ing an invasion than in making a conquest. The Indians will
certainly attack our settlements; and in each conflxt, and in
each succeeding year, will lose more than have Tallen before
out heavy columns marching through the country.
. "Tnis is the way that the Western country was won from the
savages of that region. The pioneers to the West pitched their
camps and built their block houses through the country, and
then fought a little, and worked a little, until the Indians, find-
ing that they could not dislodge the white man, pulled up stakes
themselves, and retired beyond the Mississippi. And so will
the Seminóles act; for they cannot abide in the same country
with the white man. As sooa as they have found that the
white men have sat themselves down near their favorite haunts,
an.l are determined to hold on to the country through summer
and through winter, and forever, they will, after repeated un-
successful attempts to destroy, or drive offthe settlers, in sub-
mission to (heir destiny, surrender to the white man, and ask to
be removed to the West.
"The proposedsystem of operations will have the advantage,
too, of settling the country while the war progresses; and by the
time that the Indians have retired from the country, it will be
under cultivation, and in astate to admit atonceol a great in-
flux of population. Whereas, under the present order of
things, the immediate theatre of action will be rendered still
more desolate as the war continues; and the adjacent districts
being also drained of their resources, the country will not be in
a condition to receive a body ofemigrants for twelve or eighteen
months after the Indians have been cut off,'or have been re-
moved to their new home beyond the Mississippi."
I will next quote the opinion* .of General Her-
nandez, who is personally knrwn to most of the
Senate, who has commanded much and honorably
in this war, who is a native of East Florida, and
has served in Congress wiih great credit as a dele 
gate from that Territory. In a letter to me he
says:
"Respecting the armed occupation and settlement of that
part of Florida now overrun by the Indians, as proprised by
the bill which you were pleased to put into my hands, (with
the accompanying letter fr m Dr. Lawson,) and upon which
you dome the'honortoask my views, I beg leave to state that the
plan is one, in my opinion,eminently calculated to accomplish
tbeobjects intended.   But permit me to say that, before that law
can be promulgated and carried into effect, it will be too late
for the settlers to clear land for cultivation this year.   I, there-
fore, respectfully beg leave to suggest that, at first, they should
be located immediately contiguous to the present exposed fron-
tier settlements within the Alachua country, near Fort King,
and on either bank of the river St. Johns and south ofSt. Augus-
tine, to New Smyrna and thence giadually along the Atlantic
coast to Cape Florida.   There are a number of plantations
with extensive clearings in Alachua county; oa the banks of
the St. Johns; at the head of the river Mataugas; at Tomoka,
oa the river Halifax; at New Smyrna, and also some few set-
tlements on N w river, and near Cape Florida; which, in con-
sequence of this protracted war, remain unoccupied.   It is be-
lieved  their  proprietors would  not   object  to  have  them
cultivated by the settlers, who might thereby secure provisions
for the ensuing year.     *     *     Flint or gourd seed corn can be
planted in Florida as late as the middle of April; and that of
Cuba, which is a heavier corn than either of the others, and of
quicker growth, admits of being planted as late as the middle
of June.   Seed of the last description of corn could be imported
and furnished to  such of the settlers as might he late  in
commencing their planting operations......
I would also respectfully suggest, that the allowance of su
gar, coffee and soap be added to the rations proposed to be fur-
nished; and that these be extended to the members of the fami-
ly and laborers which each settler may bring with him. * * * *
The objects of the bill would be much advanced if transporta-
tion was provided for the settlers—say from St. Marks to the
several stations which may be established on the western side of
the peninsula along the Gulf of Mexico; from the depot on
Black crctk to those posts established on the St. Johns and its
tributaries; from the depot at St. Augustine to the posts^which
may be establish  ! to the head of the river Mataugas, and
thence to Cape Sable. * " * * The importance, and, in-
deed, necessity of occupying the Atlantic boaid must be ob-
vious to all. The Indians have ever been in the habit of resort-
ing to it in the spring and autumn in search of wrecks, which
are of frequent occurrence on that coast. The cou.itercui rents
setting in from the Bahamas, ond the contracted gorge of the
Gulf, in calms, as well as in boisterous weather, baffle the skill
of the best navigators. Our lighthouses are insufficient; and
vessels are driven, or drift, on that shore, and the usfortuRate
mariner becomemt'ne victim of savage revenge and cruelty.
From these wrecks the Indians obtain supplies of those at tides
required to carry on the war. Besides this, they derive a prin-
cipal source of livelihood from fishing in the lagoons and wa-
ters which run parallel with the coast. " * * * I also beg
to be permitted to say that every effort has been made by the
inhabitants who were driven from their homes to return and
resume the cultivation of their fields: but the effort has invaria-
bly been attended with disastrous consequences and gieat sacri-
fice of life; which must inevitably continue to be the case
until efficient protection is extended to them. * * " *
The mere occupation of posts garrisoned by artillery or in-
fantry, will not afford that protection. There were more
murdert committed last year, when, by the close of the pre-
tioits campaign, the Indians had been reduced to about the
one-fifth[oTtheir original number, than during thi whole pre-
vious period ofthe war. ' ' " lam also persuaded that unless
the frontier is placed in a state of defence, and the Atlantic side
of the coast is occupied, the scenes of last year will be re-en-
acted. • ••••¥ cannot close this letter without ob-
serving that I can bear testimony to the willingness of the in-
habitants to contribute all in their power in aid of any measure
which may have for its object ¡he close of this disastrous war,
the continuation of which adds every day so much more to the
serious calamities to which they have been innocently sub-
ected "
So far for General Hernandez. I next quote
from General Jesup, that officer se'ected for iuces-
sant vitupeiation here, and for disadvantageous
comparison wiih others; when the fact is, that dur-
ing his command ht effected the removal of 2,200
of the-.e Indians, which is three or four times more
than the number of all the klled, wounded, taken,
and removed Indians, by all the other Generals put
toge her.   General Jesup says:
"If the plan which you propose can be carried out, the In-
dians may be gradually destroyed, or forced to submit; and I
know of no other measure likely to rid the country of them,
unless, by following the example of the British Government in
their war with the maroons (runaway negroes) of Jamaica, we
employ the blood-hound. The only doubt I entertain as to the
complete success of the plan, arises from the apprehension that,
south of the 28th degree of north latitude, the quantity of good
land is not sufficient to induce settlers to occupy it. North ef
that degree, the country is generally equal to the southern coun-
ties of Georgia and Alabama; but south of it, the good land is
confined to a few detached spots along the coast, on both sides
ofthe peninsula. * * * " I would advise that the planters
and farmers be urg d to return to the plautalions which they
have abandoned, and that the whole country north of Tampa
Bay be settled as soon as possible. * * * * There should
always be a sufficient force in the neighborhood of each settle-
ment to serve as a rallying point to thesettlers, and to unite with
them for the purpeses of protection or pursuit. • • • ♦ «
The coasts of Florida afford as valuable fisheries, in proportion
to their extent, as the banks of Newfoundland; and although the
country south'of Tampa Bay aflbids but little iniucement to the
cultivator, yet a population sufficient to confine the Indians to
the interior,   might find, near the coast, abundant support,
by  combining fishing with cultivation......*    •
I have read the letter of the Surgeon General Lawson, and
agree with him generally in his views. As to the war which
we have carried on in Floiida, it differs not only from any war
before waged by thiscountry, out from any other of which we
have an account in history, unless the maroen war in Jamaica
be an exception. The object has been, and is now, not to beat
and compel the enemy to make peace, but to catch them. No
force employed against them, either in the former or present
Seminole war, no matter by whom commanded, has ever been
able to catch them; and my decided opinion is, if they ever be
c-iueht, it mu8tbewith their own consent; and that consent
wilf hardly be given until they find the white man in their way.
* * ' * Let them be crowded by settlers, and that which
has invariably occurred throughout the whole history of our
a etttements will occur again; they will not only consent tore-
move, but will desire it as the greatest benefit the nation can
confei upon them."
Mr. B. said he route!' conclude this array of
opinions with quoting ftom the memorial of the
Legislate e Council of ihe Territory of Floiida, ad-
dressed to the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States, dated Feb. 8, 1839, and pre-
íented to this body on the 18th of the same month.
Tbe memorial says:
"'Ihe people of the Territory havu hai'ed with the highest
approbation the plan proposed by the honorable Secretary at
War in his annual report, both for the defence of the frontier,
and for the repulsion of the Indians. The cunfidently believe
that, if carried inte execution, both will he successful; that
those who have been di iven from their homes will be reinstated
in their possession; that the hardy defenders of the frontiers,
who have so long maintained their posts in the presence of the
enemy, exposed to every peril, will be enabled to cultivate
their fields in peace, ami sleep without the apprehension of be
ing awakened by the midnight yell of the savages. They are
equally confident that by proper encouragement to emigiation
and settlement, every portion of tho peninsula susceptible of
cultivation will, in a very short time, be permanently located
by enterprising emigrants, who will seek the enemy in his
lurking places, and relieve the country from his presence.
Your memorialists believe this the most efficient plan by which
they can be relieved from the disastrous results of this sangui-
nary and protracted war. " * * Your memorialists
have read and attentively considered the bill which has been
introduced into the Senate for the accomplishment of this desi-
rable object; and while they admire the liberality of its provi-
sions, and are gratefully impressed for the feelings by which h
was dictated, they believe that, although it may ultimately ef-
fect the purpose designed, that this may be more certainly and
expeditiously achieved by an amendment, which they beg
leave most respectfully to suggest; (for a m:lilaiy organization
and pay from the United States.) * * ' * In anticipation
of such a system, your memorialists are informed that thou-
sands of the hardy mountaineers of Tennessee and Georgia,
under enterprising leaders, are now organising, and ready io
march ata moment's warning, to fix their destiny in the penin-
sula of Florida "
Such are Ihe opinions, continued Mr. B. which
I have to array astainst those which have been
quoted against the bill. Compare them together,
and see how they stand in point of number, of au-
thenticity, of experience, and of official origin. On
one side, the hearsay opinions of Gen. Taylor and
some nameless officers; on (he olher, ihe opinions
of the Governor and Legis'ative Council oí Flori-
da, and of Ihe Generals Jesup and Herrar.dez,
and the Surgeon General of the army of the Unüed
Slates. All these concur in the necessity of charg-
ing the mode of operations—of injecting armed
settlers into the Territory—of inducing the exiled
inhabitants to return—and in the policy of giving
land to the settlers: in short, with some little di-
versity about details, ihey unanimously concur in
relying upen this identical bill for the pacification
of Florida; and they agree in predicting Ihe conti-
nued ¡neffic'ency of our operations, ar.d (he con-
tinued ravages of the Indians, if the bill is not
adopteth predictions which Ihe twelve months
which hare elapsed have wofully verified !
I pr< ceed now to answer some other objections
to the bill, and particularly to the clause granting
land to the settlers, and to which theobj'ctons made
are both numerous, various, and inconsistent. It is
called a donation, and treated by gentlemen as a
gratuity; when, in fact, it is the inducement to carry
men to Florida, and pay for remaining ihere, and
defending the country. In the present state of
things settlers will not go without inducement; they
will not go to risk life, and encounter privations,
without adequate inducement presented to ihem;
and that inducement is an interest in the soil—a
right to a prrt of the land which (heir courage de-
fends, their enterprizu explores, and their industry
improves. It is then as pay, and not as a gratuity,
that land is to be given them; and Ihis is precisely
in accordance with the policy of Mr. Jefferson on
the acquisition of Louisiana. He then proposed
that land should be given to the first thirty thousand
settlers, able to bear arms, who should go to the
country, and remain there. The fad of going and
remaining was a renditon of military service, for
which he would give land instead of money.
Senators object to the efficiency of the plan,
upon the ground that ihe land in Florida is loo
worthless—too sterile and valueless—to induce any
person to go to it. They say ihe plan will fail,
and fail because there is no good land to be bad—
nothing but pine barrens, alligator swamps, pal-
metto jungles, and watery everglades. This is a
great error, and will te met by the proof which
shall explode it. I have taken care to have the
anthentic testimony of cempetent witnesses en this
point; and lure it is, in the samelettfrs of Dr. Law-
son, General Jesup, and General Hernand;z, from
which I have already quoted. These gentlemen
were particularly desired to give their opinion of
ihe value of the Jand which the settlers could ob-
tain, and that under all the asfects of fertility of
soil, f alubri y of cümatp, variety and value of pro-
ductions, and facility of subsisting both men and
animals. They answered accordingly, t nd this is
what they said.
Dr. Lawson says:
'There is an extensive range of country and of very good
land between the corp of the Withlacoochee and Siiver Spring
branch, at the head of navigation on the Ocklawaha, and there
are many good tracts between these two rivers, extending to the
Indian settlement called filaklikaha, where there is ancther
body of good land.
"This section of country is capable of supporting several
thousand inhabitants; there is a plenty of game in it, and the
rivers and lakes in the vicinity afford fish in abundance; and
