Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Coko......1st Sbss.
¿irmed occupation of Florida—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
withil, it ha  the advantage of water communication by the
Witblacoochee with the Gulf of Mexico, and through theOck-
lawaha and tha Si. Johns «ver with the Atlantic. In addition
to these considerations, there are several healthy points in the
cauntry, particularly in the vicinity of Furt King; and here a
large oeulemeni should be made, as it will be the barrier be-
tween the Indiana and the white settlements, and constitute the
base'of operations.
"There are some good lands on Talakchop'o, both near the
head of the river where it is called Pease Creek, and on the
lower banks near the head of Charlotte's harbor.
'There are three or four good tracts on or near the bank* of
the Coloosa-Hatchee, particularly in the vicinity of Fort
Thompson, ai the great crossing of the river. Fish and game
abound, I believe, in this region. 1 am not so satisfied as to the
healthfulness of this section of the country; but it should be oc-
cupied at all risks, as it is on the line of the nearest practicable
route between the Gulf and the Atlantic side of the peninsula.
"A few good tracts can b« gotten on shores, and on the islands
within Marcus sou- d, near Cape Roman.
"There is a beautiful tract of land on Pavilion river, ten or
twelve leagues southeast of Cape Roman, and gome parcels of
good land may be found on the banks of Shark river, and on the
shores of Lake Nanitnu, ten leagues still farther east.
"At Cape Sable there is a beautiful spot for a military post
and a depot for a colony, which should be established on a
prairie, running east and by north from that cape along the
coast towards Cape Florida. This prairie inns immediately on
the aea ahora tor thirty-five miles, then turns a little north and
to the interior of the country. From what I saw of the pro-
ducts of the land on the cape and the islands in the vicinity,!
am induced to believe that the soil of this prairie will produce
irt great perfection grain and vegetables of every kind, with
sugar cane, cotton, Ac. &c Through the prairie there are nu-
merou  clumps and groves of trees, which will afford both fuel
and building timber for the settlers. The keys and sand-bars in
front of the cape make an excellent harbor for steamboats and
vessels drawing from six to ten feet water. The waters along
(his coasfare full of turtle, and fish of every kind, and the prairie
and woods around abound in game.
"The immediate site of Cape Sable is evidently healthy, as
are almost all situations directiy mi the sea board; and I hare
bo doubt that healthy poaitionscan be gotten on the prairie, as
the clima)  is delightful evea in the summer season, from the
prevalence ef tha sea breeze, or trade winds.
•There are also good tracts of land on New river, and a great
body of it on Indian river, both on the Atlantic side of the penin-
sula; and near this last river, on St. Lucie's sound, another
settlement should be made. This section of country, being
within the influence of the sea atmosphere, should be healthy;
fish abound in the rivers and sounds about, and game perhaps
is plenty in the country."
General Hernández says:
"I have read, with much interest, the letter of the Surgeon
General, Dr. Lawson, and I was much pleased to find that he
does not think the country as unhealthy as it has been repre-
sented. Coming from so disinterested a source, his statements
cannot fail to to remove impressions not less erroneous than
prejudicial US tha country. His description of the country
around Cape Sable will doubtless attract attention, and I hope
many of our citizens, who are looking to Texas and other fo-
reign climes, may see it, and be induced to seek in Florida a re-
sidence where they will find a soil and climate equal to the best,
and a country just as easy of access.
"Here I beg leave to say, that the country east of the Suwan-
ne river, ia capable of sustaining an immense population, and
must, in (he political order of things, eventually form a State
separate from that of Middle and West Florida, and greatly to
their advantage and that of the country. In this part of Florida,
exclusive of the extensive hammocks and very productive pine
lands, there are great bodies of savanna, swamp, and meadow
lauds, composed of the richest soil, to wit: alluvial, clay, and
mar), much of which, when properly reclaimed, will, south of
Bt. Augastine, produce two crops of grain each year.
"On two hundred acres of reclaimed swamp lands, I made
an average of thirty-six bushels of Cuba seed corn per acre,
while at the same time, a crop of sugar cane was growing on
the same two hundred acres, the manufacture of which was
prevented by the war.
This is the only portion of the United States possessing a
tropical climate. The advantages which, I believe, will grow
out of the adoption, by Congress, of this measure, for the occu-
pation and settlement of it, will soon render us, in some degree,
independent of the West Indies, except in the article of coffee,
which, I think, cannot be there raised, owing to the blighting
winds of autumn passing across the narrow peninsula. Sugar,
Cuba tobacco, and all the other staples and fruits of those
islands, I believe will be cultivated in great abundance In Flori-
da. These articles, together with the orange of the country,
which is more highly valued than that of other places, with the
aid ef steamboats and railroads, can be sent to the Northern and
Western-States in full perfection.
"That Florida i* also destined to be • great silk producing
country is placed beyond a doubt."
General Je?up fays:
"Between the month of the Withlacoochee and Tampa Bay.
there is a considerable body of excellent land; there is also good
land near Tohap Kilaga, and between the Ocklawaha and St.
Johns rivers. I have no doubt healthy situations for stations or
residences might be /bund; and, as to the country north of the
Withlacoochee, it ia quite as healthy as the greater portion of
the Western and Southwestern States; and the whole seaboard
i« as healthy as any part of our Atlantic seaboard south of the
Delaware. I would advise that the planters and farmers be
urged to return to the plantations ami farms which they have
abandoned, and that ihe whole country nerth of Tampa Bay
be settled as soon as possible. The coasts of Florida afford as
valuable fisheries, in proportion to their extent, as the banks
of Newfoundland; and though the country eeuih of the Tampa
Bay affords but little inducement to the cultivator, a population
sufficient to confine the Indians to the interior might find near
the coast abundant support by combining fishing with cultiva-
tion. A fresh supply of water could be obtained from the adja-
cent islands.
There is a small body of good land on New river, aleo on the
Miami river, near Cape Florida, which was occupied previous
to thi war. Two or three hundred inhabitants might support
themselves comfortably on that portion of the Territory. No
part of the United States is mor  healthy,  a light-hoiwe w
•'               7           '
necessary in that neighborhood; and so valuable is the com-
merce that passes that part of the coast, and so numerous the
wrecks in consequence of the difficulty of the navigation, that,
to protect the crews and property cast on shore, the country
should be settled, and military posts be established on New
river, and near Cape Florida.
"There is a body of excellent Uní'* ear Cape Sable, the most
southerly point of the peninsula, which would support several
hundred inhabitants. This it would be highly advantageous to
occupy as soon as possible. A rnilitaiy post should be t sta-
blished and maintained at the Cape. Posts will be necessary at
Indian river inlet, at the head of Indian river, at New Smyrna,
and at one or two other poin a between the latter post and St.
Augustine. A post should be established at Punta Rasa, south
ofTampa, and at one or two points between Tampa and the
mouth of the Suwannee; those points of course to be determined
by the settlements that may be made on or near the coast."
This is the character of the country; this the
character given of it by gentlemen who speak
from their own knowledge, and whose honor and
intelligence places their statements above suspi-
cion. They show this decried Florida to be a fine
country; a'most an island, as the woid peninsula
impoit*, (pmene insula;) and partaking, especially
towards its southern, extremity, of the ca'careous
and rocky formation and salubrity of climate
which belong to the Bahama islands, of which it
is almost a pait.
S-J¿ch is the inducement which the coanlry pre-
sents to enterprising settlers. It presents the op-
portnnity of obtaining, without the payment of mo-
ney, and as a reward for services, three hundred
and twenty acres of good land, in a soft climate,
open to the sea breezes, healihy, and capable of
producing the most valuab'e trop cal productions.
Extending five degrees further South than New
Orleans, this peninsular will far surpass the coasts
of the lower Mississippi in i's capacity to produce
sugar, cottcn, oranges, and other valuable pro-
ducts; and it is here that, without the outlay of a
shilling, an industrious man—any youth, in fact,
of seventeen or eighteen years old, able to bear
arms—may go and choose his own home, and be-
come a holder of rich land in a climate and soil
adapted to the richest productions. This should
be inducement enough to carry the 10,000 settlers
to Florida, and that in emulous contest with each
other to arrive first, for each one is to choose his
land in the order of his arrival, first comers having
first choices. In this the bill conforms to the wise
and just principles of the pre-emptien laws.
But a reward in land, valuable as ihat is, is not
the only inducement which the bill holds out: it
presents other, and large inducements to the enter-
prizing settlers. In the first place, they are to re-
ceive rations for one year, by theend<of which time
they will have raised provisions for themselves,
and the country will be almost, if «at entirely,
quieted. The ration which they receive furniih.es
the elements of abundant, comfortable, and whole-
seme subsistence; with the game, fish, turtles, and
oysters, and spontaneous vegetables of the country,
the ration will fee enough for two or three persons,
lis component parts are: three-fonrths of a pound
of pork or bacon, or one and one-fourth pounds of
fresh or salt beef; eighteen ounces of bread or flour,
or twelve ounces of hard bread, or one and one-
fourth pounds of corn meal; and, at the rate of
four pounds of soap, one and a half pounds of
candles, two quarts of salt, four quarts of vinegar,
eight quarts of peas or beans, or, in lien thereof,
ten pounds of rice, six pounds of coffee and twelve
pounds of sugar to every hundred rations. In the
next place, the settlers are to have an allowance for
clothing for one year, payable half yearly ia money;
the clothing being rated a' thirty dollars fifty cents
per annum. Then they are to have arms and ammu-
nition, which cannot be bss than tbiriy dollars more.
Then ihey are to have medicines, and medical at-
tendance in the military hospitals when sick. In
addition to all this, they are to have transportation
to their stations; the use of the public ground to
cultivate for theif own benefit, and seed grains for
the first year. The United States troops are to aid
in puiting up the block houses and stockades—to
give a special protection to the settlers while en-
gaged in these erections—and to extend to them a
general protection afterwards. These are the in-
ducements over and above the three hundred and
twenty acres of choice land; and the whole together
certainly present the happiest opportunity for en-
terprizing men to improve their condition, and to
advance to comparative wealth, without ike mUUy
of a shilling, which ibis country, or any country,
now presents to the acceptance of its inhabitants.
The Senator from Souih Carolina ^Mr. Preston]
further objects to the grans of land to the settlers,
upon the ground that they will waste and squander
it—will bell their claims for a trifle—and will derive
no benefit from them; and he instances the case of
the soldiers of the late war who sold their claims
for twenty or thirly dollars each. Granted that
such was the fate of the soldiers' bounty land, and
granted that such would be its fate again, under a
similar grant to regular soldiers; and yet nothing
could be more absurd than to infer the same of
these settlers. In the first place, the Florida set-
tlers are to be—not soldiers, but cultivators; the
land they are to receive is not a bounty for enlist-
ment, but the pay which they are to receive at the end
of their service. It is the object for which they labor;
it is reward which is to compensate them for their
toil and risk. They go to the country to get the
land. They stay there until they get it. They
choose it themselves; and when they choose it, they
are to live upon it. How different was the case of
the soldiers from all this. They had no choice
of their land; it was distributed to them by lot;
and tens ef thousands of the grants were not
worth a cent; the soldiers were at an im-
mense distance from the land—at a thousand
miles or more from it—they knew nothing
about it—in many instances were not able
to get to it; they were beset by temptations and
discouragements, and gave up for a trifle what
they knew nothing about. A most defective law
permitted evasions; and the sales, though nominal-
ly declared void before the patent issued, were
easily made to assume a valid form. All this is
different in this bill. These settlers will not be,
like disbanded soldiers, scattered through the towns
and cities, a prey to speculators ; but they will be
at their stations in Florida—in their blockhouses
among the Indians—where no speculator will ever
come. Instead of a lottery drawn by a boy to
distribute unknown lands among unknown men,
every settler, if alive, most make his own choice,
and, if dead, his heir at law, and not a purchaser;
must make it for him. The entry cannot be made
by a purchaser, assignee, attorney, or any body
whatever, but the settler, if alive; and, if dead, by
his heir at law. After the entry is made, there c a
be no alienation of the land, even by indicia;
sale, until twelve months after a patent issuesn
and if attempted to be alienated, a readyl
perfect, cheap, easy, and certain method is,
provided for invalidating sach alienations. In
this respect, the bill before the Benaie differs
from all that have preceded it, so that there
is not the least danger that these settlers will squan-
der their lands. They are not soldiers, but tillers
of the earth; they are cultivators, and therefore
will hold on to their share of the earth. They do
not take their land by lot, but by choice; and there-
fore they know what they get. They are not a
thousand miles off, but at the spot, and ready to
enter on their rights. They mtut niabe the entry,
or the land cannot be had. They cannot alienate
for a year after the patent ¡sanes, wrben they will
know the full value of their property. J"©r all
these reasons, the objection of the Senator from
South Carolina can have no application to these
setilers, however just it might be ia relation to re-
gular soldiers.
Mr. B. then read the sections of the bill which re-
lated to the grant of land to the settlers, to corrobo-
rate the s'atemen s which he had, made; and called
upon the Senate to mark the effectual manner in
which they secured his rights.
The following were the sections read:
"Sec. 2. And be it further tnucled, That at the return of
peace and removal of the Indians, each settler who shall have
complied with these conditions, or hie widow and heirs at law
in the event of hia death, «hall be entitled to   bounty of three
hundred and twenty aeree of ,lawl, to be selected from any «
the public lands in the district in which he settled, in tge pe-
ninsula of Florida, or east of the Suwannee river, or a***"*
keys and islands; the sain selection to be ma4e by the a**'™
according to priority of settlement, •  that fin* *£"'*" "" '
have first choices; but when two «r more eettlf  "  "¡TJ?J-.
district shall have settled on the same day, pnort'y el cook* o--
tween them shall be decided by lot." _..„_„_ M the rar 
"Sbc 4. And be it further enacted, Tha' aaeorm as<™"¡¡£
veyscan be safely commenced,. !! *5B2g£J^*t£i£3?
Suwannee, and also in the P«J«™Í «KSP^i *£ mrvm*
boringW «Ml •*«*   ***&>**** tia¡lM wrv,7*'
