98
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 184q.
26th CoNg—'lST Sess.
Armed occupation of Florida—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
and land office  shall be opened for receiving, in addition to
their other duties, tke entries of the settlers who can prove a
compliance with the conditions menliened in this act; and to aid
such proofs, copies of the book containing the names of the set-
tlers shall b  deposited in such offices.
Sue. 5. And be it further enacted, That one land office
shall be opened in the district of country north of the latitude
of the mouth of tho Withlacoochee; another in the district south
orinal line, and north of a line drawn across the peninsula from
the southern extremity of Tampa Bay; and a third in the dis-
trict south of that line, and including the remainder of the pe
ninaula; and the settlers within these respective districts shall
each be confined to his own district, in selecting and entering
his bounty land.
"Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the bounty lands
hereby granted shall be free of taxes, and unalienable, even by
judicial sale, until the patent issues, and also for one year there-
after; the said patent shall issue to the original settler, if alive,
and if dead, it shall then issue to his heirs at law, and widow, if
he has left a widow, to be held and divided by them according
to the laws of Florida; and every alienation of any such bounty
land, even by judicial process, made before the issuance of the
patent, or within one year thereafter, shall be null and void; and
the intrusive possessor, by virtue of any pretended sale, lease,
devisa, gift, or transfer, contrary to this act, may be turned out
of possession at any time by an action of ejectment in the name
of the original settler, or of his widow and heirs at law, or any
one or more of them, or in the name of any subsequent pur-
chaser, after the said land becomes legally alienable; and full
damages shall be recovered in the same suit against the intru-
sive possessor as a trespasser and disseizor."
Having read these sections of the bill, Mr. B.
appealed to the Senate to say if ihe objection of
the Senator from South Carolina was not entirely
inapplicable. The case was wholly different from
that of the soldiers of the regular army. What
happened (o these soldiers cannot happen (o (he
settlers under the bill. They would not sell (heir
lands for a trifle if they could, and ihey could not
if they would. The widow and the heirs at law,
or the settler himself, or any subsequent purchaser,
after the land was alienable, can easily .set aside
the sale, and that without limitation of time, and
recover in the same suit all the intermediate rents
and profits. If the soldiers' bounty lands of the
late war had been placed under the same guards,
and they had been required to go and make their own
selections and their own entries, they would never
have been squandered away for a lew dollars in
hand.
Objections are taken to the character of such
settlers as may go; it is said that the climate and
soil require large slaveholders; and that, on the
contrary, none but the poor and indolent will settle
under this bill. I dissent from these opinions, both
as to the character of the settlers which the country
requires, and the character of those which may
actually go. I look at that peninsula under a
military aspect—as the salient angle of the South
—as the exposed point of that quarter of ihe
Union—as the poinie d'appui of an enemy in time
of war-—as the tongue of land which runs far
down towards the British West Indies, and con-
slituting a bridge for the ingress of the black regi-
ments which a cruel policy, in time of war, may
direct against the Southern States. Looking at the
peninsula under that aspect, and I consider large
slaveholders as ihe most inappropriate population
which could he placed there. Such a population
would contribute nothing towards the defence of
that salient point. By their large landed posses-
sions they would prevent a dense population of
white men; by their numerous slaves they would
tempt aggression, instead of repelling it; and in
case of actual invasion, would find in flight the
only means of saving themselves and their slaves.
And thus it is at present. The five depopulated
counties of Florida were the seat of large sugar
and cotton plantations; large slaveholders were
settled in them. They fled before the Indians.
They had to fly, and are still exiles from their
homes, waiting for others to clear the country of
the Indians before they can return to it. And so it
will be again, and worse, with the same description
of settlers who may go further down into the
peninsula. No, sir, no. It is not the large slave-
holder,* but the small landholder—the yeoman—
the three hundred acre man, that is wanted in that
peninsula. We want there the man of muscle,
nerve, and of labor—the cultivator, with the
weapons of war in one hand, and the implements
of husbandry in the other: we want such as the
thirty thousand whom Mr. Jefferson proposed for
Louisiana when it was first acquired.
The bill is calculated to carry such men there;
and, to say nothing of more remote States, the
Southern States themselves contain the kind of
population which the occasion requires. It is a
mistake to suppose that the Southern States contain
nothing but large slaveholders: tbey contain many
who own few, or no .slaves—who labor with their
own hands, and whe have the muscle and bone—
the sinew atd ihe nerve—which a life of labor so
largely coatribu'es to strengthen and develope.
Besides other parts of the Southern Stales, the
whole South, from the Potomac to Georgia—from
Georgia to Louisiana—contains a broad belt of
land sprinkled over with a population of this kind.
I speak of the pine lands which lie below the strip
of red land which skirts the eastern base of the
Blue Ridge and the foot of the Appalachi moun-
tains. It is a broad belt, and more than a thousand
miles in length, counting from the Pi tomac to the
Mississippi; and very convenient to the propostd
point of occupation inJFlorida. Throughout this ex-
tensive region is scattered a peculiar populationjpoor
and laborious; owners of cattle and stick, with few
or no saves; healthy and active;cultivating an un-
grateful soil of sand and «ravel; and, for want of
good land, finding it impossible to advance them-
selves in the path of wealth and honors. A bare
subsistence, from generation to generation, is the
scanty reward of a life of toil, of temperance, of
economy, and of frugality. Few who remain
where they were born, are able to emerge from the
humble condition which a "pine woods"habitation,
in the Southern latitudes, announces and imposes.
As emigrants, and possessors of ferule land, a spirit
of enterprise developes itself in these hardy and
frugal men when they change their clime; and th?y
are the kind of pesp'e whom this bill will invite
into Florida, and which the public interest requires
to be there. They will occupy small farm ; they
will work themselves; they will keep arms, and
will use them. To every one his house will be his
castle; and the defence of the whole peninsula will
be the business and the object of all. Sir, I look
upon this bill as having a peculiar recommenda-
tion in the precise fact that it is to people that ex-
posed angle of Florida, with small landholders in-
stead of large slaveholders.
Another objection to these settlers is the suppo-
sition that they are to do nothing; that they are to
render no service to the country in return for the
benefits which they receive. This is an error—an
error of fact—which an inspection of the bill wi)¡
expose. The settlers are required to render ser-
vice, and great service to the country; and cannct
have the benefits to be conferred unless the ser-
vices are rendered, and proved to be rendered.
I. They are required to be able to bear arms, and
actually to bear them. 2. They are to live in sta-
tions, not more than 100 nor less than 40 in a sta-
tion. 3. They are to defend these stations when
attacked. 4. They are to remain at their stations
until the Indians are pacified, or removed. 5.
They are to assist in putting up the blockhouses
and stockades. 6. Tney are to cultivate the
ground. 7. They are expected, by the provisions
of the bill, to make pursuit and search after In-
dians. 8. They occupy posts, and they leave the
regulars free to scour the country. 9. They will
engage in such pursuit and search; for they will go
forth to hunt, to fish, to visit other stations; to draw
rations and ammunition at the military depots; and,
above all, they will seaich every acre of land in
the country in search of good land for their loca-
tions; and every going forth of this kind will be a
military expedition, prepared to meet the Indians,
and to fight them. And fight them they will. Pre-
vented from fighting, they cannot be. The Ameri-
can of the United States is among the bravest of
the brave; he is among the bravest of the race of
man. Courage—that courage which toes the mark
to conquer, or to die—is bic: and this, not the pre-
rogative of the few, but the characteristic of the
mass. No mass of our Americans—no matter
how collected together—no matter how included by
a diagram—no mass of them can be found which,
as a body, is not brave, and among the bravest of
the brave. This is a fact which their history at-
tests; and which philosophy accounts for from their
descent, their residence in a new country, the free-
dom of their institutions, the abundant means of
good living, the boundless fields of their enterprise,
and the consequent energy of mind and body, and
fire of spirit, which all these circumstances beget
and engender. No, sir. Let all dismiss their
fears. The men who may go to Florida under this
bill, wilt be like the rest of their countrymen: they
will be as brave as Osar, and as generous as
brave. They will fight ths armed enemy: when
they have disarmed him, they will spare him:
when they have taken women and children, they
will give them food, raiment, and shelter. Thus
it is now in Florida. Our soldiers spare the help-
less, and bring in the little papooses on their backs,
and g've them "/roctfies."
Ineffic'ency of the bill is the main and the in-
cessant objection of its opponents. They object to
the efficiency of this measure without offering ano-
ther in its place. They declaim against its effi-
ciency, taking care all the while to speak as if the
Administration intended nothing el e for Florida
but the settlers of this bill. Surely Senators forget
that there are six regiments of regulars in that Ter-
ritory at this time, implying a force of above five
thousand men; that besides these, a part of the na-
val service is constancy employed on the coasts of
Florida, and that, so far from intending to diminish
¡hat force, the Secretary at War, in his official re-
port, expressly asks for an additional temporary
and lecal force, confined to Florida, and limited to
the war. Thus the settlers are only a part of the
plan for the pacification of Florida. It is a part
only, though attacked as the whole; and, s nee the
Indians are driven from the field, it becomes that
important part which is to retain possession of
what the military conquers; and, by remaining in
stations, free the regulars from garrison duty, and
leave the whole of them disposable for active
duty.
No, Mr. President, it is not because of their
inefficiency, but for their efficiency, that these set-
tlers are so much opposed. They will be too
efficient! They will drive off the speculators as
wsll as the Indians. They will receive and retain
the lands which the Alagon, the Punonrostro and
the Vargas birds now flap their wings over, and
expect to settle down upon as soon as the Indians
are driven away. These birds wish us to employ
soldiers, not cit zens. They wish us to send ten
thousand roldiers, not ten thousand settlers; and
the reason is, that tbey want the lands themselves.
Give as much money as you please, but no land.
This is the plan of the speculators and the large
slaveholders. They want all the good land them-
selves, but do not want to fight for it; and this is an
additional reason with me for pursuing the plan of
this bill, and placing meritorious cultivators upon
the soil to defend it both from Indians and specu-
lators. The plan is efficient, cheap, humane, and
framed on a principle to insure success, and to
cost nothing if it does not succeed. It is efficient,
because the ten thousand men will go. It is
cheap, for the men are to be paid out of the land
which they conquer, and will take but four mil-
lions out of twenty-six millions which they will
conquer. It will insure its own success, for the
settlers are to get no land until the country is
pacified. It is to cost nothing if it does not suc-
ceed; for, unless the men go, they get no rations;
unless they remain until the country is pacified,
tbey get no land. It is the most humane, for it
relies upon the plough and the axe to come in aid
of the sword and the gun. It is a good plan, and
only asks for a fair trial, accomplishing every
thing if it succeeds, and costing nothing if it does
not.
It is a good plan; I may call it a master plan;
for I am going to celebra>e it in ihe point which
the sound practical sense of the Surgeon General,
Dr. Lawson, illustrated in his letter which has been
read. It is a plan which REVERSES the posi-
tion of the parties in Florida—which makes US
the possessers of the country, and leaves
it to THEM to expel US. This alone changes
the character of the contest—puts ihat labor upon
their shoulders which is now upon ours—and
gives them a work to do which they can never per-
form. This alone is a grand and striking recom-
mendation of the bill—one which no military eye
can overlook—which no military mind can under-
value.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Cmttxnmn]
