Jafi. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*iol
S6th Cong.... 1st Ssss.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Cooper.
H. of Reps.
established. The right of property was one; yes,
the right of property in *Uve$. Does any one deny
it here? I pause lor reply. Not one! (Si , it has
been denied elsewhere by high authority.) With-
out that, this Union would not have been formed.
Is this denied?   I pause for reply-   It is admitted.
Among those privileges is the quiet and pttktful
enjoyment of this right. Another is the freedom of
speech, "the freedom of the press, and tl>e right
peaceably to assemble and to petition the Govern-
ment for redre5S of grievances." All of these,
however sacred or invio'ate, are in some sense
more or less restricted, limited, and deniable in the
exercise—the "right of peti'ion" or freedom of
speech, not less so'than the right of property.
This results from the fact that, as between the
several States, or the citizens of each, the one has
rights and privileges equal with the other; where-
fore the Government cannot be administered, or
long exist, unless you decline the exercise of a
mere privilege when it destroys a right of property;
the "freedom of speech," for instance, when it
would rob me of reputation; the "fretdora of the
press," when the effect is the same, or to destroy
the peace of a whole community.
Tois is right, too, on tSe plain principles of that
"natural just.ce" which is such an idol in your
worship. To speak, to write, or petiti* n, in a
matter that does not immed'ate y interest you,
■with which yon are not personally connected,
and lies not at your door, if a privilege at all,
is a mere naked privilege, the benefits of which re-
sults not to yourself particularly, but to "mankind
at large." Do you not peiceive it? Is not this go-
ing beyond the Constitution ? And what is this
but a second crusade? Sir, it wants but the a mor,
the miliary parade, and the battle array to make it
literal.
Let it be remembered that it is the pride and
glory of these States to have instituted the novel
experiment of a written Constitution .without which,
and beyond which, there is no power and no govern-
ment; without that we have no rule of political
action, and dare not express a political opinion.
The "universal opinhn of mankind" is not our ru!e;
half of them have not seen or heard of our Consii-
tion.
Now, sir, suppose the exercise of this mere na-
ked privilege, which benefits another, not yourseif,
the 1  ss cons*quent on which exercise falls not oa
you, tut on another, whose rights you have not
only pledged, but swoi n to respect and defend,
shall tend to take from me my propity in per-
son or th:ng? Have you a right to such ex-
ercise? By the Constitution, you mutt say no;
by those "eternal principles of right" which these
petitioners worship, for which they run rcugh shod
over the charer of our liberty, and subvert the
Union, you will answer, no.
Suppose again, under such circumstances, you
refu.«e !o receive petitions — is that a denial of the
"right peaceably 10 assemble and to p;-tni n the
Government for a redre$s of grievances J" If so,
how do you check deba'e here? how does one man
r'si and ipeak whilst all are made to .«it? how do
you chain the slanderer's tongue, tie the hand
of the libeller, or hang a man for inditing trea-
ton?
This privilege, or right of petition, iu the cas?s
before yon, i^ inferior to my right of properly, and
the enj >yment thereof under the compact. The
laiter is giei'er, the former less, and must yield.
Is ibis not ¡-o? Most certainly. If so, th-n the re-
fusal tJ receive t'.ie.e petition*, which is made the
false pretext for exciting the sympathies, and in-
flaming the passions of men, women, and children,
is not only right, but becomes your duty, under the
most solemn of all obi gaiions. Duty to us re-
quires it; that we may peaceably enjoy the rights
that belong to us. Duty to them demands it; thit
they may turn their thoughts on themselves and
perceive th ir error. And if you owe any thing
to the opinions of mankind, to "justice,"or religion,
duty to all requires it; that men may not be "in-
quisitive about other m> n's matters, nor become
railets nor disturbers of the peace;" that yoc- may
not do injus ice, without warrant, to M what you
Mil "iwliW;« ««" bs done; and that ibis "opi.
nion of mankind" may be corrected, by reference
to your rule, of which they are ignorant.
Under our Government, there are not only mu-
tual rights, but reciprocal Outies. Your Govern-
ment is under the same obligation*, if not greater,
to respect and maintain the fights of Georgia, than
she is to obey your lawful enactments. So of these
petitioners, and the people of Georgia. Having ad-
mitted our right tof property, it is your duty not to
move by petition cr otherwise. This is true,
whether the effect of your petitions be to destroy
my property contrary to my will, or to lessen its
value, by indirect means, beyond my control. If
this be not so, what right have yon to complain of
your neighbor, who puts a torch to his own dwel-
ling, which, by possibility, may communicate to
your>?
There is one other political and historical truth
I wish observed, for, in tracing the evils that sur-
round ns to their source, we shall illustrate, that a
failure to notice this has ted most of the Abolition-
ists into dangerous errors. It is this: Your
Government was not made for negroes or
slaves If, in forming it, you had attempted
that, it would have failed. Those who come
here with petitions claiming justice need not startle
at this; and if, in your excursions through Europe,
you blush to be told of it, hide your blushes, come
home, npset your Government, and form a new
one. Do not hold ns to the old one; and set up
the "opinion of mankind," gathered in Europe, as
the rule of our political action. Our people are
about as ignorant of that rule as you, and half of
Europe, are of the Constitution. We seldom go to
Europe, besause we pay you to go for us; hence,
wedu not suffer the íuflic'ion of that "opinion" as
you do; but if that is your "griewwee," you may
stay at home and let us go.
This Union was formed for the States—the peo-
ple of the States—that people who then had their
respective constitutions and laws establishing their
political, civil, and domestic relations. Ntgioes
had no band in it, here or at home, and were not
referred to when you pioposed "to establish jus-
tice," and "secuie the blessings of liberty to our-
selves and tur posterity." Do you think so? If so,
speak out.
Now, sir, having presented these undeniable
truh«, with a vi w to trace existing evils to their
source, I proceed to inquire, who are they that pe-
tition thus? Are they the owners of the property
in slaves? Not so Are they citizens of slave-
holding cemmunitie.? No. They are citizens of
Massachusetts. Veiy well; as a general rule, we
admit the right of Massachusetts citizens to petition.
To whem do they petition? To Congress, com-
posed of members from slaveholding, as well as
non-slaveholding States. By the same general
rule, it is granted to be the duty of Congress to re-
ceive petition'.
When are these petitions offered? True, it is
at the call of Massachusetts, but happens to be
very prejudicial to v<ry important money claims
of my constituent, as well as those of other gen-
tlemen, and possibly to the prejudice of still
larger interests; and therefore it would have been
better to have kept them back for a few weeks.
Still it was their day, and no objection can right-
fully be urged on that ground.
For whom do Jhey pe.ition? For themselves?
No. For Europe, or Asia, or Africa, or the citi-
zens of e.ther? It is not so represented; and if it
were, it must be admitted that they, as individual?,
could not petition you. For whtm then? It need
not be disguised; these petitions are for, and on
behalf of, the negraes or slaves of this District, and
the several Statej. Yes, ihe e petitioners have
placed themselves by the side of the slaves of the
South, inciting them to rebellion; aiding them
to wage war with their masters; presenting
petitions for these who have no right to asir,
any ih.ng of you ; joining an issue with their
masters, which to make or join at home, and
unier the laws governing master and slave, is
death; doing and saying that, which, being done
and said wi'hin the jurisd:c;ion of a Slate here re-
presen eJ, is incendiary, insumctionary, and felo-
nious. All this is done and said here to those who
are deputed specially to represent the gre t inte-
rests of the South. And we, it is contended, are
b >und to receive all this, to bear it, and submit. If
this be true, then do yoor worst, and you can only
lake one step farther under the banner of a "sacred
light of pe ition:" that will be, to look a little closer
into our domest.c circle, and peution that our chil-
dren quit their parents, and our wives have per-
mission to leave their husband;. Where is the
philanthropist who can insist on the reception of
such papers; or where the Christian, with all the
light before him, who can pray for such results?
What.true Republican can support such startling
doctrines?
But for what do they pray? "For the abolit;on
of slavery and the slave trade in ihis District and
the Territories." This you have no power by the
Constitution or laws to do. Why? The reasons
are at hand.
Grant, for argument sake, that your Govern-
ment has all the power in this District and the Ter-
ritories, which the States have in their limits; you
still have no power to do it, since it would deprive
individuals of their property without their consent.
Government is made to protect and defend the
rights of property, not to subvert them. There
would be wanting even the pretext that the pro-
perty was for public tase. By numbers and the
aid of the sword, you might effect your object; but
the history of the last reventy years has proved that
freemen will light for much less cause.
Is it pretended that this Government has a "pub-
lic use" for this property? Quite ihe leverse.
What, then, do you do with that clause of your
Constitution which says: "Nor shall private pro-
perty be taken for public use without just compen-
sation?" And let it be remembered, this taking
'"for public use" is an exception to the broad pro-
vision that it shall not be taken at all. And what
shall we do with our oaths to support such items?
But it is denied that Congress has the same
powers here and in the Territories which the States
have in their respective limit*. Wh;? Because its
powers are defined and limited, both as to the ob-
jects and purposes tor which, and on wiách it may
act. The "exclusive power to legislate in all casts
whatsoever" in th's District, is subject to corres-
ponding limitations and restrictions laid on its
powtrs in other respect*, and must'be consonant
ihertU, otherwise this grant of "exclusive power"
would op< rale to subvert every right of the citizen
here. Not only so, Congnss is undt-r obligations
to Virginia and Mar> land, as well as to all the
slaveholding States, not to abolish slavery here or
in the Territories. The existence of such obliga-
tion, is neither more nor less than, in oth*r
Words, to asset t a want of power to do what it is
obliged not to do.
Consider these petitions in reference to their
practical effect, and what is it but to ask yon to
rob tu by form of law, to subvert our institutions,
burn our dwellings, stir up civil war, and commit
murder and rapine? Sir, we ask not your proiec-
tion at home, we do not need it. If we we need
it, it is against your ignorance of our rights or
your wilful disregard to them, and to your soleen
obligations of duty.
It follows then that there is no power to grant
such petitions, that if there was, it would be mani-
festly Unjust, as much so as to receive a petition
from me to burn the dwelling of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Granger.] Wherefore
then the obligation to receive? la truth, is the.e
not a positive duty to reject them?
The Abolitionis's are not that worthless, disre-
putable, and unimportant class of people they are
sometimes represented to be. Anú here I beg to
correct the honors ble gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Thompson.} In the large commercial
cities, comparatively few respectable and intelligent
citizens are found to be Abolitionists. There is
an interest felt in those commercial coffin ntties,
which bears down this spirit of Tañarte** - Bat
go into the country, the infrio* vJBage «nd towns;
there you will find the aoal-and spirit of that body
called Abolitionists; and they are far from.^irS
low, mean, or contemptible; they are sober, indus-
triois, religions, and intelligent, on all matters pro-
tamine to their own interests—most ignorant of our
oS-^wííSr., •*<* o*r right  under * ,
