103
APPENDIX TOTHE CONGRESSIONALGLOBE.
26th Cono"-1st Skss.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Watierson.
__Jan. 1840.
H. of Reps.
Unfrrtunately by education and habit they are con-
fiding, and readily yield to the lead of those whose
intercut it is to have thera follow. They have a
fanatical zeal for this Abolitionism, and nothing
causes them to pause bat a conviction that the Go-
vernment will be dissolved if they persevere.
Knowing this, their leaders persuade them there is
no danger. You have only to satisfy ihem that
disunion results from Abolition, and they give it
up. Am I right, or am I wrong! Two summers,
spent north of this, have taught me that. I have
it not from politicians, but from the unsophisticated
farmer, having conversed with him in his fields.
You, therefore, who represent this body of men,
will allow us, through you, to address a word
to your constituents. Do now what you have
failed to do heretofore. Examine strictly your
rule of political truth. Read our Constitution
and the history of its formation. Call on
your editors, lecturers, and agents, to disse-
minate, utter, and publish tracts on those sub-
jects without comment; ponder well your duties
and obligations under them—the respect you owe to
our rights; compare the force of these with your
sense of duty,merely lo petition for Abolition.
Have you made no pledges to us in that instru-
ment by which we united as States? As Chris-
tians, can you be insensible to the obligations of
your promises? After you shall have answered
these questions, and made the examinations de-
manded of you, then remember that among other
grievances enumerated by the colonies during the
Revolution, and published in your Declaration of
Independence, inciting your slaves to insurrection
was one. How can you expect us to cease to burn
with indignation,whilst you, under the pretence of "a
icereá right of petition" pray upon us «he very
grievance your faiheis fought to revenge? You are
inveigling and enticing out slaves, seducing them
from the path of obedience, and inciting them to
insurrection.
Sir, I call on the gentlemen from New York,
from Ma¡ne, and from Massachusetts, when they
go home, to give their constituents light on these
points. Ask the Governor of New York what are
his opinions? Are you prepared, with him, to deny
this right of'property? If so, let us all know it.
Will you join issue with him—then publish his
e-ror to the four winds. Is not all personal pro-
perty a subject of theft and larceny? But 1 forbear.
One item of recent hisory strikes me here; it is
this: "Larceny of a slave is no crime in the Empire
State"—the obligations of your Constitution not-
withstanding—since the Governor of that State—
[The Speaker here interrupted Mr. C. and in-
formed him tnat it was not ia order to allude to the
Governors of the States.
Mr. Barnard begged that the gentleman might
proceed.]
Mr. Cooper continued. Mr. Speaker, it ap-
pears to me that a very large and respectable por-
tion of this Union overlook, disregard, and habitu-
ally disparage the rights and interests of another
portion. I refer to the North and South. So ha-
bitual is the disregard of the former for the latter,
that they induce us to believe they consider this
Government as existing almost exclusively for
themselves. One would suppose, that to be tribu-
tary to their railroads, canals, and turnpikes,
their fortifications and lighthouses, thdr foreign
and domestic commerce, their manufactories and
banks, and, thereby, to their splendid cities, th^ir
farms and country seats, would suffice, and we
might be permitted peacefully to use and enjoy a
portion of the means that enable us to make con-
tribution. But not so'. So they petition loud, nume-
rous, and strong, that we be compelled to give up
that also; and if we deny their right so to petition,
this denial of an undue exercise of a right of peti-
tion is the foundation of clamorous appeals to the
"law of nature, "eternal justice," and the "opinion
of mankind," which are claimed to be of higher
obligations than the Con situ tion itself.
Idleness and a fanatical zeal for natural liberty,
regardless of law, form the source of all the mis-
chief those people are working through the country.
Your Abolitionists have a "zeal without know-
edge," which, being wrought upon by editors,bired,
lecturers and agents, ends in wickedncs.   These,
being otherwise out of employment, fan the flame
whereby numbers are added, and contributions in-
creased. Abolition excitement, therefore, is made the
nucleusofaparty that gives employment to the other-
wise unemployed; clothes the naked, and feeds the
hungry. Politicians watch the movement, and by
leaning to them, or openly advocating them, ride
into power. A few men of wealth, influence, ta-
lents and education, filled with the vanity of future
fame, have thrown themselves in the attitude of
leaders. So controlling have they already become in
New York and Maine, that it has become a matter
of interest and rivalship with the local parties, to
address themselves more and more near to úVir
views. It is not to be disguised that the two great
parties in this House consider this subject more
with reference to party effect, than the principles
of your Constitution. One party, asa whole, is
by profession and practice somewhat more friendly
to our interest, on this question, than the other,
resulting mainly from their respective positions;
but either seem hitherto to have fixed limits short
of what our rights and the Constitution authorize
mem to go.
How then are we to s'ay an evil that is sweeping
the North, springing from the wants and necessities
of men, being identified with the labor cf the coun-
try, and fed by religious fanaticism; which is the
theme of pcetiy and romaneo; the subject of lec-
tures, sermons, and prayer meetings; which is cra-
dled with infancy; instilled by educaiion; carica-
tured in print shops; directed and lauded by an
unrestrained pres«; which is addressed to and re-
ceived by the beggar and the lorJIing; the male
and the female, in city, town, and country; which is
advocated by lawyers and doctors, judges and ju-
rors, priests and laymen; is admitted to control po-
liticians, Governors and S ate Legislatures; affects
the Presidential controversy, influences this House,
divides North and South, unites with Church and
State, and now shakes the Union? How shall we
arrest it? Ours is an awful responsibility. But
the country requires us to take it; posterity will
hold us accountable.
You have the remedy in your own hand?, if you
choose to apply it. Tell these petitioners this is a
subject they ought not, cannot petiton for. And
when you re urn, meet them at their firesides, and
in their fields; plant yourselves on the charter of
our freedom; summon fact and reason; fail not to
tell them, they are injuring their neighbors, and
dis olving the Government.
Failing to apply this remedy here, sir, the fouth
must take the alternative; yield her rights, permit-
ting you to use the Government for your own be-
nefit, and abuse it for our injury—or dissolve.
Failing to do your duty here, Georgia, one of your
confederates, willing to hear advice, but entit'ed to
act fer herself, must do «hat her interest and hap-
piness requires. In her controversies connected
with this subject, she cannot admit your power to
deeide for her—she cannot ask it—Maine could not
submit to it—if she does—
[The Speaker here interrupted Mr. C]
Mr. Cooper continued. I was going to say
that if the power was claimed here and asserted,
and your judges, marshals, posse, or army were
ordered out to force Maine—
[The SPEAKKRasan interrupted.
Mr. Evans and Mr. Smith, of Maine, hoped the
gentleman would be permitted to go en.]
Mr. Cooper said it was not his intention thm,
or ever, to violate order; he thanked the Speaker for
his kindness in enforcing order, and the House for
its courtesy in wishing him to go on. The refer-
ence to Maine and to New York, was made with
the sole view of illustrating the propriety of ap-
plying a rule here, c&lliug for a non-reception of
these petitions, which might avert a more disagree-
able alternative.
Gent'emen have said this is the way to multiply
Abolitionists, and the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Gentry] says receive, Tefer, and report on
them, and the Abó'itionists will be satisfied.
8ir, this subject was urged by petitions as early
as 1790, by a most worthy and intelligent commu-
nity of people, the Quakers. Georgia had her Bald-
win and Jackson then to oppose them; a reference
and report was nade.   Sach, with little variance
continued to be the course, till the object of the
Abolitionists changed, and the honorable gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Granger,] will permit
me to correct him. In 1834-5, and before 1836,
the excitement began to run high. Respectful
treatment, reception and reports, only strengthened
them, until, on this floor, honorable gentlemen as-
serteda power in Congres? to abolish slavery ia
the States, and declared that slaves had a rght to
memorialize this body. Have gentlemen forgotten
the course of Mr. Prnckney, the same now utged
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentrt]
He had a reference and a report. Did that satisly
or check Abolitionism? No, the causes have con-
tinued to operate, and the effects to increase.
Wherefore, then, do Southern men wish a refer-
ence again?
I have trespassed on your patience longer than
I intended. The importance of the subjret, and
the interest of my constituents, is the apology. Sir,
I leave this unpleasant subject with you; unplea-
sant it is in the extreme. Here—at home—through-
out this Union—look at it in all its aspects, it is
fearful to the North and the South. The issue is
at hand, and you are bound to speak the language
of truth and sincerity to the North and the South,
to cease on this question your party movements,
and tell us what you ihink. Reject these peti-
tions through regard to the constitutional r'ghts of
the States—quiet the South, and let the North un-
derstand that the Government is tottering. Do this,
and you effect much to avert the storm and silence
the commotion of the elements. But let the influ-
ences that drive these documents here move on,
yield yourself to them—and, we ?ay, talk not to
Georgia of her obligations to a Constitution tram-
pled by others under foot. She is an humble, sub-
missive instrument at the footstool of power, or
she will rise and defy those who would "incite her
slaves to insurrection."
REMARKS OF MR. YV/ATTERSON,
Op Te^nes^ee,
J* the House o/J?epr«senr|ii e*{ January 16, 1840—
On the subject of jkbofition petitions.
Mr. Speaker: Differing lis I do from a portion
of my colleagues upon ihis4ubject, I feel that it is
my duty to state some óf She reasons which influ-
ence my course. 1 did hépe, sir, that on the excit-
ing and important questjon now under considera-
tion, it would be my gojd fortune to battle, arm to
arm and shoulder to shoulder, with all the Repre-
sentatives from the State of Tennessee. It is to
me a source of deep mortification that any South-
ern man should hesitate a moment in regard to the
proper disposition of Abolition petitions, much less
pursue a couse which, in my judgment, is playing
into the hands of those miserable fanatics. The
resolution offered by the gentleman from Lou is a-
na, [Mr. Chinn,] proposing to receive and refer to
a committee all memorials and petitions relating to
the abolition of slavery in this Disti.t, in the Ter-
ritories, or in the States, concedes ev«ry thing the
Abolinon;sts are contending for at this time, and' I
mu*t be permi'ted to express my great astonish-
ment at the source from which it origna'eJ.
Coming as he does from one of the largest slave-
ho'ding States in th; Union, I regard the move as
extremely unfortunate but not moie so than fhd
zealous and able support which it has received
from some of my colleagues and others of the same
political party, who hail from ihe South. Sir, are
not the votes of every Abolitionist in the Hoa^e
recorded upon the journaljin favor of suspending
the rule, for the purpose of adopting it? Did not
Ihe distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams,] when a Bimilar proposition was
suggested by one of my ceilleagues, [Mr.
Bell,] arise in his place and declare that
it was all he desired? "Well do the Abolitionists
know that the goal of universal emancipation
eannot be reached, but by degrees—that the ram-
parts of the Constitution cinnot be torn down in a
day nor a week; and hat if they can gain a single
point at a time, they may ultimately succeed in
eradicating slavery, not in the District of Columbia
alone, but in the several States—and at the same
time sunder the cords that bind together this gloii-
