Jan. 1840.__________^__
26th Cowg....lsT Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10S
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Watterson.
H. of Reps.
ous Union.    Sir, I would rather these conspirators
against the perpetuity of this Republic, and the
lights and tranquillity of its citiatens, should prate
aboot grievance?, which, if they exist at all, can-
not affect them, to the end of time, than to ackno w-
ledge by my vote, that I am bound to receive, re.'V r,
and treat with common respect their peutons,
which a*k me to vio'ate the Constitution of my
country, which I have solemnly sworn to *upport.
If we are to have peace apon such terms only, I,
for one, am against peace.   But hive we so soon
forgotten the pa t?    Does not every gentleman op-
on this floor recollect, that the s:\me argument was
used in 1836, in favor of the reference of these pe-
titions to a committee—that then, as now, it was
contended, that such reference would be the most
effectual mode of tranqoilizing the public mind,
and staying all further agitation of the subject en
the part of the AboH ionists?    Under this delusive
hope, such a committee was raised, on the motion
of a distinguished gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Pinckney.]   That committee went to work,
and made   an able  repot t   against   the  prayer
of the petitioners, and what was the effect"?    Was
the voice   of Abolition hushed?     Did their in-
sulting   and  ihfaipous   petitions cease   to   pour
into this House 7     Were   the rights   and   feel-
ings  of  the South   any  more   respected?     Let
your  jf Ttrnals   lor   t: e   last  three   years   an-
swer.   Session after session ar« we called upon to
repel their a*saults against cur domestic institu-
t ons, our homes, and oor firesides.   Instead of al-
laying, as it was alleged wou;d be the case, it has
increaed their exertions.    Shall we, then, resort to
an exrer'meut, which has   already   so  signally
failec?   To do so would be nothing but downright
madness.    Better, far better, to stand firm like
men, and give way on no pan of the ground.   If
we   once commence retreating, they will never
cease their demands until they have accomplished
their nnhillowed pu'pwes.    But the Abolitionists
and their apolrg'sts contend that to refuse acting
on these petitions is a violation of that artice in
the Constitution,  whish prohibits Congress from
pa-sing Any 1-iw abridging the "right of the peopls
peaceab'y to assemble, and to petition ihe Govern-
ment for a relress of grievances."   This I deny.
Have we passed any law, or are we called upon to
pass any law, abiidging this tight?   Surely not.
The people are at liberty to "praceably assemble"
at any time, and to petition upon any snbjec'; but
when it is presented here by an honorable member,
by the ruhs of the House which we have adopted
for out government, he h&s to slate its contents; and
af er hearing such statement, are we not prepared
to s y whether it is of such a character as would
justify us iu njeeling it at once?    By way of
i.lus ration, sjpptse the fanatics   of Massachu-
setts,    or    any    other   State,   should    take   it
intj    their   heads   to    send   petitions   to   the
Legis'a'ure of Tennessee, asking them to pass a
law authorizing and empowering our slaves to cut
all our throats by a given time, would it be a de-
nial o*' the tight of petiti n not to receive and re-
fer them?   Asan: suppose the hot-headed Souh-
eraers. believing that the venerable ex-Presiden',
who m s acrofs the way, was most essentially de-
ranged upon the subject of slavery, and that by bis
course in this Houve their lives and tbeir property
were endangered, should ask Congress to enact a
law, sending h m to someplace of confinement the
rema:n!er of a long ard eventful life, would not
the gentleman himself  admit, that this was an
abt s? of the right of pstiton; or, in other words,
that we would not Le tound to receive and con-
sider it?   Gent'emen declare if we will only re-
ceive and refer Abolition petitions it is all  they
wish; the House can then put the "broad seal" of
condemnation upon them as soon as they please.
Bach declarations re.-olve themselves into this: that
to refuse to receive and refer their petitions, is a
gross insu't; but the moment after reception and
reference, we may commit ihem to the flames,
wi h' ut i ffence!   Mrst logical and happy thought,
truly!   But I am not willing to trust them.   Let
us mark our indignation at the objects they have
in view, by a pompt and decí ive vete at the
threshold.   Let us say to them that we have no
power lo legislate on the sabjeetj and if *"• had, it
could not be exercised, without tearing down the
fairest fabric that human wisdom ever reared, and
spieading havoc and min where there is now peace
and prosperity.
Mr. Speaker, by refusing to receive these peti-
tions after we have heard their contents stated by
Ihe introducer, or by laying them on the table with-
out any further action upon them, we avoid debate
on this distracting subject.   Sir, every debate here
may kindle the fiies of insurtection in the South.
Let me ask, how  can debate be prevented, if we
receive, and refer them to a committet?   The mo-
ment that reference is made, a member rises in his
place,holds up a resolution in his hand, and demands
its adoption.   What is i.?   It is a resolution in-
structing the committee to report in favor of the
prayer of the Abolit onists.   He has the floor; no
other mem! er can get it in order to move the pre-
vious question; and he proceeds for hours, if not
days, to plead the cause of these incendiaries. Every
word he utters, through  the secret agency of the
Abolitionists, finds its way to the ears of the slave
papulation of the South, and may excite them to
rebellion and massacre.   Bat, sir, suppose you suc-
ceed in applying the previous question at the close
of this speech; cannot anoiher member, and ano-
th-r, and so oa, until the whole number is exhaust-
ed, bring f< rwarJ resolutions of the like kind, and
in that way keep up an everlasting debate in this
House, and an everlasting disturbance out of it?
This must be the inevitable result of receiving and
re/erring such papers to a committee.   Unlike my
two col'eagues, [Messrs   Gentrt and Bell,] I
can never consent to snch a reception and reference.
It must !e¿d to interminab'e discussion; and discus-
sion he e, I fear, will lead to the most direful con-
sequences 
The gentleman from thscity of New York [Mr.
Monroe] ha* declared that the battle of Abolitionism
must be fought at the North. Must be fought in
the North, and by whom, sh? The political party
(Whiz) to which he is a'tached? If so, I have
solemn appr.-hensions that our rights will be in pe-
culiarly bad keeping!
Sir, were they fighting the battles of the South,
when ihey were supporiing a notorious Aboli-
tionist [Mr. Bradish] for Lieutenant Governor of
New York, when they gave him about nine een
thousand votes in th; city, and near one hundred
and fifty thousand in the Sute? Were they fight-
ing the battles of the South, when they were ral-
lying around the black standard of an Abo'itionist
f< r Governor of Pennsylvania in 1838? I mean
Joseph Ritner, who received the full Wnig vote in
that State; and will any member present deny ii?
1 f so, let him speak. I hold in my hand a message
which he delivered to the Legislature, December,
1836, and would ask leave to read a short extract
fiom it. After speaking of the "base bowing of
the knee to the dark spirit of slavery,"he said:
"Opposition to the admission into the Union of new slave-
holiling States, and opposition to slavery in the District of
Columbia, the very hearih and abode of ihe national honor,
have ever been, and are the cherished iloctriues of our State.
Let ns, fellow-citizen-, stand by and maintain them unsUiink-
¡ng!v and fearlessly."
Here are 'cherished" Abolition "doclrines" for
you ! But, sir, the voice of thí bal ot boxes, in
tones ó I thunder, declar d, th't this message crn-
tained foul slanders upon the sound Republican
principles of Penns)lvania. Ritnetism and Aboli-
tionism were overthrown, and the banner of De-
mocracy agsin waved its broad folds over that
arte ent Commonwealth.
Were thcy fighting the battles of the South, at
the late Harmburg Convention, when they nomi-
nated a candidate /or the Presidency, who is in fa-
vor of appropr aing the surplus revenue to the
emancipation of tlave^?   Only hear him:
"Should I be asked if there is no way by which the General
Government can aid Ihe caüéb op emancipation, I answer that
it has long been an object near my heart, to see the whole op
ITS 8URPI.CS RBVENUE APPROPRIATED TO THAT OBJECT."
Weie they fiahtiog the battles of the South,
when tv.ey elected Abolitionists Governor and
Lieutenant Governor of Vermont? Sir, I regret
to say, that I have seen th« success of these men
trumpeted, even in my own State, by the Wh:g
newspapers, as a Wbi* victory. "Vermont erect!"
"Vermont ev«r true to her principie*!" and like joy-
ful escUmation , kftv« frequently gracer} ihtii
ll
columns, on hearing of a Whig Abolition triumph
in that State. Heaven save the Democracy from
all such triumphs!
In the State of 0h:o, I understand, there was a
line of Abolitionists from the Ohio river to the
Lakes, who aided the slaves of Kentucky to escapa
into Canada. So frequent were ihe complaints on
this score, that the Legislature of Kentucky sent
commissioners to the Legislature of Ohio, asking
them to pass a law punching in future all such
kidnapper*?. Accordingly, such a law was
promptly enacted, in conformity with the wishes
of Kentucky and the princip'es of common honesty.
I believe it was termed the "Fugitive act." But
mark ye: in the House of Representatives there
were twenty-three votes against the bill, all of
whom were Whigs, "good and true " In the Se-
ñale, there were fourteen negative votes, and not a
Democrat amongu the number. Now, I would
ask the gentleman fiom New York, [Mr. Monroe,]
if the-e thirty-seven leading Whigs were fighting
the battles of the South?
Were the Whig party fighting the battles of the
South, when they were passing, and endeavoring
to pass, Abolition resolutions in the Legislatures
of New York, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, Ver-
mont, Connecticut, and several other States?
Was the present Whig Governor of Connecticut
fighting the battles of the South, when in his very
first message he thundered his denunciations
ag.iinst Southern institutions?
Was his Whig Excellency, Governor Seward, of
New York, fighting the battles of the South when
he recently refused the demand of the Governor of
Virginia for three fugitives from justice, charged
with having "stolen and carried away from the
State of Virginia a negro slave, the property of a
citizen of the borough of Norfolk?" Was he
afraid of offending his Abolition friends, who pub-
lished a circular immediately before the New York
election, in 1838, to the "Anti-s'avery electors" of
that State, urging them to cast their votes for him
and againbt Governor Marcy, the Democratic
candidate? Here it is. Let the South make their
own comments.
CIRCULAR
TO THE ANTI SLAVERY ELECTORS   OP THE   STATE   OP
NEW TORK.
We ask the privilege of brethren to set forth briefly, but
frankly, the reasons which constrain us to cast our votes for
William H. Seward lor Governor.
1.  Mr. Seward is the candidate of the party which, on the
floor of Congress, nobly vindicates the inestimable right of pe-
tition, and as nobly asserts the freedom of debate; of the party,
also, that sustain John Quincy Adams and William Slade; of a
party whose views are liberal and tolerant.
2.  Mr. Seward is the candidate cf the party which, in our
last Legislature, passed resolutions against the admission of
Texas into the Union; against Patton's gag resolutions; infavor
of the right of petition; andt'n/arorof granting trial by jury
to persons claimed as lugitive slaves. Instead of the denun-
ciations and revilings wiih which our petitions were treated in
years past— instead of threatening us with penal euactment?,
the Whigs received and treated petitions and remonstrances
with that respect and comity due to their constituents.
3.  Mr. Seward is the candidate oí the party that opposes the
re-election of a President who stands pledged to veto an; bill
abolishing slavery in the District of Columbia.
4.  Mr. Seward is the candidate opposed to Governor Marcy,
who, in his messages to the Legislature, has manifested, in sen-
timent and sympathy, the bitterest hostility to our cause; ana
who, as the presiding officer of a public meeting, while he was
Governor or the State, recommended the passage of laws au-
thorising a violation of the mails, and inflicting pains and pe-
nalties upon those who were disseminating intelligence and
truth.
5.    The re-election of Gov. Marcy would go very far towards
the re-election of Martin Van Buren, whose measures and policy
are so hostile to the cause of human liberty.
And, finally, because our knowledge of Mr. Seward lead us to
confide in the general soundness and integrity of his principles.
We view the great question of a Sub-Treasury, a National
Bank, or the currency, of minor importance, compared with
thegreatsubjectof/ii/mamW6íríy; and believing that the elec-
tion of Mr. Seward, and the defeat of Governor Marcy, will best
promote tl-e great cause of universal emancipation, we shall
vote (or him ourselves, and recommend our Abolition friends to
do the same.
We are, respectfully, your fellow-citizens,
JEFFERSON MAYELL,
President Albany Young Men's Ami-Slavery Society-
CALVIN PEPPER, Jr.
Vice President.
JOHN WILSON.
CorrespondineSecretary.
HCABF^ resident.
WILLIAM GIBSON,
One of the Executive Committee ^""^avérV^rlety.
NORMAN FRANCIS,
