104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
26th Coko«"«1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. TVatterson.
H. of Reps.
Charles E. Burton,
Petsr M. McEuioy,
David Martin,
8 T. Rice.
S. V. R. Watson.
5.  a. Ramujos,
A.  McClurb,
J. McClürb,
FORDYCB SYLVESTER,
Jambs E. McClurb,
6.  B. Hall,
I come now, Mr. Speaker, to the journal of the
House of Representatives for the last session of
Congress, and will show by the yeas and nays
how certain members voted upon a resolution,
against the right of Congress to aboluh slavery in
the District of Colombia and in the Territories,
with a view to its abolition in the States. But, be-
fore I proceed, I would make a single remark in
regard to the author of these resolutions, [Mr.
Athkrton, of New Hampshire ] His course has
been denounced by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Granger,] who charged h'm with be,ing in-
fluenced alone by the strong tie of party and party
drill. Sir, judging his motives from his acts, he
was governed by a ranch higher consideration—a
desire to stand fast to the Constitution, though he
might fall in the conflict. Instead of meriting the
censure, he deserves the gratitude of ihe whole
country. In the name, ami on behalf of my con-
stituents, I tender him my heartfelt thanks. Would
to Heaven we had more such men from the North.
I nod, upon examination, that fifty-two Repre-
sentatives voted against the second of the following
resolutions. I shall read them both, because the
latter refers to the first:
Resolved, That Congress has no right to do that indirectly
Which it cannot do directly ; and that the agitation of the sub-
ject of slavery in the District of Columbia, or the Territories,
as a means, and with the new, of dirurbing or overthrowing
that institution in Ihe several States, is against the true spirit
and meanioc of the Constitution, an infringement of the lights
of the States affected, and a breach of the public faith upon
which they entered into the Confederacy.
Resolved, therefore. That all attempts on the part of Con-
gress to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, or the Ter-
ritories or to prohibit the removal of slaves from State to State,
or to discriminate between the institutions of one portion of the
Confederacy and another, with the views aforesaid, are in
violation of tlie Constitution, destructive of the fundamental
principle on which the union of these States rests, aud beyond
the jurisdiction of Congress.
Out of the fifty-two votes that were given against
the last resolution, forty-eisht were Whigs, em
bracing nearly the entire Whig strength fiom the
non-siaveholding States in this Hou^e at that time.
I give their names, and the States which they re-
spectively represented:
Massachusetts Whigr.—John Quincy Adams,
Nathaniel B. Borden, George N. Br.ggs, William
B.   Calhoun, Caleb Cushing, Richard Fletcher,
Geo. Grtnnell, jr. William S Hastings, Levi Lm-
co'n, John Reed, and Leverett Saltonstall.
Pjbhnsylvanu Whigs.—Edward Darlington,
Edward Da vies, Thomas Henry, Tho*. M. T.
McKennan, Charles Naylor, and David Pot's, jr.
Vermont Whigs.—Heman Allen, Horace Eve-
rett, Hiland Hall, and William Slade.
New York Whigs—John Edward', (Con.)
Millard Pilmore, Henry A. Foster, (Con.) Abra-
ham P. Grant, (Con.) Richard P. Marvin, Charles
P. Mitchell, Luther C. Peck, David Russell, Mark
H. Sibley, Timothy Childs, and Harvey Putnam.
Ohio Whigs.—James Alexander, jr. Joshua R.
Giddings, Pattrick G. Goode, Sampson Mason,
and Calvary Morris.
New Jegset Whigs.—John B. Aycrigg, William
Halsted, John P. B. Maxwell, and Charles C.
Stratum.
Indiana Whigs.—George H. Dunn, William
Herod, and James Rariden.
Maine Whigs—George Evans, Joseph C.
Noyes, and Edward Robin on.
Rhode Island Whig9.—Robert B. Cranston,
and Joseph L. Tillinghast.
Might I not, Mr. Speaker, again ask the gentle-
man fiom New York, if these Whig leaders were
fighting the battles of the South, when they were
declaring by their voles, as I have shown, that they
Delieve Congress has the power to legislate on the
subject of slavery in this District and in the Terri-
tories, to the end that it may be overthrown in the
several States? Sir, should ever the practical admi-
nistration of the Government unfortunately get in*o
the hands of men holding to such principles, I
awfuliy fear that the days of this Republic are
numbered.
Mr. Speaker, it is ce.tainly an alarming state of
affairs, if it has become necessary for one of the
great political parlies to favor the views of the
Abolitionisis lo any extent, in order to receive ihe.r
aid in the election of a Pies dent. I would hope it
is not so. But when I reflect upon the c.uses
which operated in favor of the late Hainsborg no-
mination, I must confess that I am not without my
doubts. It is a fact which cannot be succesi-
lully denied, that, had it not been for the influ-
ence of the Abolitionists, another distinguished
gentleman (Mr. Clay) would have been the
Whig candidate for the next Presidency.
Let it be borne in mind, let it never be forgotten,
that Gen. Harrison did not receive a single vote
in the Harrisburg Convention from a slaveho'ding
State; and is it tot marvellous, that, whib every
Southern delegate in the Harrisburg Convention
opposed the nomination of Harrison, now, when it
is known his nomination was effected by the influ-
ence of Abolitionism, against the will of the Sooth,
the whole Southern Federal delegation in Congress
have embraced him as their candidate? When
the nomination reached New York, what joy per-
vaded the ranks of the Abolitionist*! The Eman-
cipator could not restrain its feelings. It sounded
this note of triumph in the excess of its rhapsody:
1 The Harrisburo Convention —Well, the agony is over,
and Henry Clay is laid upon the shelf; and no man of ordinary
intelligence can doubt or deny that it is the Antnlavery feeling
of the North which has done it, in connection with his own os-
tentatious and infamous pio-slavery demonstrations inCongress.
Praise to God lor a great Amislavery vctory ' A man of high
talents, of great distinction, of long political services, of bound-
less personal popularity, has been openly rejected lor the Pre-
sidency of this Republic on account of his devotion to slavery.
Set up a monument of progress there. Let the winds tell the
tale. Let the slaveholders hear the news. Let foieign nations
hear it. Let O'Connell hear it Let the slaves hear it A
slaveholder is incapacitated for the Presidency of the United
States. The reign of slaveocracy is hastening to a close. The
reaction of Henry Clay by the Whig Convention, taken in
connection with all the circumstances, is one of the heaviest
blows the monstei slavery has received in this country "
Such was the language of a leading Abolition
paper, published in the city of New York. But I
have more evidencs of th? same character, show-
ing the manner in which Harrison's nomination
was received by the Abolitionists. The B< ston
Liberator, edited by the notorious and infamous
Garrison, came out with a similar article. Hear
him:
"Nomination of General Harrison —The National Whig
Convention, assembled at Hurrieburg on the 6th instant, nomi-
nated William Henry Harrison for the office of President of the
United States. On the first and second ballot, the vote stood
for Henry Clay, 103; for Harnion, 94; for Winfield Scott, 57.
On the third ballot, the vote was for Harrison, 148; for Clay,
90; for Scott, 16 All Ihe slave Stales went for Clay We re-
gard this as another important sign of the limes—as a signal
defeat of the slaveholdivg power m this count) y. Had it not
been for Abolitionism, Henry Clay would undoubtedly have
been nominated We hace faith to believe that no slave-
holder will ever again be permitted to Jill the Presidential
office in this Republic "
Sir, if it were necessary, I could introduce
evidence upon eriden"e, proving to a demonstra-
tion that Aboht onism done ihe tcorfc at Harris-
burg; that Henry Clay wss "laid upon the shelf,"
in ctn-equence of the anti-Abolition sentiments
Which he avowed in a speech during the last ses-
sion of Congre=s.
Mr. Speaker, I rejoice that whi'st this daik cloud
of Abohuonism is hanging over the country, that
we have a pilot at the helm of state, whose view3
are so s mnd upon the sub] ct, that he has b< en de-
nounced upon th s floor and elsewhere, as a
•'Nonhern man with Southern principles"—by
which I presume it is meant that he is a Northern
man, with Republican principles. If so, I yield to
the justness of the denunciation.
Sir, I assert that no man can be a Republican
andanAbohtionis'. The t>vo terms are totally incon-
si-tent, as much so as tinse of Democrat and Fede-
ralist. Gintlemen may speci'y a scattering Abo-
litionist, here and there, uho eccasiona'ly co-ope-
rates with the Democratic party, from local causes,
but all his principles, feelings, and sympath es in-
cline him toward* the Opposition. Moreover, the
Democrat*-, as a paity, have repudiated the doc-
tines of the Abolitionists. Look at the inaugural
of the President, who stands pledged to veto any bill
inteifcring with slavery in this District. Look at
the address of the Democratic members of Cos-
gress to the people of the United States. Look at
their votes in the various State Legislatures. Look
at their resolves in their conventions, and in their
primary meeting*, and you wjll find abundant evi-
dence of the truth of this assertion. Well did Mr.
Jefferson remark, that the ' Democracy of the
North are the natural allies of the South." Sir, I
am proud of that alliance. We fight in one
common cause, and under one common banner.
That cause is the Constitution of our country.
That banner the same, which has so proudly
waved over the Repub'ican party, from the foun-
dation of this Government.
APPENDIX AND PROOF.
In Mr. Stanly's reply to Mr. Watterson, he
read a pnblicat on of Mr. Parmenter, a Demo-
cratic Representative from thi State of Massachu-
setts, which he thought commited him to the cause
of the Abolitionists.
Mr Parmenter did not know if he understood precisely
what the gentleman from North Carolina meant by an Aboli-
tionist f should like to hear him refer to any remark or writ-
ing of mine on that subject, or to any vote I have given, other
than for the reference to a committee
Mr Stanly said he should like to know what the gentle-
man himself considered an Abolitionist, and read a letter" writ-
ten by Mr Parmenter, in which he gave his opinions on the
sunject of abolition
Mr Parmenter said that, in the State of Massachusetts,
it was essential to the quality of an Abolitionist that he should
wish Congress immediately to adopt measures to abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia and the Territories, without
any regard to the consequences. It was true that he, in com-
mon with a very large portion of the people of Massachusetts,
believed slavery to be a very great evil; and would be glad it
it could be abolished without disturbing the peace and harmony
of the Union, or violating the rights of others Mr P added
that the letter read by the gentleman from North Caí olma, was
not considered to be in acemdance with the views of the Abo
litionists, and accordingly they all voted in a body against him
Mr Stanly went "on with his remarks, and spoke of a
number of distinguished members of the liemocratic party
whom he stigmatized as Abolitionists Mr S read some ex-
tracts from an address of Mr Morton, whose recent election as
Guvernor of Massachusetts, the Democratic party hailed as a
triumph, to show that he a'so was an Abolitionist.
Mr Parmenter wished to make one remark in relation to
Mr Morion, the Governor elect of Massachusetts The gentle-
man had read some extracts where Gov Morion spoke his sen-
timents very stiongly against slavery. But the gentleman
did not draw the distinction between ami slavery and
Abolitionism. Ti e one was a mere matter of belief, while the
other was an intention to carry its objects into efleet without any
regard to the consequences. He would make another remark.
Tne Abolition paper printed at Boston opposed the election of
Governor Morton, and recommended it to the Abolitionists to
support another candidate. Mr. P. wished the gentleman would
define his ideas of Abolition more distinctly.                •
Mr. Stanli said he wished the gentleman would define his.
Mr. Parmenter said he would define what he considered
to be the views of an Abolitionist. It was a desire that Congress
should abolish slavery in this District, and in the Territories,
without regard to the rights of others, the peace and tranquillity
of a Urge portion of the country, and the safety of the Union.
In addition to Mr. Parmenter's remarks, I
would state that th^re were four trials in his dis-
trict before he was e'ected. Levi Farwell was the
can lidate of the Aboli íonists, and Nathan Brcoks
the Whig candidate. Before the fouith trial, Mr.
Farwell declined in favor of Mr. Biook«. Wheie-
upon the Abolitionists i*sued a circular to their
friends, urging them to vote in favor of Mr. Brooks.
I subjoin the circular, as well as Mr. Farwell'*
letter.
TO THE ABOLITIONISTS.
Pauso and consider, we beseech you, belore you again throw
away your votes The District must not, cannot, go unrepre-
sented You cannot choose a candidate of your own. Of
course Mr. Brooks or Mr. Parmenter will be eventually elect-
ed, and can you hesitate a moment for which of them to vote?
Mr Parmenter is pledged to the support of Mr. Van Buren,
who has thrown himself into the arms of Southern slavehold-
ers, and he is irrevocably pledged to war against abolition
eveiy where and at all times Mr Parmenter and his party
rtvile and abuse you. They regard abolition as a " disease,"
and contemptuously call it " Negrophobia," and declare it to
be "decidtdly worse than hydrophobia." From them the
poor slave has nothing to hopt, but "stripes and fetters," and
you nothing but sneers and abuse
Will you notavengeyourselvesby giving your support lo Mr.
Brooks, whoso votes in the Senate prove him to be the slave's
true friend, and who, in the opinion of the Hon Samuel Hoar,
and Hon Levi Farwell, and many other respectable Abolition-
ists, is worthy of your entire confidence. If, by dome so, you
can effect his election, would not your votes be "emphatically
votes for liberty 7" Your former pledges to scatter your votes
have been thrice redeemed, and are no longer binding on you.
Follow the example of the Abolitionists in other towns, who
are determined " nobly to maintain principle," and cast your
votes as patriotism and humanity dictate
Read the following letter, and then pause, before you give
your votes for slavery'1!
MR. FARWELL'S LETTER
Cambstdgb, March 20, 1839.
Gentlemen' Inasmuch as, at your former session, you have
seen fit to propose my name as one of the candidates to be voted
for at the Congressional election, you wilL I trust, excuse me in
requesting that my name may not again be used for that pur-
pose; first, because that, under no circumstances likely to oc-
cur, could I undertake to serve the district in that capacity; and
secondly, because, from my long acquaintance with Mr. Brooks,
and from his acta in the Senate of Massachusetts, I cannot but
