jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO TÜÉ CONGRESSIONAL GLOÜE.
ÍÓ7
26th Cono.......1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Walker.
Senate.
tinds in tke history of the country. It is very true,
as the Senator says, that this bill has not been fully
du cussed; and it is very true, also, as sta>ed by
him, that the usual business of Congress is back
by one month. Still the considerations remain
which I first brought up; and no urgency here can
accelerate the movement of the bill in the other
House.
And while I am up, I will make another sugges-
tion.   In the course of two years past there has
been a reversal—a change—a very great change—
and not an unimportant one, as it respects the ori-
gination of important measures.   Prior to that time
all such measures originated in   the House  of
the people, and they ought to do so, for the elec-
tion of that House by the people ought to be a re-
striction onus, and we ought to aim at augmenting
and strengthening the power of that body, and that
peculiar power which belongs to the people, or ought
to belong to them, and would, if the Government
were duly administered, of guarding the public
Treasury.   We ought, I think, to s-.e the propriety
of such bills origin at ng with them.    But if we now
delay the consideration of this measure, I believe
it will be for the benefit of the whole Sta'es, five
of whom are bow not fu'ly represen'ed; and I
trust the Senate, to whom   the chairman of the
committee ha<=, wi'.h so much propriety, referred
the question, will concur in the motion which I now
make, though only suggested before, that the con
si leration of  this bill be  postpone! till Monday
week.    I am happy that the chairman of the com-
mittee will enjoy the company of his colleague
earlier than I anticipated, and I hops the two other
great States will be represented on this fLor, and
the Senator from Michigan may be here before
passing the oil', if it should be postponed till that
time.
I have one remark in reply to the honorable
chairman. It is not essential only that his col-
league, as well as other Senators, should be here
simply to record his yea or nay on the passage of
the bill, but he ought to be here during the whole
discussion and the consideration of the amend-
ments. In this, I trust, the Senate will concur
wi h me.
Mr. WRIGHT said he bad nothing more to say
in reference to the lime when the bill is to be
brought under consideration. But he would reply
to one lemark of the honorable Senator in refe-
rence to the introduction of the bill into this body.
I am bound to say that I concur fully with him in
the change, the great change, which has taken
place in the last ten } ears in the legislation of the
two Houses of Congress, and I agree with him that
th s change is to be regretted. Bat he did not think
that the Commit'ee on F,nance were responsible
for the innovation. This is not even an appropria-
tion bill. There is a small appropriation for carry-
ing it into effect, but not touching in any way the
raising of revenue. But, at the first session I was
h<re, and it was a shcrt session, two most impor-
tant bills were passed, one for the distribution of
the proeeeds of the public lands, and the other the
so-called compromise bill; one of them wiih an ap-
priation moft important, and the other came at
least very cIo«e on a bill to ra'se revenue. Both
these bills were introduced here by the Sánator
from Kentucky, and I believe that was one great
st-p to tke change of which he complain?. Í do
not say t.iis in the way of censure, but to defend the
committee from the charge cf orijinating the inno-
vation alluded to. The circumstanct s in which the
o.her branch were at present, and the course which
had prevailed for some years past, were, in his esti-
mation, a sufficient jus.ification of the committee
for departing from this rule.
Mr. CLAY. In the first place, the honorable
chairman is inaccurate, though he did not in'end it,
in regard to .he character of this bill. If I am cot
mistaken, the first section of it makes an appropri-
ation to an indefinite amount.
Mr. Wright. There are two or three small ap-
propriations to carry the bill into effect.
Mr. Clay. But I am extremely indebted to him
for this opportunity to show the origin of those
two measures, so important to the country—the
land bill and the compromisee bill. Sir, how d:d
that land bill originate?  Has the Senator forgotten
how it was thrown upon a committee, and the mo-
tives under which it was ihrown—on a committee
of which I was a member?
Mr. Wright.   That was before I was heie.
Mr. Clay.   The history of it was thb:   The
Committee on Manufactures, in which interest I
naw take, and have ever taken, a most lively con-
cern, was raised; and some gentlemen entertained
the extraordinary notion that the sale of the public
domain was a tax, and, being so, was a subject
appropriate  to the Committte on Manufactures,
and should be referred to that committer.   Against
this I expostulated, protected,  and implored that
they would not send it to that committee, of which
I was a member.   And what was the result ?   The
political fiienAs of the honorable chairman, unitiug
to a man, and apparently with a view to my per-
sonal embarrassment, threw  the subject on the
Committee on Manufactures.   I then said, gent'e-
men, since you have thrown this matter upon me,
1 will off coat and go to wcrk; and so I did; and
the bill to distribute the procee 's of the public
lands was the result.   That was not a measure vo-
luntarily assume!, and it was not in violation of
that spirit of the Constitution which I am happy to
find the Senator regards as myself.   The measure
was thrown, literally forced upon me, and it wa3
passed by this House, and by a majority of more
than two thirds of the other House, sent to the Pre-
sident, and (said Mr. C. striking repeatedly and
emphatically on his pocket) you know what be-
came of it afterwards.
In regird to the other, the compromise bill, look
at the state of the country at that time. A civil
war was th?n threatening the country, and every
measure hid failed of accommodating the unhap-
py difficulty in which it was involved. The House
of Represeatatives was at a ¡-land, in a perfect balk,
incapable of motion. In that state of things I
proposed the compromise bill. But was it a reve-
nue bill ? Was it to raise or augment the tariff?
No; but to reduce, to cut it down. But I waive
this point. A majority of the Senate decided that
it was mi a revenue bill, such as must origirnte
in the o'her House. But to trace that bill in its
progress and final passage, while we were disput-
ing it here, the Hou3e bi ought it up as an orignal
bill on their part, in its very words, passed it by
acclamation, and when I first heard of it I was here
upon my feet. It was then concurre 1 in by the
Senate, approved by the President, and became a
law of the Ian J. Such is the simple history of the
land bill and compromise bill, and if the Senator
can make any thing out of it affecting the argument
or course which I now adopt, he is we'eome to the
whole benefit.
Mr. WRIGHT.   The Senator se«ms to consider
what I said as a mat er of charge against him.
Mr. Clay.   Not at all.
Mr. Wright. I spoke of these things as mat-
ters of reference, and though they re'er to the other
body of Congress, the only time that I was ever
called to order in my life was by the Senator ñ\m
Kentucky for referring to that body. IS it is now
proper so to refer to it, the Senator will agr.'e with
me that in its business progress it was never more
eflecually tied up than now.
Mr. WALKER said it was, he believed, at least
so far as his experience was concerned, the first
time that the S.nate was asked to postpone the
consideration of an important measure, because
some five Senators are not present, in consequence
of the failute oi certain State Legislatures to, dis-
charge their constitutional duties by filling every
vacancy in this body. The motion of the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] was to postpone the
consideration of this bill ti 1 Monday week. Now,
if the object of every Senator, was to have the pre-
sence and aid of every Senator, in commencing the
consideration of this bill. Thiscould not be effected
by th? motion of that Senator. The venerable
Senator from Tennessee [Judge White] had re-
signed but yesterday, and it was impossible that
this vacancy could be filled, and his successor be
here on Mon lay week. But why postpone the
consideration of this bill? The consideration of
the bill involves no vote upon it; and if it be con-
sidered proper to postpone a final vote here, to
await the contingent and uncertain action of seve-
ral States in filling e/ery vacancy, t'nis motion can
be made at a futu:e period, and constitutes no
íeason why we should not now consider and
discuss the measure. But, Mr, why delay our
action here, because every vacancy in this
body is not now filled? Two, at least, of
the Stales, unrepresented in part on this floor,
had declared in favor of the present measure; and
no delay to discharge our duties would change the
final vote, nor was it pretended that any such re-
sult would follow. Was it not known that not only
a majority, but two-thirds, of the S a'es of this
Union, had, at their most recent elections, declared
in favor of this measure, and that it will be adopted
here, if the will of the people of the several Sates
is respectad, whether the vacant seats be filled
or no:? But the Senator from Kentucky objects
to the origination of this and other important
measures respecting the public revenue in this
body, as a violation of the spirit of the
Constitution, and an innovation upon ancient
usages, and that such measures formerly originated
in the Hou¡ e of the people, as it is called by that
Senator. Bat why the House of the people, mora
than this body? Dees that House more truly re-
present the will of the people of the several States,
in that most impottant attitude, as confederated,
coequal, and sovereign Sates? Was that most im-
portant Sta'e Rights feature of the Constitution to
be disregarded, and are we to sit here, refusing to
perform our constitutional duties, refusing to in-
troduce here important measuies, because they have
not originated in the Hou^e? The Constitution
makes it our light, and therefore our duty, to ori-
ginate all measuies here except bills to tax the
people by raising a revenue. Th s is not alleged
to be such a bill. It is not alleged that the Consti-
tuí! n forbids its introduction here; but that, as an
important measure, it is an innovation upon former
usages to introduce it in this body. Sir, if th:s be
an innovation upon former us3g's, Mr. W. re-
joiced that such innovation had been made, and
that the States, as States and sovere'gnties, through
their representatives on this floor, had assarted all
their rights, had maintained the confederae princi-
ple of the Constitution, and o kinated a 1 measures,
however important, in this body, the otiginaton
of which here was net prohibited by thit instru-
ment. If any Senator felt dsposed to abandon
the constitutional r ghts of the States, by refus'n 
or delaying to originate important meisures in this
body, Mr. W. was not disposed to follow any such
pernicious example, or to consolidate more power
in the other House than had been delegated by
the Constitution. It had been truly stated, however,
that the Senator frcm Kentucky had himself intro-
duced-impottant bills in this body, and bills deeply
affecting t*e public revenue, namely, the land
bill, and the tariff bill. But the Senator  ays,
the land bill was forced upon him hy a vote of the
Senate, on the reference of the question to the Com-
mittee on Manufacture?. But if it be a violation
of the spirit of the Constitution to introduce impor-
tant treasures in this body, why did nit the Senator
leave this violat on of the Constitution to some other
member of the Committee on Manufactures, or
why viola'e the spirit of the ConsM'tution, either vo-
luntarily, or by the compuhory instructions of other
Senators? But th s vote of the Senate in 1832,
wou'd not exru;e the subsequent action of the
Senator from Kentucky in regard to this land bill.
Did not we all know—did not the journals of the
Seriate pn ve that the Senator from Kentucky had
volun'arily, ar.d without any vote or action up n
the subject in either House, iutroduced and origi-
nated this very land bill, not at one session only,
but for the last six years in this body? If, then, the
Senator had done wrong in 1832, why had the Sena-
tor from Kentucky repeated that wrong, by intro-
ducing and originating that measure here for the
last sir yeats? And was not tb,at land bill af'mpst
important measure? Dil it no  materially affect
the public revenues? Was it not án appropriation,
bul? Yes; the largest appropriation W  ever pro-
posed in this House, or in this country. By '&<: of-
ficial returns of the Secre-ary of<Se Treasury now
on the files of the Senate, this land b of the
Senator from Kentucky appropriated fifty-seven
niUtoM of doll.  of the public revenue for dutri-
