108
APt*í!NDÍX tO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£6th Cono.......1st Sgss.
Abolition Petitions~~Mr. Butter.
Jan. 1340.
H. of Reps.
botioo among the States; and, although not a
tariff or tax bill in name, it was so in fact; for if a
distribution of twenty-seven millions, already
made under the deposite act, had involved the
country in a debt not yet extinguished, the distri-
bution of thirty millions more, as proposed in the
land bill of the Senator from Kentucky, must have
created a national debt, now due, of thirty mil-
lions, and rendered inevitable an augmentation of
taxation and the tariff. It was, ia fact, a tariff
bill in disguise; and yet, for the last six years, the
Senator from Kentucky had, at every session, vo-
luntarily introduced into this body this important
measure, involving so vitally the great interests of
the country, appropriating in one bill fifty-seven
millions of money, creating a vast national debt,
and rendering an augmented tariff inevitable; and,
as regards the tariff, the compromise act of 1833,
originated by the Senator from Kentucky in this
body, was not that a most important measure? did
it not impose new duties on imports? did it not
raise a revenue from the people? and if so, could
it be introduced here? and was it any answer to
the objection, that in some cafe/, tut not in all, it
reduced the duties? Reduced duties, by creating
increased imports, might actually augment the
revenue; and if so, was it constitutional to originate
that measure in this body? Yet all this had been
done by the Senator from Kentucky; and yet, now
be would have no important measure, however
constitutional its introduction, originated in this
body; but we must wait the action of that other
House, so lately denounced by the Senator from
Kentucky asa servile body. Mr. W. never had,
or would, denounce that House as a set vile body,
but yet he did not believe that there was any thing
in their organization or superior wisdom, or greater
despatch of the public business, that should induce
us to refuse to introduce here all measures, how-
ever important, that could constitutionally originate
in this body.
Tüe question was now put on Mr. Clay's mo-
tion to postpone the bill to Mondiy week, and
decided in the negative Ly yeas and nays as fol-
lows:
Yeas—Messrs. Bet's, Clay of Kentucky, Clay-
ton, Crittenden, Davi*, Dixon, Henderson, Mer-
rick, Phelp?, Prentiss, Preston, Robinsm, Rug-
gle«, Srni.h of Indiana, Southard, and White of
In liana—16.
Nats—Messrs. Allen, Benon, Brown, Bu-
chanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Fulton,
Grun'ly, Hubbard, Kit g, Linn, Lumpkin, Mou-
ton, Nicholas, Norvell, Pieice, IUane, Sevier,
Smith of Connecticut, Strarge, Tappan. Walker,
Wall, William*, Wright, and Young—26.
REMARKS OF MR. BU^LKR,
Of South Carolina,
Jit the House of Repiesentativjes, January 21, 1840—
Oa the resolution of Mr.¡* Wad/y Thompson to
amend the rules relative,'to tbfe reception and
disposal of Abolition petition:
Mr. BUTLER, of Seufc parolina, ro e and
said:
Mr. Speaker: It has not bVtn the habit of South-
ern member , and particularly fr>m South Caro-
lina, to discuss the  subject now before the House.
Nor, sir, do I intend, on  the present occa-úoa, to
d sjuss the  constitutional right to hold slaves, the
moral influence of slavery, or its expediency.    No
Sou'hera  man  will ever condescend   to debate
. these questions on this floor, anl if they are forced
upon us, another field must be the arena of discus-
sion.   We do not fear the issue of such a discus-
sion before an honest and enlightened worlJ.    We
could show that slavery was coeval almost with
the existence of the human race; that it was fully
recognised under the Old and New Testament dis-
pensations; and that to us it is a political blessing,
instead of an evil.   But, sir, no one has a tight to
coerce us into these matters, and no power on earth
shall move us from our position.   We cannot,
however, ait tamely by and see these constan', re-
peated, and ceaseless attacks upon our institutions,
and insults upon  our characters, without feeling
iadignsnt aod excited.   It is to repel charges tbas
reiterated that I rise,
It has been alleged against the Souh that
we are sectional in our prejudices, and slaves
to local opinion. This allegation comes with
with a bad grace from thoss who are bound
down by prejudices, the most wilfully blind and
pernicious. Slaves to local opinion! What, sir,
could induce members of Congress, gentlemen of
intelligence and character, to present Abolition pe-
titions to this House, and demand their reference
to a committee, bat being slaves to local opinion?
What but this could influence the course which
Northern gentlemen take, in irritating the South,
without profit to any sectie n of this Confederacy?
So far as I am individually concerned, I have al-
ways endeavored to allay sectional prejudice?, and
to look upon this Union as one great family of
brethren The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Granger] asks why we of the South are now so
excited at the presentment of Abolition petitions,
when history proves that they have been presented
for the last twenty-five years. He, sir, has fur-
nished us with an answe-. Abolition petitions,
until within the last half dozen years, were confined
to a few ignorant, weak, and misguided fanatics; but
now they have wealth, political and local influence,
talents, well organized and increasing societies,
and numerous presses, devoted to their cause.
Their baneful influence is felt and exercissd every
where in the free Stales, and political parties dread
their opposition and court their favor. Members
here cower before this local fieling; and, what is
siill worse, avowed Abolitionists ate, on this floor,
the advocites and eulogists of these fanatic incen-
diarias. Can it be thought wonderful, under these
painful refl' ctions, that the South should be deeply
agitated? We should be less than men, if we could
fold our amR, and patiently submit to these in-
d gni ie*. But, sir, the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Granger] says that the Souh seems to forget
that other portions of this Union are to b  heard
anl respected here. The South claims no such
distinction, and how, let me ask, stands the cas-?
When a protective tariff is to be imposed, onerous
and unjust in its operations, who reaps the benefit?
The North. When canals are to be opened, harbors
surveyed and improved, roads to be built, and any
other extravagant appropriations for internal im-
provements, who shaie the "spoils?" TheNoith.
When a great Nationa, Bank is to be chartered,
with capital and power sufficient to control all
other banking insli utions ia the country, where is
it to be located? In the North. National legislation
has always been parúal to the North, and although
the South has deeply felt the injustice cf it, she
has sought for no selfish protection; the only pro
tection she demands, is to be let alone in the man-
agement of her local concerns. It is said that we
are ultra, upon the subject of these pitiions, be-
cause we fear the effect it would have have upon
our elections at home. This is a mis'ake; we
sand upon higher ground ihan such pit ful consi-
derations. We are defending our constitutional
and unalienable r'ghts; we are battling for the
security of our firesides, and th* sanctity of
our domestic re&ulations; and, sir, let me
tell gentlemen, for one, that if the course
which they advise would j.ut a stop to in-
cendiary petitions, I would freely become the
victim, if my constituents demanded a sacrifice.
God forbid (hat for so ignoble a purpose, a single
man could be found so base as not to render him-
self a wi ling sicr.fice on the aliar of his country.
We are to'd, sir, that our course is minisering to
the wishes of the Abolitionists, and our (rue policy
would be to unite with Nonhern gentlemen in re-
ferring these petitions to a committee, and that a
calm and temperate report would arrest the evil of
which we complain. How plausible is this argu-
ment, yet how delusive and untrue> If such
would be the result now, why has it not had that
effect heretofore? In 1829 the^e petitions were re-
ferred to a committee, and a report was made
against the prayer of the pstitioners. Again, in
1836, they were referred, and Mr. Pinckney, chair-
man of that committee, made an able and lengthy
report. Did this stop the evil—did it tetard it for a
moment? On the contrary, your table ha?, from
that period, literally groaned under the we;ght of
Abolition memorials, from men, women, and Chi!-
i
dren. Sir, the movement which that gentleman
made on that occasion (I do not impeach his mo-
tives) was unwise and impolitic, to say the least of
it, and the irreparab'e mischief which followed, I
fear, is not sreeddy to be cured. It opened th?
doors of this Hall to Abolitionists, and invited them
to come in and prosecu e their unhallowed purpo-
ses, and well have they improved the opportunities
thus afforded them. Think you, sir, in the face of
these facts, that any Sou'hera member can be
found on this floor, or elsewhere, so utterly
regardless of his own interest, and so forgetful
of his duty to his constituents, as sgai  to
be caught aiding and abe ting the worst enemies
of his country? Why, sir, no man here can be-
lieve that reception, reference, repoit, and all,
would satisfy and quell the movements of men
goaded on by a fierce and fanatical resolution to
accomplish their ends or rend the Union asunder.
They have the sagacity to see that they have ad-
vanced a step, at an early stage of their operations,
much beyond their most sanguine expectation^;
and nothing, no, sir, nothing can now arrest their
onward course but the adoption of some such rule
as the resolution before you proposes. Pass that,
sir, and you give us quet and an assurance that
you really mean to uphold our constitutional
rights; reject it, and you prove to us that upon
ourselves alone depends protection.
The "sicred right of petition" is said to be in-
volved, and gentleman cannot come up to our pro-
position because their people will not sus ain them.
No one wishes to invade the right of petition; but
do not, under color of this right, send memoria's
here of and about things in which ihe petitione.s
have no interest. I grant, sir, that all and eve y
citizen t.f this country have a right to be heard
here, by petition, upon such matters as immediately
pertain to themselves; but does it follow that they
are officiously and offensively to thrust themselves
into other people's concerns, totally distinct and
unconnected with them? Aie we to be told, be-
cause the right of petition is guarantied by the
Constitution, that cít zeas, in the Northern States
are authorized to petition Congress for the redress
of imaginary grievances under which their South-
ern n?ighbers are laboiing? Shall other portions
of this Union impudently and arrogantly assume
to themselves the duty of tnlighUnn* us upon
subjects in which we are alone interesiei? Shall
they become our kind guardians, and point out to
this Legislature the blindness, the evils, and turpi-
tude incident, as they allege, to our situation? If
upon ord nary subjects, anl there was no other
objection, the very impudence of the thing would
excite our inlignatioa and coatempt. But, *ir,
when we sej systematic and ceaseless attacks made
upon our institutions, our property, and our secu-
riiy, from those who have no earthly interest in
the matter, we can but feel it as an outrage. Sup-
pose the South was to imitate the Norhinths
abominable ciusade, organize societies, smd out
missionaries, erect pre.-ses, and load jour table
wiih petitions, to hang sll Abo'ititionisls, lo pass
laws compelling the free whi'e and free black of
the North to intermarry, or to do any thing else
equally wrong and improper, and in what did not
immediately affect us—would all this be tolerated
by Northern gentlemen in their zeal to support the
constitutional and sacred right of petition? Would
such petitions be received, considered, referred to
committees, anl treatel as in ordinary case.? I
apprehend not; "circumstances would alter
cases" with gentlemen, and tfaoie who are
now so vociferous for this right would
say to us, as we now say to ihem, ibe.-e peti-
tions ought not to be received. The gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Slade] has broadly ad-
mitted ihat Congress has the right to reject peti-
tions of a mischievous tendency. Well, sir, this
Í3 conceding all I contend fer. And is theie no
mischievous tendency in Abolition petitions? If
to break down the barriers of constitutional tights,
to produce discord and division in.this natitn, and
ultimately to dissolve the Union, can give them
that character, so they are to be regarded. That
gentleman, as well as every intelligent man must
see, from the unanimous feeling of the South, that
such is their inevitable tendency; and if he has any
