1Í0
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan.  1840.
26th Cono.... 1st Sess.
State Debts—Mr. Grundy.
Senate.
body, that Abolition papéis did c'aim his nomina-
tion, over Mr. Clay, as a triumph of anu-<-lavery
feeling? I cannot tell what amount, or kind of
testimony, gentlemen require to e-tibli^h a propo-
se on, but adding all thess facts togeiher, I draw
the conclusion that General Harrison is the fa-
vorite candidate of the Abolilionis s, and, if so, this
ought to deier every consistent fcta'e R ghts man of
the South from supporting him. I repeat my de-
nte to do him jusiice; for I wish to see no man
seeking the highest office in our Republic who
would, for a moment, countenance the schemes of
ftose who are plotting the dismemberment of the
Union.
Note by the Editor—Subsequently to the de-
livery of these remark*, a resolution has passed the
House by a vote of 114 to 108, which conclusively
demonstrates the correctnes of the positions as,/
sunaed in the above remarks.
ASSUMPTION OF SIVfcTE DEBTH/
IN senate;
Friday, January 31,^840. /
Mr. GRUNDY, from the Sellct CcnÉmittee, to
which was referred the íesolution kubmjited by Mr.
Benton, and the resolution iupmitfed Dy Mr.
Lumpkin, on the subject of the assumption of the
debts of the States by the Federal Government, made
a report thereon, which was read.  \f
A motion was then made to print the usual num-
ber of copies for the use of the Senaie, which hav-
ing been opposed by Messrs. Crittenden, Preston,
and Soüthird—
Mr. GRUNDY remarked that he could neither
be persuaded nor provoked to go into a discussion
of the merits ot the report, upon a mere motion to
print. The object of the present motion is to have
the report printed, and laid upon the tabic of
each member, that he might examine it, and be ena-
bled to act) upon the subject understadmgly. In-
stead of adopting this course, whic*) was the usual
one, gentlemen had thought proper to assail the re-
port, which it was impossible for them to under-
stand by hearing it read at tbe Clerk's table. It his
suggestion had prevailed, then the knowledge of
the contents of [tbe report would precede
the di cussion, and Senators would nt*t run
the risk of ascribing to the report matters not con-
tained in it His purpose was not to go into an
argument in support ot the report; he would only
reply to a few of the remarks which had been
made in opposition to it. He intended, at the
proper time, to give his views at large on the
whole subject. He might profit (vaid Mr. G.) by
some of the kind advice volunteereu by the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Preston,] but a portion
of it he could not adopt. Toat Senator had taken
exception to the report because we did not, when
¿peaking of the Slate debt , also state the means of
pavment possessed by the different States. Mr.
G. said he could not engage in the business of
taking an inventory of the effects of a sove-
reign Stale of this Union, for the purpose of
showing its ability to discbarge the liabilities
it bad incurred. So far from this, whenever one
of the United States bad given a bond or obligation
for ihe payment of money, he looked no farther;
he took it for granted the money would be paid;
and if Sena'ors would lojk into the «port, they
would see that no idea is,conveyed to tbe prejudice
of ihe credit of any State; so lar from it, i.ei hei
the ability nor willingness to discharge their bonds
is questioned m the slightest degree. Still gentle-
men insist that the report will weaken the credit of
the States, and depreciate tieir bonds The credit
of the States cannot be weakened by a declaration,
by this body, that ihe General Government will not
assume the payment ot these bonds. If ihe creJil
of the States can be affected by such a measure, it
was of a much weaker texture than he had sup-
Ftr ti á own part, he considered the credit
of the States as standing on a firmer basis It has
been stated by tu  Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Preston,] thai the report does injustice to
some of the States in this; that a large aggregate
amount of debt is sta'et. and the amount of the
indebtedness of each State is not specified. This
shows that the course gentlemen are pursuirg is
eironeous. It the report was printed, such mis-
takes ould not be committed; there is no aggregate
amount of debt stated; it is spoken of as a veiy Itirgt
debl; but no sum is named. It is true, m tne ori-
ginal report, the debt was supposed to be about
two hundred millions of dollars; but a question
arising upon the propriety of considering certain
contingent liabilities, as constituting a debt pgainst
a State, the committee, upon a revision of the re-
port, struck it out, and have assigned their reasons
why no precise amount can be stated. They say
that the bonds issued by the States have not all
been sold; a parthave been hypothecated for par-
tial advances on them, and others are now in the
foreign markets.
He presumed no one would say that the aggre-
gate of the debts of the States would not constitute
a very large debt; he at lean ihoughi so, and the
committee so considered it; but be the debts large
or small, it did not affect the pnncip'es or argument
contained in lha report.   Why is the pnntm% of
the report objected to?   If (here be errors in it,
there is intelligence sufficient in the community to
detect and expose them; and ihe authors of these
errors, if they exist, will suffer in public emulation.
He was willing to abide this te-t.   There is the
report, let it go forth among  the peop'e; let them
see  it andjuc'ge of it f( r themselves,  and let not
uVir opinions be formed of it, from mistaken re-
presentations made of it here    Gentlemen need
not deceive themselves; this report would be pub-
lished, and read with more avidity, on account of
the efforts made to suppress it and prevent its pub-
licity.
It is charged on ihe committee that they have
gone beyond their duty, because the matters report-
ed on were not properly before them, no applica-
tion having been made to this body for an assump-
tion of the S'ate debts. The committee, said M r.
G. have acted under the authority and order of this
bod); they Were directed, by the reference of ihe
resolutions ol the Senator  from Missouri and
Georgia, to invest gate every subject embraced in
the report; both the assumption of ihe State debts,
and the distribution of the revenues arising from
the public lands. Nor would the committee have
discharged its duty to the Senate, had they omitted
to do so.
Entertaining the opinions he did, he did not
choose to stop at a vindication of the committee.
He thoughtthe who'e proceeding was a proper one.
Wise men would see danger at a distance andprovide
against it; and he considered this measure, when in-
troduced by the Senator from Missouri, of that de-
scription. He viewed it as a judicious precaution-
ary step, calculated to guard against great impend-
ing danger. Should public men, whose duty it is
to give warning to their countrymen of every
movement injurious to" their interest, wait
until they are encompassed and hedged in,
so that the power of re-i-tance is lost' When
the schemes of their adver-aries are matured,
then resistance will be unavailing. He was
therefore in favor of a prompt and full discassion,
and a declaration of opinion on the part of ihe Se-
nate, upon all the subjec s treated of in the report.
He was him elf perfectly satisfied thai this course
would do no injury to the credit of the States. The
committee had no design to impair their credit,
nor is there a single expression in the report calcu-
lated to produce such an effect. The efforts to sup-
press this report, and prevent its publication,
would, he believed, be more likely to injure the
cred t of the State bonds, than all the committee
have said or done. He did not, however, think the
credit of the States would be seriously affected
by either. That credit was based upon
their means of payment, which were known
to be ample, and their character for good faith;
and this sensitiveness wnich is manr'ested about
their credit, is calculated to injure it mors than any
tmng else.
It is urged that no one has applied to this
body for an assumptirn of the State debts; and
therefi re, all action on our part is premature and
uncalled for. It is true, no direct application has
been made, but an influential portion of the press
has made the proposition, and is urging it upon ihe
consideration of the public for its adoption. Two
or three days since, the resolutions of one of tne
Stales (Vermont) were presented to this body,ask-
ing for a distribution of the revenue arising
from the sale of the public lands. It ap-
peared in a newspaper of this city, published
several days before tne committee reported, that
an honorable member cf the other House [Mr.
Gentry of Tennessee] had given notice that he
would, when in older, introduce a b II providing
for the asMimpt on of certain deb's of the Slates,
and appropriate the proceeds of the public lands
for that puipose. Tnere was assumption directly
propo ed; not, to be sure, a general assumption,
but a paitial one; the extent of which he could not
define. Butof one thing he felt confident: if this plan
was commenced, it would end in a gei eral assump-
tion He would not repeat the argum nt contained
in the report of the CJuimittee, which, to his mind,
proved conclusively that it would be as competent
for Congress to take the moneys ansmg from im-
ports, as the revenue arising from the sales of the
public lands, and aprly them to the payment of the
debts of the States.
Mr. G sud he would now proceed to show that
this project of assumption was not confined to our
own countrj; that the largest capitah ts in Eng-
land—the very men who owned and traded most
in these State bonds—had made a proposition
plainly and distinctly in favor of the assumption,
which the leport ot the committee combats. In
the circular of the Barings, Brothers, and Co. there
is the following language:
"But if the old scheme of internal improvements
in the Union is to be carried into effect, on the vast
scale and with the rapidity lately projected, and by
the means of lojwgn capital, a more comprehen-
sive guarantee than that of individual States will
be required to raise so large an amount in a short
time."
"A rational p'edge wou'd undoubtedly col'ect
capital together from all parts of Europe; but tbe
forced sales of loans, made separately by all the
individual States, in reckless competition, through
a number of channels, render the terms more and
more onerous for all, lower the reputation of Ame-
rican credits, and (as reliance is almost exclu-
sively placed upon the London markei) produce
temporary mischief here, by absorbing the floating
capital, diverting money froai regular business,
deranging banking operations, and producing an
unnatural balance of trade aaamst this country. It
would seem, therefore, ihat most of the States must
either pause in the execution of their works of im-
provement, or some general system of combina-
tion must be adopted."
Here, continued Mr. G is a paper, which cannot
be misunderstood. No more money can be had
upon the bonds of individual Slates. "A more
comprehensive guarantee will be required;" "a na-
lional pledge would undoubtedly collect capital
together from all parts of Europe " Yes, make a
national debt, to be paid by the General Govern-
ment, and then all Europe will contribute her mo-
ney for the purpose of increasing the debt.
Will gentlemen say this is no proposition for
the assumption of State debts? It was, to Mr.
G's mind, not only a proposition, but one
made to the American public, made to the in-
debted States, and tho^e having State bonds not yet
disposed of, in an especial manner. It is, in part,
saying to them, you must ob am a guarantee from
the General Government, or your improvements
must be arrested.
Mr. G. iaid, other Senators may imagine there
is n< thing in all this, that an influen ial portion of
the public press advocating the assump ion; that
some Stales asking for a distribution of the
revenue arising from tie public lands; tha "
the proposition, in ihe other House, to as-
sume certain debts of the States; and the
direct proposition of the London bankers for an>
assumption, should not be noticed by this body.
He, however, was of opinion, that they would not
act the part of faithful watchmen over the true in-
terest of the conntry, were they to be silent, and
not give warning of the impending danger. For
his part, he thought he saw much to be feared in
