Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
£6th Cong««"1st Skss.
State Debts—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
regard to a national debt; much in regard to an in-
creased and oppressive tariff; much in regard 10
the general prosperity and welfare of the country.
Mr. G. remarked that he had transcended the limns
he had pi escribed to himself when he rose to ad-
dress the Senate; he had intended to confine
himself to the question of printing the report of the
committee. If that were donr, gentlemen would
not have to conjecture respecting us content*;
they could then base their argumen's upon its
true cont-nts, and not subject themselves to those
mistakes and errors which had been made concern-
ing what was contained in it. A word or two only
in relation to a past transaction. He was rebuked,
because he had made a report now, when he would
not make, at a former session, a report upon a por-
tion of the President's message, respecting the
bankruptcy of bankt, which was referred to a
committee of which he was chairman.
Mr. G. remarked, he had, in that instance, acted
according to the convictions of his own mind. He
differed fiora the President in the case alluded to,
and a majority of the committee concurred with, him
in opinion; therefore no report was made upon the
subject, and the committee was discharged from its
further consideration on his motion, which was ac-
cording to the usage of the Senate in similar cases.
la the ca?e now before the Senate, a majority of
the committee, including himself, concurred in th«
general objects of ihe original resolutions, and had
made the teport now on the table of the Senate ac-
cordingly.
Reference is still had to thejreport first presented
to ihe Sánate, in which the debts of the States were
said to be estimated at two hundred millions of dol-
lars. Mr. G. remarked that he was by no means
convince J that the estimate was too high. He
wished it might turn out that he was mistaken, al-
though, taking the report of the late Comptroller of
New York, with the knowledge that several agents
from different States had, in the course of the last
summer, been in Europe selling these bonds, he ap-
prehended the amount would not fall much, if any,
short of the sum named in the first form of the re-
port. He would probably, at a proper stage of
this proceeding, give his views at large on the sub-
ject. At present, he considered it improper to do
so. He should, therefore, forbear to say more at
present.                                         \               f*
REMARKS OFMR. HUBBARD. /
Mr. HUBBARD remarked that hd was desirous
to say a few words upon this subject, aid they
should be but few at this time; as he tnighl proba-
bly, on some future day, should the $enaPe afford
the opportun ty, ad lress the Senate urJbnAhe ie;o-
lations which the committee had rented.    He
rose merely to call the Senate back to The conte-
ntion of the real questions which were now before
them.     It   seomed  to   him that gentlemen had
travelled   out of the record;  that they were at-
tempting   to make up a false issue  before the
country;  to prejudge this whole matter; t« pre-
sent a course of reasoning based upon this report,
which a fair examination of the report itself would
not justify.   They refuse to print; they will not
consent to give publicity to this document; and yet
make expositions of it, in their speeches, which, in
his judgment, the report could not sustain.   All he
asked was, that the report and the   resolutions
should be printed, that every member of the com-
munity might have the opportunity to examine and
to judge for himself.   He asked this as an act of
justice to the committee,  t j whom this subject had
been, by order of the Senate, referred.   He asked
it as an act of justice to the Senate, which has seen
fit to take cognizance of this matter, as a subject
worthy of their consideration.   He asked it as an
act of justice to the whole country, that this re-
port, word for word, letter for letter, should be
given, without delay, to the public.   He could not
but f el a degree of astonishment and suprise that
the printing of thisi report, as moved by tne chair-
man of the select committee, should be denied:
that it should even be delayed—that the delibera-
tions of the committee—the resalt of their doings
upon a subject, which, by the order of the Senate,
had been committed to them, should be refused
the asnal and customary ^courtesy.   But so it is.
And he mu t therefore, as well as he could, present
the true íssus to the public. He could not, as a
member of the committee, permit the sentiment to
go forth wicontradit'ed) that by this report the
States were arraigned for their prodigality, de-
nounced and rebuked for their extravagance in ex-
penditure, and that their indebtedness was put
forth in such terms as to affect their credit at home
and abroad.
He unqualifiedly denied these positions; and he
felt assured that any fair and candid examination
of ihe argument of the committee woold show
most satisfactorily that there is no foundation for
such allegations.
He hoped the Senate would not lose sight of the
true questions presented by this report. What were
they? Woulditbe just? wouldit be expedient? would
it be censti utionalfor this Government t  assume and
undertake to pay the debts of the debtor States? These
Were ihe only questions; and disguise it as you may,
they ere the questions. The argument, and
ihe whole argument, of the committee, is based
entirely upon toose very propositions; and the con-
clusions to which ihe committee have arrived, are
distinctly set forth in the resolutions accompany-
ing then- report. The arguments which have bean
ottered upon the other side, seem to be grounded
upon the supposed fact, that the repoit of the com-
mi tee treats of the indebtedness of the States in
such a way and manner as to imply censure to
those sovereignties; to charge upon them extra-
vagant and wasteful expenditure of the monsy of
their people; that the report of the committee,Re-
cording to their version, is but a bill of indictment
preferred against the States for their prodigality.
The report speaks no such language. It alludes not
lo the particular indebtedness of particular States
nor does it speak of the aggregate indebtedness of
all the State*. It may speak ot the indebtedness
of some individual States in the illustration of a
principle; but not in the language of fault-find-
ing or censure. It has scrupulously avoided dis-
cussing the subject of State indebtedness. It did
not even occur to the committee, that the subject
of State indebtedniss was necessarily to be discussed,
while executing the important duty confided to them;
and, notwithstanding the course of remark on
yesterday, and notwithstanding the remarks which
have been rei'efated this morning, the report will
be found to run e'ear of all such objections. It will
be fonnd to be limited lo a fair, full, and free dis-
cussion of the subject referred to the committee:
and again, he would ask if there could be any pos-
sible doubt what tiat subject was?
The very first resolution submitted by the Se-
nator from Missouri leaves no room  to  cavil,
as   to   the   exient of the   power  and   jurisdic-
tion of the jelect committee, to whom that resolu-
tion, with others, was referred.   The resolution is
as follows:   "That there is nothing in the Constitu-
tion of the United Slates which can authorize the legis-
lative power of the Union to  assume the debts of the
States, which have been contracted for local objects
and Slate purposes."   The oiher resolution, offered
by the S nator from Missouri, declared, in the
most direct and unqualified terms, the injustice and
inexpediency of any such assumption. These, then,
were the subjects plainly and intelligibly referred
by the order of the Ssnate itself.to the consideration
of its committee.   And what has that committee
done ?   Have they departed from the subjects com-
mitted to them ?   Have they undertaken to d ssuss
new matters 1   Or have they confinad themselves
exclusively to the consideration of the subjects re-
feired?   Examine the report; let that speak for it-
self.   He asked for no man's commentary upon it;
he asked merely for i's publication; and hs hazard-
ed nothing in saying that it would be perceived ihat
the committee had confined themselves to th*ir
own jurisdiction.   They had, according to thnr
best ability, discussed, firs', the palpable injustice of
an assumption of the [State debts by the General
Government—secondly, they had discussed the in-
expediency of such a project—and thirdly, they
bad discussed the uncons itut onality of the mea-
sure.   And what are we told by Senator m the
Opposition ? That we have gone out of our way
to attack the credit of the Siates,by exposing to the
public the amount of their indebtedness; and by a
gratuitous declaration (hit this Government would
net become, undt r arty circumstances, the endorséis
for the States. He must, in reply, say that these
allegations were entirely gratuitous. As he had
befoie remarked, the report con'ained no attack
upon the credit or the character of the States. No such
a'taek was ever designed by the committee. No*
thing could have been further from their thoughts;
and no such attack has been committed upon the
States. Is the debt of Pennsylvania, or the debt of
Louisiana even stated, or is the debt of any other
State of the Confederacy stated in a way to affect
the credit of any such State? The debt of no par-
t cularS'ate is mentioned at all in the report, ex«
cept it be that of New York and Illinois. Why
then th s sentivehpss Updn the matter? We heard
no complaint made from the St Ues of Louisiana
and Pe msylvania, against the terms of the corarait-
te 'á report. And we hear no complaint made of
the report from the Senators of New York and Il-
linois. There s no just ground of complaint. But,
nevertheless, it has been said, and said over and
a ain, in argument, that the committee havegra-
tuitously, and that they had, in tru h, without right
and without authority, made this report; that it was
uncalkd for; that no State had applied to Con-
gre.-s to have the General Government assume its
debts. That may be true.f But had the committee no
au hority for their action? D d they assume U
make this report without right? It is not nece sary
that any corporation or that any one State should
make a persDnal apphca'ion to Congress to assume
its debts, m order to give jurisdiction to the Senate
over this subject. It is every day's practice for Se-
ators to rise in their places, and to offer abstract
proroMttons, and to ask the consideration of the
Senate upon them. This may be done by a direct
action of the Senate upon .them, or through the
agency of a committee appointed for the purpose.
And will it be said that if the Senate elect to call
in aid the services of a committee, that that com*
mittee are precluded from treating the subject in
such a manner as to them shall seem most fit and
expedient? A Senator rises in his place, and offers
a resoluton instructing a committee to inquire
into the propriety of making a distribution ot the
proceeds of the sales oí the publ c lands among the
States, for the purpose of internal improvement, or
for any other purpose. Would not the committee
to whom the subject should te reterred, be fully au-
thor zed to discuss the injustice, the inexped ency,
and the unconstitutionality of such a project?
Would they not be authorized, from the very nature
of the reference, to treat the whole subject as they
should think proper? Would not such a committee,
under such a reference, be fully authorized to
report resolutions for ihe action of the Senate, de-
claring the injustice, the inequality, the unconstitu-
tionality of any such distribution? Tkere can be no
doubt ujson this point. Let us, then, examine and
ascertain what was referred to this select com-
mittee, and see whether they have acted gratui-
tously and without authority, or whether the charge
is not made against them without the shadow of
jus'ice or of right. Whether the Senator. from
Missouri were wise oi unwise, reasonable or un-
reasonable, in bringing forward his resolutions, he
should reserve for tutuie consideration. Suffice it
to say, they were presented, and presented upon the
responsibility of that Senator—a responsibtli'y
which the Senator will not seek to avoid. The re-
solutions were before the Sanat^; their introduction
and the course of proceeding thereon is now mat-
ter of record.   They were in the following words:
"Resolved, That there is nothing in the Constitution of ths
United States which can authorize ihe legislative power of the
Union to assume the debts of the States which hare been con-
tracted Tor local objects and State purposes.
"2. That the assumption of such debts either openly, by a
direct promise to pay them, or disguisedly by going secunt;
for their payment, or by creating surplus revenue or applym
the national funds to pay them, would be a gross and flae**n'
violation of the Constitution, wholly unwarranted by thj,
or spirit of that instrument, and utterly repugnant to
jects and purposes for which the Federal tynion i— '"
"3. That, besides Us flagrant unconstituUon_.., .
sumption would be unjust, unwise, impolitic,**™ "?"/„?£'"'.
compelling the non-indebted States to incuri¿2? Hiviruni-ST
which they have refused to incur for them***«£ '*£"J™=  •
national lunds from national objecuUo *jC°X%?£te%pZ
creating a necessity for loaus or taxes,?',         rt,rerU,rf. nr 
per moley to supply the place of^^^-n.d  pro*
ned.
