114
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
¿6tii Gono*..*1st Sbss.
SMe Debts—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
Legislature during its present session, took the
«mount of the debt, as he understooi it tobe,
from that document, and, according to his recollec-
tion, himself erased the sum stated in the report of
eighteen millions, and interlined, in his own hand
writing, the words "about fifteen and an half mil-
lions;" and that ihis was done before the report was
first made to the Senate.
This explanation he had made to exempt the
committee from the charge of having staled that
debt at eighteen millions, when their report was
read in the Senate, and of having altered the sum
after the recommitment on yesterday, as well as to
exempt them from the charge of error at all, in
the statement as it now appeared. In the altera-
tion of the sum stated in the report, as well as in his
explanation of it, he had intended to give the truth;
and yet the subsequent remarks of the Senator had
been made to ihow that he was in error.
[Here Mr. Southard rose, and inquired if Mr.
Wright supposed he intended to charge him with
intentional error]
Mr. W. said, certainly not: certainly not. He
beged tbe Senator to be assured that he had made,
and intended to make, no ill natured remarks. His
object was, what he had declared it to be, in re-
ference to his alteration of the report and his
former explanation of that act, to arrive at the
truth, and to give that to the Senate and the coun-
try upon this point at least.
Could he have obtained the floor when he first
made the attempt, and so as immediately to have
succeeded the honorable Senator, be should have
confined himself to a more full explanation in re-
lation to what lie supposed to be the true amount
of the debt of the State of New York, and the au-
thority upon which he had assumed it to be what
he had stated. He might now extend his remarks
to a few other topics, bat a severe cold made it
laborious for him to speak; and, as well as the late
hour of the day, would prevent him from being
very tedious. And he would first complete his ex-
planation in relation to the debt of the ¡átate he had
the honor in part to represent here.
The honorable Senator [Mr. Sootharo] had
produced and read from a document emanating
from the State, to show that the amount of the debt
was much less than the sum stated in the report of
the committee, and, by necessary consequence,
that he (Mr. W.) had misled the committee upon
that point. He did not complain that the geutle-
man had produced tbe document, or of the use he
had made of it. It was a document proper to re-
fer to for the purpose for which the Senator had
made the reference. It was the message of the
Governor of his State; a document which ought to
carry authority with it, and especially to his hono-
rable colleague and himself. It was the document
to which he first referred, after the inquiry in re-
ference to the amount of their Btate debt was made
of him by the honorable chairman of the commit-
tee. He remembered that their Governor had
given a statement ©f the debt in his message, and
there he first sought for the true amount. An ex-
amination of the document, however, was unsatis-
factory to bim. It spoke of certain deductions,
without giving the amount of the items, and some
of them weje clearly part* of ikeexisting debt of
the State. An acquaintance, somewhat extensive,
with these matters, in years past, satisfied him
that tbe true amount of the State debt was not to
be learned from the message of the Governor; and,
having recently received copies of tbe annual report
of the Comptroller of tbeState, the officer who keeps
the books and accounts of (he State, and whose
duty it is, in this report, to show its true fiscal con-
dition, he had recourse to that document for the in-
formation sought by the committee from him.
The report was made to the Legislature of the
State on the 13ih day of the present month; and
appended to it, as exhibits connected with the fiscal
condition of the State, he found two tables, marked
H and I. The tables he now hela in his hand, and
the entire document from which they had been ta-
ken, was laying upon tbe desk before him. Tbe
first mentioned table, H, bad this caption:
"Statement showing the amount of canal and
general fund stocks ontstandjngon the 1st January,
1840, the rate of iatertst, «nd when redeemable.''
Then followed the various amounts of stock, ar-
ranged under various heads of expenditure, and
there was carried out in the last column a general
aggregate, the footing of which was $13,697,931 03.
The table I, printed upon the same sheet, had the
following capt on:
•'Statement of stocks issued to incorporated com-
panies on the faiih of the State, and the amount au-
thorize J to be issued."
The table contains the names of the companies
which have received portions of the«e stocks, a re-
ference to the acts c f the Legislature authorizing
the emission, the amount of stock already issued to
each company, and the farther amount authorized,
but not issued, with the aggregate of both. The
table is, therefore, clear and intelligible, not con-
foonding stock authorized to be if sued with that
actually issued, and constituting an existing debt,
and from it the amount actually issued is shown
to be #1,847,700, while that authorized and not
yet issued is $2,762,300 more.
To answer the committee, then, Mr. W. said he
tookt the first two sums above named as the exist-
ing debt of the State, and, adding them together,
he found their amount to be $15,545,631 03, and
from data of that authority, he had inserted in the
{ report of the committee the words "about fifteen
and a half million^." as the amount of the actual
and existing debt of his State, instead of the eigh-
teen millions previously written by the committee.
Had he given the committee the true sum? Or had
he Jed them into error? Had he done injustice to
the State he ought truly to represent, and brought
merited censure upon a committee of this body, by
the same act, or had he told the 'ruth without re-
gard to consequences?
These were the inquiries which suggested them-
selves to his mind, and the inquiries he wished, so
far as it was in his power, to enable the Senate to
answer. The honorable Senator had shown to us
the message of the Governor of the State, giving
tbe amount of its debt, as stated by the Senator, at
a sum not far different fiom $9,000,000. He
(Mr. W.) had given the amount of that debt to
the committee, and now gave it to the Senate, at
$15,500,000, or about that sum, and had rested
himself upon the official report of the fiscal officer
of the State, and the political, and, he supposed,
personal friend of the Governor. The difference
of amount was most material, considering the
sums given by either party. A mistake, or error,
of six millions, in fifteen millions, is no inconsi-
derable variance from the truth, whoever may
have made it.
Of the authority which ought to be ascribed to
tbe respective documents which had been adduced,
it did not become him to speak further than he had
done. For their accuracy he certainly could not
endorse, further than to give the official responsi-
bility of the authors. Still he would venture to
believe that no one, here or elsewhere, would be
found attempting to impeach the accuracy of the
tables appended to the report of the Comptroller,
to which he had referred. Did their statements
and results necessarily conflict with, and contra-
diet, the statement of the Governor, as to the
amount of the S ate debt1? To the casual reader
the difference was, unquestionably, wide and im-
portant. Here he thought that might not be found
to be true; and indeed he was not prepared to say
that, here, the errors and discrepancies might not
be, charged to him, instead of the author of either
document.
Had he not listened to the debates in this body,
on yesterday and this day, he could not have be-
lieved that, with all the facts before us, we coupl
have differed about the amount of the debt of a
given State. Yet those debates had riiown him
that this difference of opinion did exist among the
members of the Senate, and that the point in con-
troversy had a direct bearing upon the question,
what was, in fact and in truth, the debt of his own
Slate?
He referred to the position taken yesterday by
several Senators, that the stocks, or other liabili-
ties, of the several State?—call them by what
name you please—incurred for the benefit of inco-
porated companies and associations, or individuals,
are not, properly speaking, debts of the States; and
that, in speaking of the indebtedness of the several
States, these liabilities should not be considered.
He would not now consider this doctrine any
further than it had particular application to the
debt of his own State; though he hoped, before this
debate i-hou'd close, to have an oppi rtunity to give
h;s views upon it at length, and to expose what
seemed to him to be its dangerous character and
tendency, as it respects the ciedit of the States, the
fiscal affairs of the States, and the people of the
States.
Wha*, ¡hen, was its application to the point in
depute—the amount of the debt of the State of New
York? He had given to the committee the sum of
fifteen and a half millions as about the amount of
the true debt of his State, and be had now shown
that the fissal officer of the Slate had given it, rn
the fust day oí the present month at $15,545,631 03.
In this amount, however, was included $1,847,700
of debt incurred for canal, navigation, and railroad
comp-nies; and should this sum have been so in-
cluded? Was it, in truth, a part of ihe State debí?
The Governor ol the State had not so cons dered
it, and had excluded it from his statement, which
accounted for so much of the difference between
himself and his comptroller. H<-, Mr. W. con-
sidered it a part of the debt of the Stats, and there-
fore included it in the sum given to the committee
a* the aggregate of that debt. Who was in error?
What are the facts? The public stocks of the State
have been issued for these amouuts in the same
manner as for any other debts ©f the Slate; these
socks have been sold in the market a3 the stocks
of the State, not as the stocks of the companies, or
associations, to which they were issued; they are,
at this moment, in the markets of ihe world as the
stocks of the State, without reference at all to the
companies, or associations; they bear the same
price in those markets as any other stocks of tbe
State, having the same time to run, and drawing
the same interest; and the holders and purchasers
rely as confidently, and as exclusively, upon the
State, for the payment of both interest and principal
upon them, as do the holders and purchasers of any
other of the stocks of the same State. Indeed,
Mr. W. said he could not say whether there was
any thing in the form, or upon the face, of these
certificates of stock, which would distinguish them
to a stranger from the certificates of stock issued
for the exclusive benefit of the State itself.
It was true that the companies and associations
had made certain pledges to the State for the pay-
ment of the interest upon these slocks, and the final
redemption of the principal; and the theory of the
transactions unquestionably was that these pledges
were sufficient to indemnify ihe State against i's
liability. It was true, too, he believed, with a sin-
gle exception, and that trifling in amount, that the
companies and associations had, as yet, met the
payments of interest. There was one case, how-
ever, where the payments, even of interest, had
ceased almost with the issuing of the stock, and
the State had been compelled to make those pay-
ments since, without any other hope than to be
forced to redeem the principal without any indem-
nity. He hoped this was not a sample case for
these liabilities, but a solitary exxeptiou. Yet was
he, was the honorable committee, whose report was
under discussion, at liberty to disregard these
stocks, when giving to the Union and the world tbe
amount of the debt of the State of New York?
Were they permitted to proclaim to the holders of
these stocks, and to future purchasers, that the
State does not owe them; that they constitute no
part of its debt? And were they to do this, to sus-
tain the credit of the State in the markets of the
world? He could not draw such conclusions from
such premises.
There were other grounds upon which tfce Go-
vernor and Comptroller of his State differred, in
their respective statements of the amount of its
public dtbt. The Comptroller has given the exact
amount of the solemn obligations of the State, out-
standing and unpaid. The Governor has given
the amount which the Siate would owe, in case all
these pledges of the canal, navigation, and railroad
companies, were actually redeemed, and certain
money of the State, said to be on hand, were actu-
ally applied to  the payment  of its debts.
