116
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
26th Cong*—1st Sess
States, while the debts, interest, and principal, are
thrown upon this Government for payment. This
is the manner in which the report speaks of ihe
Stale debts, and here, if any wheie, must be found
the support for the grave charges which are made
against it.
Mr. W. said he would take his own State for an
example. The report assumed to state ihe amount
ot i s debt. It was apprehended that the sta'ement
was excessive, and yet the report declares that ihe
revenues annually accruing from the objecis of ex-
penditure are more than sufficient to meet the inte-
rest upon the amount of debt given. Is the state-
ment of these fact?, in a report to the Senate by
one of its committees, an infnrgement of the sove-
reign rights of that State? Are the facts stated cal-
culated to destroy its credit at home and abroad,
and thus to bring unmerited injury upon ill In
short, Mr. President, said Mr W. is the credit of
any one of the free and proud States of this Union
s> frail and feeble, and sustained upon so unreal a
basis, that the simple truth, told ia relation lo its
pecuniary liabilities, will destroy ii? Will any man
m these seats claim the fact to be so as to the State
he represents here? Will any one asseit or be-
lieve it as to the State from which I come, and of
the financial affairs of which I suppose I am per-
mitted, at all times, here and elsewhere, respeci/ul-
ly and truly to speak? Sir, she has hitherto paid
her debt faster than it has fallen due, and so Jon?
as wisdom shall guide her counci's she will con-
tinue to do so. She has ihe means to preserve her
faith and her credit, without depending upon the
ignorance of the world as to her liabilities; and if
the time shall come when she snail be willing to
pledge the former, or to send forth the later for a
market, relying upon such a dependence, that will I
be the time when the truth should be known, re-
gardless of the consequences to her.
Take her debt, sir, and who believes it unjust to I
her to urge the inexpediency of separating it from
her rich revenues, and throwing it upon this Go-
vernment for payment? To her it is light, be-
cause, in the course of its contraction, she has laid
the foundation for permanent revenues, more than
sufficient to meet the accruing ¡merest. Transfer
it here, without those revenues, and it becomes a
dead weight. So with the debts of all the other
States. They, too, must be separated from the ie-
venues, which have been made consequent upon
them, if they are assumed by this Government; and
in such a general arrangement, the existing bur-
dens of New York could not be lensened, while
tiey might be fearfully increased. Her proportion
of any debt of this Government wou'd rest as d-
rectly and as heavily upon her people, as an equal
amount of her own debt, while the interest would
be met, and the principal redeemed, not by her re-
venues, set apart for the purpose, but by the heavy
operation of the taxing power here.
Think you, sir, she will call upon you, nnder
such circumstances, and with such prospects, to as-
sume her debí? I confidently hope and believe
not. She has been to you once. I believe she was
the first to ask your aid for objects of internal ex- 1
penditure. You refused her rightly then, and
I pray she may be the last to invite another re-
fusal.
Let the States manage their own affairs in their
own way, in reference to their local expenditures,
and the debts to be contracted for them. They will
have the revenues to be derived, and let them meet
the payments to be made, not separate the one from,{
the other, and tie the debts, with the weight of g
millstone, about the neck of this Government.   /
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL/
DEBATE IN THE SENATE. /          |
Thursday, January 16, 184D.   /           j
Mr. BENTON moved to strike opt from the j
19th and 20th sections of the bill the clauses which
permitted the reception and disbursemefirt of Fede-
ral paper; and read the sections to shojf how they
now stood, and what would be the^ffect of the
proposed amendment, if made. The secuons were
in tuese words:
Sec 19  And be itf:rthcr enacted, That from and after the
hirtieihday of June, which wilt be in the year one thousand
Independent Treasury—Mr. Btnton.
eight hundred and forty, the resolution of Congress of the thir-
tieth day of April, in the year one thousand eight hunched
and sixteen, so far as it authorises the receipt in payment of
duties, taxes, sales of public lands, dfhts, anil suras of money,
accruing or becoming payable to the United States, to be col
lected and paid in ihe notes ol specie paying bank*, shall be so
modified as that one fourth part of all such duties, taxes, sales
of public lands, debts, and sums ol money accruing or becom ng
due to the United States, shall be collected m the legal run en
cy of the United Stales; and liom and after the thirtieth day of
June, which will be in the year one thousand eight hundred and
ferty-one, one other fourth part of all such duties, taxes, salea
of public lands, debts, and sums of money, shall be so collected;
and that from and alter the thirtieth day of June, which will
be in the year one thousand eight hundred and forty two, one
other fourth pan of all such dunes, taxes, sales of public lands,
debts, and sums of money, shall be so collected, and that from
and after the thutieth day of June, which will be m the year
one thousand eight hundred and forty three, the remaining
fourth part of the said dunes, taxes, sales of public lands, debts,
and sums of money, shall be also.tollected in the legal currency
of the United States, and from and after the la*t mentioned day,
all sums accruing, or becoming payable to the United States,
for duties, taxes, sales of public lands, or other debts, and also
all sums due for postages or otherwise, to the Gcneial Post
Office Department, shall be paid m gold and silver only, (or
in such notes, bills, or paper, issued under the authority of
the United Slates, as may be directed lobe teceieed by law
in payment of the public dues )
Sec  20 And be it further enacted, That, from and after
the thirtieth day of June, which will be in ihe year one thou-
sand eight hundred and forty-thiee, every officer or asent en
gaged in making disbursements on account of the United State",
or of the General Post Office, shall make all payments in gold
and silver co.n only, (o> m such notes, bills, or paper, issued
under the authority of the United Slates, as may be directed
to be received by law,) and any receiving or disbursing officer,
or agent, who shall neglect, evade, or violate, the provisions ol
this and the last preceding section of this act, shall, by the Se-
cretary of the Treasury, be immediately repotted to the Preei
dent of the United States, with the facts of such neglect, eva
sioo, or violation, and also to Congress, if in session, and, if not
in session, at the commencement of its session next after the vi
olaiion takes place.
Mr. B. fa d that thess two sections constituted
the specie feature of the bill; but as they now s.ood
they were very far from being what the act of 1789
was, and to which act he wished lo carry back the
fiscal action of the Federal Government. That
act, made as it was by the framers of the Constitu-
tion, and immediately after they had framed it, de-
clared that the revenue should be col'ected "ingold
and silver coin only;'''' and these two sections, after
repealing the same enac ment to take effect on the
30th day of June, 1843, went onto add an excep-
tion in fav< r of Federal paper money, which ran
in these word. : "or in such notes, bills, or paper, is-
sued under the authority oj the United Slates as may
be directed to be received by law." The act of '89
contained no such exception as this; and it was
very clear that, leaving this clause in the
two sections, and the whole currency of the
Federal Government might become paper—
i's own paper—and not a shilling of hard
money be received or paid out by the
Federal Government. I know very well that the
Finance Committee, which reported this bill, does
not mean to defend this clause. The two secuons
which contain it, were copied from the bill as it
passed at the extra session of 1837; and were part
of the amendment then offered by a Senator not of
the committee, and adopted by ihe Senate. At that
time an issue of Treasury notes, receivable in pay-
ment of public dues, was a part of the policy of
the Government; and an exception in their favor
seemed to be necessary. But that necessity no
longer exúts. The last of the Treasury notes now
out would be redeemable on and before the 30th
day of June next^and trusting that no more ef these
notes will ever be issued in time of peace, 1 am for
closing the door upon them with the expiration of
the present issue, and cutting them off from Federal
payments and receipts as soon as the specie clause
takes full effect. This will not be until June,
1843; that is to say, until three years after they
cease by the law of their creation to be receivable
in payment of public dues. As the interest will
cease upon them in June next, it is probable that
none of these notes will be outstanding three years
aAer that period. If they are, they can be paid m
gola and silver at the Treasury; and it would be
too much, for a comingency so improbable, and
for an object so inconsiderable, to mar a main fea-
ture of the bill, by making any provision for their
reception. But the clause, as it now stands, goes
entirely beyond the receivabihty of present out-
standing Treasury notes: it is not limited to the
present issue of these notes, or even to Treasury notes
themselves; but extends to the general and perma-
nent reception and disbursement of the "notes, bilk,
or paper" is:ued by the authority of the United States,
Senate,
| and directed to be received by law in payment of
public dues. This is opening ihe door, not merely
to present Treasury notes, or even future oi.es, but
to every spec es ot Federal paper money whatso-
ever; and consequently is, in my op n'on, opening
the door to an unconstitutional and mist dangerous
practice, totally at war "with the idea of a hard
money Government.
I am opposed to Federal paper money just as
much as I am to bank notes, either local or na-
tional. So lar as mischief is concerned, 1 consider
Federal paper money the most dangerous which
our country could see; tor I consider the miachiefs
of paper money to be in proportion to the power
and irresponsibility of the issuer. The greater that
power, and the more irresponsible, so much witter
will be the sphere of its paper circulation, and so
much the more helpless its holders, in the event ef
the ratastrophes to which all paper money is sub-
ject. This was the cate with the paper money of
the Continental Congress. Their issues at first
were moderate, and iheir bills were equal to go'd
and silver; but, havms; no superior to check them,
they went on with their issue>, unul Ihey amounted
to two hundred millions of dollars, and the whole
fell dead upon the community. The men who did
that were as honest, as patriotic, and as wise as
their posterity can ever be. They were among the
best and greatest which the history of the human
race lias revealed to our view. They deserve the
applause and Ihe gratitude of the latent genera-
t ons: yet, in the irresponsible r-sue of paper mo-
ney, and us dreadful tffeds, they have left us an
admonition never to adventure upon if, if we had
the power. But we have not tne power. The il-
lustrious sages and patriots who, in their dire ne-
cessity, and in the throes and convulsions of our
national birth, had recourse to the expedient of pa-
per money to save the life itself of the country,
took care to interdict their posterity from the same
dangerous rtsort. They gave them a Constitution
for their guidance; and in that Constitutien they
adopted gold and silver as ihe only le?al currency
of ihe land, and utterly prohibited the legal tender
of any thing el^e. This is what they did to save
us from the misfortunes into which they fell; and
regardless we must be, both of constitutional obli-
gations, and of the warning voice of history, if we
do not profit by their care to save us.
The two ssctions which I have read are intended
to restore the fiscal acton of our Government to
the standard of the Constitution; and, as far as
bank paper is concerned, they do so; but this ex-
ception m favor of the "notes, bills, and paper,"
issued under the authority of the United States, is
a sad and ruinous qualification of "the specie clause."
It repeals that clause in toto! It subjects the Go-
vernment to become, not a hard money Govern-
ment, but a mere paper machine, doing all iisbust-
ne s in paper, and making our sub treasuries mere
warehouses of paper. It recognises the habitual
use of Treasury not* s; that most easy and seduc-
tive mode of going into debt, and that entering
wedge to the paper system, and stepping stone to a
depreciated currency! I detest these Treasury
notes; in time of p-a^e, I abhor, detest and eschtw
them. In time of war only are they fit to be
thought of; and if the Federal Government can do
its duty in relation to the currency, ihere will be
no occasion for them even in time of war. Our
hard money currency has risen, in eight years,
from twenty millions to ninety million*; and may
be increased in a few years more to such an amount
as to enab'e the expenses of the most extensive
war to be defrayed exclusively in gold and silver
coin. The Great Emperor raised the currency of
France from all paper to oU specie, in six years. In
1799, when placed at the head of affairs as First
Consul, he found the currency a mass of ruin—
nothing but assignttts and mandats depreciated a
thousand per cent; yet in six years thereafter, when
called to celebrate the immortal days of Austerlttz,
Jena and Friedland, when the gigantic wars, the
internal ameliorations, the national defences, and
the almost fabulous magnificence of the imperial
court, had carried the annual Government expenses
to eight hundred million of franes—one hundred
and sixty millions of dollars—the whole was paid
in gold and silver! and the same precious metals
