Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
con tituted the exclusive common currency of the
forty millions of souls which constituted the popu-
lation of the empire. This is what one man did
in six years; and can we not, m three or four years
more, increase our .«pecie from ninety millions to
as much as will defray all the expends of our Go-
vernment in any war in which a cm be ii vo.ved,
and farnuh the crmmon currency of our popu.a-
u n besides? Surely we can; and nothing but the
f rrors of vicious lrgis'ation can prevent us from
d ung ss; and thus save a recourse, even in time of
war, to the perilous resort of Treasury notes.
Sir, these sentiments which I now express in re-
lation to Treasury notes, are not new conceptions
with me. They are old principles, deep seated in
my bosom, and often declared on this floor. Often
have I declared them; and, not to fatigue (he Se-
nate with multiplied quotations, I will limit my self
to the citation of some part of what I said three
years ago, at the called session, and when the Go-
vernment found itbelf reduced, in consequence «f
the deposite of Us money with the States, to the
deplorable necessity of proposing an is'ue of these
notes.   I then said:
"I will now say a few worás on the policy ofissuin?Tieasury
no'es in time of peace, or even in time of war, until the ordinary
resources of loans an I taxes had been tried and exhausted. I am
no friend to the issue of Treasury notes of any kind. As loans,
they are a disguised mode of borrowing, and easy to slide into a
currency; asa currency, it is the most seductive, the most dan-
gerous, and the most liable to abuse, of all the descriptions of
paper money. 'The stamjiingof paper (by Government) is an
operation so much easier than the laying ot taxes, or of bon ow-
ing money, that a Government in the habit of paper em.ssions
would rarely fail, in any emergency, to indulge itself m the em-
ployment of that resource, to avoid, as much as possib'e, one
less au-picious to present popularity ' So said General Ha-
milton; and in that, all the lathers of the Republican church—
Jefferson, Madison, Macon, Randolph, and all the rest—con-
curred with him. These sagacious statesmen wete shy of this
facile and seductive resource, so liable to abuse, and so certain
of being abused. They held it inadmissible to recur to it in
time of peace, and that it could only be thought of in time of
war; andthatafterexhausting the direct and responsible alterna-
tives of loans and taxes Bred in the school of these great men,
I came here at this session to oppose, at all risks, an issue of
Treasury notes. I preferred a loan, for many and cogent rea-
sons," &e.
This was my language in relation to Treasury
notes thrre years ago; it is my language now. No
earthly cons deration could now induce me to vote
for an issue of these no'es, even a single issue, con-
fined to a specal occaaon, and limited to a paiti-
calar amount. How then c mid I vote for the e
sections,  i h this clause in them, which goes to
recrgmse as an habi'ual practice, the issue of
" notes, bills, or paper" by the FederaT Govcnment,
and to make this indefinite paper the ord'nary me-
dium of payment in the receip's and disburse-
ments of the Federal Government. Limited to
tie reception of the Treasury notes, actually now
out, and it might pass without s lenuous objection;
but there is no necessity for such limit even, for
the reasons I have before given. Limited to these,
and the c'ause m ght stand without excitirg a
strenuous objection; but unlimi'edand indefin te as it
now is, and going to recognise and invi e an is^ue
of all sorts of paper by the Fed-ral Government,
the clause becomes uncen titutional and indefensi-
ble, and diiect y at war with our hard money pro-
fessions. But it will not fland. The committee
which reported the bill, and retained this clause, be-
cause it was adopted by the Sena'e in 1837; this
committee will not defen 1 if; and I believe I know
enough of tie mind ef the Senate to say that it
will be rejected by an almost unanimous vo'e.*
I believe it will be almost unanimously rejected,
and the two sections thus brought lo a precise con-
formity with the great act of 1789—that act wh ch
required the revenues to be paid in gold and silrer
co,n only. Yes, s¡r, in these coins only! or, as I
night say it in the old English idiom, one-!y; for
cur only is a contractor! of the old English ene-ly;
which is more expressive than the contraction, and
plainly imports intpgnty and individuality—the
one thing by itself. The clause will be struck out;
Vie act of 1789 will be re-established; that act
which General Hamilton repealed and reversed by
construction, and to prevent any future Hamilton
from doing which a penal sanction is now added to
the section. The twentieth section of the bill, after
providing for this restoration of the act of '83, goes
9*
It was so rejectad: the vot? b -ir g thirty-ilme aga'rut, six for
' C#&U66i
on to guard it from future violation m these words:
''And any receiving or disbursing officer, or agent, who
shall neglect, evade, or violate the provisims of this and
the last preceding section ofthts act, shall, by the Secre-
tary of the Treasw y, be immediately reported lo Iht
President ef the United States, with the facts of such
neglect, evasion, or violation; and also to Congress, if
in session; and if not in session, at the commencement
of its session next after the violation takes place." This
is the penal sanction to prevent the future violation
of the great act of 1789, restored to iis original
force by this Independent Treasury bill. The vio-
lator of the act is to be reported to the President,
who, as swoin to see the laws faithfully executed,
will well know what disposition to make of the of
fender. If the President should fail in his duty, the
two Houses of Congress will have the information
which will bring the case before themselves.
Mr. President, ibis is a great point in the great
measure before us; it is one out of the two great
points which the Independent Treasury system
presents. That system presents but two point ,
namely, first, the exclusive use of gold and silver
coin by the Fedeial Government; secondly, the ex-
c'u ive keeping of its own money by i s own
officers. These two points constitute the system;
all the rest is detail; and this system effects the
to'al divorce between Bank and State; and not only
between Bank and Slate, but b:tween the State on
one side, and the whole paper system on the o her.
I am now employed upon one of these poinis—the
first one of the two. The motion which 1 have
made, and the speech which I am making, go to
the first print; and in the success—the probable
success wh.ch awaits it—I see the consummation
of a long and cherished object, at which 1 have
faithfully labored for ten years.—labored as loDg
as the siege of Troy lasted. In the very first
speech which I delivered against the rechaiter of
the Bank of the United Sutes—a speech delivered
in the session of 1830-31—I took the ground of a
hard money currency ftr the FeJeral Government,
and its to'al disconnect en f.om the paper system.
I had seen the evils of a resort to lecal bank paper
by the Federal Government. I had seen the er-
ror—the great and grievous error—of those who
terminated the first Bank of the United States, and
left the Ur.ion without any national enrrency,
eithf r paper or metall c. I had seen the evils of
that error in the deplorable state of our finances
and currency daring the war of 1812-15; and, in
laboring to terminate the exis'ence of the second
Bank, whi^h was born of ihe error committed in
relit'on to the first one: in laboring to terminate
this second Ba k, I a;med at avoiding the error of
my precursors of 1811, and to provi/e a na'ional
currency of gold and silver in place of the national
currency of bank notes. I was determined to
avoid the error of 1811—to eschew the use of
local bank rap?r—and, in escaping from the arms
of the great monster, to tike good care not to fall
into the claws of the little ones. This was dis-
closed in my first speech against the Bank, deli-
vered on the 2d of February, 1831; and here is an
extract from it, which estab isaes what I saj:
'I am wiling to see the charter expire, without providing
any substitute for the present Bank. I am w lltng to see <he
currency of the Federal G jvernment left to the HARD MONEY
mentioned anel in'ended in the Constitution; I am willing to
have a HARD MONEY GOVERNMENT, as that of France
has been since the time of assignats and mandáis Every
species of paper might be left to the State authorities, unrecog-
nised by the Federal Government, and only touched by it for
its own convenience w'ien equivalent lo gold and nlver Such
a ennency filled France with the precious metals, when Eng-
land, with her overgrown bank, was a prey to all the evils of
unconvertible paper. It furnished money enough for the
imperial Government when the ponulation of the empire was
three times more numerous, and the expenses of Government
twelve times greater, than the population and expenses of the
United States; and, when France possessed no mines of gold
or silver, and was destitute of the exports which command the
specie of other countries. The United States possess gold
mines, now yielding half a million per annum, with every
prospect of equalling those of Peru. But this is not the best
dependence. We have what is superior to mines, namely, the
exports which command the money of the world; that is to say,
the food which sustains life,and the raw materials which sustain
manufactures. Gold and s Iver is the best currency for a re
public; it suits the men of middle property and the working
people best; and, if I was going to establish a working man's
party, it should be on the basis of hard money; a hard money
party agamst a paper party."
Thus, Mr. Presideat, near ten yea's a*o, I dis-
closed my sentiments on this subject. I then pro-
posed the restoration of the gold and bjI w curren-
cy of the Constitution to the Federal Government,
and the toial disconnection of the Government from
the paper system. Tnis plan I have kept in view
from that day to thi«; and have faithfully labored
to accomplish it. Three years ago, believing that
the time had arrived for executing iha plan which
I had so long meditated, I brought into the Senate
a bill entitled "to re establish the currency of the Con-
stitution for the Federal Government," the enactments
of which were consonant to its title. It proposed
the gradual disuse of paper, and the progressive re-
turn to the hard money standard; and was both ia
its mode of operating, and in the time it would re-
quire to attain its object, the exact substance of
the two sections before you—the exact substance of
what they will be when the amendment is made,
which I have just had the honor to piopose. That
bill was in these words:
"A bill to re establish Ihe currency of the Constitution for
the Federal Government.
"Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of Amenca tn Congress assem-
bled, That bank notes and paper currency of every description
shall cease to be received, or offered in payment, on account of
he Umied States, or of the Post Office, or in fees in the courts
of the United States, as follows Of less denomination than
twenty dollars, none shall be so received after the third day of
ifaich eighteen hundred and thirty-eight; of less denomina
tion than one hundred dollars, none after the third day ot
March, eighteen hundred and ihirty-nmc; of less denomination
than five hundred dollars, none after the third day of March,
eighteen hundred and forty; of less denomination than one thou-
sand dallare, none after the third day of March, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-one; and none of any denomination, from
and after the third day of March, eighteen hundred and forty
two
"Sec 2. And be it further enacted, That any person hold-
ing an appointment under the laws of the United States, and
any bank employed to keep public moneys, wh'Ch person or
bank shall neglect, evade, violate, contravene, or in any way
alude, or attempt to elude, the provisions of this act. shall be
guilty of an offence agnnst the laws; and the person so offend-
ing, shall lie liable tobe dismissed Irom the service, and the
bank so offending shall, on satisfactory information, be discon-
tinued as a depository ef public moneys "
This was my bill; and now, Mr. President, be-
ho'd the workings of time, and the results of expe-
rience. When that bill was brought into the Se-
nate, it stood here, so far as my knowledge and
information extends, without a solitary supporter
except its author! Solitary and alone he stood at
its back: in a minority of one he ran the chance to
be left in any vote which should be taken upon it.
Then it was that I had an opportunity—one out of
many which a friendly intercourse of near twenty
}eari has aSbrdtd me—to te-t the goodness of the
heart, and the kindness of the ftelmgs, of the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania who s ts over the way, [Mr.
Buchanan.] That Senator saw the predicament
of my bill: he saw it would get no support. He
had seen me solitary and alone on many occasions;
and rightly judged that a public man might be dis-
paraged in ih« public estimation, who appeared
habitually wi hout supporters in a public body. He
came round to me from the seat where he now sits,
to the place where I now stand; and, after a suit-
able introduction, to prepare my feelings for the
catastrophe, he proposed to me to ask leave to
withdraw my bill, or to have it laid upon the table,
as the means of extricating myself from the soli-
tary exhibit on uhich awai'ed me. Now, it .*o
happened that I had m t the least objection, so far
as I was personally concerned, in siandiég «lone in
'Ufport of that bill. I had fully committed myself
for it by bringing it in; I look  d ahead and saw the
day that I might be proud of it: but, deference for
-he land feelings of my friend, and to thow hi>n
that h s intimations were taken in the sense
in which they were intended, I agreed to have
it quietly dropped, by being laid upon the table:
and another Inend, [Mr. Wright, of New York,]
with the concurrence of the author, moved to lay
it upon the table. It is a gentle moticn—some-
thing equivalent to backing out—and is rarely op-
posed; but on that occasion it was opposed, and
some little effort was made to hold the bill up for a
vote; but the Senate permitted it to ga down upon
the table. It went down without noise. Ho yeas
and nays were called opon it; and tbw I lost the
boner, in 1836, of votmg afofte fci a measure
wh ch, in 1840, will command Ae unanimous vo'e
of my party. The day has «#* which 1 foresaw.
Time, and ¡ts «vents, have accomplished what my
endeavors could not effect; and two susr-en ions ot
the banks m three years have brought the Demo-
cratic party to the point I was at many year* a^
