Its
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
26th Cono.......1st Skss.
.— —1
Independent Treasury-~Mr. Benton.
Senate.
The bill which I proposed in 1836, and the
nineteenth and twentieth sections ot the Indepen-
dent Treasury bill (when amended as they will be)
are identical. They propose the same end, ap-
proach it in the same gradual way, arrive at it at
the same time, and guard it with the same sanc-
tion. They are both to re-establish the currency
of the Constitution for the Federal Government;
and this re-establishment of that currency is one
out of the two principles which constitute the Inde-
pendent Treasury system.
My motion now is to strike out certain words
from the specie feature of ths bill, and thereby 10
make it conformabl.- to the woids, spirit, and
meaning of cur Constitution, and to ihe great act
of 1789. My motion is, in effect, to res'ore thst act,
and to restore it completely, by excluding Federal
paper money as well as bank paper money from
the receipts and disbursements ot the Geneial Go-
vernment. Sir, th's is a great pi int in the case,
and I mean to make it clear. My asset ton is,
that the act of 1789—the firs.t act for the collection
of Federal revenue—made gold and s.lver only
receivable in payment of the public dnes—that
General Hamilton, then Secretary of the Treasury,
nullified and reversed that act by construction—and
that the specie clause in this bill is intenced to re-
store the act of 1789, and to prevent any future
Hamilton from construir g it away. This is my
assertion; and the proof is forhcoming to sus-
tain it. At page 27, vol. 2, of the laws of
the United States, (Duane's edition,) being
the 30th section of the first revenue law ever
passed by Congress, is found these words: "The
duties and ftt  to he collected by virtue 0/ this met
SHALL BE RECEIVED IN GOLD AND SIL-
VER COIN ONLY." This is the act—these the
words of the fundamental act, for the collect-on of
the Federal revenue. The bare reading t>f them
establishes the fact that the first Congress which
«ver sat under the Constitution, and composed, in
great part, of the men who actually framed that in-
strument, the bare reading establishes the fact that
this first Congress enacted an exclusive specie cur-
rency for the Federal Government. This point
being established, the next inquiry is, how came
the Government to slide off immediately into a pa-
per money currency, and to remain ever s nee in-
volved and enthralled in the miseries and losses of
the paper system? The answer to this question is,
that the then Secretary of trie Treasury, General
Hamilton, took upon himself to nullify the act by
construction, and to cons'rue the words "gold and
silver coin only," to signify bank notes; and upon
this construction, ordered these notes to be received,
and thereby involved the United States in the bank-
ing and paper system, which has continued to the
present day, and from which it is the object of the
present bill to extricate us. Upon this point Gen.
Hamilton shall have the benefit of his own words;
and I will read to the Senate the report which he
made to Congress on his cons'ruction of mis act,
and which contains his argument in vind.cation of
his conduct.   He says:
"This section (the 30th of the act of 1789) provides for the re-
ceipt of the duties in gold and silver coin only.   The Secretary
has considered this provision as having for object, the exclusion
of payments in the paper emissions of the particular States,
and the securing the immediate or ultimate collection of the du-
ties in specie, as intended to prohibit to individuals the right of
Saying in any thing exeept gold and silver coin; but not to hin-
er the Treasury from making such arrangements as its exi-
gences, the apeedy command of the public resources, and the
eonvenienoe of the community, might dictate; those arrange-
ments being compatible with the eventual receipt of the duties
in specie.   For instance, the Secretary did not imagino that the
provision ought to be bo understood as to prevent, ifnecessarv,
an anticipation of the duties by Treasury drafts receivable at trie
several custom-houses.  And, if nought not to be understood in
tbw sense, it appeared to him that the principle of a different con-
struction would extend to the permitting the receipt of the
nales of public banks, issued an a specie I und.   *    "   *    *   *
Such were the reflections of the Secretary with regard to the
authority to permit bank notes to be taken in payment of the
duties.   The expediency of doing it appeared to him to be still
less questionable.   The extension of their circulation by the
measure is calculated to increase both the ability and the incli-
nation of the banks to aid the Government.   It also accelerates
the command of the product of the revenues for the public ser-
vice, and it facilitates the payment of the duties," Ac
This was the reasoning of General Hamilton,
that eminent and bold man, who was the great
founder of the Federal sect. To nullify express
words by construction— to judge a cons'itmional
question by its expediency—to sacrifice gold and
aiirer to paptr—to marry the Government and the
banks together—and to make the forme r dependent
upon the aid of the latter; this was his conduct and
his policy; and this has been the conduct and policy
of the sect which he founded for the fifty years
which it has existed.
This was the reasoning of General Hamilton;
this his argument, to show that gold and rilver
coin only signified bank notes!    Certainly nothing
more fallacious—not to say audacious—ever fell
from the lips of man.   It was an insult to the un-
derstanding, and a contejopt for the spirit of those
to whom it was addressed. But it «at addressed to a
Congress of Federal members;to a Congress in which
the Democracy had no weight, and the majority
of which immediately proceeded to chain the whole
Federal Government to the British paper system.by
chartering a National Bank wi h Brit'sh stockhold-
ers, funding the soldiers' certificates, assuming State
debts, and creating a stockjobbing interest to feed
and fatten upon the ciedit and revenues of the
Union—to rule its politics, and to consider the ad-
ministration of the Government as wholly subordi-
nate to their own schemes of wealth and aggran-
disement.   This was the Congress to which Gene-
ral Hamilton made his report, and which received
it with the submission and acquiescence which
might be expected from suoh a body.   They shut
their eyes upon the mockery wh;ch was made of
the law, and they submit'.ed to the insult to which
the excuse implied to themselves.   This was fifty
jears ago; and now, at last, after half a century's
suffering from the effects of that violation of law,
and after the glorious revival of Democracy under
the administration of General Jackson, a Congress
sits to do the work which ought to have been done
by the Congress which received General Hamil-
ton's report.   That Congress ought to have re-
buked   his  conduct, re-enacted its hard money
clause, and guarded it with penal sanctions from
future violations.   This is what they ought to have
done.   It is what thev did not do; and it is what
we are now doing for them.   The Independent
Treasury, with its specie clause, is to do this; and
the contest upon this bill—the divis;on of parties
for and against it—is the contest, and the division,
of the   Hamiltonian   Federalists   and   the   Jef-
ferson'an    Democrats    of    fifty     years    ago.
Believing this point to be now sufficiently esta-
blished, and that this enactment will be looked up-
on in its true light, as a mere restoration of the fis-
cal action of the Government t j its primitive and
constitutional course, I proceed to the more gene-
ral observations, connected with the second feature,
?nd the general policy of the bill.     The second
feature of the bill is, that the F<deral Government
shall be the keeper, and the exclusive keeper, of its
own money.    The heavy losses in the revenue,
twice in three years, from employing banks to keep
our money, have opened the eyes of almost all lo
the folly and impolicy of employing such keepers.
The impolicy of it is given ur> by almost all: the
Federal party only wish for a National Bank to be
employed as the keeper.    The Democracy refuse
the custody of the public money to all banks: they
go back to the Constitution, which required it ío te
kept in the Federal Treasury, and not to be drawn
out of that Treasury, except by a Treasury war-
rant    founded    upon    a    law    of    Congress.
The Constitn ion is express, that, no money shall be
drawn from the Treasury but in consequence of appro-
priations made by law.     This is the Cons itution;
and its mandate is clear that the United Stales
shall have a Treasury, which Treasury shall con-
tain all our money, and from which no money shall
be taken except on a Treasurer's warrant, founded
on a law of Congress.     All this is clear; and con-
formable to it was the first action of the Federal
Government.   There was no National Bank when
the Constitution was made, nor for some years af-
ter; there were but three local banks then in the
whole Union; the public moneys, in the first years
of Wathington's administration, remained chiefly
in the hands of the receiving officers, whence it was
drawn out upon the Treasurer's warrant.     The
revenues were in the custody of the Government
officer , subject to the warrants of the Treasurer.
This continued until General Hamilton got his
banking system into operation; and then the publie
money went into bank?, to be kept by bank offi-
cers, subject to be drawn out of the bank like the
private money of the institution, and to be used at
the discretion of these bank officers, not onlv with-
out a law of Congress, but without its knowledge
or consent. This is what General Hamilton es-
tablished, and permitted to be done; and now the
intention of the Independent Treasuiy bill is to go
back to the Constimtion—to define and esiablish
the Federal Treasury—to have the public moneys
put into it—and to keep them there, untouched by
any hand, until a Treasurer's warrant, founded up-
on a law of Congress, goes to demand them. This
is the second, and the remaining feamre of the
Treasury bill. It is merely to reform the action of
the Government, and to restore it to the constitu-
tional intention. It is a reformation, and not an
innovation. It is giving a praciical operation to
the words of the Constitution.""* It is the correction
of General Hamilion's second great perversion of
the Constitution; and as such divides now, as it
did fifty years ago, the twe great political parties
of the country.
The reasons for establishing an Independent
Treasury are now too apparent to require argu-
ment here. Two suspensions of the banks in three
years, shows that they cannot be relied upon by the
Federal Government. Besides, our whole banking
system is a dependency of the British system; its
centre is in London; iis masters are there;
and, in addition to it  own inherent dan-
gers, great enough, in all conscience, it is
also subject to the misfortunes, and to the orders,
of the mother system in England. It must shut up,
and blow up, as ordced, or suffered there; and
thus the Federal Government, in keeping its mo-
ney in our banks, is virtually keeping it in London,
subject to the orders of Englishmen, and to the
wants, or policy, misfortunes, or crimes, of their
own paper system. Surely it is lime to break such
a dependence.
Mr. President, it is now twenty years that I
have meditated, and ten years that I have been
acting, on the subject matter of this bill. I came
into this body at a time, and in a state of the
country, calcula'ed 10 make those think, and se-
riously think, who were elevated to the high func-
tion of national Irgislation. I was elected to this
body in the year 1820, when the hollow and delu-
sive paper system was undergoing ona ef its
habitual and disastrous convulsions; and when my
progress to this place—my journey from the Mis-
sissippi to the Potomac—was one long ride amidst
the crashings and explrsions of banks, and the
cries aad lamentations of a deceived and plundered
peoplp. The National Bank was then in the third
year of its age; and, so far from affording a remedy
for the evils, it was itself the mother of the evils,
and notoriously bankrupt, except for the credit
and revenues of the United Slates, which weie
lent and extended to save it. I saw with my own
eyes that a National Bank was no remedy for the
evils of (be baokin  sys'em—that it was itself thg
greatest and most potential author of all these
evils. I saw a vast ruin overspreading the land,
and I had my opinion of its cause, and of its
remedy; but I was a new Senator, an<l a young
man—noma nomo, as the Romans would say of
one who had appeared for the first time in the
public affairs—and I was here a long time before I
could act on this subject, or on any one of general
and national importance. The election of General
Jacks n was the signal gun for the commencement
of operations. With that great man in front to
lead me on—with his great power behind to back
me in the contest—I commenced at once the system
of measures which I had so long meditated and
carefully planned. It was, indeed, a SYSTEM,
and a large one, and of many parts, but all tend-
ing to one object, and to one end.   I commenced
with a map of the whole work before me__with
a financial chart spread out—on which was
placed every object to be attempted, and
every consequence to be deduced. Finance
and commerce were placed together, according to
their natural and indissoluble connection; and each
were considered in relation to the other. The ex-
tinction of the national debt; the termination of the
National Bank; the revival of the gold currency}
ihe iuerewe of the silver cmrency; the suppression,
