120
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
26th Coiís«««1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
Reform of the g ld currency.
"Resolved, That it is the true intent and meaning of the
Constitution of the United States that the Federal currency of the
tinned States shall consist only ol gold and silver coin; and that
there is nothing in the present state and condition of the coun-
try, to justify any supposed plea of necessity for departing from
that plain intent of the Constitution, by issuing, or permit-
ting any corporation to issue, any species of Federal paper
currency whatever.
"Resolved, That the quantity of gold derivable from foreign
commerce, and from the Carolinas, Virginia, Georgia, and
Alabama, and the quantity of silver derivable from foreign
commerce, are amply sufficient to supply the people of the
United States with hard money, if not expelled from the coun-
try by unwise end erroneous laws, made by Cong. ess.
'• Resulted, That the value now set u pon gold and silver coin,
both loreign and domestic, by the laws ot the United States, is
erroneous, and prejudicial to the country, and has (with the aid
of a Federal Bank) occasioned the total expulsion of srold coins,
and the partial expulsion of silver dollars Iroin cnculation; and
that it is the bounden duty of Cong ess to restore these coins to
circulation, by restoring them to their true tal'ie, iclusing to
recharter the Bank of the United States, and I'iscountenancing
and reacting from receivability In paymentofreder.il dues,
all bank paper of less denomination than twenty dolíais
"Resoftsea,That it is the true intent and express meaning of the
Constitution, that foreign gold and silvercoins shall circulate in
the United States as freely as domestic coins; and that to com-
ply with such intent of the Constitution, it is expedient that fo-
leigngold and silver coins, (of the r.nncipal commercial na-
tions ) and of approved fineness, recent coinage, not clipped or
fraudulently reduced in weight, should be authorize! bv law
to pass current in the United States, by count, and not by weight
like the coins issued from our own mint.
"Having read these resolutions, Mr. B. pledged himself to the
American people, in the face of the Senate, to attempt the re-
form of the gold currency, if some more ¿om¡ etent hand did
not anticipate him, the moment Congress was t' ^embarrassed
of the great contest for power and supram,^ between the
peopleof the United States and the Bank of tin  I n'ed States,
which was uow raging so furiously in both Ik i-'-s of Con
It was in the month of January, 1834, *'nat these
resolutions were read in the Señale; in the month
of March following, they were offered; and have
since been followed np by the measures which
were necessary to give them effect, and to lead to
the accomplishment of the great object on which
we are now engaged. The mint was branched,
both to increase the coinage and to serve at New
Orleans and Philadelphia as depositories of the
public money; the gold standard was corrected;
loieign silver was admitted to a legalized circula-
tion; small notes under twenty dollars vere cut
off from the receipts and expenditures of the Fede-
ral Treasury; the Treasury Order was issued,
and remained in force two years. All these mea-
sures, with ten years of discussion—the increase of
onr specie from twenty to ninety millions—two ex-
plosions of the paper system in three years—the
inability of the Bank of the United States
any longer to sustain the Opposition, and to
deceive and d siress the country; all the>e events
have prepared the public mind for the adoption of
the Independent Treasury system; and made it, as
I believe it to be, the most popular political mea-
sure of the times in which we live.
The bill re-establishes an exclusive metallic cur-
rency for the Federal Government; it does no such
thing for the State Government orthepeep'e. It
e^tab'.isresno exclusive metallic currency f< r them;
and all the harangues to that effect—all the affected
alarms abt<ut the fall of prices—the decline in the
value of produce and property—the reduction of
wages—the rum of !ab< r, and to on, are noihing
but a new edition of the old pan.c speeches; and a
ftesh crop of the woful vatictnaions of the United
State? Bank prophets yeais ago.. The Indepen-
dent Treasury bill will have no direct action upon the
currency of the State Governments and the people;
it will only act upon it indirect'y, and incidentally,
and that tojrarpove it by infusing a larger portion
of gold and silver into i .
Tr.e effect of this great measure upon the Go-
vernment and the country, canw t be otherwise
than beceficial.   It will give the Federal Treasury
a hard money currency; and in that will sate it
from the loss and degradation of using depreciated
paper.    It will give it the  keeping of its own mo-
ney; and in that will save it from the lc ss of its re-
venues as often as the banks chance to blow up, or
choose to i hut up, either in conseq lence of their own
misconduct, or in obedience to orders, or an impul-
sion from London. In supplying the Federal Trea-
sury wiih hard money, it also supplies the people
with ii; [or the Government does not eat the mo-
ney it receives, or export, if; but pays it out in re-
tain for services or purchases; and the whole goes
back to the people as fast as it comes from them;
and will not rerjuire as much in a year as the Bank
of thejUnited States ships to England in a few months.
It will keep up the specie standard in the country;
it will keep up a supply of spece; it will enable
the community to obtain the gold and silver
which is indespensable to their safety and pros-
perity.
The Independent Treasury will not require as
much specie to be colleced from the people in a
year, as the Bank of the United States ships to
England in a few month5; with this great difference,
that, what ihe Government collects, is immediately
returned to the people; what the bank ships is lost
to the country forevei! Ntt less than scores of
millions have thus been shipped by this Bank,
counting all it has sent away, both in its original
and in its metamorphosed state. Mr. Clayton's
committee in 1832, showed it had extracted from
the States, chiefly of the South and We<t, up to
that lime, forty-two millions of dollars, and shipped
nearly the whole. No committee has since been per-
mitted to examine the "Great red Harlot," and to
discover the subsequent amount of her exactions and
exfortations; but the custom-house boiks, and the
boas'ings of her parasite*, show them to be immens?;
and they probably exceed, since 1832, the opera'ions
of any given number of years before that time. The
Legislature of South Carolina, at their last session,
made a report upon this point, as it concerned that
State alone, founded upon the testimony of the late
president of the United States Branch Bank in
Charleston. The result was startling, and showed
the abduction of specie from that Sta'e, by this in-
stitution, to have been enormous and ruinous.
Certain it is, the Bank of the United States has
abducted from the Slates, and exported to England,
to be lost to this country forever, not less than sixty
or seventy millions ol dollars, while the Independ-
ent Treasury sysUm cannot take out of circulation
more than four or five millions at a time; and
every shilling cf it to be returned to the people,
from whom it came, through the daily expendi-
tures of the Government. And yet it i? this Bank
and its orators, and paragraphists, who affect
alarm, and are actually trying to ha'ch another lit-
tle panic, on the ground that the Independent Tiea-
sury will deprive the country of its specie ! Oh,
truth! where is thy signet? Oh, shame! where U
thy blush?
If any one asks when it was that I began to la-
bor for the establ'shment of the Independent Trea-
sury, I answer, that I began this labor on the day
in which I bejan my labors to termina e the exis-
tence of the Bank of the United Stile*. Tha  Bank
was in the possession—in the chattered possession
—of the two precise privileges which would con-
stitute the new system; the privilege of pa)ing the
public dues in her o an note1, and the privilege of
ke*pmg the pul lie moneys. Now it is evident
there could be no Independent Treasury until the*e
bank privileges were abolish "d; and to abolish them
the Bank ltfeif must be brought to a close. So long
as there was a National Bank, that bank would
have the kecp ng of the public moneys in its own
vaults, and the payment of the public dues in its
own p?per. It was necessary, therefore, to g?t rid
of that institution herore we e. uld begin to erect
the Independent Treasury. Demolition was to
precede erection; and for seven long years I labored
at the preliminary work. Those who defended
the Bank dur ng that time, fought seven years
against ihe Independent Treasury system; those
who attack'd the Bank fought for the system.
They were antagonist systems, and one mu«t be
got lid of before the other could be adopted. True
the transit was nm direct from one to the other.
There was a half-way house between them! as in-
dispensable to be stopped at, and tarried in awhile,
in going from a National Bank, as in returning to
one. This half way house, as every one under-
stands, was the State bank deposite system. Wa
stopped in it three years—from 1834 to 1837—
when it blew up, and we escaped. Congress
aided to blow it np by the State deposite act of
1837, which called for thirty-six millions of dol-
lars, which we knew th's half-way establish-
ment had lent out, and could not return, in the pre-
scribed time, without ruin to itself or its debtors. It
blew up, and we left it; and the Democratic party
then took the decisive ground of going the whole
distance, and ereciiog the Independent Treasury;
basing it upon the two pillars of KEEPING its
own money, and USING nothing but HARD MO-
NEY. This system had been pre.ented before,
but at periods of time not propitious to its adoption.
A member of the House of Representatives fiom
Virginia, [Gen. Gordon,] presented it in that body
in 1834. It was opposed by the Democratic party,
and if I had been in that body, I should have op-
posed it with them; for, although right in itself, it
was wrong timed, and would have caused a reac-
tion in favor of the Bank of the United States. In
that light it was seen by bo h political parties, and
each acted accordingly. The public mind was not
lipe for the step; the half-way house was still the
lodging place; and it would not do to pass it or
quit it, until its insjfliciency was ascertained. Two
years after, and before this hali-way establishment
had fa led, I made two experiments in the Senate
to see if we could gradually get out of it. Both
these experiments failed—Signally failed—and left
me without hope until that catastrophe should ar-
rive, which I fo'esaw, and stated to be at hand.
The first ot these attempts wa* made on the 6th
day of January, 1836, and took the form of a pro-
posed instruction to raise a select committee on
banks and curiency in the Dktrict of Columbia;
and, amorg other things, to inquire:
"Into the necessity, if any, for banks ol circulation in the Dis
trict of Columbia, in contradistinction to banks of discount and
deposite; also, te inquire how far banks ol any kind are warned
for the uses of the Federal Government in this District; and
whei efore the Treasurer of the United States may not act as
KEEPER and PAYER of the public moneys within the l)is.
trict of Columbia, and drawer of checks or drafts in favor of
those who chose to receive their money elsewhere."
This was a gent e attempt at the experiment of
an Independent Treasury here, at the s at of Go-
vernment, where we have a Treasurer and a Trea-
sury building, and officers enou.h to keep and pay
out our money. It was a gentle attempt to sound
the Senate upon tre subjeci; but it did not get as
far as to sound them. As it was read, its fate was
de'ermincd; and when it was finished being read,
it was laid upon the table upon the motion of an
Opposition Senator, without debate, without yeas
and nays, and without a division.
1 he n°xt attempt was six months later, to wit,
on ihe 13th of June, of the same year; and took
the shape of an amendment to the famous Deposite
act; so as to allow public moneys to be transferred
from the deposite banks to the minis, for the two
fold purpose of supplying metal for coining, and
for safekeeping. On this occas on ihe Senaie was
sounded: its sense in relation to the commencement
of ihe Independent Treasury system was ascer-
tained; and as ihe circumstance is an era in the
history of that *y-tem, I will read what our jour-
nals pie ent in relation to it. I read (rom page
430, of the session 1835-36:
"On motion by Mr Benton to amend the reported amend-
ment by inserting, at the enJ of the twelfth section, the follow-
ing proviso 'Provided, That it may be lawful for the President
of the United States to direct transfers of public money to be
made from time to time to the Mint and branch mints of the
United States, either for supplying metal lor Cuming or for
safe keeping.'
"A division was called for by Mr. Benton; and being
taken on the first division thereof, ending with the word 'coin-
ing,' it was determined in the affirmative—yeas 22, nays 17.
The YEAS were: Messrs. Benton, Black, Brown, Buchanan,
Cuthbert, Ewing ol Illinois, Grundy, Hendricks, King of Ala-
bama, King of Georgia, Knight, ¡Morris, Niles, Page, Rives,
Robinson, Ruggles, Shepley, Tallmadge, Walker, White, and
Wright. The NAYS weie: Messis. Calhoun,Clay, Crittenden,
Ewing of Ohio, Goldsborough, Kent, Leigh, Mangum, Moore,
Naudain, Nicholas, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Robbins, Swiit,
a-.d Webster.
O i the question to agree to the residue of the pur-
posed amendment, viz: 'or for safe keeping,' it was de-
termined in the negative—yeas 13, nays 28. On motion by
Mr. Grundy, the yeas and nays being demanded by one-fifth of
the Senators present, those who voted in the affirmative are,
Messrs. Benton, Brown, Ewing of Illinois, Grundy, McKean,
Morris, Nicholas, Niles, Page, Robinson, Rugzles, Walker,
and White Those who voted in the negative" are: Messrs.
Black, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Davis,
Ewing of Ohio, Goldsborough, Hendricks, King of Alabama,
King of Georgia, Knight, Leigh, Mangum, Moore, Naudain,
Porter, Prentiss, Pieston, Rives, Robbins, Shepley, Swift,
Tallmadge, Tomlinson, Webster, and Wright."
Thus ended the second attempt to b<-gin the
great work of establishing an Independent Treasu-
ry for the Federal Government. It ended dis-
couragingly enough. No more than 13 Senators
voted for including the mints in the list of the pub-
lic depositories: but I was not* discouraged, and
looked ahead for the forthcoming of an argument
which would convince the nation,   That I was np|
