r
Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ias
26th CoNg....lsT Sess.
State Debts—Mr. Clay of Ala.
Senate.
amendment, and it wa  carried—ayes 33, noes 6,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Belts, Brown,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Clay of
Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Davis, Fulton,
Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Merrick, Mouton,
Norvell, Phelp.*, Pierce, Prentiss, Preston, Roane,
Robinson, Ruggles Sevier, Smith of Connect cut,
Stranje, Tappan, Walker, White, and Wright—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Dixon, Henderson, Nicholas,
Smith of Indiana, Williams, and Young—6
Mr. WALKER then moved to strike cut that
poriion of the bill which provi-led for the use of the
vaults of banks by officers of the Government.
He was opposed to acknowledging that, in any
contingency, was the use of thfse corporations ne-
cessary for the purposes of the Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
And the Senate adjourned.
SPEECH OF MR CLAY,
OF ALABAMA.
In Senate, Monday, February J,   1840—Opr Mr.
Grundy's report in relation to th| assumption of
the debts of the States by the ffiderajfGovern-
meat.                                       <•   jf
Mr. CLAY rose and said:'        j  f
Mr. Psesidknt: this debate *pgfe*s to me to be
singular and extraordinary, mjjjveral points of
vew.   It seems tome ill-timed ^nd unprec;dented
in the present stage of the business.   It will be
borne in miod that ceitain resolutions, involving
various principles and propositions, were intro-
duced at an early period of the session by an ho-
norable member, [Mr. Benton,] and, after lying
on our table some time, were taken up, and some-
what discussed.    We were favored  by the hono-
rable mover himself, with a full and able exposi-
tion of his views and purposes; and, almost without
o jection to the propr.ety or expediency of the course
proposed, on motion of the Senator from Tennessee,
[Mr. Grundy,] the whole subject was referred to a
select committee,  to consist   of seven members.
That committee took the resolut'oas under csnsi-
deration, and, after ample time for that del bera-
tion which their importance demanded, they had,
torough their chairman, [Mr. Grundy,] submitted
an able report.   But no sooner had the report
been made—before there had been time to under-
stand its contents—without suffering it to be print-
ed—which Mr. C. believed had heretofore been the
universal practice,before any attempt at discussion—
objections had been raicea, rather to the reasoning,
than to the conclusions, of the committee;  and
an argument on   all the important matters sup-
posed to be involved, thus forced upon us.  Mr. C.
losisted that a di cussion of such grave questions of
constitutional law, and of policy and expediency,
affecting the interest and welfare of the nation, at
the present time, and under such circumstances,
was altogether premature.   He sa:d it was unjust
and illiberal toward the committee thus to enier
upon  the   merits of their report before it was
printed, and before it could possibly be read and
understood  by  those who were called upon to
award judgment upon the matters it contained.
Mr. C. said it was even unfair toward the other
members of this honorable bcdy, to call for their
votes upon the report without an opportunity for
investigation.    One objection, which  had .been
urged with great apparent earnestness, was,   to
Mr. C's mind, most singular indeed; that was, in
effect, thai the subject-matter of the report was not
properly before us—that it was, as the lawyers
express it, entirely coram, turn jvdice.   Now, (said
Mr. C.) if we ate tobebonnd by technical rules, it is
altogether too late to .take such an objection: a plea
to the jurisdict'on ought to be filed before pleading
to the merits, and before an imparlance, it he cor-
rectly remembered the doctrine.   The prjper time
to have made it was when the resolutions were
offered; those opposed to them on the ground stated,
should then have objected to receiving them, or, as
soon  as they were read,  have moved, without
further action, to lay them on the table definitively.
So far from this having been done, the reference is
made and acquiesced in on all sides.   Moreover,
(Mr. C said,) ihe course pursued on this occasion
was destitute of that courtesy which usually distin-
guished this body, both toward the chairman ar.d
the other members of the committee. After
propositions had been regularly submitted, anl
clearly entertained by the Senate, and re-
ferred to a committee, d d it not become their
imperative duly to investigate and report upon
them? Aio^t unquestionably it d.d. Then, how
unjus ifiable, in any member of the Senate, to
charge the cnmmitlee with having travelled out of
line of the ir duty, and assumed unwarrantable pow-
ers,when they have only dore what we commanded
tiiemtodo! Why, sir, gentlemen have chugtd
the committee, in terms not very respectful, to siy
the least, with "impeit nent intermeddling with
the affairs of the States"—and it has been con-
temptuously demanded of my venerable fr end from
Tennessoe.the honorable chairman, [Mr.GsuNDy,]
"Who authorized you to ioquire into the indebted-
ness of the State?" "Under what authority did
you examine into the character and objects of
State stocks ?" The honorab'e chairman re-
sponded very happily, and with great promptitude.
He spoke truly when he said, "You author.zed m?,
the resolution of the Senate required me, to make
the investigation alluded to." Sir, (said Mr. C.)
what sort of justice or magnanimity would there
be in tho^e who possessed and exercised the power
to command an a°ent to perform a given duty;
and who, wtun the duty had been truly and faith-
fully performed, would turn upon him, and insult-
ingly demand, " By what authority have you done
ibis ihing?" Why, sir, would it not be downright
mockery? Is such treatment the just reward of
obedience and fidelity?
But, sir, (said Mr. C ) I have had some refi>c-
tiens upon the character of tMs debate, in another
point t>t' view.    The gentlemen who have res s ed
printing this report assume  to be conservators of
the rights and dignity of t>e States, which, they
allege, are infringed by its mat er and argument.
Why, sir, really if the friends of State rights—
more especially as the y are understood in the quar-
ter of the Union  whence I come—know thedra-
watts personas, as I do, they must smile (I' will not
say incredulously) at this  new  recruit of friends.
Who are tbrse new State R ghts champion',   who
now manifest so much sensibility lest the rights of
the States be touched or impugned?    Tho^e who
have manifested the most zeal and excitement on
this occasion, are the two Senators from Kentucky,
[Mr.  Crittenden and Mr. Clay,]   the Senator
from Massachusitts, [Mr Web ter,] and the Sena-
tor from New Jersey [Mr. Southard! !j Why, sir,
when we hear those gentleman declaim fo eloquent-
ly of State rights, and see them so extremely sensi-
tive on the subject, is it not enoush to excite "our
special wonder?"   When did they become converts
ft  this doctr ne?     Always, heretofore,  they have
baca  regarded, a? I  thought, in favor of the  very
broadest constructions of the Federal  Constitution
—whereas the frends of  State  rights   are well
known to favor ihe most strict construction.   It
must be generally known, that all the gentlemen
alluded to have heretofore advocated the power of
the General Government to carry on a system  of
internal improvements within  Ihe States, to create
a protective tariff, to es'ablish a National Bank; and
one of them, at least, [Mr. Webster,] if I mistake
not, holds it to be not only a legitima1 e power, but
even the duty of this Government to create and fur-
nish a paper currency. How mnch astonished, and,
perhaps, gratified, then, must be the friends of
State rights, to witness this new and powerful ac-
cession io their ranks—to see gentiemen, who have
heretofore always indicated, by their acs and ex-
pre«sions of sentiment, such fa'th in the potent
influence of Ihe terms "general welfare," now sud-
denly espousing their cause wiih such warm en-
thusiasm. But, sir, said Mr. C. to treat this branch
of the subject more serious'y> I think the intense
feeling manifested by our opponents, on this ocaa-
síod, may be very rationally accounted for; the
able report under consideration may be regarded as
the sword of truth, which must cleave asunder and
cat  down   error,    whithersoever   it   is   sent—
Má  wounded pig«ons may be always known by
tfceiMtetterings"— hence all this show of extatordi-
náry excitement in the quarter referred to.
Sir, said Mr. C. I think it may be easily demon-
strated that the whole argument on the other side,
and a'l the objections urged against this report, are
predicated on assumptions of facf, wholly un-
founded. Why, sir, it is, in substance, assumed
that none of the propositions discussed in the report
a'e properly before the Senate; ihat the committee
had no right to take cognizance of the malters em-
brace! by it; and it has been asked, in a tone of
triumph, that ought only to result from a conviction
of the truth, "how came ihe subject here?" "Has
any State proposed any ih n? like an assumption of
her debts by the General Government?" Sir, said
Mr. C. we shall presently see. I propose to set the
facts, so far as I have been able to collect them,
before the Senate, and before the country. And,
in the first place, I beg leave to recall your atten-
tion to ionie of the resolut.ons brought in by the
honorable Senator from Missouri, and upon which
the report is grounded.
[Mr. C. here read the firU two resolutions of Mr.
Benton, as follow?:]
"Resolved, That there is nothing m the Constitution of the
United States which can authorize the legislative power of the
«Imon Io assume the debts of the Slates whu h have been con
tractetl for local objects and State purposes.
"2 That the assumption of such debts either openly, by a
direct promise to pay them, or disguisedly by going security for
their payment, or by creating surplus revenue or applying the
national funds to pay them, would be a gross and flagrant vio-
lation of the Constitution, wholly unwarranted by the letter or
spintol that instrument, and utterly repugnant to all the objects
and purposes for which the Federal Union was formed."
Sir, said Mr. C. I will not detain the Senate by
reading the remaining resolutions; they but ampli-
fy and enforce the principles distinctly laid down in
those already brought to your view. The first re-
solution marches directly up to the question of
constitutional power in this Government to assume
the debs ot the States, which have been contracted
for local objects and State purposes; and plainly
and emphatically denies the existence of any such
power. To meet the same question, if presented
n the more insidious and dangerous form of indi-
rect assumption, the f econd resolution denies the
constitutional power of this Government to assume
such debts of the States "either openly, by a direct
promise to pay them, or difguisedly by going se-
curity for their payment, or by creating surplus
revenue or applying the national funds to pay
them;" and affirms that 6uch a proceeding, in any
of those forms, "would be a gross and flagrant vio-
lation of the Constitution." The remainder of
the resol at ons go on to specify the various inju-
rious, corrupting, dangerous, and ruinous tenden-
cies of the policy referred to; and intended to be
met and counteracted by the action of the Senate.
As before intimated, these resolutions were, at
an early day of the session, introduced, printed,
and laid upon our table. Ample time
was given for examination and reflection.
They were taken up and debated by the mover,
and some others. Did any one then protest against
the power or expediency of acting upon them? No,
sir; on the contrary, ih* gentleman themselves ac-
quiesced m this course, at least by thcr silence.
Ñor, during all this time, was it pretended that the
subject was not properly before us, or that we
weie intermeddling in matleis that did not pertain
to our business. The resolutions were take* Up;-
after a full explanation of their intended bearing,
and of ihe objects and inducements with which
they had been brought forward; and, upon the mo-
tion of the honorable Senator from Tennessee, they
were referred to a select committee of more than
the usual number of members, for more careful
and deliberate examination. Now, under all
these circumstances, is it not most extraordinary,
that gentlemen should insist, to vehemently, Ihat
the subject is not legitimately before us, and that
the committee have acted unwarrantably in making
their repor 1 Your first command your servants to
perform a duty, and, when they have done so, cen-
sure them /or their obedience. Sir, said Mr. € •
this view of the subject is altogether an «itor-
thought. The principles it sets for* aait'*M -
tains, with so much power and ability  dtt* ot sf«
the tas'e, and do not correspond'Wid*.*" J°"„
policy of those who have a£*W*# * th,su*h "°°f
sual virulence, and poured f#^h ™?%L?i
indignation against it's •££¿£'2? obiííons
have heard BOMof the cwapton^ and objecttons
