128__________________APPENDIX TOTHE CONGRB8SIONALQLOBE._________________Jan. 1840.
26th Cono«--1st Sbss.                                          State Debts—Mr. Clay of Ma.______________________________________Senate.
r«t of four percent, par annum, and let this be apportioned
anions «he State , on the principle ol Mr Clay's Land bill-
that is, pro rata, according to the number of their Senators
and Representative  in Congress—and let the proceeds from
the sales of public lands be set aside and sacredly pledged as a
«inking fund tor the redemption of this stock. Let the Seen
tary of the Treasury, or some other suitable person, be ap-
pointed t« exchange so much of this stock as may be the por-
tion el any Statt lor the stock ot such Statu now issued;
and after a certain period—say six months—pay over the
balance to the respective States Most probably the hold-
ers ol some State stocks would not be willn.g to nuke such ex-
changes, and, if so, the State would receive us enure poition,
aid lrom the interest annually received on the United Stales
stock, ami sales of it from time to tune, as their necessities re
quired, be in a situation to progress at once with all its public
work , whether common ed or only m embryo United Slated
stocfcwould then immediately fill tie space at present occupied
by about two hundred milhonsol St.ite slock; the remaining one
hundred millions would be deposited in the Sute iiea uiies, and
would only be offered lor sale as their public works or oilier uc
cessities required, and which the capitalists of Europe and
America would gladly purchase at a premium "
In illustration of this great scheme, the Courier goes at length
into its popularity, economy, and means ol escape fiom direct
taxation which the several Sta'.es must submit to if the present
system continue. With every view taken on these points we
cordially concur. It w the only and efficient system ot relief
for the financial troubles of the ag . A n>-w N.monal Bank is
as frailas a fair one of the third uer. We have been the coup
dt grace given to the rotten lair one m Philadelphia. Free
bdoks are equally worthless and numerous. SaUty Fund
can hardly cover their nakedness There is no place no
scheme, nothing short of a miracle from Heaven, can save the
greatcredit system, except it be the plan now proposed.
Now, Mr. President, said Mr. C. it will be per-
ceived from this article, that the editor of the
Courier and Enquirer, estimates the present
amount of Stale stocks at "about two hundred
miltiocs"of dollars—so far as I know, wuhout
any complaint of extravagance, or over-estimate,
ei her by editors or politicians of bis party, though
il was considered very censurable in the select
committee who submitted this report, to make pre-
cisely the same estimate; and, by way of satisfy-
i g the non-indebted, as well as the indebted States,
he propose* that the Government of the United
States shall create stock to the amount of "three
hundred millions" of dollars! This stock is lo be
"apportioned among the States on the principle of
Mr. Clay's (Distribution) Land bill; that is, pro
nta according to the number of their Senators and
Representatives in Congress, and let the proceeds
from the sales of the public lands be set aside,
(that is, abstracted from the receipts into the Trea-
sury,) and sacredly pledged as a sinking fund for
the redemption of this stock." Mark the perfect
coincidence, the identity of principle, between this
plan and that so long heretofore uiged upon Con-
gress, for the distribution of the proceeds of the
public lands. The only essential difference is, that,
under the late plan, the Government is to issue
srock, or give its bonds besides giving a mortage
upon the public lands. The edit r of the Herald
famishes proof of the authorship of this Fcheme,
«hicH is worthy of consideration. Speaking upon
that subject in November las>, he says:
"Tb;a plan is so far matured by the leaders of the Whig
party, as to be officially promulgated in the Courier and En-
quirer of yesterday morning "
He also adds:
"With every view taken on these points we cordially concur.
It w the only and efficient system of relief for the financial
troubles of the age."
The New York Commercial Advertiser, another
leading Whig paper, on the 22d of November last,
in publishing the same circular of Baring, Brother*,
and Co. expresses its [views in the following lan-
guage:
Thereis a^ugsestion in the preceding extraet, upon which
we hare been pondering for weeks, and which deserves the
profound consideration of the American people, of the State Go-
vernments and of the National    We refer to the proposition
for a  pledge of a national faith to sustain the credit of the
State*; or, in other words, an assumption of the State stocks
now oppiesswg both the European and American markets, by
the United States, and the issue of a national stock m lieu
thereof.   The suggestion, we doubt not, will Btarile many a
reader; but we cannot help that.   The subject is ene of very
great aud very grave importance, and the position of many
States of this Onion is such that we cannot shut our eyes to their
condition if we would.   Nar indeed should we.   The States of
this Unionare bound together by no common ties.   They are
all one family—it is a great and a rich family—and what, though
several of its members have, imprudently, certainly, and  per-
haps rashly, involved themselves  in  pecuniary difficulties,
from which, singlehanded, they cannot well recover—shall the
other members ofthe family allow them to sink—to be crushed
—and their credit destroyed— or rather, like a wealthy parent,
able to protect the credit of his whole family, shall not the  Na-
tional Government interpose, and by some equitable arrange-
ment with the embarrassed States a^ume their liabilities, and
Ihua afford timely relief to them, and at the same time, to the
whole country?"
Sir, (said Mr. C.) I might go on with extracts
from other Whig papéis, exhibiting wonderful har-
mony of sentiment upon this tuhject, hut it is un-
necessary. I will only add, that the Evening Star,
the New York American, ihe Journal of Com-
merce—indeed, so tar as I have noticed, the whole
Whig press of New York, approved the plan of
assumption. Nor, sir, were these views confined
to the Whig press in ibe great commeictal empo-
rium—they were  echoed west of the Al'eghany.
I    To prove this, I will only call your attention to a
brief extract from the Cincinnati Gazette, one of
the ablest Whig papers in ihat region. Speaking
of the embarras>menls cf the States and the adop-
tion of this remedy, the editor remarks:
" Hut it will be objected the Federal Government has no consti-
tutional rights to assume the debts ot the State ; and farthei,
that it cannot be done wilhoutcreating another national debt.
We grant that the letter of the Constitution con'ers no such
power, unless it is to be found in the "grneia teelfar""
clause, and that clause was rendered inoperative by the succes-
sive vetoes and usuipations of President Jackson.    But there is
i yet a method by which theconslitutionaWlifticulty can be ob-
viated, and the cieditof the States sustained, by means which
¡ are already justlv and truly their own. Had not Mr Clay's
bill f r the distribution of the proceeds ol the public lands
(passed by a tnumphant majority of both Houses of Congress)
II   been defeated—not by a veto,'or that would not have arrested
its passage, since a majority of both Houses weu> awaiting such
a message to vote it do m-but by an infamous act of the Pre
sident, who thrust the bill into his | ocket, and I urtively carried
it away from the Capitol—every State in the Union would have
already been in the possession of ample mean-*, not only of sus-
taining their credit as to existing obligations, but of completing
their woiks.
"Now, then, let the great legislator of the West renew the
land bill, with the necessaiy modifica'ians, dividing the pro-
ceeds ol the public lands anions the several States, conditioned
that tho e proceeds shall be applied to the payment of the debts
ol the debtor States respectnely Le' the Federal Government
issue a national stock, bearing, say, four per cent, interest, in
exchange lor the State stocks—the holders of which would
gladly enough make the exchange—and let the ptoceeds of the
public lands beatirihuted to the redemption of ihe said stock.
The fund is ample for the ultimate redemption of every dollar
— a large saving annually would be realized—every State in the
Union would be enriched, and the honor of the country re-
deemed.
'•As to the other objection, the creatina of a new public debt, it
has no terrors for us. But we reseive the discussion for ano-
ther day "
Here we find the questions of constitutionality,
andihe cieation of another public debt, alluded to—
but neither the one nor Ihe other is regarded as
any ^erious obstacle. The editor surrenders the
constitutionality of the power "unless it is tobe
found in the "general welfare clause"—but he ima-
gines that difficulty can be easily obviated by the
bill for the distribution ofthe proceeds of the public
lands. Upon that question, it is unnecessary to re-
peat what I have already said. And, as to the
creation of a new national debt, it has no terrors
for a Wh g politician.
Nor, sir, said Mr. C. has the leading organ of
the Opposition in this city been silenl upon this sub-
ject. I allude to the National Intelligencer, in
whose columns a cjmmunicat on was published,
at le^st wit*i the stlent acquiescence of its editors,
as long ago as ihe 28th of Oc'ober last, proposing
ihat ti e proceeds of the public lands should be set
apart for the redemption of State debts. And
again, wilhm the lsst few days, they transferred a
communication which had been published in the
Pennsylvania Inquirer, to their own column?, in
which, amongst tther things, the writer says:
'•I think, therefore, as a matter of sheer justice, that the United
States should pass a law to relieve the States. The late distri-
bution act was an apportioning of the moneys resulting from the
sale or the public lands; and all that is required now is, that a
portion equal to the Slate debts should be set apart as a sinking
fund. The lands need not be sold on the instant. They will be
reserved for a convenient season. By this arrangement, the old
States will start fan-, unencumbered, and tree lrom an onerous
burden of taxation; and the gentlemen who have this subject in
their hands for adjustment, will find, if they do not accede to this
proposition, that they will be swept from the stations they now
occupy. I confess I should want no better lever to upset them
in oppressed and encumbered Pennsylvania, than a vote against
the payment of her debt out ofthe public lands, that m part be-
long to her, and which her costly improvements have increased
in value equal to the amount ot her debt "
In the close of his letter, tne writer repeats em-
phatically:
"Tht people trill pay their State debts out of the public
lands Let this Congress look to it, or they will not find their
seats in the next Congress."
To these views the National Intelligencer gave
it* sanction, in the following introductory para-
graph:
"In the argument of the subjoined article, which we met with
in reading over our mail papers yesterday, it must be admitted
by every body that there are strong points, if it be not conclu-
sive, m favor of such a distribution ot the public lands, or the
proceeds of the saleofihem, as shall ensure to each State its
just proportion ofthe benefits accruing from a property which,
sinpe the redemption ofthe debt for the payment whereof it
was pledged, must be considered as a trust held by the United
States for the common benefit of all the States.  We understand
tho writer, of course, to contemplate such a distribution as shall
secure to each State its due proportion ofthe proceeds, without
any consideration ot its being in debt or out of debt, for us ex-
penditures on roadsand can ds, public schools, or analogous ob-
jects. Each State will ol course be at liberty to employ its par-
ncular share in whatevcrmannerit pleases.''
Now, sir, said Mr. C. after this hasty review of
Ihe emanalions of the Opposition press, wiihoutone
I jar of discord; when we see it wa* distinctly an-
! nourced by high authority, and wuhout contradic-
| tion   from   any   quarter,   that  "the   plan" hid
t been "so far matured" by  the leaders   of  ihe
i   Whi? party, as to be officially promulgated in
i the   Cuurier and   Enquirer;" when  it has birn
I declared,   in   the   article   just quoted  from   Ihe
Intelligencer,    to     be   a   powerful   electioneer-
ing theme—"a   lever to upset" the Democratic
i   party   in   one of   the   largest   States   of    this
Union, i< it not astonishing that gentlemen will ri^e
here, and contend with  such apparent earnestness,
ihat we,  a branch  of the National Legislature,
which their friends allege  is not only compeient,
but bound, io carry the proposed policy into effect,
have nothing to do with 1?
Sir, said Mr, C. let us no longer hear that this is
not a proper subject for inquiry and consideration
by Congress, when a poweiful parly are maturing
and organizing their plans to involve us in a new
national debt of three hundred millions of dollars'.
"Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." When
we fee a conspiracy funning to plunge us into a
debt of this amount, wiih all its attendant evils,
are we to sit by with folded arms and sealed lips?
On the contrary, it should arouse us lo action and
|' energy. It behooves us, under such circumstance",
to be up and doing, and, in the lanjuage of my
friend from Teanessee, not to be too much afraid
of danger ei h r to understand or meet it. When
i an insidious enemy is about lo make war against
me, I prefer to be first in taking the field, and not
to sleep upon my post until, by a stolen march, I
am surprised and captured. As faithful sentinels,
it is our duty to sound the alarm at the first ap-
proach of the enemy. It is our business to meet,
and defeat, if we can, this attempt to violate the
Constitution, and to warn our constituents of a
conspiracy to fir upon them another enormous
national debt
But the gentlemen on the other side are extreme-
ly semi tive on the subject of State credit. The
i Senator from New Jersoy seems to have a peculiar
sensibility on this subject, lest the value of Siate
i stocks should be depreciated. He contends that
this report is calculated not only to dfgrade the
Slates, but to impair their credit. Now, said Mr.
C. in my humble opinion, Mr. President, ihis ap-
prehension is wholly founded in error. If I under-
stand the doctrines of the report, you will not find
any thing in it which may either conflict with the
ability or good faiih of the States. It does not in-
crease the amount of their debts, nor does it at-
tempt to raise a doubt of their solvency. So far
from impeaching their ability or readiness to meet
their engagements, I understand it to maintain the
very converse ofthe proposition. It professes to
discucs the question of constitutional power, and
the qae-t on of expediency, involved in the propo-
sition to assume the debts of ihe States. Suppose
we determine it 10 be both unconstitutional and
inexpedient—as I tiust we shall—does ihat imply
J a want of confidence on our part that the States
are both honest and able enough to meet their own
liabilities If I do not think proper to pay the debt
ef my friend, does that prove that I consider him
either insolvent or dishonorable? Sir, I should be
sorry to entertain such an opinion; and I trust
none of the Slates which have issued stocks, are in
a condition so very pitiable as the argument to
which I am replying would presuppose.
Mr. C. said this subject might be viewed in ano-
ther aspect, which might account for the extraor-
dinary sensibility which had been manifested.
These stocks were owned, he believed, principally
by certain large corporations in this country, and
by foreign capitalists. If he was not mistaken, an
agent ot the largest institution amongst us was now
in Euiope for the purpose of selling these bonds lo
s-ave it from bankruptcy. If the General Govern-
ment were to assume their payment, or if the idea
could be created that such a measure was likely t«
succeed, those stocks would sell promptly, and pro-
