130
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
:6th Cong-"'1st Sf.ss
Independent Treasury—Mr. Buclanan.
Senate,
ways done. In the first place he must sel ct a de-
positary with whom there is an amount of money
sufficient to meet the draft; and among snch dtp >-
aitanes he must, unless the public interest forbids,
draw «pon ihat one where it will be most conveni-
ent for the public creditor to receive h¡s money.
Why, sir, thii clause, so terrific to the imagination
of the gent'eman, might be stricken from the bill
altogether, without producing the sli?h'est incon-
venience. The p'actice which it prescribes, is that
which must necessarily be pursued in paying ths
debts of the Government And yet th s simple
and necessary power is the only part of the bill on
which the Senator relies to establish his great
Treasmy Bank !
But I said that this bill contained an important
limitation which had ne\er heretofore exis'el.
This was in'rodnced at the special sesáan of 1837,
upon my own suggestion. It was then appre-
hended that the holders of these Treasury warrants
mi.ht not present them for piyment wuh.n a rea-
sonibls time; and that a large amount t f them
might reman outstmding, and te used a* bills of
exchange. As these outstanding drafts would ne-
cessarily represent an equal amount of go'd and sil-
ver in the hands of ihe depositaries, it was appre-
hended that.unless they were speed Jy presen'ed for
payment, a mass of them m'ght continue floating
in the community, and thus produce an accumula-
tion of specie in the h^nds of th3 depusitanes
which might prove injurious to the banks. To
prevent this evil—to ¡ender the draft upon the
banks for specie as light as possible—and to cause
the gold and silver to flow out of the Treasury into
gencal circulation, as rapidly as it had flowed into
r, ihis amendment was adopted. It now consti-
tutes the 23d section of the bill, and is as follows:
"3sc23. And be itfurlh'r enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to issue and publish re-
gulations to enforce thespe dy preservation ol all Government
drafts for payment at the place where payable, and to prescribe
the time, according to the different distances ol the deposita-
ries from the «eat of Government, within which alt drafts upan
them, respectively, shall be presented for payment; and, in de-
fau'tot such presentation, to direct any other mode and place
of payment which he may deem proper, üm m all those re-
gulations and directions, it shall be the duty of the Secretary of
the Treasmy to guard, as far as may be, against those drafts
being used, or thrown into circulation, as a paper currency or
medium of exchange."
One might have supposed, from  the extreme
horror of the gentleman lest this bill might contain
a Treasury Bink, that he would have  teen de-
lighted with the previsions of this section.   Not so.
On the contrary, he has declared, in the most solemn
manner, that it confers a tremendous power on the
Secretary of the Treasury, to which no people, jea-
lous of their liberties, ooght to submit.   The Sena-
tor is bard to please.   He first denounce?, in the
strongest terms, the tenth section of the bill, be-
cause the Treasury drafts issued under its authori-
ty will, in his opnion, become the circuiting me-
dium ef his Treasury Bank; and almost at the very
next breath, he denounces, in terms equally srrong,
the very section which renders it impossible th it
they ever can become such a circulating medium.
And what is this tremendous power vested in tne
Secretary of the Treasury by the 23d sectLn?   In-
dependently of postmasters, there are perhaps a hun-
dred and fifty receivers of public money in the United
States.   These ate scatlersd from Maine to Geor-
gia, and front the Atlantic to the far West.   Some
of them are at the distance of fifty miles, and o'hers
are a thousand miles from Washington.   From
the nature and necessity of the case, the discretion-
ary power is conferred upon the Secretary to regu-
late "the speedy presentation" of these drafts, ac-
cording te the different distance  of the deposita-
ries from the seat oí Government; but even this is
to be done in such a manner as to prevent them
from being thrown into circulation as a paper cur-
rency or medium of exchange.   And yet this is the
tremendous .power so much to be dreaded!   No
other provision could have been made.   It wonld
have   been   a   work  of  endless   and  unneces-
sary labor to have attempted to enumerate each of
the depositaries in the bill, and ta have prescribed
the time within which drafts on each of theta should
be presented for rayment.   This is a mere matter
of detail which must be yielded to the discretion
pf ihe Secretary.
And now what, in p'ain English, is this Govern-
ment Bank? It is no other than the power which
has always been exercised by the Treasurer of the
United States, to pay the public creditors, and to
advance money to the disbursing officers by means
ofdrafis on the public deposttarie-; with a new
restriction, however, imposed upon the holders of
th°se draf's, requiring their speedy presentation,
for the express purpose of preventing the possibility
of their ever becoming a rirculating medium.
Any man who can distinguish between a hawk
and a handsaw, can discriminate between this
simple provision and a great Government Treasury
Bank.
The Senator, ferling that he has no foundation
on which to erect his Treasury Bank in the bill, as
it is, has taxed his fancy—a never failing le-
source—to alarm our fears as to what it will be-
come hereatter. He leaves the present far behind,
and looks forward to the future. He predicts that
in less than thtee years necessity will compel us to
change the Independent Treasury into a bank of
issne. Having given his fancy the re;ns, he tel s
us how this will be performed. The Secretary of
the Treasury, instead of givmg single drafts on the
depositaries for the amount due to public creditors,
and the sums to be advanced to disbursing offi-
cer , is to have drafts prepared upon bar.k paper,
in the likeness of bank notes, of the denomination
of twenty, of fifty, and of a hundred do lars. These
draf s he is to pay out like bank paper. The
res'ricfion is to be repealed requiring their speedy
presentation to the depos taries. They are to be-
come the general circulating medium of the coun-
try. In less than ten years the leceivers-general
are to have between forty and fifty millions of gold
and silver in their vaults, to be represented by the
same amount of Treasury drafts in circulation,
and in the possession oí the banks. The Govern-
ment then calculating that the dessand upon these
depositaras wi'l boi require them to keep this
amount of specie on hand, will draw it out clan-
destinely for their own purposes, ts was formerly
done from the bank of Amsterdam; and that some
fature President will, by means.of this stolen money,
subvert the Governmeat, and destroy the liberties
of the people.
Now, sir, is not this the mrest fancy picture
that was ever sketched? It is a'l the offspring of ihe
Sena'or's own prolific imagination. It is alt pro-
phecy, and no fact. Even by h s own showing,
there is no foundation for it in the bill. On the
contrary, every precaution has been used to pre-
vent the possibility of any such occurrences.
And what reason has he to predict that the
friends of this measure will change all their princi-
ples and purposes in less than three years, and by
new hgtilation convert the Independent Treasury
into a Government Bank? Has not every Senator
perceived the holy horror with which my friend
from Missouri [Mr. Benton] was inspired at the
bire idea that the Government mig'jt ever issue
"notes, bills, or paper," receivable in payment of
the public dues? H s-lynx-eyed jea'ousy seized hold
of ihcS2 general expression--, in the l!)th and 20\h
sections of the bill, and although there was nothing
on the face of the earth on which these words could
operate, unless possibly on some straggling Trea-
sury n< te which might remain unredeemed long
after it became payable, yet he had them stricken
from the bill. "He snuffed the tainted breeze"
from afar; and although there wa^ no present dan-
ger, yet he saw a possibi ity that these words might
have a meaning hereafter; and that in future years
the Government nrght be willing to issue "notes,
bill , or paper," and therefore we all united with
htm in voting for his amendment. This was, in
the phrase of the lawyers, the exclusion of any con-
clusion which might by possibility be drawn from
these general words in favor of Government paper.
Bot again: did not the Senator from Kentucky
perceive with what a'acrity the friends of the bill
supported the amendment of his colleagu*, [Mr.
CatTTENMM,] imposing it upon the Secretary of
the Treasury as a solemn duty, to take care, in
his regulations for the speedy presentation of Go-
vernment draft* to the depositaries, that these
drafts, as far as may be, shall never be used as a
paper currency or medium tf exchange!
Suppose it were possible that the Secretary of
the Treasaiy, without au'honty, and in the very
facs of the trovistonsof this bill, and the know 
and avowed opinion of its friends, should, as the
Senator supposes he m gh>, circulate these Govern-
ment drafts in tl-e form of baak paper, and of the
denom nation of twenty, fifty, and a hundred dol-
lars; what da you think would be the consequence?
He would instantly be dtpiivedof his office tor this
daring vio'ation of law, and would be justly held
up to public execration. In jusuce to that officer,
I ought to say that I am n>t one of those who con-
sider it pis-ible that he could ever dream ot pur-
suing sJch a couise, without the express authority
of Congress: and 1 may venture to predict, with
unerring certainty, that such zn auth'rity tttill
never be conferred upon h,m by the present party
in p^-wer. But even if he should thus v.olate his
duty; whilst the 23d section of this bill shall remain
in force, these dr^fis never could become a generil
circulating medium: and, therefore, there could
never be, as the Senator supposes, an accumulation
of firty-five or fify million's of dol lars in the bands
of the dep isitar ei. But even if this m:racle should
be accompl shed, and a future President shoull at-
tempt to embezzle this money, for the purpose of
subverting the Government, theie would still be
otie most unpleasant obstacle in his way. He
would then, under the provisions of this till, be
gutl'y of felony, and would be transferred from the
Whi e House tot ie penitentiary. The truth is that
'•the-e hydras, gorgons, and ch meras d re," exist
only in the Senator's imagination.
The Senator, in a triura | ham tone, exclaimed that,
by the passage of the bil1, the union of the purse
with the sword will be consummated in the hands
of the President. Tnts, if true, would indeed be
fearful. It would ¿be the death knell of civil li-
berty in this country. Wheresoever the power
over the puisc and the sword is united in the hands
of one man, there the Government is despotic. If
any Exeeuive Magistrat , be he King, or be he
President, possess the sole power to declare war, to
ra se armies, to imp.we taxes, and to ex¡ end the
pnblic money at his pleasure, th^re must be an et.d
of civil liberty in that country. Tnis, and this alone,
is what I unders'and to be a union of the sword
and the purse. But underour Constitution and laws,
the President neither hay, nor ever can have, the
power over either. Can he declare wai? No, sir;
the Constitution expréss'y confers this power upon
Congress. Can he enJist soldiers? No, s r; he
could not raise a single company to go to Flori a,
tecau e Congress alone have the power to raise
and support armies. Can he impose taxes upon
the people, or borrow money? No, str; Congress
is exclusively vested with the power of laying taxes
and borrowing money. But after this money shall
have reached the Tieasury, can he apply a dodar
of it to any u-e, public or private? No, sir; no
rroney csn be drawn fiom the Treasury, but in
consequence ol appro; nations made by Congress.
Nay, more; if the Pr. s.dent were so far to forget
the duties of his high ¡•tat on, as to enter into a col-
lusion wih any.of the deposi'srits, and draw one
dollar of public money out of their possession, he
would, like any other cit zen, subject himself to
uae and imprisonment. And th'S is the union of
the purse and the sword, which the Senator has so
feelingly described! Th s phrass,. I thought, had
had its day, and had pas ed into oblivion; but the
Senator has agais coejured up the spectre, for the
purpose of alarming our fears.
Tne Senator tell-, us that he has been warring in
viin for the last seven years, against the exteEsim
of Executive power aMd influence. Now, sir, if
he had informed us that he hai been warring
against the Executive, but in favor of an increase
of Executive power and influence, in my hnmb'e
opinion he .would have come much nearer the
mark. It i*, perhaps, the  trangeU spectac e which
has ever been presented on the fac« of the eart*i,
that in this war between the Executive and the Se-
nator's pol.t cal party, he has been endeavoring to
ieprive himself of power, whilst they have been
s'rugglipg to prevent Lim frem making this self
•acrifice.
Let me remind the S nator of a few instances;
and first, in regard to mternal improvement*,   J
