Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
26th Conk....1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
happened to be a member of the other House du-
ring the administrat on of Mr. Adams. I do not
intend now to cast any censure upon that adminis-
tration. I speak merelv of historical facts. In
tho-e days, by vinus of an act of Congress, the
Pi evident exercised the discretionary power of
making as many surveys for internal improve-
ments as he thought proper, all of which,
it was hoped by those interested, would, at
some future day, be constructed by the Ge-
neral Government. Splendid projects of
snch improvements were presented to dazzle the
/ancy, and excite the cupidity, of almost every
man in the country. Our engineers were con-
srantiy traversing the Union from e? st to west,
and from north to south; and before they were
arrested in their career, the estimated cost of com-
p'et'ng the improvements which they had surveyed
or projected, if my memory serves me, amounted to
more than one hundred millions of dollars. Here
was a vast field for Executive influence and power.
The fat jobs wh;ch might have been bestowed on
favor tes; tbe actual expenditure of immense sums of
money, and the alluring hope presented by the mere
survey of any railroad, turnpike road, or canal, in
which masses of people felt an interest; all, all
contributed to swell tbe tide of Executive influ-
ence. Now, sir, was there ever a lure more tempt-
ing to Executive ambition than this power of ponnag
ont th* public treasure to benefit, and, in their esti-
mation, to bless a large proportion of the people
cf this country? What was the conduct of the
old Roman in regard to this question? For the
good of his country, he sacrificed all this power and
all this patrcmge. His veto of the Maysville road
bill arrested the whole system; and, strange as it
may seem, a portion of tbe gentleman's seven
years' war against the Executive, consisted in de-
nouncing this voluntary surrender of Executive
power and influence, as ruinous to the best interest
of the coun'ry.
Again: the very bill now before the Senate,
against wh'ch the gentleman has bees warriag, is
one of the strongest proofs which the present Chief
Magistrate could give, that he is willing to aban-
don a large portion of Executive influence. In
1837, there were between eighty and ninety Go-
vernment depo-ite banks, scattered over every State
in the Union. "What an immense political power
might have been exercised by the President through
the agency of these bank?! We know, from letters
read at the called session, that they were not very
scrupulous, "where thrift would follow fawning "
Affilia'ed as they were, if the President had been
disposed to exert an improper influence over them,
they might have been used with prodigious effect
te accomplish his purposes. The selection of these
depositaries—the amount of the public money
which they should receive—how long they should
retain it, and in what manner they should conduct
their business—all, all was left to Executive dis-
cretion. What a boujdless field for Executive in-
fluence is that whch the present Present now
desires to abandon ! And yet the Senator, both at
the called session, and the session succeeding it,
warred in favor of compelling hi.n te retain ia bis
bands this unbounded source of political patronage
and power. He preferred then, and, such is his
de estation for the present hill, would, I presume,
even now prefer, the deposite bank sytem to the
Independent Treasuy.
Can any man, in sober carnes*, compare th? in-
fluence which the Executive will acquire, under
this til , by the appointment of four receivers-gene-
ral of public money, with that ever this affiliated
league of Slate banks, which he now desires to
abandon? Think ye, sir, that if any of the leading
officers of Government, or any of the favored
minions of Executive power, had desired a loan
from one of these banks, that he wculd have asked
in vam? under the Independent Treasury bill,
such favors can never be extended without sub-
jeciisg both the oflieer grantin? them, and the re-
cipient, to punishment in the penitentiary.
The Senator complains that the power of re-
moval from oflfice shuuld exist in the President,
and says that he is not at all satisfied with the
argument in the first Congress on which it was
reited.   This power has W exercised, without
i
interruption, ever since 1789. It is not, then, a
recent usurpation. The first Corjgress of the
United Siaes which ever assembled, by their con-
struction 6f the Constitution, solemnly declared
that the power of removal was vested in the Presi-
dent; and many of the members of this Congress
had themselves been members of the Federal Con-
vention. Since the gentleman addressed the Senate,
I have examined the debate, and particularly Mr.
Madison's remarks upon this subject, and I think
they ought to prove satisfactory to every mind.
He sketches the argument in favor of the power
with a master's hand.
How could the President execute the laws at all,
if this power did not exist? Suppose he should
discover that one of the receivers-general created
by this very bill was applying the public money to
his own use—if he were deprived of the power of
removing him from office, be might be obliged to
look patiently on and suffer him to embezzle mil-
lions. Suppose a foreign minister were violating
his instructions, and betraying the best interests of
his country abroad—what is to be done? Without
the exercise of this power, the President would be
compelled to wait until the mischief might be en-
tirely consummated—until the country might be
ruined—be "ore he could recall this corrupt or
wicked minister. I might present a hundred simi-
lar instances. This power is essential to the per-
formance of the duty impo-ed upon the President
of seeing that the laws are faithfully executed.
Without it, he would be deprived of the necessary
means of executing this high trust reposed in bim
by (he Constitution. It is, therefore, wonderful
how the existence of this power could ever have
been seriously contested.
If this power of removal did not exist in the
President, it would follow as a necessary coBse-
quence that the Senate must remain in permanent
session for the purpose of sanctioning removals
from office, as ihey might become necesary,
throughout this vast and growing country. The
pubic interest imperiously demands that some
power should always exist competent instantly to
remove all officers the moment they are discovered
to be betraying their trust. But the Constitution
never contemplated that the Senate should be in
session permanently. Heaven forbid that this
should ever be the case! After having been in the
political atmosphere of Washington for six months,
it is necessary that we should go home to mingle
with our constituents and to breathe the pore air of
the country. The American .people never will
consent, and never ought to consent, that onr ses-
sions ¿hall become permanent.
Having now replied to all the arguments ad*
duced by the Senator under his second general
head, and having, 1 think, demonstrated that the
bill contains no Government Treasury Bank, I
shall proceed to reply to those which he urged un-
der ihe first general head. It will be recollected
that this was to consider the bill according to the
corstruciion placed upon it by its friends, which, I
have r ndeavcred to prove, is the true construction.
Before I address myself directly to the Senator's
argument, allow me to indulge in some general ob-
servations.
What has been the financial history of this
coun ry fcr the last twenty-five years? I can speak
wiihpositive knowledge upon this subject durng
the period of eighteen years since I first came into
public liie. It has been a history of constant vi-
bration—of extravagant expansions in the business
of the country, succeeded by rumrus contractions.
At successive intervals many of the best and most
enterprising men of the country have been crushed.
They have fallen victims at the shrine of the insa-
tiate and insatiable spirit of extravagant banking
and speculation. Starting at the extreme point of
depression of one of these periods, we find that tbe
country has been glutted with foreign merchandise,
and it requires all our efforts to pay the debt thus
contracted to foreign nations. At this crisis tbe
banks can do nothing to relive the people. In order
to preserve their own existence, they are compelled
to contract their loans and their isnes. In the hour
of distress, when their assistance is most seeded,
they can do nothing for their votaries. Every ar-
ticle sinks in price, men arc unable to pay their
debts, and wide spread ruin pervades the land.
During this first year of the cycle, we are able to
import but comparatively little foreign merchan-
dise, and this affords the country an opponuniy of
recruiting its exhausted energies. The next year
the patient begins to recover. Domestic manufac-
tures flourish in proportion as foreign goods become
scarce. The industry and enterprise of our citizens
have been exerted with energy, and our productions
have liquidated the foreign debt. Tne thi'd year,
a fair business is done. The country presents a
flourishing appearance. The banks, íe'ieved from
the drains of specie required for foreign export,
begin once more to expand,*and 'empt the unwary
to their ruin. Property of all descriptions com-
mands a fair price. The fourth or the fifth year the
eraof extravagant banking and speculation return^,
again to be succeeded by another iunous re-
vulsion.
This was the history of the country up till 1837.
Since then we have travelled the roadlo rum much
more rapidly than in former years. Before that
period it had required from three to six years to
get up an expansion and its corresponding explo-
sion. We have now witnrs-eJ the a*tou.jding fact
that we can pass through all these chanter,and even
from one suspension of specie payments to ano her,
in little more than two years.
It is curious to observe with how much accuracy
you can read the ever changing conduion of this
country in the varied amount of our importations.
The year 1836 was cne of vaU expansion, and
produced the explosion and suspension of specie
payments in 1837. The imports were greatly d.-
minished in 1837, being less than they had been
in 1836, by nearly fifty millions of dollars. In
1838, they sunk down to twent/-seven mill.ons less
than they bad been in 1837, and nearly sevsnty-ae-
ven millions less than they were in 1836. In 1839,
we had another expansion, and ourimprrts were
forty-four millions of dollars greater than they had
been in 1838. This expansion preceded ihe explo-
sion and suspension of specie payments in the
month of October last. Thus we have become
such skilful archi'ecte of rain, that a single year
was sufficient to prepare the late explosion.
There never has existed a nation on earth, ex-
cept our own, that could endure suth rapid and
violent expansions and contractions. It is the buoy-
ancy of youth—it is theenergies of our population—
it is the spir.t which never quails before difficulties
—which enables us to endure such shocks without
Utter ruin. Yes, sir, a differencs in ihe amount of
our imports, between the years 1836 and 1838, of
seventy-seven millions of dollars, is sufficient to ex-
cite the astonishment of the world.
What causes chiefly operated to produce (his spee-
dy recurrence of the second explosion anr1 the second
su-pension of specie payment? Thiee m,y be
mentioned. In the first place, after the ban* sus-
pension of 1837, every person who was friendly to
Well regulated baaks, if such a thing be possible
under ihe present system, ardently desired that the
different State Legislatures might impose upon
them some wholesome resections. It was ex-
pected that they wonlj be compelled ,to keep a cer-
tain amount of spfcie in iheir vaults in proportion
to their circulation and deposite*; that the founda-
tion of a specie basis for our paper currency
shoull be laid by prchibiting the circulation of
bank notes at the first under the dencm nation of
ten and afterwards under that of tweniy do'lar ;
that the amount of their dividends should be limit-
ed; and, above all, 'hat upon the occurrence of
another suspension their doors should be c^ed at
once, and their affairs be placed in the hands of
commissioners. The different Legislatures m«t.
Much indignation was expressed at the conduct of
the banks. They were severely threatened; but at
last they proved too powerful fur the people. In-
deed, it would almost seem as if most of the S;ate
Legislaturrs bad met for no other prarpese than to
legalize the previous sas^a*ipa-1ef>«Pec,e PaT:
meats. No efficient nMHp«w*«• > P«f ^¡ and
the banks were thus t«^5l*ft«y.nHi?nt th^re-
after go unpujñshedJSi^ig*^ ?f Jus,1£\ ?**
impunity prevestedtbwirjfe ntaemg iheirbuM-
neisand !UlM «tfrS-' •■*;'  «¡ «
M to. raider **&***   *e ^ of mal-   They
