J S3
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
¿6iH Cono,.......Isr Sess.
Independent T>easury—Mr. Buchanan.
Jan. 1840.
Senate.
ha\e 'a !ui. ga s; I Kar a^am to enjoy ihe same
impunity.
In tie seccnl place, the immense aiiount of
nioiey loaned lo many ot the States in England, a
large p run ot which was b'ought home ¡a the
lorm ot foiean merchandise, affirJed great tactli-
ties for overtrading, or ía'her overbuying.
And in the tnud place, the conduct oí the Bank
of ibe United States greatly tended to produce
these eicessne importation*. That institution be-
came the lr !>er tor the «ale of all Stat- bonds in
Eiuepe It endeavored to monopolize the entire
cotu n tnde ot tie country; and it drew bills of ex-
change on England, most freely, at moderate rates,
ajaiust tl e p oce ch of the e bonds and of its cei-
xen E;ery eoop alio i was thus presented to spe-
cnia'tou6 in tcreisin merchandise.
Tvw b > th ee c .uses combining, have occasioned a
second suspension of ¡«pecie payments within two
years, a'ttr the hrst, and produced that bloated cre-
d.t v'. *t t , from the wrtck of which our country is
now deeply suffering.
I m^t hear.i y concur wi'h the Senator from
Ken ucky in or<e of h's posiuons. Wc certainly
produce tco nt e and import too much. Our ex-
panded cred t sys. em is the great cause of this ca-
lamiy. Co. fine it within safe and reasonable
bounds, and this disastrous effect w.ll no longer be
pn cHiced. It is m t in ths pewer of Congres  to do
much towards a consummation so desirable. Still
we shall do ali we can; and the present bill will ex-
ercise soaie lr.flience in restraining the banks from
raak.rg extravagant loans and emitting extravagant
issuer
What effect has this bleated system of credit
produced upon the morals of the country? In the
larse c mmerci 1 cities, it has converted almost all
menff business into gamblers. "Where is there
now to found tie old fashioned importing merchant,
wbo^e word wa^ as good as his bond, and who was
ccntnt to crow i ch, as our fathers did, by the
successive and regu ar protiis of many years of pa-
titHt udjstr)'* feuc1  men were the glory and
pride of commerce, and eleva ed the character of
their country both at home and abroad. I 8sk,
where are ih->y1 Is not the race almost extinct?
Ah i ow desire to grow rich rap dly. Each takes
h'S change in the lottery ot speculation. Although
■theiC v ay be a hundred chances to one against
him, eacn, eagerly intent upoa the golden prize,
overlooks the intervening rocks and quicksands be-
tween rm and t, and when he foadly thmks he is
about to clotth ¡t, he sinks into bankruptcy and
ruin. Sdch has been the fate of thousands of our
mo>t en erpri'ing ci'izens.
If thj speculator should prove successful and win
tl e golden pr.ze, no matter by what means he
may have acquired bis wealth, thts clothes him with
hono-and gkry. Moiey, money, monev, confers
the highest distinción in society. The Repub'iean
simp i:i*y and virtue of a Macon would be sub-
jects of ndicu'e in Wall street orChesMut strett.
The h g'est ta'ents, directed by the purest pa'riot-
mn, moral worth, literary and professional fame,
in short, every quality which ought lo center dis-
tinción in .scciety, sink into insgnificacce when
compared with wealth. Money i* equivalent to a
tale of nobility in our la'ger commercial cities.
This is the effect of ©ur credit system.
We hare Widely departed from the economical
habits, and simple virtues of our forefathers. These
are the only sure foundations npon which our Re-
publican irs'itutions can rest.   The desire to make
an ostentatious display of rapidly acqu led wea'th,
has produced a splendor ard boundless expense un-
known m former times.  There is now more extra-
vagance in our large commercial cities, than exists
¡n any portion of the world, which I have ever
seen, except among the Wealthy nobility of Eng-
land.    Thank Heaven, this extravagance has but
partially rea-hed the mountains and valleys of the
in'er or.    The people there, so far as their poten-
tial voice can  be heard, are determined to pat an
end to this bloated crelit system, which threatens to
involve not only th if private fortunes, bat their
political lib'ities in rum.
After the revu! Kn m 1837—after the banks had
blown up, and left the Government without «dol-
lar, the Pre-ident found it necessary to convene
Congress. It then became indispensable to take a
new departure. The cou se which ought to be
pursued was the question. The banks had be-
trayed our trust; th y ha I converted our money
into rags, by a species ot alchjmy the very reverse
of that which was attempted in former time , of
converting baser things into gold. The President
then recommended an absolute divorce between
Bank and State, and his political friends in Con-
gress cordially responded lo th s recommendation
We then gave our banner to the breeze, w i h the
motto of as. Independent Treasury inscribed upon
it. Have we not firmly and immoveably main-
tained our position? Had we been the cormi rants
after office wh ch our enemies have described us to
be, we should have yielded our convictions, wr'en
we found one State after anoth*r abandoning our
standard. Neither the love of power nor of p'ace
made us falter. We did not yield to the panic of
the moment. We have ever since kept this issje
distinctly before the people, honestly bslievmg that
a separation of iheGoveiament from banks was ne-
cessary to promote the best and dearest interestsof the
country. In the opinion of ourpolmcal opponents,
we stood self immolated. But the people have at
length glouoasly come to the rescue. Ths Sena-
tor is entirely mis'aken in supposing this bill to
be unpopular. In every instance, during the elec-
tions ot the last year, when the question of an In-
dependent Treasury was distinctly made before <hs j
people, the result has been either the election of the
Ad.iiin stration candidates, or a greatly increased
number of vetes in their favor. Is it not certam,
that if the Congressional e'.ee ions in those States
which elected iheir members la 1838, had been
postponed until 1839, we should now be in a
triumphant majority in the other House? The
Whig t arty know this; aud I am gre&tly mistaken
in the signs ef thet m°s, ífuvv have not eUtermmed
that thi> bill shall pas?. They will no longer give
us the battle ciy of an Independent Treaty. The
bill is destined to become a law dunn* the present
session. I prophesy tus result, and prophecy it
solely upon my opinion o' the sagacity of the Whig
party. It is possible 1 may be mistaken, but if I
should, I shall have one consolation in my disap-
pointment. It my political existence depsnded up-
on the result, I shou d rather have the success of
the Independent Treasury identified With the re-
e'ection of Mr. Van Burén, than an y other argument
which can be used in his favor. It alone would be
sufficient to deleat t,he hpro of Tippecanoe.
Now, s r, great change s have taken place in public
opinion since September, 1837. Tne prom n nt
arguments then urged upon this floor against the
Independent Treasury bill ha\e nearly ell va-
nished away. We now hear no more of a system
of well regulated specie paying State banks t > act
as Governmet derositories. The half-way house
has been abandoned. The accommodati ns there
are no loager good. It is in a ruinous condition,
and can no longer shelter those who formerly took
refuge in it. The banks have b'o*n up twice
within little more than two years, and thus blown
this argument ef their friends sky high. No
statesman, after our recent experience, would now
thmk of placing the people's treasure with the
banks on general deposite lor safeke ping.
Far difl'eient is the Independent Treasury. It
presents every guarantee which can be afforded for
the safely and security of the public money. It
will be in the custody cf officers appo-nted by the
Government, responsible to the Government, ana
punishable as felons for every violation of their
trust. In the day of danger, when the country is
involved in war, the money will always be read};
and at such a crms, the banks would a'most cer-
tainly suspend specie payments. Besides, they are
mere State institutions, over which we have no con-
trol; and they may, when they please, convert our
money into rags, and then place us at defiance.
They are beyond the reach of punishment under
our authority. The Federal Government cannot
justly be considered independent, if we must resort
to State banks, or to any other powsr except our
own, for the purpose of keeping the roonay raised
from the people by taxation, until it can be ap-
plied to exec&te the great powers conferred npon
us by the Constitution.
Again: pub'ic opinion has annihilated another
argument against the Independeut Treasury. The
Senator from South CaiOhna, m March, 1838,
[Mr. Preston,] m his tend<rn<\es towards the State
banks, and tor the purro>e of enabling them to
resume spec-e payment*, p'opes d that we sbou'd,
for a limit d period, teceive their irredeemable pa-
per in the payment ^f dues to the Government.
Much eloquence was also formerly wasted upon
the extreme cruelly of havug or e currency for the
Government and another for the people. Thank
God! we hear no more of all this. No person
new contends tial, under any circumstances, the
Government ought to receive deprecia'ed bank
paper. Su h tantanes have provtd too light for
earth. Tt>ey have risen to the m,on, where it is
said the crude notions d speculative politicians are
still floating about, and ha.e a local habitation and
a name.
The Senator charges us with having emplo}ed
the S ate banks as depositor es, and having com-
mended their conduct in the h ghest teims. This
was a grievous sin, and gnevously have we an-
swered it. The diffirince between him and us is
this: that after the y had shown thems< Ives to le
utterly unworthy ot our confid-nce, we abandoned
them; hut at that moment he clasped them to hi*
boom. AdmutiDg that there has beeninccnis
tency on boh tiles, the i-tate ot the fact is tbi-:
we adopted the S ale banks; they betraj ed u«, and
we cast them off forever. The Opposition de-
nounced this system in the beginning, and pro-
phesied that it would prove a failure; but at the
very moment wh n their prediction was verified,
they embraced these castaways themselves with all
the ardor of love is. These banks, as depositoties
of the public money, are now repudiated by all
parties. Their day has passed, and we shall hear
little more of them in connection with this subject.
All men are wise alter the fact; but, to look back,
it has often occurred to rre as wonderful how
«e cou d ever have confided in the S ate banks ls
safe eeneial depositories of the public t-eas'ire.
Our system of banking is. the very wor-t, and he
most urespons ble that hasever ex.s ed en the face
of the eaith. The charters of these banks nowLe e
impose any efhc ent restraints upon the first m-tnet
of the r nature, wh.ch is to nuke as much money
f r thetr stockholders as passible. They will,
therefore, alwajs expand their credits and their
issues in the day of delusive prosperity, without
regarding the approaching s'oim. The immense
deposites of the Government increased this fatal
tendency; whilst the public money was freely
loaned, and its security phced at hazard, for the
benefit cf the r stock^o ders, but for the ruin of
the country. The «onder, perhaps, ought rather
to be that they held out so long, thaa that they
should have finally exploded.
la 1836, the immense an ount of these deposites
had stimulated them alnrst to madness. The ex-
pansron was iheag eat beyond all former example.
Speculation raged throughout the land. The sus-
picions of the country were aroused against the Go-
vernment, and the banks we>e charged with grant-
ing peculiar favors to men h gh in trice, and to in-
fluential partisans of the Administration. The/
were denominated "the pet banks.  Such was the
general sense of the insecurity of the public money,
in their possession, and such the jealousy wh ch ex-
isted among the people, in consequence of their
connection with ihe Government, that I verily be-
heve the present Chief Magistrate would never
have been elected, had it not been for the passage
of th3 depc site b,U. The adoption of this mea-
sure was a choice of evils; but it was a much less
- evil than to have left neaily forty millions of the
public money in possession of the banks. Under
the Independent Treasury system, we shall never
again be p'aced in such a fearful dilemma.
I was very much astonished that we bad ao he-
mily from the Senator against the specie clause of
the bill. Even this seems to have lost much of its
terrors. It is no longer the terr,fic monster which
was to devour all the banks and establish a pare
metallic currency for all the transactions of ail
the people of ¡he United Stales.
There, could be no Independent Treasury without
thiselauee.   If you were to receiyt bank notes in
