***m
APPENDIX TO THE GONGBBSSIONAL GLOBE.
133
9Snm Go o....1st 3>ss.
Independent 7Vearaiy—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
p&jmeat of the public dues,, and wain them in
yoar possession, you, would, in this manner, encou-
rage th* banks as much to make extravagant ex-
- passions, as though yoa placed ihe same amount
with Uiett on general deporte. Besides, you would
thin confer a dangerous power upoa the Secretary
of the Treasury, enabling him lo favor some banks
and to rain others; and even if this power should
not be abased, suspicion would always surround
its ezerctss. You must separate from the banks in
every particular. Evil , both to them and to the
' eoantry, will follow from the least connect on with
tbenu Besides, if you receive bank notes at all,
to the extent of tbe amount which you hold on
hand, yon incur the verv same risk of hiving them
converted into irredeemable paper «by an explo-
tion of the banks, as if they held them .on general
deposite 
The Senator commenced his speech by present*
ing ns the most gloomy picture of national dis-
trets. He predicted that this distress would een 
t nue to increase during the present year, acd that
it would affect atl classes of the comnmni y. The
suffering, he thinks, will be peculiarly severe dur-
ing the approaching summer. I might say to him,
Tbjr wish wa* father, Harry, to th« thought."
I do not believe, however, he would desire that
the people should suffer m order'to accomplish
any political parpóse. But if, without contribut-
ing te this rrsait himself, it should be the will of
Ihe power* abeve te-involve ns ia pecuniary dis-
tress between th s lime and tbe Preidental elec-
tion, be wonll doubtless bear the dispensaron with
Christian fortitude. It would furnish political ca-
"pital for b s friends, and might contribute grea'ly
to verify his predic'iua-, that Gereral Harrison «ill
take possession of the While Houfe on the 4th of
March, 1841.
la my opinion, the Senator has greatly exaege-
ra*dihe extent of tb* existng distress.   That all
elaaass of tbe community have suffered in some
degree is certain; bet intense suffering has been
ch eáy confined to the large commercial c ties, and
these portions of the Union, such as the State of
Mississippi, nh«re the banks have so evidently
rainrd ihe per pie as to place ai! doubt of the cause
at defiance.   Where is there the country onder the
sua ea which a bountiful Providence has peered
' «at more blessings than en Mi-siísippi?   N* po-
-palaiion oa Ihe gjobe, in proportion to their nom-
brr, prodoces a larger amount of wealth from the
cultivation of the toil.   Ami yet the bounty of
Providence has been counteracted by her mi e, able
banking system-, aad her people are new subjected
to intruse suffering.   In this ins anee the effect
fiows so palpably from the canse, that every man
sets and-feels and knows it.   What an astonishing
fact was that sated br the Senator from Missis-
sippi, {Mr. WtiisaJ that in,those counties ef his
Btate where banks do not exM, there is no suffer-
"ing efen at th* pw sent moment!   If yea wanted
an illústratioo «f'the pernicious effects ef the bank-
ing system, when it tempts fa-mers and planters to
abandon their own proper business and embark m
tbe ocean ef wild speculation-, you' could not have
eat «ore striking thanthatpreseated by-Mis i«ippi
at the present momej .   1 am not aware that there
if njacb indi vdnal Vitrei  among he mas*pf the
•pee  te in the¡«Meripr s¡( Pe nnsyivaais.   There it h
chit fly eonnar d 'o those who have been tempted, in
the day of pit s.ieri y, to  q beyond th« ir means
by the (acuity of < btaieiog bank arcomme da ions.
Bat if I tead the signs of ihe times aright, tbe
«is s hes raised, er ratter is gradually passing
away.   We cannot return to a ftateof prosperity
befr re the Presidential elect  nj but the condition
ortndividaals, generally, will net be cne ©f istense
snaVrii g   Tbe resources «f this vast eoantry are
«great, end the productive cla^e  sreto indos-
trón , that wi h two)ears of fair play  they «an
pnduceasmuch wealth as the speculators have
been able to squander in one.   There «ill be no
great suffeting durmg «he next summer, unless it
may r-e in our larg* commercial cities.
•J After presenting in glowing colors the d stress ef
the country, the Senator-asks what measure of re-
lief have, we piopoeed?   I might ask him  in re-
I««b  srbeie he wiH end any clause in the Coestiw-
ffo  «Wferring power upon Congme to reflate
the banking end credit system of the respective
States, and thus strike at the roet of our calamities
and embarrassmen s? The.prc sent Administration
have not had the slightest sgeccy in creating the
existng distress, and can do but little to arrest it,
or prevent its recurrence. This is a duty which
devolves upon tbe States. Still we have proposed
a mearme which ae believe will produce tntseffsct
to a limited extent. Oar chief objects in adopting
the Independent Treasury, are to disconnect the
Government from all banks, to secure the people's
money from the wreck of the banking system, and
to have it always ready to promote the prosperity
of ihe country in peace, and defend it in war. In-
cidentally, h'jwewr, it w¿lf do some good in check-
ing the extravagant spirit of speculation, which is
the ban* of the country.
In the first place, by requiring specie in all re-
ceipts and expenditures of the Government, you
will create an additional demand for gold and sil-
ver to the amruut of five millions of dollars per
annum, according to the estimate of the President.
A latge portion of this turn will be drawn from
the banks, and this will compel them to keep more
specie in their vaults in proportion to their circula-
tion and deposites, and to bank less. This, ?o faj-
as it may go, will strike at the root of the existing
evi'. I fear, however, that it will prove to be bnt a
very iaadi quate restraint upon excessive banking,..
In the second place, this bill will, in s >me de-
gree, diminish our imports, especially, after June,
1842.    I roost .heartily corear with the Senator in
desir'ng ib:s result.   What is the condition of. the
importing bos'ness at the prevnt moment?   It's
almost exclusively in  the hands of British agents,
who sill all ;hs manufactures they can dispose of
in other portions of the woild, and then bring the
residuum here to glut our markets.   Accrrdirg to
oar existing laws, they receive a credit from the
Government for the, amount of its duties.   They
sell the goeds foe cash; and this credit becomes so
mnrb capital in their bands, to enable them to
make fr :h importations.   The Independent .Trea-
sury bill requires that all duties shall  te paid in
gold and silver; and after June, 1842, the compro-
mise .law will take away the credits a'together.
We shall then  have,a system of cash duties in
operation, which will contribute much to reduce
the amount of our importation;!, and to encourage
domestic manufactures.           ,                 . ,
In the third place, thisbill witl make the hanking
interest the greatest economists jn. the ooqntry, so
far as the Government ia concerned.' Their nerve
tif s r-inte.esi will.be touched in favor, ©f econo-
my, and this .will induce thenuo unte wjth the
people in reducing the revenue and expenditures,of
the Government to ihe lowest «Undard consistently
wiih he public good. They wii^ hereafter abhor
a,sttJ plus revenue, as much as they delighted in it
formerly, when they us d it fur banking purposes.
Any surplus whicf  may ex si in future, will, be
locked up tn gold and $ilv.-r in, the vauls of our
depositories; and, in prr portion to its amount, will
deprive the banks of ?o much rf their specif.
They will, trwR-fore, become.ihe partisans of, re-
ducing the revrnue to the actual and necessary ex-
penditures of the Government; so that the specie
may flaw out ofjjjie sub-trea uri  s with a rapidity
con expending with its influx, Nothing bnjt a large
surplus can serious^, injure "the, banks,.. Tniswns
dt monstrated t) -me by phe of the* mast disin-
guis^rd financiers which our country has ever pro-
duced, not himself, I bei'eve, friendly to the Inde-
pendent Treasury. These Treasury drafts, ia,ihe
natural coarse of busings--, will find .their way
tí ter into the bwiks at the very points wJaere our
depoaitari'S are situated,, or into the hards of indi-
viduals there having jduties to pay to" the Govern-
ment. Take, for example, New York. VA gubias
credit r receives sith a dralt on the receiver-gene-
ral in payment of b s debt. \\ ill he carry it to
New Yark, receive p ymen , and transport }he spe-
cie from that citjt Sath ir-stances will le rare.
He will genera'ly deposi'6 ii to hi* ceiit in the
bank with which he transacts his business
wherever that may be. This b-nk^if not,in N,ew
York, wll tianbW.t it for col'ect on tp one q(, the
banks there; .and thus these banks wi4 fftáw^e
spec  from our depositary as rapidly as it is drawn
from them for the paynrnt of the public dues.
Thus the equilibrium will be preerved, so long ps
the Government is without a l?r?e surplus. In
other instances, these drafts will bs s-mght after
and procuied by individuals havirg duties to pay,
and they will be presented to the recevers-jreneral,
and accepted by them instead < f gold end stive.
I now come to another snd the mcstimpoitar.t por-
tion of the gentleman's argument. If the PiCx-dint
had taken the Senator lrom Kentucky under his
umbrella, and wrapp=d his Inr'h-rubber cloak
around him, and made himhs Paiinurus to steer
the ship of S'a'e—
[Here Mr. Cuay said this was not a possible
case.]
Mr. Buchanan replied, that all th>'rgs arc pos-
sible, and wonders ni.I ne\erce¿s?. I «¡dTiit t;iat
such an event is not very probable; but should it
ever occur, true ?s the needle to the- po'e, the Se-
nator would steer direct for a Natíos a', Bank. This
is the Senator's sovereign panacea for ri'gulat n*
ths currency of the cojntry ; n 1 res.rEiiiirig
Ihe ext'avagance of the Stite tank~\ I ad-
mit that the true issue now before the c< unt:y i^
between an Independent Treasury and a Nati nal
Bank. "The Pet Bank" dcpDsite system h?s been
such an utter failure that another re ort to it cannot
be ierioosly contemplate! by any conn e able por-
tion of the Ame ¡Cah-pe'p'e. I ft-el the u'm^st
coifidence in thesuccrsiot the Independent Trea-
sury, should the law be ably andtffirienily tx-ru'ed;
but should it fail, the next experiment will doubtless
be another Bank of the Un'ted S ates.
Waiving, at preseur, the constitutional guest'on
on uh'ch I have often expre*sed my opinion before
the Senate, I propose to take np the Fetratoi '-• a'gu-
mect, and prove that snrh a bar.k would ne t rfge-
kte the currency if it could; and ihat even if it feu
the will to do f o, it would be entirely destitute of the
power.
Wonld such a bank, then, if it could, control and
regulate the loans and isstif s of the State banks-
In the affairs of human life, if you ex, ret one
agent to restrain another, you ou;ht to render their
interests conflicting. This proposition is emphat1-
cnl'y true, when such agents are banking corpora-
tions, intent upon declaring the largest po s'ble di-
vi 'ends among their stockhoidf rs. Now a Bank of
the t/nited States, so far from feeling any interest
adverse to the State bahk<, would have the very
same inducements with them to make extra-
vagant loans and issues. The duty of such
a bank, as a regulator of the currency, won!d
be 'directly 'fct wir^ with is' intereit as a
hanking institution. Yon cannot raise men above
the .selfish passions of their nature, by makmf them
directora á*d stockholders in a B nk of tbe tJnited ,
State?.' Whep their int-re^t as bankers conflicts
wit.i-theft-dnty asr gnlators of the rurrency, the'-
his ory of mankind points j ou to the probable re-
sult, tike -h% í^te b-mfcs, they will always ex-
tend the r Joans a'Aa'tbeir issues, whenever they
¿an do so wíbioil endárigerm  their own secur.ty.
This is the powerfol in\f net of felf interest. It is
ab^rtVthen, to' expect that the presiJcht acd di-
rect rs of a Ba^k of the United'Sptti 1n\l ever
beer me safe and eflficient r*putators oYmectfrt%n*y,
in the ^/evy face of the'r own ittere^t a« strcihrl^i-
ers. It woald be easy for rre to prov , from h s'o-
rical fact*, 'hit neithrr,ihe former nor the pie.ent
Bmft of the United S ates ever did exeroi^e a regu-
lar and efficient control over the issues of the S'a^fc
institutions. On the cen'rary, whenever their inte-
rest imp^t'ed tbrm to ex<ead the r own i saes, ih y
have pursued íhíi coarse; and tho«, in-tead of
checking, they have g ven loose reins to fie State
banks. Boh t">e B„n'i rf theTJnrtcd States and
the«e hanits have thus trgeiher rushed op, aad with
united fo-ces have minstcrel to fha' spir t oí over-
trading and extravagant sp culstinn, wh ch has so
ofte^n deso'at-d tur country. Time wil' n< t permit
ml to ¡So jiiore tb>n referió tSe vaát expansions of
this Pank fn'l81* and 1819, in 1853S, in 1S3!, and
in 1834 Tnese prddised rninous contracttrM
and universal distress. I think I may affirm, w.th
perfect safety, that at each of ihese periods, instead
of retraining the S-ate banks, it took the lead. Has
it ever preserved the State banking rrst.;u ions in a
scwid, wnditicnl   t<* Mr. Gallatin ar.sartr Vais
