1 :U
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
¿6th Cong--««1st Skss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Buchanan.
Seriate.
oiks icn. Hesays that one hundred and sixty-five
r -onr banks broke between 1811 and 1830; and
dinin? the greater pirt of this period, we all know
thai i! e pr. s nt L>ai;k of the United Stales was in
arrive existence.
My great obj c>, however, at this moment, is to
prove, ¡torn the present condition of the Bank of
the United States, how hopeless it is to expect that
any similar ¡n~-ti ution can ever be relied upon as a
regulator of the currency. That Bank still exists,
if it- pr. siat condit on may be c !'ed existence;
ar.d this is the first occasion on which I have ever
kt own the Senator to be guilty of ungratefully
al andor icr. an old fr end in the hour of calamity.
B fore I t.;i;e my seat, I shall endeavor to identify
t'rv k, uleraan and his party with this institution.
'•They were h-vely in life, and in death they shall
noi be divided."
It is s.iid that the Bank of the United States is
cos but a mere State institution. Bat is its cha-
ract.i changed by changing the source whence it
derives its chartd? Is ii not still the same institu-
tion that n ever has been, with ihe same capital,
the same directors, the same stockholáers, and,
until very recently, has it not been governed by
the sme controlling will? Has it not been ex-
ul ingly proc'aitned by its former president, that
it now has a much better charter from Pennsylvania
than that which it had received f:om Congress?
Tr.is is strictly the tratb; for such a charter as that
un ler w.iich it now exists was never fee ore granted
Vi any banking corporation, ei'her in Englasd or
th:s ecu ,try. The Un.ted States, it is trae, ceased
to be a siockho'der; but it enjoyed the privilege of
rel.'ing ihe'r seven millions of stock, for which it
could have procured, and doubtless did procure, a
larse advance.
From the very nature of things, this vast mono-
poly, with a capital of $35,000,000, could not have
become a S ate institution. A sngle Sate, with
mere than a sufficient number of State banks al-
ready iu esi>tence, could not have furnished
empoyment for its immense capital. It would
have starved within such narrow limits.
Did it, in point of fact, confine its operations to
Pennsylvania? No, sir; it aspired te regulate the
currency ar.d exchanges oí the whole Union. This
was the hig'i p>liticil dnty to the performance of
which it proclaimed it-self destined. To tell me
that this Bank all at once changed its character
and became a mere State institution, simply be-
cause it had recen cd a charter from the Legisla-
tur; of Pennsylvania, i¡ to deny the evidence of
our own s;n-es. Was not the currency issued un-
der the ne .v charter, as well as that under the old,
detlxred, in 1^3G, to be the best currency which
the world hid ever seen? Did net the usw notes
command the same premium, all evpr the Union,
with the old ones; and would they not still con-
tinué to command ihe same premium if it bad not
fallen—fallen from its high estate?
Why, sir, it became, in fact, more a Bank of Ihe
United S'ates after it received its Pennsylvania
charter than it had ever been before. It bought up
Stat? banks and converted them into branches, in
Louisiana and in Georgia; and it shot out its
branch agenc:es over the whole Union. In New
York it has established a branch bank, under their
fre? banking law.
Since its new charter, not content with the whole
United States as the theatre of its operations, it has
established an agency in England, and aspired "ts
bead the li >n in his den," and to become the rival
of the Bank of England iu London itself. It
scorned ti confine itself to banking operations
alore; but h?s invaded the province of the mer-
chant and has attempted to monopolize and regu-
late tb.e whole cotton trade between Europe and
this country. And yet this Bank is now said to be
a rnpre Pennsylvania institution !
Now, sir, how has it succeeded in the task
which it.imposed upon itself—of regulating the bank
is ue«, and the foreign and domestic exchanges of
tha Union? In little more than one year after its
chatter from Congress had expired, whiht in all
jrsp' ct* it was under the same government, and
continued to pursue the very same course of policy
that it had done before, it became insolvent, and
suspended specie payments with Jess than one mil-
lion and a half of gold and silver in its vaults, or
less ihan one dollar for twenty-three of its capi'al,
to meet all its immensa liabilities. Their amount
st the time 1 do dot recollect at present, nor have I
the means of ascertaining it in my possession.
Now, S.r, I would ask the Senator, is there the
least reason to believe th.at if th;s batik had con-
tinued to be the depositary of the public revenue
until May, 1837, that its fate would have been
averted, or that we should not then have had a ge-
neral suspension of specie payments? Why, fir,
the public deposites would only have added fuel to
the flame; anil would have tempted the Bank to en-
gage in still wilder speculations. The overbink-
ing and overtrading of 1836, which were conduct-
ed under its auspices, would have become sii!l
greater—the expansion would have been still more
ex'ravagant—the bloated credit system, which en-
abled us in that year to import foreign merchan-
dise to the value of nearly one hundred and ninety
millions of dollars, might have ra-'sed our imports
up to two hundred and fifty millions; and the
catEstrophe which followed would have been still
more dreadful.
In order to repair its fallen fortunes, true to the
law of its nature, this Bank has since proceeded
from one extravagance to another, until it is now
almost a heap of ruin', lnslead of c< ntrolling and
regulating the other bmks of the country, it has
notoriously been the chief, nay, almost the only
cause, of the existing suspension of specie pay-
ments. The glory of which its friend* now boast
is, that it has been able to borrow .£800,000 sterling,
at an extravagant rate of interest, fram private
bankers in England, to save it from immed a'e
bankruptcy and ruin. Alas! how are the mighty
fallen!
And it is by ihe creation of another such insti-
tution that the Senator sr eks to regulate the currency,
and control the bank issues of the country! Why,
this is faith against fact; speculation against exp-
rience. This would be to adopt, as our grand
regulator, an institution precisely similar to that
which has teen the great author of our vast bank
expansions, and our bloated credit system; and
which has fallen under the weight of i's own ex-
travagance. With all the experience which the
people of the United States have had upon this
subject, it will be long, I trust, very long, before
they return to a Bank of tie United States.
But I prop'sed to prove that, even if a Bank of
the United States had the d sposition to restrain the
loans and issues of the State bank*, it would not
posses the power. I suppose a cae for the sake
of the argument, which can scarcely ever exist,
because, as a rrgulatorof the curreacy, it would
have a duty to perform directly at war with the
interest of its stockholders.
The only mode by which it has been thought
that this object could he accomplished, was for the
Bank of the United States, confining its own busi-
ness within safe and proper limits, to receive the
notes of the S ate banks on deposite and in pay-
ment, and to call upon them at short periods to
pay the balar ees in specie. But, in the nature of
things, it would be impossible for such a bank to
receive the notes, and restrain the overissues of
more than a very few of the eight hundred banks,
which are now scattered over this country. Each
of these banks has its own limited sphere of circu-
lation, and they are Rot compe'led to receive the
paper of each other. In point of fact, this is not
generally done; nor could any Bank of the United
States be required to receive all the notes which
these eight hundred paper manufactories are con-
stantly pouring out upon the public. From the
law which regulates currency, that which is the
worst, has always the most extensive circulation.
Individual will always hold fast by the gold and
silver, and pass away the bank notes; and of these
notes, they will payout the doubtful, and preserve
those which are above suspicion. No Bank of ihe
United States, however great its capital, and ex-
tended its powers, could ever reach the evil. It
could neve- transact business wi'h one bank in
ten, I might say m twenty, of the whole number.
Butit is in vain to speculate upon this subject.
Experience is the best teacher. One fact is worth
one hundred arguments,   Independently of the ad-
verse experience of our own ccuntry.the experiment
has been died by the Bank of England under the
most auspicious circumstances, and it has utterly
laded.
The real capital of the Bank of England is ab,ut
seventy mi lions m dollars ,and it has ten branches
at the most commercial and manufacturing points
of the kingdom. In 1836, the rate of fpieign ex-
change was largely against England. The specie
of the Bank was, therefore, gradually diawn from
its vaults for exportation. It becsme necessary,
for i's own salvation, that it should make a vigor-
ous effort to diminish the amount of the circulating
puper rredium, and thereby restoie the equilibrium
of the foreign exchange?. The bank credits and
currency of England had become so inflated, and,
in consfquenre, the prices of all articles had ad-
vanced to such a standard, that, to use the language
of one of their own statesmen, it had become the
best country to sell in, and the worst country to buy
in,throughout the world. It va> profitable, therefore,
to import every foreizn production which could te
admitted to entty, and on account of the high pa-
per prices of their domes'ic productions, their ex-
ports were greatly dimi ishhd. The consequence
was, a con'inued and ruinous drain of specie from
the Bank of England to adjust the balance of the
trade against that country. The bank well knew
that, if it could limit the amount of the paper circu-
lation, it would reduce the price of their home pro-
ductions in the far,e proportion, and thus render it
profitable for foreign merchants to export British
manufacture^ instead of specie. For this purpose
it contrae'ed its loans and issues, in the vain hope
that the jo nt stock and priva'e banks would be
compelled to follow ¡ts example. In our slang, it
put the screws upon them. What was the result?
I shall not enter upon a delail of particulars. It is
sufficient to say, that, as it contracted, the o:her
banks of the kingdom expanded their loans and
their issues; and that, too, in a greater proportion
than its loans and issues wee diminished. Prices
still con'inued to rise, and bullion still eontinued to
be drawn out of the B.ink for exportation. The
utter impotency of this grand regulator of the cur-
rency to control the other banks and kefp the pa-
per currency of the kingdom within such limits as
to arrest the exporta'ion of gold and silver, has thus
been" so clearly demonstrated, that many of ihe ab-
lest British statesmen despair of accomp'i-hing the
object in any other manner than by restricting the
issues of paper money to a single bank, and regu-
lating their amount by the ajency of the Govern-
ment. Here, then, is an important fact incontesta-
bly establi hed. If this be true, and there can be
no ques'ion of its truth, I would ask the Senator
how a National Bank, even with a capital of fifty
millions of dollars, could regulate and restrain,
within proper limits, the loans and issues of eight
hundred State banks.scattered over the whole extent
of this vast country? The thing is impossible. It
cou'd not be accomplished by such a bank.
And what is the condition of the Bank of Eng-
land at the present moment? According to the
testimony of Mr. Horsley Palmer, its presidrnf,
given before the secret committee of the House of
Commons, previous to its recharter in 1833, the
principle on which it had proceeded in regulating
i's issues, was to keep as much coin and bullion
in its coffers as amounted to a third part of its lia-
bilities, including sums deposited, as well as notes
in circulation. Experience had established the
fact, that this rule of cne for three of circulation
and deposites was the safe proportion. Its nee si-
ties have compelled it to depart widely from this
rule of its own creation. Instead of teingable to
reguhte the loans and issues of other banks, it has
with difficulty been able to save itself. It has been
going down and down, until, aacording to the last
quarterly statement of its condition which 1 have
seen, it had not one pound serling in bullion for
seven of it* circulation and deposites. In this
respect it is in a much worse condition than many
of the banks in onr own country. In order
to save itself from utter ruin, British pride has
humbled itself so much, that the Bank of
England became a suppliant to that of France
for a supply of bullion, which was gracious-
ly, though condescendingly, granted.    This fact
