¿a* 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRBSSLONAT, GLOBE.
135
£6tr Cono....«.1 st Ssss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
fa ihe high's  evidence it is possible to-present of
t aendvaaiages which a country, the ba>is of who:e
•itculation is gold and silver, enjoys over another
coantry, «hose pap?r currency is greatly expanded.
The Bank of England will probably never see the
day, under its present charter, when its bullion will
again be equal   one-third *f i s circulation and
deposites. Indeed, one bad crop, in its present con-
dition, would drain it of it; gold and silver for the
párpese of parchasing foreign grain, a-?d compel it
to aospead spec e par men s. Neither this bank,
nor the Bank of the United Sta'e , can ever be re-
lied opon as regulator« of the loans and issues of
the other banks of their respective conntr es.
The Sena or from Kentucky would have "a well
rtftUltd Bank of the United States." He lays
great empha-os opon the words "wctt rcfWattrf"
Doe* he mean to insinuate that the present Bink
of the United States, nnder its charier from Con-
¡pre , was not the best regola ed bank which the
world ever saw? I had thought, that, in hs opi-
nio*, this Bank was perfection itself. The troth,
however, is, that any regulations which you can
tresciibe in the charter ot soeb an institution, will
e disregarded, whenever a powerful inteiet dic-
tates their vie'ation.   Like the strong man Li the
fibrip'nrrs, it Will snap the cords by which it is
bound, ¿s if ihey were thread./It «ill caculate
BpLB violating its charter with pert ct impunity,
because it w<*ll kaaus how nnwillng Congress 
' would be to itflict so much evil «pon the country
as would n°cessarüy resu t fum its sudden destruc
toa    Once put such an institution into successful
op ration, and yon rai no lorger regala e it? mo-
tion by the restrictions of its eherter.   The pte-if ni
Bank was ever a lawless institution, up until  tie
day when it fraudulently seized upon the ent're cir-
culation of the old Bink, iJigal branch drafts and
all, and compelled C< ngres to pas< a law making
it a penitentiary offence in its officers to reissue
these "*rt snrreci nno:es."   Under its State char-
ter, it has been t/ue to its original character.  Al-
though it bow has a chit tersueh as no «thtr bank-
ing institution ever bad, it has already been .guilty
of ssveral palpable vio'atiocs of this charter, inde-
pendently of having twice suspended specie pay-
meats.   I shall not trouble the S?nate with the
enumeration of ihe<e violations.   It is now at the
awrcy of the Legistainre    It has pronotreced its
•wn doom under its own charter^ and it now only
rtmains for the Legislature or the Governor to
carry this "sentence into execution, through the
agency of the judicial tribunals.   Whither they
«halt esforcé tins forfeiture cr not, is for them in
their wisdom to determine, not for me.    I shall not,
in this place, attempt to interfere with their high
and rapo ib!e dnties, although I should consider it
the greatest of alt bank reforms, if this Bank could
be blottei out of existence.
The Seaator ridiculed the idea that the establish-
ment of a new Bask of the United Si atea could
prove daogerots to civil liber.y.   Such a Bank,
with a capital of from fify to a hundred millions
of dollars, with branches in every Stiie of the
Union, directing;, by its expansions and contrac-
tion?, when prire3 shoold rise and when they
should fall, would be a most tremendous instra-
ateotof irr-spinsible power.   It would be a ma-
chine mack more formidable thin this Govern-
ant, even if the Administration were as corrupt
as the fancy of seme gentlemen bes painted it.
There is a natural alliance between wealth and
power.   Mr. Randolph oace *aid, ''Male end ft
male created he them."   Combine the moneyed
aristocracv of the coun'ry  ti t nigh the agrney of a
Nat'o'ial Bank, wih the-At mi«titration, ami ihe:r
United power would er.ale an influence which it
would be almost impossible lor fie people to with-
stand. We tboild never a ain see these powers is
hostile array against each other. In the days of Geo.
Jackson we witnessed the exceptu n, not «he rule.
Orre any President such a Bank as I have de.
scribed, and we shall hereafter have a most peace-
ful succession.   With all the power of the Execu-
tive, combined with all the wealth' of the country,
he woald be the most arrant blockhead in tne
work! if he were actable to re-elect hinwelf and
to «ominase his successor.   All the forms of the
Constitution might still remain.  Thi people might
still be delsded with the idea that they elected
their President; but the animating spirit of our free
institutions would be gone for ever.   A secret, bat
all-pervading, moneyed influence, would sap the
foundations of liberty and render i an empty name.
The immense power of such an institution was
manifested in the tremendous efforts which it made
i against General Jackson.     Had he not enjoyed
I moe personal popularity in this country than any
j man who ever lived,  these eff-irts would have
¡ proved irresistible.   As it was, the conflict was of
l the most portentous character, and shook the Union
to its centre.  Indeed the Bank, a' one time, would,
i in all huma  probability, have gained the victory,
had the election of President chanced to occur at
that period; and we should then have witne-*ed the
appaU.ng spectacle of the triumph of the Bank over
| the rights and liberties of the people.   The Consti.
tution of the country and the Democratic party
would then have been prostrated together.
Oa Friday last, when I very unexpectedly ad-
dressed the Senate, I  uted a principle of political
economy which I shall now read from the beok.
Itiithif: "that if joa double the amount of the
necessary eiiculating medium in any country, you
thereby double the nominal pike of evey article.
If, warn the circulating medium is fifty millions,
an article should ecst one dolrar, it would co*t two,
if,, without any increase of the uses of a circulating
medium, the quan ity should be increased to one
hundiel millions." Tne same effect woulJ be
pro'urel, whether the ciicu'atin  medium were
specie, or convertible tank parer mirg!ed with
specie. It is 'he increased quantity of ihj medium,
not its character, whiih produces this effect. Of
course .1 leave out of view irredeemable bank
paper.
I do not pretend tha , on qne tions of political
erontmy, jou can atta;n mathematical certainty.
All you can accomplish is to approach it as near
as pos, ible. Tne prir,c pie which I have stated is
sufficiently near the truth to answer my piesent
purpose,, From this piinriple, I drew an inference
that the extravagant amount of our circulating me-
dium, consistir g, in a great degree, of ihs notes
thrown out upon the community by e'ght hundred
banks, wasinjurious to our domistic manufactures.
In other .words, that extravagant banking and
domestic manufactures are d.rectly hostile to each
other. 
I did not understand that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Davis] contested the gtn-ral pro-
position that an increase in the currency of any
country, without any increase of the uses of á cir-,
colating medium, would,, in the. sanae proporti n,"
enhance the price of all the productions of (hat
country whose value was not regulated by a foreign
demand. , He could not have contested th s princi-
ple. If he had, all history and all experience would
have le n arayed against him. .
Thedscovery of the mines ,of Sin-h America^
and the consequent vast increas; of the precious
me as put itto circulan' n in the form of money,
have greatly enhanced the, nominal price of all pro-,
per y, throughout the world. Indeed it is now a
mailer of curious amusement',, to contrast the
lew pric s of all articles three ceniuries ago^
withi their present grea I? advan'tsd" tates. The
Bank of England recognises,, and constantly acts
upon ihi< principle, though often without success.
When prices become so high, in consequence of
a.reditadancy of .paper currency and bink credits,
ihat U is more profitable tu export the preciorfs me-
LIs from the kingdom than its rrunuíácuTe?, this
bark constaniy djmitti-hes to leans, raise's ihs
Me of interest, and reduces is circulation, with
h.9 avowel object of reducing prices to suéh a
-tancLrJ ?s will re. tier it more profitable to expert
msrehandi-e than bullion. It i<¡ in this man-er
hat the Bank seeks to reju'a'e, ih« foreign ex-
<-haiig> s.               ,   , ,
Bat why need we r¿cojrl to foreign nations for*
illosira'ions of the truth of'this portion,, when
it has been brought home to theacual knowledge
of every man wi bin this country. Hare we not
a^l learned, by bitter experience, that when our pe-
riodica', explosions commence, theprTceof all pro-
perty begins to risel It goes oa increasing with the
ire   aung expansion, until U)e bubble boritsj aad
then bank accommodations and bank issues are
contracted, the amount of the currency is reduced,
and prices fall io thrir former level. This is the
history of our own country, and we all know it.
A certain amount of currency is necessary to re-
present the entiie exchangeable property of a
country; and if this amount should be greatly in-
creased, wi'hout a corresponding increase in the
exchangeable! productions of the country, the only,
consequence woul.l be a g.eat enhancement in no.n-
inal pricfs. I say nominal; because this increased
price wiil not enable the man who receives it to pur-
chase more real property or more of the ntcs-
saries and luxuiies of life than he could have done
befrre.
Let me row recur t3 the proposition with which
I commenced; and I repeat ihat I do cot pretend to
mathematical accuracy in the illustration which I
shall preiint. The Un le I Sates carry on a trade
with Germany and FraLc; the former a hard mo-
ney country, an 1 ihe la t r approaching it so nearly
asto have no bink nous ía circulation under the
denomination of five handled francs, or nearly ore
hundred dollars. On the conirary, the United
States is emphatically a paper money country,
having eight hundred banks of issue; all of ihem
emitting notes of a denomination as low as five
dollars, and most of them one, two, and three dollar
n !es. For «very dollar of gold and silver in the
vaults of these bank*, they issue three, four, five,
and some of them a* b gh as ten, and even fifteen,
dollars cf paper. Thi? produces a vast but ever
changing expansion of the currency; aad a conse-
quent increase of the prices or all articles, the value
of which i «not regulated by fie- foreign demand,
above the prices'of similar articles in Germany aad
France. At particular stfgesof rur expansion ,
we mi*ht with justice apply the principle which I
have stated to cur trade with these countries, and
asseit that, from the great redundancy of our cur-
rency, articles are manufaciured in France and
Germany for one-half of their actual cost in this
coun'ry. Let me present an example. In Ger-
many, where the currency i< purely metallic, and the
C'st of every thing is r. ducedto a hard money
standard, a piece of broadcloth can be manufac-
tured for fifty dollar?; the manufacture of which,
in our coun rr, from the expansion of our paper
currency, would cost one hundred dollars. What
is the consequence? The foreign French or Ger-
man manufacturer imports this cloth into eur eoan-
try, aad sells it for a hundred dollars. Dees not
every person perceive that the redundancy of our
currency i* equal to a premium of one hundred per
cent¿ in favor of the foreign manufacturer? , Wo
tariff of protection, unless it amounted to prohibi-
tion, could counteract this advantage in favor of
foreign manufactures I would to Heaven that I
could arouse the attention of every manufacturer of
the nation to this important subject.
The forri^n manufacturer will not receive oar
bank nu-s in payment, He will take nothing
home except gold anct silver, or bilU of exchange,
which are equivalent. He does not expend, this
money her , where he would be compelled to sup-
port lis family, and to purchase his labor and ma-
terials at the same rate of prices wbkh be receive .
for bis manufacture-. On the contrary, he goes-
hem , purchases his labor, his wool, and all other
mtie'e-i which enter imo his manufacture, at half
ih ir cost in this country; and again returns to in-
undate u; with foreign w.ollens, and to ruin our
do re-tic mafeufrGtures. I might cite many other,
examples; but this, 1 tns'.wii! be sufficient to draw
pub ic attention to the subject. This depreciation
of o irjcirrency is, tl erefore, equiva'ent to a direct
protretit n granted t« fie ft reign ov^r the domestic
ma'iufa tu ec Ii is impossible that-onr manufac-
turer? should be able to suit.ia suchan uneqial
cempeution.
Sir, 1 rokmnly believe iha| if -we eeall bit re-
dueeih-s inflated paper bubble to any thing like
reasonable dimensions, New England woald be-
come the most prospéreos maBofactoring country
that the sun ever shtne. upon. Why cannot we
manufaeturcgoods, and especially cotton goods,
which will go into successful competition With
BtitishmanolaeTurcs in foreign market*? Haw
we not ft* necessary capital?   Hay« we not the.
