136
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan.  1840.
£6th Cong.•••1st. Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
industry? Have we not the machinery? And
above all, are rot ourski'l, energy, and enterpr se,
proverbial throughout the world? Land is also
cheaper here than in any other country on the face
of the earth. We possess every advantage which
Previdence can bestow upon us for the manufac-
ture of cotton; but they are all counteracted by the
folly of man. The raw material covts us leys than
il does the English, because this is an article, the
price ef which s-lepends upon foreign markets, and
is not regulated by eur own inflated currency.
We, therefore, save the freight of the cotton across
the Atlantic, and that of the manufactured article
on its return here. What is the reason that, with
a'l these advantiges, and with the protective du-
ties, which our laws afford to the lomestic manufac-
tarer of cotton, we cannot obtain «xclusive posses-
sion of the home market, and successfully contend
for the markets of the world? It is simply because
wp manufacture at the nominal prices of our own
uflated currency, and are compelled to sell at the
real prices of o her nations. Reduce cur nominal
to the real standard of prices throughout the world,
and you cover our country wi h blessings and bene-
fits. I wish to Heaven I cou'd speak in a voice
loud enough to be heard throughout New England;
because, if the atten'ion of the manufsc'urers could
once be directed to the subject, their own intell.-
gence and native srgacity would teach thena how
injur ouslj they are affected by our bloated bank-
ing and credit system, and would enable the.n to
apply the proper corrective.
What is the reason that our manufactures have
been able to sustain any sort of compel i'iun, even
in the home market, with those of Biitsh origin?
It is because Engfand herself is, to a great extent,
a paper money country, though, in this respect,
not to be compared with oar own From thisvery
cause, prices in England are much h'gher than
they are upon the continent. The expense of living
is there double what it costs in France. Hence, all
the English who desire to nurse their fortunes by
living cheaply, emigrate from their own country to
France, or seme o'.hr portion of the continent.
The comparative low prices of France and Ger-
many have afforded such a stimulus to their manu-
factures, that they are now rapidly extending
themselves, and wou'd obtain possession, in no
small degree, even of the English hems ma-ket,
if it were not for their pro'ecting duties. Wnilst •
British manufactures are row langui hin«, those of
the continent are springing into a heaMiy and vi-
gorous existence. It was but the cthtr day that
I saw an extract from an English pap;r, wheh.
stated that whilst the cctlery maaufacured ¿a Ger-
many was equal in quality with the British, it was
so reduced in price, that the latter would have to
abandon the manufacture altogether.
The Senator from Massachusetts, after all our
experience, doubts whether our currency has been
inflated beyond the proper degree; and to prove
that it has not been, he says that the rates of ex-
change upon England have often been below par.
This fact does not tend to prove that our paper
currency is not inflated at heme.   Our foreign ex-
changes are regulated by the specie standard of the
world, not by ihe amount of our bank issues at
home; and whether they are above or below par,
depends upon whether we are the debtor or the
creditor nation.     We ought always to be, and
would always be, the creditor nation, if it were not
f >r our extravagant spcculatkns in foreign merchan-
dise, produced by  the redundancy of our paper
credits and circulation.   Our immense exports of
cotton ought always to p'oduce a balance of trade
in our favor; and yet this is rarely the cass.   There
is generally a particular period, however, in the
pr grefs of each one of our expansions and con-
tractions, when exchange is in  oar favor.    This
occurs after our cotton   and other exports have
paid  the debt   previously  contracted to   foreign
nations; and be/ore we have had the time and the
ability to get fairly unJer way in a new career of
extravagant importations.   To say that this cir-
cumstance proves that our paper currency is not
inflated, is an argume nt which I cannot understand.
It proves nothing but that Providence has pro-
vided us a resource ¿h our vast production of cot-
ton, which enables us to repair the injuries which
we suffer from our extravagant speculations.   It
does not touch my argument to show the perni-
cious influence   which   our  expanded   currency
exerts on our domestic manufactures.   If it were
not for this cause, exchanges would not only be
i occasionally, but always, in our favor; and the
Bank of  England could not exerc se that con-
trolling influence over our banking institutions of
which the Senator from Kentucky so loudly com-
| plains.   This influence is derived solely Irom the
fact that we are almost always the debtor nation, as
i we must continue to be, until our will speculations
■ shall be arrested.
,      In addition to the reason suggested why foreign
¡ exchange hss some imes been in our  favor,  nof-
|  wiihstanding   our    extravagant   importations,    I
i  might add another wh'ch has operated with vast
power during the last tveo or three years.   Thi> is
the immense airount of money which several of
the States hate borrowed from England within that
period.   This money constituted a fond on which
bills wete drawn to a large amount, and conse-
quently reduced the rate of exchange.     The pay.
ment of the interest on this debt, particularly as  e
shsll probably not scon increase the principal, wi'l
operate hereafter in a contrary direction, and will
tend" to raisr, not reduce, the rate of our foreign
exchanges.
But the Senator from Kentucky TMr. Clay]
leaves no stone unturned. He says tha' the friends
ef the Independent Treasury desire to es'ablish an
exclusive metallic currency, as the medium of all
dealings throughout the Union; and, also, to reduce
the wages of the poor man's labor so that the rich
employer may be able to sell his manufactures at
a lower pric?. Now, sir, I deny the correctness of
both these propositions; and, iu the first place, I,
for one, am not in favor of cs'ablishing an exclu-
sive metallic currency for the people of this coun-
try. I desire to see the banks greatly reduced in
number; and would, if I could, confine their ac-
commodations ts S'irh loans or discount, for
l.mited periods, to the commercial, manufac-
turing, and trading classes of the community, as
the ordinary course of their business migSt render
necessary. I never wi-h to see farmers and mecha-
nics and professional men tempted, by the facility of
obtaining bank loans for long periods, to abandon
ihiirown proper and useful and respectab'e spheres,
and rush into wild and extravagant speculation. I
would, if I could, radically reform the present
banking system, so as to confine it w.lhin such
limits as to prevent future suspensions of specie
payments; and without excep'ion, I would instantly
deprive each and every hank of its charter, which
should again suspend. Establish these or similar
reforms, and give us a real specie basis for our
paper circulation, by increasing the denomination
of bank notes first to ten, and afterwards to twenty
dollars, and I shall then be the friend, not the
enemy of banks. I know that the existence of banks
and the circulation of bank paper are so identified
with the habits of our people, that they cannot be
abolished, even if this were desirable. To reform,
and not to destroy, is my motto. To confine them
to theirappropriatebusiness,andprevent thsm from
ministering to the spirit of wild and reckless
speculation, by extravagant loans and issues, is all
which ought to be desired. But this I shall say.
If experience should prove ittobe impossible to en-
joy the facilities wh;ch well regu'ated bank-? would
afford, withru , at the same time, continuing to
suffer the evil* which the wild exce-ses of the pre-
sent banks have hitherto entailed upon the ciun-
try, then I should consider it the lesser evil to
abo'idi them altojether. If the State Letri-latures
shall now do their duty, I do not believe that it
will ever become necessary to decide on such an
alternat.ve.
We are also charged by the Senator from Ken-
tucky wi'h a desire to reduce the wages of the poor
man's- labor. We have been oft°n t. rmed agra-
rians on our side of the House. It is something
new under the sun, to hear the Senator and hs
friends attribute to us a desire to e'evate the wealthy
manufacturer, at the  xpense of the laboring man
and the mechanic. From my soul, I respect the
laboring man. Labor is the foundation of the
wealth   of  every country;   and   the   free  la-
borers of the North deserve i expect, both
for their probity and their intelligence. Hea-
ven forbid ih.t I should do them wrong! 0.'
all the countries on the earih, we ought to have the
most consideration for the laboring man. From
the very nature of our institutions, the wheel of
fortnre is constantly revolving and producing su-h
mutations in property, that the weahhy man of to-
day may become the posrlaboier of to-morrow.
Truly wealth often takes to itself winfs snd flies
i away. A large fortune raie'y lasts beyond ti e
' thud generation, even it" it endure so lrn?. We
must all know ins'ances of individuals obliged to
•   labjr tor  their daily   breid,   whose grandfathers
,  were me.i of fortun\    The tegular  pneewofso-
•   ciety would almost sjem to consá&t of the eff r s
of one class to dissipate the fortunes which they
have ínheiiied, whilst anther class, by the r indus-
try and economy, are regularly tiding to wealth.
We have all, therefore, a common interest, as it is
our common duty, to protect the rights of the la-
boring man; and if I believed for a moment that
this bill would prove injurious to him, it should
mret my unqualified opposition.
Although this bill will not have as great an in-
fluence as I could desire, yet, as far as it goes, it
will benefit the laboring man as much, and p-o-
bably more, than any other class" of society. Whit
is it he ought mrsitodesire? Constant employment,
regular wa;cs, and uniform reasonable prices for
the r.ecesiaries and comforts of life which he re-
auire«. Now, sr, what has been his condi:ion un-
der our 5} stem of expansions ano1 contractor?
He has suffered more by tham than ary other (lass
of soci ty. The ra'e of his wages is fixed and
known; and they are the last to rise with the in-
creasing expansion, and ¡he fir.t to fall when the
corresponding revulsion occurs. He still continues
to receive his dollar per day, whi'st thepiiceof
eteiy article which he consumes is rapidly rising.
H* is at leng'h ma 'e to feel that, although he n )-
mina'ly earns as much, or even moie than he d d
formerly, yet, from the increased prce of all
the necessaries of life, he cannot support his
family. Hence the strikes for higher wages,
and the uneasy and excited feelings which have
at different periods, existed among ih« lab  r
ir.g classes. But the expansion at length reaches
the exploding point, and what does the labor-
ing man now suffer? He is for a season
thrown out of employment altogether. Oisr manu-
factures are suspended; our public works are
stopped; our private enterprises of different kinds
are abandoned; and, whilst others are able to
weather the storm, be can scarcely procure tb*
means of bare subsistence.
Again, sir: who, do you suppose, held the greater
part of the worthlf s^ paper of the one hundred and
sixty-five broken banks to which I have referred?
Certainly it was not the keen and wary speculator,
who snuffs danger from afar. If you were to
make the search, you would find more broken
bank notes in the cottages of the laboring poor
than any where elie. And th'se miserabe
shwplasters, where are they ? After the revul-
sion of 1837, laborers were glad to obtain em ploy-
ment on any t>-rms; and they often received it upon
the express condition that they should accept this
worthless trash in payment. Sir, an ent re sup-
pression of all bank notes of a lower denomination
than the value of one week's wages of the laboring
man is absolutely necessary for hi* protection. He
ought always to reef ive his wages in gold and s 1-
ver. Of all men on the earth, the laborer is most
in'erested in having a sound and stable currency.
All other circumstances bsing equal, I agree
wdh the Senator fiom Kentucky that that country
is most prosperous where labor commands ihe
highest wages. I do not, however, mean by the
terms "highest wages," the greatest nominal
amount. Durins the Revolutionary war.one day's
work commanded a hundred dollars of continental
paper; but this would scarcely have purchased a
breakfast. The more proper expressioa would
be, to ta.f that that country is most prosper-
ous where labor commands the greatest re-
ward ; where one day's labor will procure
not the greatest nominal amount of a depreci-
ated   currency,   but most   of   the  necessaries
