J*Hr 184D.
¿ía&mmm to the congressional globe.
w
A6th Coxa....-.lsT Sess.
Indepmdtnt TSrtamry—JHr, Walker.
Senate.
«ndeomfomof life. ir,tlwrefor^yonsbo l< ,in
soase degree, reduce the nominal price paid for'
tabor, by reducing the amoont of «your bank issues
wiitaa reasonable and safe limits, and establishing-
a metallic basis for your pipar circulation, would
this injure Ike laborei? Cenainly not; because the
price of all «be aeeeasams and «omfurts of lire are
reduced in the sane proportion, and he will be able
to parchase more of them for one dollar m a sonad
siate* of ths correaey, than he could have done, in
the days •/extravagant expansion, for a dollar
■ aad a quarter. So far from injuria*, it will tre tly
benefit the laborog man. It wilt insure to hint
constant employment and regular prices, paid in a
snoad currency, which, of all thing , be ought
most to desire; and H wilt save h!m from btirfg in*
volved in ruin by a recurrence of those periodical
expansions ami contractions of the currency, wfcfeh
have hitherto convulsed the eountry.
This sound state of the currency will bare ano-
ther moil happy effect upen the laboring man. He
«Ui receive his wages ia gold aud surer; and this
will induce h'ttt to lay up, for future use, such a
portion of them as he can spare, after satisfying
bis immediats want?. This he will not do at present,
because he knows not whither the trash; which he is
aow compelled to receive as money, wilt continue
to be of any value a week or a month heteafter.
A knowledge of this fact tend  to femfch «eono-ny
from his dwelling, and indue?  him to expend all
his wages a  rapidly as possible, lest *h?j may be-
worthless on bis hands.
Wr, the laboring «lasses understand this subject perfectly.
It m the hard-handed and firm-fisted men of the country oa
whom we must rely in the day of danger, who are (be most
friendly to the i asssgeof this bill. It is they who are the most
ardently in favor of inrosing into the currency of (he country a
rery large amount of the precious metals.
The Senator has advanced another position in which I an
sorry 1 cannot agree with him. It is this: that a permanent
high rate of interest ia wdicati re of the prosperity of any cou n-
try. Now, sir, a permanent high rata-of Interest is conclusive
evidence of a scarcity of capital, and is indicative of any
thing hot prosperity. I think, there ore, it will poxzle him,
with all his ingenuity, to establish Ms proposition. To
leader • country truly prosperous, capital and labot must
be so combined as each to receive a fair reward- In
Itnglahd, when the rate of interest was very high, the coun-
try wa_i nut at alt in a flourishing condition; but as capi-
tal frradually accumulated, and the rate of interest cense-
Silently sunk, she became more and more prosperous, though
le did not reach her highest elevation until money "yielded cou-
eidarably less than five per cent. But this subject is so little reto-
vam 10 -(bequestion under diseussiun, that it is scarcely neces-
sary ta pursue it. If it were, it would be easy to show that a
high rate of interest, generally, if net universally, enters into
direct conflict with the wage  of labor, which the Senator ie eo
anxious to maintain. Suppose, (or example, that it required a
capital of «30,000 to put and to preserve an iron manufactory
in suwesaful operation. In one eountry the Interest on this
son at ten per cent would amount to 93 000, whilst in another
it could to procured at foajr cent, or S800. The difference
would be •1,200-, aad, unless this amount can b* saved either
bra reduction in the wages ef labor, or to some other manner,
the manufacturer who pays the higher rate of tnteieet cannet
eaduM the eompetitiee. A. high owe of interest almost always,
pie*en upon the erases of labor.
Ifthe gentleman's theory be correct, Wall street must be <*
perfect paradise of prosperity. Tfccre, the rate of interest for
a long time has been permanently high, varying hetween two
and four percent, a man h, or between twenty-four and forty-
sight per cent per annnm. Post notes of the Bank of the
United States have been discounted freely at two per cent, per
month. With these facta befoie him, Mr. Jeffery would not
now declare, as the Senator informs us he formerly did, "ihat
this country was the heaven of the poor man and the hell ef
the -rich." He might probably reverse the position, though
it would he equally extravagant one way as the ether. A
country in which a rich maa ran realize from twenty-four to
forty.eig t per cent, for hie money, would certainly be any
thin; but a place of torment (or him. But what is the condi-
tion of a poor man in sucha country? When capital com-
mands such aa extravagant interest to liquidate commercial
debts, it will no longer be used m the employment of labor;
and hence poor meo must necessarily be thrown out of em-
ployment. Such a condition is any thing but a heaven for
tnetn.
Thi Seaaior exclaims whh holy harror, «the Staarte ara stilt
upon the throne, and Charles the Second has succeeded Charras
the First   He has, I think, been very unfortunate to this his-
torical allusion, if he intended to rom par  our Andrew with
the first Charles. The enemies ef Charles cut off his bead,
whilst our Andrew, politically speaking, cut the heads off all
his enemies; and many of them were in such terror of Mm, that
tney dreaded he might turn the metaphor into a reality, and
cut off their heads in earnest Charles the Second did not suc-
ceed Charles the First My LordProtectorlmtervened. Although
he and the Senator from Kentucky are as different in other
respecte as two able and brave men can be, yet whilst he was
speaking, it struck me that there was one striking point of re-
semblance between them. And what, sir, do you think that
wast My Lord Protector always began and ended every thing
as theBena'or has begn* and ended hi* speech—nith prayer.
Then in regard to the second Charles, I hare a little to say. Of
all men, the Senator ought to be the last to disparage our Mar-
tin. I hare read of a great conquered General, who always
prooeuncedhis conqueror to be every able and brave man, be-
cause,** the historian observes, it would have lssssnsd the me-
rrtspf tb* vanquished  hare bien overeóme by a foot ora
coward.   The Senator, ia speaking of Martin, ought rather to
ex !eiiB,                        „
"Great let me call hhtt, for he conquered me."
If, in addhfaa, the Mttle magician should he victorious over
the hero of Tippecanoe, m the great battle to be foug' t the ap-
proaching autumn, and I have full faith thit such will be the
result, the  he will go down to posterity with all "his blushing
honors thick upon him "
Thanking the Senate for their patient attention, I shall now
resume my seat.
/
SPEECH OF MR. WALKER,/
Or Mississippi,    V
Jit Stnate, Tumi**, Jmuary 91,  1340-j-On/he bill
-   toproridefor the collection, safe k*ptj*g, trans-
fer, and disbursement of the public liosjey
Mr. WALKER said: I am not eernp that my
voice is yet so entirely restored, af'fr recovery
from severe illness, as to enable me folly  t>
di<eus8   the   important   questions   involved   in
this bilí.   T will, however, endeavor to reply to
some of the remarks of the Senator from Kentucky,
{Mr.'CtiYj] and ingoing so, that Fenaror s^all
be treated by me with all the respect which is
doe to his Age, experience, and long services.  The
Senator has referred, in his speech, to the polit'cal
comp'exion of this body; he has complained that
further delay had not been granted in procrd ng
to the consideration of this measure, and had more
than in*iraat*d t >at if aM me vacancies were fitted,
and the put lie Wilt respected, that this till could
not yassthe Bínate.   Here, then, a question of po-
litical ftatistJcs was preserve I, in examining wh<eh
it became necessary to review the recent elections
m this country, and to contrast the vote of the peo-
ple of the several States with the condition of their
representat on on this fl or.   In making this con-
trast, however, no reflection will be cast by me upon
the course of any Senator; for all will, no doubt,
•jive tHeir votes for or against thi« measure, from
conflcieotiouseoavictioDSof tlaty.   In investigating
die action of the people of the reverá) Suit's upon
ibis question, I will examine the wsolt of their most
recent Congressional elections, as presenting the
«b t general exponent of their tipu s and wishes.
fUnon thaba'H*, then, the following States, by the'r
bios' recent elections, bad declared in favor of this
bit': namely, Maine, New Hamp>h re, New Jersey,
Delaware,   Pennsylvania,   Ma*ylarH,   Virginia,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Alarum , Mis-
ci'sppt, Tennessee, Arkansas, Missouri, Illinois,
Indiana, Ohn, and Michigan; in all, eighteen S'fltes,
arMMtitcrtiaf not only a majority, but two-thirds of
the States of thsUoon. ' If New Jersey be not
counted apon either side, although tbe popular vOe
warn clearly io our fairer, still the remit will be se-
venteen States fcr, and eight against ths measure,
being still a majority of two-thirds of the States.
And if Michigan, since ibe last Congressional can-
vass, may have assumed tbe attitude of opposition
in her last legislative and gubernatorial election,
Georgia, also, one of the States not enumerated in
our favor, his, by a similar election, pronounced
most elea'ly for this measure.   Indeed, the State of
Georgia, even in her ta*t Congressional election,
may be truly claimed as having pronounced in fa-
vor of this bill; for, whilst the entire Union party
in that State, and; their candidates for Congress, had
declared in  favor 0{ this bill, a mijontv of their
opponents had also, It was understood, announced
their determination to support it, an i wilt faith Vly
redeem this pledge.) Such, then, was the vote
of    the   people   of the   several   Sta'ce;   such
was   the  declared will  of two-thirds  of these
¡States;   and   such   wou'd   be   the   vote- of   the
Senate, if the will of the several States, in the
absence of legislative instructions, rinw'd control
the  vote of every Sena'or upon this bill.   In de-
nouncing then, with so much violence, this bill and
its advocates, the Seriatcr from Kentucky should
remember that he is, in fact, denouncing the peo-
ple of two**hirds of the States of this Union.   It
is the people, emphatically, who have pronounced
in favor of this measure, and that too aferthe
most searching inquiry, the most deliberate inves-
tiga ion, and the fullejtdiscussion he re and through-
out the country.     Thi« bill has been the quest on
upon which the battle has been fought atHwoo*
and it is under the flag of an Independent Trea-
sury, that we have feeen enabled to rescue thh
A-dmnistration from the overthrow wiih which ft
once sepmed to be 'hreatened, by the desertion of
the timid, the treacherous, or venal- Sir, when at
opening of the special session in September, 183T,
1 announced ray determinit'on to support this bi 1,
b Mh by ray vttes and i-peech s, and that, t o, wi h
the specie clause inserted, my expulsion from this
body by legislative ins ructions wa* predicted as ab-
solutely cettam. For a time, Mississippi seemed to
vibra'e upon this quest on; but now, what is the
re-ult u"on the fullest d'scus>ion? Why, a majority
in favor of the measure greater t'ian any ob'a'ned
in any preceding canvas •. The majority in fa-
vor of Mr. Van Burea in the electoral canvass,
was less than three hundred, now the majority in
favor of this measure, at the last election, is more
than Ihree Ihoasani, and was be'ieved iO be aug-
m«nt ng every day by new accessions from the
ranks of our political adversaries.
But this risult the Senat  r attributes to party
movements. He sa>s tbe peop'e were opposed to
thi* measure, but thit the party aeiews were ap-
plied, and that a few appr.'Vin? i-hneks have been
extorted in favor of the btl! from its a^on z ng vic-
tims. Sir, if it were (a* it is no!) n the rower of
any Admm's ration, by mere party discipline, to
rally a majority in support of a measure pguost
the popular will, by what power i< tbrs mental tor-
ture app'ied to the opponen*s of the Presiden,?
How could the party scews "be appl ed to them;
and yet have not ve r many of ths strong' m oppo-
nent < of the President; have not many entire States,
herrt 'fore always arrayed against us, changed thek
entiie front, and now yi Id to this great measures
cordial an 1 sine-re suppon? "Whence thisw<*-,
derful revolution in public sent men , thir abandon-
ment of par.y prejudice, tr i* great acce-s on from
the ranks of tur adversarle? It is the result of
the most fited and delibera'e conviction on he part
of t he people in favor of this g eat measure. I,
too, Mr. Preri<'ent, hive seei the .'crews app'ied;
I, too, have seen the struggling v ctrn writhing in
agony; t, too, have hear! bis shrieks, piercing as
titos? of the wild fea-mew; but t: e e shtieks were
extrr'ed by noapp! cation of ihe party screws. No,
sir, it was the banks that had applied the screws tf
incorporated and moneyed power. It was these
that had tempted their victim, in an evil-hour, from
the path of industry into the mad career or wild
and entravagant speculation; it was ihete that had
pliced the paper <i e w.thn his grasp, that seducrd
him enward with dazzling visions- of unbounded
fortune, and t^e , when Jhehonrof perderme,
consigned bia  to hopeless baokrupicy.   ,  ,
Th  Senator had, in his speech, again indulged
in the exercise of his prophetic powers. He há)i
a?ain predicted the merthrow of this Admmistra-
t o& and the installation of General Harrison in
March, 1841. The Senator bad often, previt tisly,
predicted the overthrow of this Administration, as
well is of that Which prtfiedfd it; *nd, to hvely as
in 1838, be had foretold «la}, the, present Congiess
wool I open with a majority of twoMtmrds as a ¡nst
the Administration. Thus far, not or/eof ft« prc-
diciions of that Senator has ever brea realized; but
a re.-ut directly opposite had always fo!lowff|.
So invariably had this been the case, (hat the pro-
phecies of that SeBator should be interpreted as
dreamsj that is, to set t'o *n a result d;rectly Ihe
reverse of that foreseen in the vison; and trios,, if'
that Senator foretold a defeat, we might always ex-
pect a victory.'
The Sena'or from Kentucky had thought proper
lo compare Genera] J- ckson and Mr. Van Baren
to the Stuarts, to the Charleses of England, two of
the most lkent oas and despotic moaarchs. But
England was disgraced by a m narchyeimoie
arbitrary and profligate than either the first or se-
cond Charles. If was a Henry. I shall institute
no comparison between this. monarch and the
Senator from Kentucky. None such, in troth,
can be made; anrh yet tbe<teseniblance is quite as
striking as that of either of the Stna'ts to the late
and present Chief Magistrate. As little similarity,
also, was there in the original to the picture drawn
by the honorab'e Senator of the American .Pre l-
deat. driving through the rain with his umbrella
and India, rubber coat, reckle  of the sntuattoa of
hi* frliowci$ eBf.   Jio doubt this poitrau was.
