158
APPENDIX tfO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
26th Cowo* •«•!«■ Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Walker.
Senate.
Jready ma the hands of the lithographer, for a
caricature, as it seemed to have amused so much
ib* teal ery friends of the honorable Senator.
This faculty of exciung a laugh in the galUry is
one of the humb'est powers of the h.iman mind,
and rarely combined with great intellectual vigor.
Sir, when I want to laugh, 1 Will buy my t cket lor
the theatre, and go and listen to farce cr c< m dy;
but if ( possess d the co mc powers of Mathews
himself, they should not be exerted in this tnbunal;
and thee who possessed this laughter-excitirg
faculty, even in the most eminent decre°, should
s ill reflect, that it was a facu'ty in wh eh every
harlequin was that equal, and every circa< clown
greatly their superior.
The   Senator   from Kentucky   has   drawn   a
gloomy picture of the piesent condition and future
prospects of the country, and attributes it all to the
measures of this Administration.   No such thing,
h* says, occurred prior to the war upon'h Bink of
the United States.    Has the Senator forgo ten his
speech in 1824, when the then existing condition
of this country was represented by him in quite as
glocniy colors as those with which he darkened h*
presect picture ?   So close, indeed, is  he  resem-
blance between these two ad Iresse , that the S*na-
toi\s*peeih of )e*teiday  may well  bi.consiJered
but as ihe echo of the .«ptech ol  1824—it  .ii   he
same portrait, scarcely reuuuhed  by the same rt-
maikab'e   art st—it   was ihs  same traeely, re-
hearsed opon nearly tl e same boards, with <cme-
ly a change of part*,  by tiie smii dis'ir.gutshed
ora*or.   That the Senate may know the  (acts, I
will read an  extract from the speech of that Se-
aatorof the 31st of March, 1824, in favor of a
protective tiriff.
[Here Mr. Waaler read the following extract
from Mr. Clai's sreech oí 1824, as publi.hed ra
Niles's Register of tkat date, vol. 26, pages 378,
387, as follows:]
"lo casting our eyes  around us, the most prominent etr
cumstance which fixes our attention, ami chil'e iges our deep-
cat regret, la  the gereral distress wh'ch pervades the whole
country.   It is forced upon «s bynunerous lac a of the most
incontenible character.   It is indicated by.ihe diminished i x
ports of native produce, by the depreseed and reduced sute of
our foreign navigation, by our diminished cemmeice, by sue
cemtve unthresuud crops of gram, perishing in our bams and
barnyards lor the want of a market, by the alarming diminu-
tion of the Clrcu'am g medium, by  the numerous  bankrupt
eies, not limited to the trading classes, bin extending to  all or
ders of society, byan un versal complaint ol the want of em-
ployment, and a consequent reduction of the wages of labor, by
the raven ms pursuit alter puWic «nuaiit ns, not lor the sake of
their honors and the peiformarce ot their public du ics, but as
a means of priva'e subsistence, by the reluc mt itsoit to the
perilous use of pap r mime); ty the i nerve ilion o leg ^1 ition
in the delicate rela'io'i between lieu or and rreditor, anil, above
all, by ihe low and depressed state of the value of a'moft every
description of the whole mass of the property of the nation
which has,on an average, sunk not less than ab iut fifty pei cent.
within a few years
"The truth is, that no class  of society suffers more, in the
I present sugfta ion orbus ness, than the laboring cla=s That
sa necessary effect of the depression of agriculture the prtn-
«1*1 business oí the community The w iges if abe bodied
men vary Irom five to en ht dollars per mon h, and such has
been the want of employment, 11 some parts of the Union,
that instances have not been unfreqtient, of men woikmg mete
1y far the means of present subsistence If ti e v, ages lor laoor
.here ami in England ate compared, they will be found not to
be essentially ditierent"
No\r, this picture of di-tres' and rain was down
by that S-nator during the vtry climax of the
pjwer o( the Bank of the United S'ates; and jet all
ibis seems to have Veen foigitten b/ him, and I
now understand him as aséenme that we we p ex-
empt frma all such cilamitits d inn? the existmep,
tnl under the re¿aUtion, of a Batik of the U.ut-d
Siites.
[Mr.Ci.Ar here explained es rot having a«sntej
that no such di tre s as thpp-esent hal existed,dur-
ing the chatter ot theNdti nil Barik,butthai n^vfr,
during it* existence, lal thin rmne«s teen Bttiibu-
ted, as it now was, t> tre power over us of he
banks and currency of Enp'a id ]
Mr. W. SRid he had not so understood the St-
natcr, bat received win pleasure hs exphina-
nat on. One tb n *, however, was cer airily proved
by this spesch, that, in 1824, duung the ex"s*ence
and ful! operation of the Bank of the Un ted Stales,
there was g'eat-r and mure universal o tress—
more stagnation of business—more laborers unem-
ployed, and a greater reduction of wages, ih-m at
the present period. Wage«, we were then toi I by
the Senaior, were at tut "from five to eight dot-
 r  perTOoath," being do greater than in England,
And yet all this occurred when the B*nk ot the
Lni ed Sta'cs had  reached tbe z-nith of Us power
—when ns late distinguished president (Mr  B d-
dle) pres.de I over its operat ons—>vhen it was in
the eghth year of its chartered exi tence—when it
tnjoyed    the    Government  patroncge,   and  re-
ceived   on   deposite   all   the pub ic   revenues,
and  when   not   a   hand   or   voice   vas   raided
against it.   Wheie, then, was its boas'.ed regu>at-
ng  power? where  its  abihyto have prevented,
c reven  mitigated  many degre", the catasir pue
which then overwhelmed us.    And to what, among
other cmsc,  did  the Senab r  ih n a tribute ihe
embanassments (f 182412  It was to ihe "perilous ttse
of faper money ;" find  to th' sime cause may we
juntas truly  irace  ihe pie^ent disas'ers.    Paper
money was  tbe fatal cause of all the dis-asteis ol
1824; it  produced the explt sion of 1814,  of 1818-
19, ot 183?, and of 1839, and will conunue ti prc-
dure her?, as it ever has done elsewhere, periodical
revulsen3, suspension3, atd disiMer«, so long as
the 'ystem is continued.    Eradicate the paper sy<-
tem, and }ou wi 1 remove the great cau'e of all
our evil-; and any th ng short ol ihii w li bo b it
temporary expedients;  resumption  will be but th*
sigi a' fur an t'icr sj«r;en-ioii, U'itil ihe-e rivalsa ns
shall btcrmj annual, and the Sv stem die by its own
hand, the iJeaih ol ihe su c de; or expd aM the pie-
en us  mi tils, dtsroy  the stan lard of value, ton-
veri bank paper into a legal tender, not me-e'y to
ih* Governii en , but to ihe peop'e, and tiuis ovei-
throw  the C< n^t ution, subvert the liberties of ihe
coun ry, a' d the rights of ihe peop'e, and e titli>h
the reign of a bankocr«.cy, more sordid, ruinous
and deíjo i-, thtn thatot any monarch, however
absolute.
But the Senator now asserts, in his explanation,
tha' although there may have betn distress during
career of tee National Bank, jet never during its
existence had we heard ot our dependence upoi
Eiglish banks and r-jrrercy, and the reaction pro-
duced here by their contractions and expan ion*.
The Senator is -nutak'n. Tins same react on of
British pi Wfr upm our p ice^ and out pr i-p'riiy,
was rea-d ot and described in this \e y jear, 1824.
Had I antiei| a ed ihe assumption ot this position,
I cou'd ha e encountered it by extrac s f o n van-
on  speeth s; but t wip be sufhci nt to qu.t<  from
a speech de'iveiel in Corgress in April, 1824, by
the tliUmsutshed ftenator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wf enter ]
H"ie Mr. W. read from Mr. Webster's spperh
of 1621, ns centime I in Giles's Register, vol 26,
page 411, as follows :
"The paper system of England had certainly communicated
an artificial value to propel ty It had encou aged speculation,
and excited overbading When the «fc-ck, therefite, came,
an I this violent pressure for moiw acted at the same moment
on (he continent and in England, inflated and unnatmal prices
coul I be kept up no longei A reduction to ik place, wlnrh
has been estimated to have been at lea«t <qual o a latí of 30,
if pot 40, pei cent The depicsslm was universal, aid Ihe
cliitnge was le t in the Tinted States severe y though not
equally so in every part ot them Tnere ata thote, I am
auare, who maintain that the events to whrch I haieaflu'ied
dlJ not cause the sreot fall of prices, hut thit fall w s ralural
and meviub e,fiom the previously existing state of dungs, the
ahund tnee of commodities, and Ihe want of demaid But that
would orlv prove thtt the efect wai piodtcetl in another way,
rather than by ariirth r cause If thes,e great and sud 'en c ills
fur nwney t\i 1 not reduce p ices, but prices fell, as of them-
8e'vt« to ihi ir n itnri) staif. «till tderisult i* the«ine, for
we peí cene that, alter llic=enew tails form mey, prn.es could
not be kep lo ig-i a' thtir unn itii> ll height
'About the tl ie < f these lore an events, our own bank «us
tern under \entacnarg , an I a 1 thj-e causes in my vien of
the suljj-U, conruntd to pioJure tin gieat « lock wli ih look
p'ace in our colímenla! cities, an I throtuh many parts ol \hf
country     Ihe year 1 19 was t year ol numeiou-^ fai uiei, and
very consuleijb e dis re s and w > il' Inve fii,ri s ltd 'a'-bttter
eroutidá than ex ~i at pre^e it lui that g oi rpy r> ¡> eucntation of
our "-onih on  which  his been presented " Mr Speilctr has
alltldt-d to the «Iron? incunirrntt which ex sis, or has exis'e I, m
various pTrts o( thiMouivry, 11 is i pipu iione),a=t a Dinof
ol sreat evistma tliffi ulties    I repaid it rathir a«i a veiy pro
il ictne cause of thiHO d IFi„ultie,1 ant fie confirm tee will not
lail toob^trvc tltitth re is i  tbH moment,  imuih the loui'est
co np'a tit of distrc ss precis ly vvheie ther  ha<! been the gieat
estat'pinp' to relieve it by sys em^ of pip"rcic(hr     AnJ  o 
the other hand, content, piospeiity, and happi less are most rb
servabie li tho^e parts of the country, wheie thtie ha   b'tn
the least endetvor to adnnni«ter relief by Itw    In triiih, no
thing is so bane lul «o utterly ruinous to all true in Instry, as in
terfenng with the legal value of money or attemptirg to ruse
aitihu I standarJsto btipp'y i b p'ace    Such remedies suit well
ihe sprit of extravagant spe-iilaoon, but they sap the very
loumlation of all honest acq nsiuon "
Many important admissions are here maie by
the Stnitor (rom Ma*sachus3,t'. The disaster of
18Í4 are plainly auribu,teJ by htm chiefly to our
"systems of paper credit," and tie reaction upon
it of '-the paper system of England "   We are dis-
Un-tly tell that cur  pap*r sysiem  haj  traduced
here "artificial" puces and "ext avagant specula-
tion;" thit the same system in England had   ihcre
' "communicated an artifical  value to prope ty, 
and when the shock to k p'ace in Eng at d, prices
, fell there, and the "change was felt in  the United
Stales   severely."     What   change?   Why,   that
1 change and fall of pnces in  England, wh'ch the
I Senator distinctly as<erted was pn ducei by ' those
great and sudlen calls for money." ar s n? out of
ths extractions of the  English  banks,  wh ch re-
acted upon our paper '■ystem, anl finally pr< dated
I here th*1 sime fall of flics and catastrophe wi h
which Fn?land  was first  overwhelmed.      Here,
then, in th s very 'p^ech of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, e'e-'ign d to be read by toe lor a  difier-
en! purpose, the pos lion of the oen tor from Ken-
tucky is overthrown, pnl it is -hivtn that, in 1824,
during ibp c irrax ot tt/e   p wer  ot   the   Natunal
Bank, Ihe then ex s in" caiastiophe was  dis'rely
attributed to the reaction upon  tur  papcr mnwy
ai d p i e-, produced by the eur'a 1 neni ol the Bn-
ttsh  Bank, and ihe (all i f prices fir t in that Em
pire.    But as the S^na'or trom  Mís a hj^ets is
dcvervcdly the  hiahest  autnorii)   with  th'   Whi 
party of tie UniOii, because posseting the gr.'a'e>t
intellectual power, 1 have read  tVs  extract  frcrn
h s speech in lb21, to pr ve tha , d innsr the   rjuit-
e ce and pretende 1 rrgulat ng pov. er t f a National
B'nV, be  dmiit d lha' our papei mmnj sis'em was
the "veiy produciive cause  ol  (a'l out)  diificu!-
ti>s"    Most tru'y d d he then de&( ribe i'   ?s "ut-
terly rumous to a 1  true  ndustr},"  as  ''crr-a'i ig
ait ncial standards" 10 supp'y ilfc pL cc ol t ie ' l -
gal currency," as introducing "the spu,t cf ex ra-
va«ant sp em I at ion," and sapptn? '1 e very ' f mn-
dmens of all honest acqut-min."    Such were the
v e vsof the Semtor from May^achUittt-, in   18J4;
such were tue causes to wh ch  he at nbuted ihe
cata-tropl e t f that period, and did not th<  sane
cause*! produce the came f fftcts here in 1837?
At the spic al session, in Septemte , 18J7, m an
humb'e effort made by me upon tk.i floo •, in favor
of the Independent Treasury bill, with the sp cie
clause, I *s erted the following opinuns upou ttiis
subject, which, in illustration of ihis tope, 1 will
now re?d, as follow*, from that speech, as then
published:
' Yes, the creation of this great bank power, to become the
ally of ihe Br.tish bank and bankers, is mdetd a ques ion not
only affecting the forms ofour Government here, but aques-
t on whether these States shall be lecoionrzed—whether ihe
English hank and us Amentan allies, shall regulate all our
commerce, and the price of ailour pioducts Itisnowb Idly
asked, that England should have a vast ci culation of gold ami
silver, hut that we should have very little silver, andnogold,
and substitute hank paper, controlled by the power which re-
tains the metals. Th it moi ey should be debased in value
here, to entble England to control our busiuess and circulation
—that England imy sell heriniporta here at our paper prices,
whilst she gives for our exports the diminished pnce a is.ng
from a metallic or chiefly metallic currency No nation c iuld
long stand the operafon of tuch a sy-tein, but the exporting
States, the price of whose staple depends chiefly upon rht Eng-
lish market, and not the amount of American papei n^onev,
would soon be reduced toab-olute bankruptcy With the ex-
pinsmn of the paper money here, every article the planter Ut-
sireslo purchase would be enhanced in puce, whilst his cotton,
regulated by the English inaiket and cuiieticy, wuuld rem m
nearly s'ationity; till soon the expense ol raising cotton wo i d
be so greatly in< reased, whilst the price ol the article rema ned
nearly the same, that little or no profit would be denved from
the culture It is not the nominal paper pin es ol pioperty
here that sues leal prosperity to ihe pltn ei, but the nert pro-
fit upon the staple he ra ees, in ralculat.ni; vthici ihe ex| en«es
ol rai" ng thearticle, aiistngliom the pxpinsmn of American
paper money, is pieci*ely s~> fai a dim mi ion ilhu pio&ia.
Vpita the exporting S ates, then, is thrown nearly the nimia
burilen of iln« system Thev partic pa r m all ihe evilapf an
explosion anddunns the expanding process, wlult-t ti e> eivo
m ire for every ar it le connect! d with cot 'ucui.g a plantation,
their gieat s aple experiences no correspondent rise,
beinz governed bv the less indited Euiopean motev
market To illustrate thisposrion, suppose, from the abaeneeof
bank paper, the expen-e in Lteypt, th E is. India , or lliaaii, of
raisin  cotton including ihe interest on capital was one cent
per pound, whilst here, Irom ihe paper expaik-ion, it was six
cents per pound, how long could we wi listand the uiropeu
non, the cotton of all other rountiKS bunging in Europe the
«ame pnce as our own? Is it no-evnien' iluta few yeari more
of expansion of the American paper system would reduce ihe
exporting States to absolute bankruptcy, and the whole coun
try to the mon abject dependence on the money power of Eng-
land selling high her imports here bv the false standard ofour
paper money, and purchasing low all our exports at the price
regulated hy her less inilattd i unentyT In this way, Englard
would vas'ly retard our actual increase ofna'ional weilth, by
sedmg her imports to us at our paper prices, fora vast amount,
aad giving us a less price for our exports, estimated by her
nearer approach to a metallic currency Is u not seen, in this
exchange of impar  for exports, tve get, for th* same money.
