Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX tO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
26th Cowo««"1st Sess.
fewer importa, and England more exports, by the precise ratio
In which imports are raised in price here by our paper money,
and exports depressed by being mea*red by a currency
more nearly metallic; and thus the who;e nation sustains a
gr«*t loa?
'•It would be most curl us and instructive to compare tables
fiom 1 f'JO to the present period, representing the prices current
ofeotton,of domestic produce consumed wholly in the United
States, and the amouut of paper circulation.   Tnese tables 1
have neither had the time or opportunity to prepare; but this
much must be known to eveiy Senator, that as the paper mo-
ney, before an explosion, rose in amount, domestic produce
rose alio, whilst cotton at the same period repeatedly fell,
being regulated by the European money market.   One fact
alone will be conclusive evidence ol the principle, that whilst
from 1815 to 1855 the prices of our cotton, including Sea Island,
averaged eighteen cents per pound, from ths latter period to    I
1835, inclusive, (he average price was less than twelve cents   11
per pound, whilst, from 1815 to 1835, our paper circulation has   , |
nearly doubled.   The price ol our cotton then, instead of aug.   j I
mennng with the increase ol our paper money, has actually  i j
greatly fallen under the operation 'J                                          i
The continuance of such a system renders all the toil, and    i
labor, and products of industry, perfectly useless, lor, when the    I
balance returns in our favor trom abroad, even la gold and ail-    I
ver, it Is only to find its way into ihe vaults of the banks, that
these our paper masters may make these metals the founda-    '
lion of new emissions—new overissue and new explosions.   If
any can doubt this last result, let them teflect upon ihis, which
is a fixed law of the monetary svstem, that when great expan
siona of bankfissues, whether tn the paper of National or State
bantu, takes place here, prices of all products or articles con-   |
sumed here rise also; exports remaining unaffected in price by
this event.   And what follows!   Why tlie valueof money be-    I
ing less here, and  prices higher than in foreign countries,    i
where no expansion of the currency has taken place, the course
of exchanee rises against us in nearly the ratio in which spe-
cie, the universal standard, will buy jnore in the foreign coun-
try than in our own; specie comes not here, for it is sunk here    I
to the level of our yet convertib'e bank paper    But puces of
almost every article being much higher here than abroad, vast
importations, beyond the powei of the country long to con-
sume, necessarily ensue; our bank paper is lorced upon ihe
banks for redemption in specie, to be shipped abroad, where it
is more valuable than here; and explosion soon follows    So    i
certain and unerring is this rule, that instead of there being
written on the face of all our bank notes a promise to pay in
specie on demand, the promise should be, if truth were con-
sulted, not to pay on demand m specie in the contingency abov e
described, and shown to he inevitable."
And have not these views, in 1837, hem all con-
firmed by the new crisis of 1839 ?   Have we not
bad another suspension in the short period cf two
jears ? has it not been the result of our paper sys-
tem and ihe reaciion arising from ihe curtailments
of the banks at home and abroad ? and is it not
tow a question, whether these States ?hall be re-
colonized—whether we shall burn the Declarat on
of American Independence, and for all the purpo: es
of trade and commerce, and in all that concerns
onr industry, be reannrxed to Canada, as a com-
ponent portion of the British realm?   And it ever
has been, and will be, that, with equal advantages,
the paper money country, will be the wretched de-
pendent upm ifce hard money nation.   The paper
system of England is better than oars; their bank
i síes no notes under about twenty-five dollar?,
whilst we descend every where to five dollars, and,
in many States, to one and two dollar notes, ren-
dering the currency almost exclusively of paper.
Oar moneyed system then mu>t, under these circum-
stances, ever be more tremu'ons aRd feeble ih*n
that of England, and hence her p<vwer to deciee a
suspension of onr hanks, and an overthrow of onr
bus'ness, whenever she thinks proper to do so.
Hence, also, the fact stated by ths Senator from
Kentucky,  that the Bank of England torrowel
ten millions of dollars from the bankers of Paris.
This is true, and why is it that England borrows
from France, and America forn England?   It is
caused by the difference of currency. France per-
ra t$ the issue if no bank note under abont ninety
dolare, England none by her bank under about
tweny-five d.liars,   while   we   descend   to one
and two dolar notes   England then  begs fnm
hard money Franca, and we from England.   Ye*,
we beg from ihe beggar, and the bar] money coun-
try being unembarrassed, will always be able to
liian to the raper money nation-, and thus it is, that
Holland, with  her gold and siher currency, loans
to all the  world, and we borrow from all the
world to relieve us as a temporary expe teut from
the wretched tffects of Ihe paper system.   Yes,
the Bank of England, with its enormojs capital'
and backed by the u*eof two hundred millions
of British revenue, became a menóVanl for a loan
in the sireeisof Pars, to save it fr m it evitable
bankruptcy, whilst onr Bank ef the United S a-es
became a reggar from the bregar in the streets of
London, but too late to save her from insolvency;
and such will ever be the miserable and abject
(Jenencenw ppon foreign influence, arising from
Independent Treasury—Mr'. Walker.
the paper money system. It is, in fact, a system
by which we ot America must forever tread upon
a mine of gunpowder, the ma'ch for ihe explosion
of which is held in Ensland, and can at any mo-
ment be applied at her pleasure.
But the Senator sail, he con>idered it as ad-
mitted by t! e friends of the bill, that its effect
would be to reduce the vraies of labor.   No such
adai'si.in was made by me; but I said that the
real value of the wages of labor would be en-
hanced by the introduction of a metal ic currency.
There are two kinds of price', real  and nominal;
and there are two kinds of sales, salts for cash,
and sales upon credit.   Under the paper system
there are no sales for cash, but all upon credit;
either the cred t given t<  the purchaser for his own
note, or ihe notes of a 1 auk.   The sale for bank
notes was still but a sale on credit.   If, on making
a purchase, I give in payment the note of a third
person, it is a sa'e on credit; and it is the same
thing when I   give the notes of a bank.    The
transaction is delusive; it is nominally a sale for
cash, but in reality upon credtt.   By these sales
upon credit, ths n< minal pnces of he wages oí la-
bor are ausmen'ed, but not the real value of those
wages.   The real value  of his wages to ihe la-
borer, consists not in the nominal price piid him,
but in the value of that price.   Thus, if on-? man
in a paper money country receives for his monthly
labor thirty dollars, and il costs him in that coun-
try, from the enhar ced prices of all the necessaries
of life, thirty dollars a month to  surput himself
and family, the real value of his wages is not so
great as lhat of the laborer who may receive, in a
hard   mrney   country,   but   fifteen   dollars   per
month, and   can   with   twelve dollar*   a  month
support   himself   ar.d    family;   and   I   con end
hat    the    expulsion    of bank   paper   will  en-
hance the real  va'ue  of  the   wag^s   of  labcr
It is denied, so far as my knowledge ex end«,  by
no writer on currency, that upon ihe u traduction
of a   paper  currency, wages are the last thing
to advarce, and in the least proportion.    By h3n
the change from a me'al'ic to a paper currency,
the real value of the labor of wage*, is depressed;
and if this be so, how can it  injure ihe 'aborer to
return fiom a paper to a specie currency?   The
reason given by some for this relatively slower
and smaller advance in the wages of labor upon ihe
introduction of a paper currency is  ihü: that the
capitalists who employ laborers, being ftWir in
number,   and more  wealthy and powerful, cm
more readily combine lo prevent a rie in the
wages of labor.   But, although this nrght have
some s'ight temporary effect upon the fir*t intro-
ducticn of bank paper in a country, it appears to
me wholly ln^uffic ent to ace unt for the general
and permanent prevalence of this great piinciple.
The true reason for the rule appears to roe to be
this: lhat the existence of only a sp cie currency in
any country  increases most  in that country the
amount of and demand for labor, by creating mar-
kets for its product, bcth at home and abroad.
The amouut of labor mu«t depend upon the mar-
kets for i's pr ducts.   These markets are first the
foreign, and secondly Ihe dimestic marks t.   Let
us examine the effects of a paper currency, first as
regards    the   foreien   market.     This   currency
enhances   so  much   the   coit   of producing and
manufacturing in the country where it exis s, as
to decrease Ihe amount «f its expoits, and, aho, to
diminish the rrofit* from the «a'e of the-e exports
in a  foreign   market.   With an expanded paper
currency,  will any one contend that we can ex-
port, at a profit, any artie'e to any hard money
country,  wliose soil and climate permit it to raise
pr manufacture the same article; and in re'ation
to all articles which cannot be ra'sed in a country
with a specie currercy, and which we do export
there, onr p'ofit on thofe experts are greatly dimi-
nished, by the increase of expense of ra.sinc them in
a paper money country; and thus, also, subjecting us
to the hazard of being driven out of the market,
or undersold by other hard money countries, rais-
ing ar.d selling abroad ihe same species of exports
produced   at   a greatly   dimini hed  expenditure.
Thus Ihe efiVct ifthepap?r money syst*m here,
is clearly lo diminish exports, and to decrease the
profit of all we do export.   Now what is the effect
Senate.
of the paper system upon the domestic market?   It
is to deprive ihe domestic proiurerand manufactu-
rer even of the  ho ne  market, to  a great extent,
and thus to diminish the amount of the products of
tabo*.    Thus,  uniier our piper system, countries
having a bett°r currency, and manufacturing at a
cheap r rate, are enabled, even in ihe face of  high
lands,   to  monopolise, or   nearly    so,  even  the
domestic  marker, for most  of the  important ar-
ticles ol  manufactute, wheh   they could  not do,
if  we had only a specie currency.     Nay more,
England first purch?ses her*", for instance, the arti-
cle of coiton, payin  a high fieight and insurance
abroad, and a considerable duty upon the import of
the raw material.    She *c i<!«, then, the manufac-
tured co ton goods into this country, pajing a new
freight and m urance, a«id a new and heavy duty
upon thr  import heie, and undersells the American
Citon man ufar Hirer, as  to m >st articles, e7en in
our o.vn markH.     What is the c-su=e?   It is our
miserable pa¡ ersys'em, s > mu^h wor^e than that of
Engl'nd, which so enhances he,e the cost of manu-
facturing, as to sac.ifcce the Ame ican  to ihe fo-
reign  manufacturer.    And  h re, a;a n, tie A«ne-
can ci tton grower is greaily injured, as well as the
manufacturer.    If, with *ur augmented production
of cotton, we de i e it to maintain  a permanent
profitable price, we must extend the consumption
of the minufacured  fabric.   Tnat ccnsumplion
will be greaOy increase 1, by diminishing Ihe ex-
pen e of manufactu'ing the raw mater al, ard thus
cheap ning the price, and thereby extending the
i    n'e, of the manufactu'ed fabrc.   Give us here a
spece currency, and   having   but  litt'e, if any,
frcght or insurance, and no duties to pay for the
raw material, we can supply the «or d with manu-
factured fabrics at cheaper rates   m n  England
could possibly afford to do.    And when we take
inn  vi'pw,  alio, the chFaper ra'es at which we
could then  manufactute, equip  and sail vessels,
we cou'd  put  down  all compe'ition, and exporl
abroad or sell at heme,   not   merely   one   mil-
lion eigh'   hundred thousand bales of American
cotton,    but   nearly   all   of  this   cotton,   which
s now  chiefly manufactured abroa!, would be
manufactured   to   an   infini'ely   greater   extent
at home,   to   ihe  extent,   in  a  few  years,   of
at least one million of bales per annum; mak-
ing thus an  annual difference  in   favor of our
own country of at least fifty millions cf t'ollars.
Ye«, there is no' a plantation or city in ihe South,
net a seaport <r manufacturing village in any of
the Eastern, Western. Northern, or Middle Stales,
that would not feel a new impulse from Ihe adop-
tion of this great system.   We have ihe greatest
natural advantages of any counry upon the fare
of the globe.   We have  the mo't ferule fo 1, the
best climate, the most energetic and intelligent peo-
ple, and   the  freest   Government on eanh,  and
ought to be the roost prosperous of nat otts.    Why
j is it oiherw st?   It is our paper system, that pros-
[ trates Ihe labor ar.d industry of the na ion, that
,   taxes labor and us products, that taxes cur foreign
j   exports nearly one hundred per cent, on tie in-
crea-ed cost of production, that taxes in ihe same
manner the great manufacturing and navizating
interest, that destroys the prifits of national indus-
try, thit t'ecna-es rxir export , deprives us of Ihe
foreign market for n:os'  of the:e exports, ai d di-
minishes   the   profi's   upon   a'l, a d   smenders
the domestic market for almost every product or
manufacture of foreign countres havirg a  b«tter
atd soum'er curreacy than our own.   And all for
what?   To mc ea<e the ne minal fictitious prices
uf sales upon paper cred t, even whilst the system
endures without a shock; but pradneirg over im-
portation here, from OHr inflated .prices anl dimi-
nished exports, creating just ss certainly a demand
for the precious metal i firm abroid, to liquidate
hat balance, thus er^ael  there, for which oar
bank bills are not receivable, and producing peri-
odical ^uspersirns and convuhioos, and   wide-
spread ruin.   And to what end?    Why, that a few
bank stockholder ,  less  than one to one hundred
and fifty of the people, may reap in id'e ess enor-
mous profits, by substituting 'heir fictitious paper
credit in place  of the constitutional currency  of
gold and silver;  and let it be remembered, that
when o*e of these convulsions comes, the demand.
