Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
143
26th Cong«««'1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr.  Colquitt.
H. of Reps.
To me, theiefoie, it has been gratifying to witness
the spirit that has t een manifested by those who have
hi'herto taken par. in this debate; a debate so well
calculated to stir up the bitterest feelings oí excite-
nsnt.   I, too, will gladly follow the generous ex-
ample, by sacrificing uroa the altar of my country
my strong sectional attachments, and lend my aid
to soothe the tempsst that threatens destruction to
the fairest e lifire that human hands ever raised.   I
listened with del'ght to the eloquent strains of pa-
triotism that fell  from  the lip? of the gentl'mm
firm New Yo'k, [Mr. Monroe.]   He spoke the
feelings of a bean burning with love for the insti-
tutions of his country, and I can trust h s sin-
cerity.   But, sir, «h;!e I approbate and cheer his
well told regard fur rights secured   by the Con-
stitution, I must beg leave to dissent from the
node he has recommended, as the one most likely
to qoiet this agitating- question.   We are invoked
not to b'end the question of Abolition wih the
right of pe ition!    We are to'd it is b?st to receive
the petitions and report upon them, and in th s way
sever the questions!   We are told by another gen-
tleman of New York,  [Mr. Granger,] th*  by re-
fusing to receive the peti'ions, we shall drive into
ihe ranks of the Ab-ditionbts many a gallant spi-
rit !   S.r, it is a m s'ak ; hones ly as the sentiment
may have been uttered, it is a mistake.   Tne blend-
ing Abolition with the right of petition is a subter-
fuge to which the Representative has fled, in order
to compromise with Abolition constituent*.    He
and they have made the feigned issue.   The Re-
presentative, too weil informed, or too much devo-
ted to the Constitution of his country, is unwilling
to vindicate the prayer of the petitioners; and yet,
to win their friend-trp.and obtain their suffrage, he
pr>mise« to advocate ther pretensions,  which he
bases en the right of petition.    Here he lakes his
stand, prou ily claiming a hiah constitutional pre-
rogative; passes an eulogy up n the mo'ivee and
characters of the Abolitionists, while he confesses
that   the grantn?    their prayers would   be the
overihr"w t f   ihe Republic.   He   is   opposed   to
trampling down the Constitution, and of bringing
ruin on the country, while they are bent on carry-
ing ont their purpose, reckless to the consequence.
Tne petitioners, yet too weak in most of the dis-
tricts to elect a  Representative who  is willing to
vindica'e the.'r project, must content themselves to
yield their supp* rt to him who in some slight de-
gree, sh*l\ favor their ciuse." While they are  too
weak to elect, they are stroag enough to be courted.
The gallant spiri s which it is said would be driven
into the ranks of the Abolttioni-ts, by refusing to
receive the petitions, are tho-e whose patrio ism
an i integrity are too weak to resist the temptation
to office.    In  those di-tricls where the. Abolition
influence is strong enough, they send Abolitionisms
here, who stand prepared 'o p'ead for the pr.-yer
oí the petit oners, and will vote to carry out their
wishe*.   In those districts where they are not quite
strong enough for thi?, they support such delegates
as answf r th^ir prf sent purposes who deny bein?
About on sts  the-nselves,  and yet,  to retain  the
friendship of this class of th°ir cons'ituent--, pro-
nounce rm this floor h'gh commendations upon
them.    You, sir,  [<o Mr. Monroe,]   with your,
worthy colleague-', coming from the proud city of
New York, cm speak a language much more bo'd
than the gt=nil*m.in who succeeded you in the de-
bate.   You can denounce the threatened ills to
yourcounfy, and with a noble, generous spirit,
throw yourself ¡n the breach, and proudly say in th
midst of the Representatives of the nation, that
if the threatened work of  slaugh'er shall pro-
ceed, if civil war shall be the remit of the mad-
dened efforts of fanaticism, that yonr sword will
be drawn and your blood be spilt on the soil of
Virginia, the place of your birth, battling for her
rishts.   But can the gentleman who succeeded you
[Mr. Granger] use language as bold!   Think you
be would dare, upon th s floor, spiak a language
of rebuke to tVse misguided constituents who gave
bim their snproit, and tell them if they persevere
in their midn^s, that Ma love of country will make
him their i n9 nchingfcti   No, sir; true, he is no
Abolitionist, but be paisista «¡warrantable pane-
gyric opon this favored olas ,. iajstbey are inteUÚ
pnt, they anpatriotie, they «efe* , and chival-
rous; they are such men, if his eulcgy be just, as
friendship would covet,  and the country  teed in
the hour of her peiil.   Wry this d ffVren e be-
tween you and < our colleague?    It is ihe pre of of
the remarks I have been making.   Your constitu-
ency will sustain you in your proudest strains of
patriotism; they send you, as you have declared,
with the o'ive branch, and bid you tender it to the
South; and if I may digress a moment, permit me
to say, that such  a tender, from such hands, sent
by such a people as you represent, will meet the
cheers of the  South.    It is what 1 could have ex-
pected from the generous citizens of the city from
which   >ou   have   come.     Her merchants have
mingled wiih our people; have sha'e I onrfre'id-
ship;and have witness d, in the stillness of our Sab-
bath morns, at the ringing of oar church-bell*,
hundreds of wel'-clad little negroes, cheerfully as-
semb'ing at Sabbath schools  to citch lessons of
piety from the fairest and best of our land.   No
shivering starvebng to arrest your thoughts of de-
voti n, by begeing a pittance to satisfy his hunger.
They know that there is more comfort, happiness,
and religion, among the   colored people of the
South than the Notth.   They know that the rer-
vile hireling of the North is a su! ject of deeper pity
than slave* at the S^uih.    But other gentlemen
cannot, dare not, speak a language so b >ld and
pair otic as you have for yours'If and assoc ates.
They repiesent a constituency who are ignorant
ofourpeopl-; who are deeply imbued with imagi-
native pie ism, and they  must  needs court their
favor to obtain theT suffrage.   The eu'ogy be-
stowed upon this portion of your cit.zsns is unjust.
They are pronounced intelligent, chivalrous, and
patriotic.   Sir, if they are enlightened, if t 'ey un-
derstand the Cons'HuUon of their country,  if they
know that the pillan which support their Gjvein-
ment, are the confi lence and arfeetions of the peo-
ple—then their efforts contradict the idea that they
are patriots, and prove them leckless to the perpe-
tuity  of the U.non.    He is no patriot, no matter
where he live-, no matter whether he claim to be
Whig or Demoara', who disturbs the peace and
tranquillity  of the Government, wars asamsl the
rights secured by its Constitute n, and labors with
zeal for its total subversi n.    And he is scarcely
Jess contemptible for his Jo'ly, if he is a patriot, tcian
criminal for his conduct, if he be intelligent.    Boih
he cannot bp; it is a contradiction in terms.    Cut
we are charged with wishing to deny the right of pe-
tition! and .hat it is monstrous that an American
Congress shall now publish to the woilJ her denia
of this constitutional right.   S r, it is a false issue ;
no sueh denial is made; no'such law i< offered; no
such rule irresolution is prop >sed.   Tne Consti-
tution inhibits Congress from pissing any law to
prevent th; ci'iz^ns from reac<?ably assembling to
petition Givernm^nt.   In oiher words, no riot art
shall be passed, as in England, to be read by fome
ofTWr of Government, compelling ciez ns to dis-
perse, who may have assembled in peace, smar ing
under their wrongs, to petition t< r iheir redrew.
Tais is ihe spirit of tl,e  Constítuinn, the tbject
plainly expres-ed by the article as anvnd-d.    And
jet we are told that, bv refusing t> receive the
petitions,   we   viol ite   th's wholesome article   of
the Consti uiion.   Is   there any   injunction   that
their  petitions, wbei  made,   shall  be received ?
If so, the same cons'ruction -compels you to act;
and if you act, compels yon to grant the prayer
of the petitioners.   Tne reasrn urged for the con-
stitutional   obligation   to   receive   is   claimed as
a consequence upon the constitutional right of pe-
tion.   That the rig^t of petition is vain, unless we
receive !    By the sanr process of reasoning, are
we not compelled to act upon them wrun reeeived,
and to grant their praj ers when we ac ?   If it be
u-eless to petition, unless the petitions are received,
will it not be equally u.'eless unless the prajers be
granted?   The Const tut on is equa'ly as impera-
tive upon us to grant the things for which they ask,
as it is in compelling us to receive.   Would not
the advocates for ths constitutional light of petition
feel fully at libetty to decline being the bearers of
petitions, over which they felt satkfied that this
House had no jurisdiction?   Would they not feel it
a daiy< to refuse being made the instruments of
producing, delay and vexation in our legislative
council, by presenting petitions which they would
not support, and which they well knew would not
and ought not to be grant c"* So might and so ought
each Repre entative on this floor to act, who re-
gards t^ie institutions of his country. Before I
wou'd be made the unhallowtd instrument of intro-
ducinz the brand of discord and the fierre fires of
dissension imo this Hall, threatening dissolution and
ruin, this right arm should fall rotten from its
socket. If each member, in his individual right,
could r  fuse to receive these pt titions, etther deny-
ing jurisdiction, or from a more laudable impulse—
the p3Hce and safety of h s country—how does
it happened that we are charged with infringing a
saced rght, if we do the saine act, for the same
reasons, in our congregated character. Does it
add to the dignity oí an American Congress to say,
that it must rece.ve for consideration every subject
presente', no matter how fruitful of discord,
anarchy, and insub? Do gentlemen flatter them-
selves that tiey are to be estejmed the high spirited
champions of national honor, by forcing upon it
scenes of outrage and confusion. No, sir, it is the
folly of childhood; yea, more, it is the madness of
lunacy, to sport with th; peace, honor, and perpe-
tu U of the nation, under the specious pretext of
establishing the right of pe'i ion.
The ptople nowhere comp'ain that they are in-
terrupted in the free exercise of this constitutional
right! They complain that the South does nit
emancipate her slaves. The Representative insitlt
upon the sacred right of petidon. They peition
that Congress may force slaveholders to set their
ne?roes free. Tae Representative only insists on
the nght of petition. Sir, it is an insult to the un-
derstanding of the House, that gentlemen should
urge us to receive and act upon a subject, which
they at'mtt an unfit subject of legislation. They
male this false issue to secure their elections, and
warn us that if Ihiy be driven from this
s ep stone to elevation, many galhnt spiiits will be
driven into ihe ranks of the Abolitionists; that is,
m plhin language, these gallant sp rits will sooner
join the roa'ldened yells of fanaticism, and raise
a su*)l mated war cry a?ainst the perpetuity and
peace of their country, ihan hazard the loss of
their appointments. On their account, you must
rece ve the<e petitions, and they will most chee-
fully unite in a report setting forth their folly, aud
denying 'heir requirements. I will not indulge
my thoughts of detestation anl abhorrence for this
mockery of piiriiti^m, and hypocrisy el mofa's. I
am fully reminded of a few lines of d ggeral verse,
quoted, I think, by Bulwer, in some degree descrip-
tive of oar present position :
Hark ! in the lobby, hear a lion loar:
Bay, Mr. Speaker, shall we shut th*- door 1
Or, Mr. Speaker, shall w- let him in,
To see how quick we'll turn him out agamí
The Representative from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Biddle] asKel my honoiablecolleigue [Mr.Co f-
er] io turnish hm with argument to combat the
Abo ltionists : that when he was laboring in the
pilitical harvest-fielJ, fndeavoiing to mow down
the noxious growth, ¡hit is, blasting the nation's
ptosperi y, he was met by his declaration: if it be
wrong—if it be uncon-tiutional—why does *0f
Congress tell us so—why not declare by the
voice of her resilutions the impropriety of our
proceedings? which, he ?aid, he could not an-
swer; and b?ged now to be furnished with one.
Sir, I listenei with too much interest to the melli-
fluous accc its of his winning oratory, to believe
he was serious. He is too we 1 informed to need
the promptings of my colleague; he can, if he dare,
base him elf upon the pilláis of constitutional
rights, and with a voic , a m inner, and utterance,
that would siill the turbulence of passion, tell his
Constituents that their inquiry is answtr«A\ H*
eon, if he will, take in bis hands the journals of
Congress of 1790, when Georgia had a wortjjM*
and abler advocate of her rights, ¡h *^|  haw of
Congress, her illostriooj Baldwin, an* JSp *£?*
to a report that tells them ff ^FC3pW  .***
can, if he wilt, tell them, what fclfrlpPSr ?*****
from Ntw York [Mr. GjuKfliM |ÉL>,,*e*ed' that
for twenty-five years p*st,h#v* eWrWflstnoos pre-
decessors received and apted o   <* petUions, and
politely denied tfcyn.   #• «*   «"he wtW>,eU th*m
