Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
145
26th Cono*•••1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Colquitt.
H. of Reps.
has served long, and still is in the service of
his country, should have been pushed aside  at
the Harrisburg Convention, and an obsolete po-
litician  put   in his stead.    No matter whether
the politician here acts from his convictions of duty
or is moved by prejudice or passion, we are satis-
fied that our rights, yea, the Government itself is
endangered, by sacrifices for party success.   The
statesman now  that would   date stand forth to
strengthen the bonds of union, and to exalt and
perpetuate the institutions of bis country, find him-
self fettered by the policy of his party, and isdii-
ven to abandon his purpose, or be branded as a
deserter.    Disappointed ambi'ion, in   its aspira*
tions  for power,   grasps every   instrumentality
within its reach; fans the flames of faction and
discord, and smiles at success, in the [midst of the
ruins of that Constitution which guaranties protec-
tion to   the  person and property of the citizen.
Here lies the foundation of that paper built edifice
of piety and philanthropy,  which is destined at
some future period to be the hall of legislation  for
a large proportion of the Republic.   Here is the
nidus in which is nestled, and bred and born, the
corrupt vermin that feed and fatten upon the vitals
of the Republic.   Designing politicians strengthen
their alliances, by bringing to their support the mis-
guided zeal of religion, and the maddened feelings
of philanthropy.    The Christian  minister and his
flock ars made the unconscious adjuncts of artful
and designing partisans.   Religion, forgetful of her
high and heavenly calling, is made  the polluted
handmaid of intrigue and corruption. The disciple
Christ, who hitherto fostered a meek and quiet spi-
rit, who walked humbly in the fear of God, whose
worship breathed the elevation of the skies, and
spoke a sublimity that made us forget the imper-
fections of earth, now mingles his cries with the
howlings of the mob, and converts the temple of
the living God  to a busy mart for political mer-
chandise.   The spirit engendered  by this mixed
and fac'.ious piety, is unfriendly to genuine reli-
gion, as well as to the State. It moves and prompts
the same passions, which, in other times, have cor-
rodfd, adulterated, and broken down the church.
Frail men make themselves the standards of zeal,
piety, and benevolsnee; pass judgment between
themselves and their opponents; roll the thunders
of intolerance over the heads of those who repudi-
ate their opinions; and in the maddened waitings
of annual petition!1, viitually ask Congress to give
them power to arrest the liberty of private judg-
ment, and substitute in its stead their own faultless
conceptions of duty.   To  these misguided people
psrmit rae to say that Christianity never has, nor
never will, need the support of craft or despotism,
the power of kings, or the arm of the law, to carry
out its benignant precept*.   And every votary of
the cross, who seeks to enforce his notions of piety
by the power of legislation, shrouds in darkness the
bright banner of the gospel, and subjects in its stead
the bloody s'andard of demonology.   History and
experience should «admonish every friend of the
church, if she is to «cert a more general and bene-
ficial influence upon the earth, she must breathe
with her own lungs, speak with her own voice, and
show the eDergy of a pulse and a heart exclusively
her own-   Every intermingling of her purity with
secular interest, sullies her beauty and fetters her
powers.   The merchant of Mecca, who professed
to penetrate the seventh heaven, and brought down
a spark which set the ambition of Arabian bosoms
in a blaze, might deem the sword the only instru-
ment to be trusted for reforming the world.    But
the prophet of God deals with the souls, not with
the bodies, of men-, and wars with weapons not
carnal, in contending w.th spiritual wickedness in
high places.   Madness and phrenzy might mingle
in Moslem warfare, making the question of sana-
tion or damnation lie on the ground between mar-
shalled armies, to be fought for and carried by the
stronger arm.   But with us, Heaven is not won by
thote who  breathe   out slaughter against their
brethren, though  in the midst   of carnage they
should claim to be doing God's service.   Upon
the subject of slavery, Christians of every denomi-
nation, and of every grade of character and talent,
differ in iheir opinions.   Yet they read the same
Bible, worship the same God, bow around the same
10
altars, hymn hosannahs in the same temples, and,
finally anticipate an entrance into the same Heaven.
Wiih these conflicting opinions, who shall deter-
mine the ordiodox creed? Shall the deluded en-
thusiast, whose sum to'al of religion centres in
one single act of imaginary devotion? Shall a
few parchment disciples upon this floor, whose po-
litical power is enhanced by the creed they profess,
shut themselves up in their little munition of
spiritual pride—a city walled up to Heaven—and
with formality unchrhtianize those with whom
they differ? Do they outshine their opponents in
solid virtues, or in amiable and heavenly disposi-
tions? Arc they more free from the common vices
of life—mole pure in spirit—more devoted in
frieudship—or more liberal in their charities, than
those they denounce? No, sir: the South, the slave-
holding, generous South, is the nur.ery for the
poor of all the States; and h r friendship and
liberality are by-words iu those very mouths that
would fain teach her lessons of philanthropy. I
will not descant upon this much abused term, phi*
lanthropy; I have spoken of religion; philanthropy
is but its beam, radiating from its centre, God; it
is but a fold of that mighty mantle of love, with
which Christianity would cover the nakedness of
the world. But, sir, perhaps these conceited de-
fenders of the only true faith, have. an apology
for looking out from home for objects of pity
and commi oration ! Perhaps they have no poor
in their midst—no widow's tears to wipe—no
orphan's cries to quell—no child of sorrows to
cheer—no wretchedness to alleviate—no afflictions
to heal—no nakedness to clothe; but all, all,
through this mighty channel of philanthropy—
from this boiling fountain of benevolence—all have
been made smiling, healthful, and happy. Having
done so much at home, it is not so much wonder
that the circle of their benevolence should widen.
Millions of money may now be expended with pro-
fit, in compensating benevolent editors to trumpet
forth virtuous heroism, to canvass the claims of
candida'es for office, and pour their merciful curies
and phrenzied benedictions upon each and all who
dare refuse to worship the image they have piously
set up in the plains of Dora.
I am departing from my purpose; I have not de-
signed to deal in panegyric or satire. I have no
right to make myself the keeper of other men's
conscience, for if they think it religiously a duty to
bobble the chtckencock, to keep him from gallant-
ing the hens on Sunday, and to yoke the geese to
keep them from going in washing in violation of
the Sabbath; and I should differ with them, and
think it no sin for the gallant cock to flap his wings
and crow upon his dunghill, and the playful goose
to wash and swim in the fishpond, neither ought to
complain; for we are entitled, in this country, to
our religion and oar opinions. The most artful
chain of despotism that was ever forged, was sup-
ported by false notions of duty, and enforced by
those who were to profit by the cheat. There are
multitudes of honest men who are not qualified to
judge properly of their civil and political rights,
and are too often content to surrender their reason-
ing powers to interested aspirants, superstitious fa-
natic?, and pedantic knaves. I wage no war
against thrse who may be! eve slavery a sin; but I
pity their vanity and their folly, if they flatter
themselves they alone are divinely illuminated
that others are in darkness, and musí have their in-
struction. We read of one who was very thank-
ful to his Maker that he was not as other men, but
especially the poor publican; and yet his opinion
of himself was not confirmed by Him who knew
all things. Yet I have no complaints to utter
against the high opinion men entertain of them-
selves; but as a friend of the church, and as a
friend to the peace and happiness of the country, I
raise my hand and voice against enforcing any reli-
gious dogmas at the point of the bayonet, or by
fores of legislation. The evidence we have of the
untiring efforts of the anti-slavery agents, their
reckless determination to distract and iu¡n the
country or carry out their purpose; the assiduity
with which tbey are courted by political leaders,
and the number of able eulogists they have
in the halls of Congress, all speak, with un-
erring tongae,  the   nation's destiny.    The fiery
vapors of war and dissolution are fast gather-
ing on the disc of our political horizon; no cheering
rainbow foretells the abatement of the coming
storm; but every moment the prospect darkens,
and every patriot and every Christian trembles for
the fate of the country and the temple of God. The
public mind is in fearful commotion, and, like the
sea, tossed by a tornado, wave mounts on wave,
heightening and widening at every breath oí the
tempest. It is the high prerogative of a few mas-
ter-spirits here, if they dared to will it, to bid these
proud waves be still. To the in I appeal; and in
the name of the country, the whole country, invoke
them to withhold their firebrands of discord and
ruin. I appeal to the venerable Representativp
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] upon whose
shoulders fell the mantle of a Revolutionary father,
who won and wore, in younger life, the civic
wreath, the highest honor a nation's confidence
could bcs'ow; I appeal to him to withhold the
blow that is aimed at the life-pulse of the. Repub-
lic, and not permit himself to be used as the unin
tentioual instrument of his country's ruin. We
know his sentiments; we have read his letters, and
heard bis speeches; but still, through his advocacy,
this dissension is kept alive; a few more years of
labor in this cause, and the last leaf of the
the laurel the will wither from his brow; and should
Heaven spare him many years, he may yet outlive
the glory of bis country. Your Abolition petitions
will prove, in the end, to be the winding-sheet of
the Constitution. No men, no body of men, could
persuade me to bring into your midst an unfit sub-
ject for legislation, calculated to destroy the har-
mony of your councils, to excite sectional feelings,
and threaten dissolution. Georgia, in whose bor-
ders I have been reared, my own home and the
home of my friends, for whose honor and interest
I would make an offering of my life, even Georgia.
could not force me, humble as I am, to trample
upon my country's Constitution, and sow the seeds
of discord and ruin through the land. My honor-
able colleague [Mr. Cooper] the other day, when
supposed to be departing from the subject of debate,
was illustrating the same feelings I have expressed.
He adverted to the controversy of our State with
the State of Maine, in 'which we should exemplify
our strict adherence to the Constitution; and that,
although our Legislature spoke by her resolutions,
the humble supplicatory language of dependence,
she had no representative here that would echo h-r
voice; but that we should rely with proud confi-
dence on a people that has never faltered, who
know their rights, and will dare maintain them. I
an alarmed for the Constitation and for the fate of
the Republic, bat feel no alarm for the honor of
my State. The infatuated priest may change his
mitre for a helmet, and lay aside his Bible for the
torch of the incendiary, place himself at the head of
an army of crusaders, as bloody as those of Lan-
guedoc, armed with all the authority Congress can
give; and when he thall have completed the work
of reformation, upon which his piety is set, nothing
will be seen, to look out from the landscape—he
has traversed but smoking ruins and ¿a blood-ioj-
den wildernesr.
With this prospect before us, can any man say
that this Government will stand unehaken? that
the alaim cry is counterfeit? that this faction is
powerlass courted and caressed as it is by aspirants
for power? These deluded people, allured by ima-
ginary good, look to no danger—they beat up, for
recruits the pulpit and the dramshop, the elite par-
lor and the dirtv brothel—enlist ihfit quota for the
mighty work of rerorm. If the Constitution is to
be saved—if the Union is to be preserved, there
mast be no giving back upon the part of their
friends. . The silken cord of affection, that binds
the Confederacy, is fretted and weakened by insult.
We are upon the eve of a strogg'e, that will bury
the Government, and the church of the living Gad,
under a mountain of cinders. Let no Southern
man be deceived by the cry of forbearance. Let
no political alliance induce you to compromise
your rights. Reject the petitions, and count him
only true to the Sjutb, and to the Constitution,
who sustains us by his vote. Let none play false
to his duty, false to the interest and honor of his
State, rather than be obstacles to his associates in
