146
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
26th Co «—«1st S ss.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Reynolds.
H. oí Reps.
party. Ask me not what harm to receive and lay
them on the table! It is ao implied acknowledge
meat of the right of jurisdiction; it is the evi-
dence that the fire is not yet extinguished; its
smouldering fumes are an annoyance-, and none can
tell how soon the breath of the faction may fan it
to a flame. It is like subterranean fire; the more
t) be dreaded, as it may burst forth by surprise. If
the isssue must be formed, let it be formed now; if
the crisis must come, let us have it now. Let the
South stand up as ene man, denounced, as we are,
for the want of patriotism and religion. The soft
silken banner of the Gospel, and the broad stripes
and bright stars of the country, both float trium-
phant in a southern sky. We represent a generous
and gallant people, who have never yet trampled
upon the rights of otrtos,and will repel with indigna-
tion, and at every hazard, any unjust interference
with their own.
REMARKS  OF MR. REYNOLDS,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House </ RqprwrUatives, February 8, 1840.
Mr. DAVis/>f Indiana presented a memorial of
a convention of delegates from the States of Ohio,
Indiana and Illinois, held at Terre Haute, in the
State of Indiana, for the purpose of recommending
such measures as may be best calculated to insors
i  the final completion of the Cumberland road, with
| the laast possible delay; and moved that the said
t memorial be referred to the Committee of Ways
Ijura Means.
Mr. Camt moved that the committee be in-
structed to report a bill appropriating $150,000
for each of the States of Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois, to be expended on the National road in
said States, in the year 1840, under the direction of
the War Department; said appropriation to be sub-
ject to all the instructions and conditions of former
appropriations on said road.
Mr. REYNOLDS rose and said: The State
which I have the honor in part to represent on this
floor, feel a deep interest in this measure; and
were I to remain silent on this occasion, it might
be supposed that I was indifferent to the question
now before the House. Oti the contrary, I feel the
most anxious desire not only to do my duty in
this matter, but also to be instrumental, in some
small degiee, in the passage of this measure. It is
one of the most interesting measures that apper-
tains to the people of Illinois, and it is one in
which they have the most entire confidence of its
kuccess.
This is the reason, Mr. Speaker, that I now
appear before you-and this House.
It is extremely unfortunate for me that, every
time I risa to address the House, and that is but
seldom, politics should be mixed up with the sub-
ject on which I feel bound to express my views.
This was the case, the Speaker will recollect,
when I had the honor to address the House on the
viva voce system of election. I regret exceedingly
that politics are now unnecessarily dragged into the
discussion of this question, which is so interesting
to the Western country.
I am not opposed to political discutióos at their
proper times and places. I am not at all unfriend-
ly to stamp speeches,made boldly and openly in the
Western fashion; but I do not approve of the
Eastern mode of bringing out candidates for office
and then the candidates to remain, throughout the
canvass as silent as wax figures. This seems to
me to be a kind of mock modesty, that it is not ne-
cessary or proper to observe. Thus you see I am
not for stiflng discussion.
On a sabject which is of such vast importance to
the West, 1 would appeal to gentlemen to discard
politics from it altogether, and discuss the measure
on its merits alone.   No political capital ought to
be sought for by either party in the ducussion; and
I would suggest to my Western friends whether a
measure they have so much at heart, should be
injuriously effected by dragging it into the political
a'ena.  In fact, it would be good policy on my part
to avoid a political discussion, for I am well aware
that my remarks would appear light in comparison
with the sound and eloquent speech yon have just
heard from the1 gentleman [Mr. Bipdlk] of Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. Biddle explained. He would assurs
the gentleman from Illinois that he would not
have  aid a word on the subject, if it had not been
for the remarks made by ihe gentleman from Indi-
ana, who obtained the floor from the purpose of
making a personal explanation, and .then went to a
defence of the Administration.
Mr. R. continued: I had not intended to say one
word in complaint of the remarks made by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, for whom I enter-
tain the highest respect. Although I have not had
a personal shake hand acquaintance with that gen-
tleman; yet I know well his character, and h ghly
appreciate it.
What I intended to say was to show to the
friends of this measure, the impoitance of Beeping
the question frse from the political conflic's of the
day; yet when I am on this subject, I It el free to
remark, that I am not adverse to the call of pro-
per and legitimate information from the President,
or any of the appropriate departments. It is our
duty to make the call, when it is to advance the
objects of legislation, and in such cai es, it will af-
ford me pleasure to vote for such resolution.
I am not disposed to stifle or [strangle investiga-
tion, when it is proper and necessary to make it for
the public interest. And, I presume, the depart-
ments would be as ready to give, as we would be
a3k, all pioper information.
But suppose, Mr. Speaker, that the appropriate
departments, of Government did not make the es i-
mate for an appropriation to carry on the Cumber-
land road; are we, in that event, to fuld our arms
and sit still? Are we not bound still to do our duty,
and press this measure on the consideration of Con-
gress on its own merits.
Each department and each individual must be
judged by their official conduct. The President
and the Departments, as well as ourselves, will be
judged by their acts; and although the Treasury
Department may net have made the estimates for
the Cumberland road, yet that is no excuse for us
to cease our exertions in this good cause.
I ask, for the Cumberland road, an impartial in-
vestigation, and a discussion on its merits; and
permit me to say that I am friendly to the docti me
that the National Government ought not to embark
in a general system of internal improvements. I
am clearly satisfied, in the main, that is the correct
doctrine. But the improvement now under consi-
deration manifestly forms an exception- all general
rules have their exceptions, and th* Cumberland
road is one in this case.
The National road is the work of the most wise
and talented men that our country has ever pro-
duced. In 1806, under the administration of
Thomas Jeffetson, the act of Congress, giving life
and existence to thia great and useful work, wa¿
passed.
The individuals who established this great im-
provement in the country exercised those enlight-
ened and enlarged views of public policy that will
do honor to them to the latest posterity. This pub-
lic highway acress the mountains, and through the
valley of the Mississippi, will never cea^e to
exit. It will la*t former, I hope, as it is now, a
monument to the honor and glory ol the country.
I presume, at its creation, the rancor of party
politics did not figure large or strong; but the public
utility of the measure guided the councils of iho^e
sages that produced this great work, and in the
same spirit of meekness and forbearance to each
other must we expect to continue it.
That this measure is Democratic, the most scru-
pulous Democrat can not doubt. Jefferson and
the Democratic party were us parents. It is a
pure legitimate child, both conceived and brought
forth in Democracy. There is no excuse that it
is a mongrel or mule breed, and I hope no one
will oppose it on this ground.
This work, having this constitutional parentage,
was fostered and continued on from year to year,
for more than thirty years, down to the present
time. It had been the favorite of the Governmtnt
through the administrations of the successive Pre-
sidents, Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, Adams, Jack-
son, and Van Buren, and it had in the successive
events of peace and war, through this long course
of time, the necessary appropna-ions to continue
is construc'ion.
Its friends, being wise and good men, and hav-
ing united for inch a great length of tims in the
favorable consideration of this road, must give to
it that importance of character which wilt have
great influence wiih the peop'e. The reasons
must be strong and cogent that will justify the
abandonment of this improvement at this time.
The public utility of this work, dunng the expe-
rience of more than thirty years, has confirmed the
ant cipations of its most sanguine friends. No one
doubts it, and no one, who has seen this road, pre-
tends to object to its utility. It connects and ce-
ments t gether remote parts of the Union, and
brings together the Evt ai.d the We>t. It affoicis
to all travellers of every grade and description,
an easy and commo'uus passage over the vat
and stupendous Alleghany mountains.
It is useless to describe these mountains—you
a'l know th^m. Before ths construction of tlm
road, it would appear to be almost impossible for
any animal except the birds of the air to cross
them.
These high mountains, precipices, and deep ra-
vines, nave jielded to the ail and power of man,
and at tlm lime, there is a good road constructed
over them, so that a team can convey acros*
them seventy or eighty hundred in a wagon. This
mprovement is suited to the convenience and ca-
pacity of all to use it    There is no monopoly in it.
is not coin íed to a company, but frte and open
to all mankind, on payment ot a veiy small toll to
keep it in repair.
Mr. Speaker, it would setm to me to be unbe-
coming this great nation, after commencing a work
with serious deliberation, and in obedience to "the
saber and second thought of the people;" and afier
carrying it on for more than thiity years, to aban-
don it. If the improvement were useless, give it
up; but the contiary is proved to be the general
senseofthe community. In what situation will
an abandonment place u 1 Can it be justified by
saving a few dollars? Will not this course not
only injure the substantial interest of the country,
but also tarnish that character j for wisdom and
consistency, which this nation ought, and I hope
will, sustain.
It seem? to me the character and standing of the
nation are pledged to carry out this important
work. There can be no half way with a gr«at
and powerful people. When they decide on a
measure and the same is good, they ought to carry
it out.
Suppose the Government were to abandon the
Florida war, would not our character suffer by it?
I see no great difference in the cases. The country,
in both instances, must be injured by an abandon-
ment.
It cannot be urged that the Government have
not the means to carry it on. The people of this
Government have more wealth among them, at
this time, than they had at a,ny former period. The
resources and true wealth are abundant in the
country. The circulation of bank notes may
not be as pie ty as at some former period-; but
they are not the true wealth of the peop'e. This
consideration can form no excuse, in my opinion,
for the abandonment of this woik, which is of such
gteat public utility.
During the war wuh one of the most powerful
nations on earth, we heard of no Jsuch excuse as
the want ot money to carry on this same work. The
money and other means of the nation were exerted
to the utmost in the vigorous prosecution ef this
war, yet the woik on this road was not permitted
to stop; and, therefore, let it not be said, at this day
of prosperity of our country, that we have not the
means to finish this road, as we contemplated.
Tre faith and character of the nation were
pledged to construct lh s road through the new
Sta'es, os it was located. The impression was esta-
blished anung the people, that it would be con-
strue ed where it was located, which caused many
to settle near it, and thereby the sale of the public
lands wa< accelerated, and the price enhanced.
I ask any candid man, under this view of the
case, if the completion of the Cumberland road
would not form an exception, to the general role,
