148
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26tk Cotfa.......1st
Sess.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Johnson of Md.
Dec. 18S9.
by gentlemen in opposition to it, ana the dexterous
attempts which had been made to sophisticate the
whole question, in order to present it in an aspect
before the country totally different from that which
in reality belonged to it.
The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittin-
d n,] whose example had been followed by the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Southard,] had
denounced it as an unauthorized interference with
the rights of the States, and as calculated to destroy
their credit, and bring about general embarrass-
ment and pecuniary distress in the country. And,
in the first place, he would ask how did it in-
Tade or affect, in the slightest degree, the rights of
the Statesl Had the committee recommended any
measure, or proposed any action, by which their
rights were to be assailed? No, said Mr. B. no-
thing of the kind has been proposed by them, but a
proposition directly the reverse of it. A proposi-
tion of inaction is recommended for the adoption of
the Senate, by which, as a branch of the Legisla-
tive Department of the Government, it declares its
unwillingness to an assumption of the State debts
by the Federal Government.
So far, therefore, from invading or interfering
■with the rights of the States, its tendency was to
protect them against the application of the public
money, by this Government, to a purpose clearly
unconstitutional, and which, if carried out into
practice, would conveit our federative system into
a consolidated despotism. In other words, it op-
poses that scheme, wh;ch, with many other inge-
nious contrivances peculiar to the present day, has
resulted from the modern credit system, and which
seeks to obtain the aid of legislative authority to
plunder the proceeds of honest labor and industry,
and to transfer them to the possession of those who
are not entitled to them.
But it has been alleged that the reference wh'ch
has been made by the committee to the debts dull
from the different States, is an improper interference
with the rights of the States. And from whom
does this doctrine come? Fiom a political party
who advocate the distribution of the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands among the States, which is
but an indirect mode of assuming the State debts—
from a political party, who vote to apply the pub-
be money to works of internal improvement on
(he soil of the States, and who have, under the po-
licy of the American system, assumed to control
and regulate the labor and industry of the people
of this country.
It is very clear, said Mr. B. if these extensive
powers claimed by gentlemen in regard to appro-
priating the public money be correct, that the
power to assume the State debts by the same courss
of reasoning equally exists—a measure, the inten-
tion to bring forward which has already been an-
nounced in the other end of the Capitol, and which
there is too much reason to apprehend will be pressed
upon the consideration of Congress at a day not
distant, by a powerful combination of political and
pecuniary interests, acting in concert, to render the
Government subservient to it? purposes.
Toe very doctrine, therefore, that gentlemen
contend for, in regard to distributing the public
moneys arising from the sales of the public lands
among the States, is essentially a recognition of the
principle of assumption by the Federal Govern-
ment. If, therefoie, gentlemen advocate a doc-
trine which, to a certain extent, contemplates an
assumption of Slate debt1?, and which will be pro-
bably followed by a still mue extensive system,
they surely ought not to complain that the Senate
should inquire into the magnitude of the debts
which they are thus to be led, step by step, to as-
sume. This course results from the very doc-
trines of gentlemen themselves, and if there has
been any inquirv into the pecuniary liabilities of
«he States, it has been invited by those who, on this
floor, advocate measures that, if carried into effect,
are but the commencement of a sjsiem of assump-
tion of State debts by the Government of the
United States.
It was true that gentlemen who had spoken in
opposition to the report and resolutions, had dis-
avowed the intention to support an assumption of
the State debts, and had expressed their concur-
rence in the conclusions to which the committee
bascóme in opposition to such a system of policy.
If gentlemen were really sincere iu their declara-
tions—and it was not for him to question their sin-
cerity—he must be allowed to express his surprise
at their earnest opposition to the adoption of the
resolutions.
The Senator from Kentucky and the Senator,
from New Jersey had denounced the course of the
committee as tending to injure the credit of the
States which were already indebted, together with
those which had authorized loans that were yet to
be effected, and had predicted that the adoption of
the resolutions would produce a rapid decline in the
price of State stocks.and would be followed by gene-
ral pecuniary distress and bankruptcy. What
had the committee said in their report, to jus-
tify suoh apprehension? They had not, in
the most remote manner, called into ques-
tion the entire ability of the States to redeem
all the obligations which they had incurred. They
had referred to the amount due from them, to
show the magnitude of the sum which the Federal
Government would have to assume, if it embarked
in a scheme so mischievous and uncons itutional.
"Why this timid sensibility on the part of gentle-
men, because this subject had been referred to?
Did they suppose that the mere mention of the
amounts due from States—amounts which weie
annually made public by the States themsslve —
could in any degree affect their credit? Gentlemen
had not properly distinguished beween great wealthy
and flourishing States, whose credit rested on
solid foundations, and banking corporations, whose
cipital was often fictitious.
If, said Mr. B. the credit of the indebted States is
afleced at all, it will be not by any thing that the
committee has said in their report, but by the ex-
travagant declaration of bankruptcy and distress,
which gentlemen themselves had indulged in. They
had indirectly impugned the creditof the indebted
States,themselves, by asserting that asimple annun-
ciatien of I his body,'that it would not consent to as-
sume their debts, would tend to discredit them. He
believed, himself, that the creditof the States rested
on no such precarious ground, and that they were
both able and willing to meet their engagements.
Mr. B. said that, so far from perceiving any
thing in the course of the committee to censure, he
saw that ii it which should command entire ap-
probation. They had exhibited, with an ability
which did them great credit, the pernicious conse-
quences that would result to the country from the
assumption of the State debts—a measure which
he would say, if it should be at any time adopted!
would not only be fraught with incalculable mis-
chief to the country, but would prove dangerous to
the existence of the Union itself.
SPEECH OF MR. JOHNSON,
OF MARYLAND,
In the House of Representatives, December 19, 1839—
After Mr. Wise concluded his main speech on
the subject of the right of the New Jersey members
to the seats claimed by them, at the end of which
he had moved the Precious Question on a pending
proposition—
Mr. WILLIAM COST JOHNSON saiduhat
he had given notice to the Hou-e this morning,
when he withdrew hi  point of oider, that be
should take the earliest moment to renew it. He
would real it again for the information of the
House.
"The Speaker of this House ¡s bound by the
laws of the United States to administer the oath of
office to each member who presents himself and
has a regular certificate of e'ectiou, at'esled in
comformity with the laws of New Jeisey and the
Constitution of the United States."
[Several member  here rose to a point of order,
by stating that the motion for the previous question
was not debatable ]
The Speaker decided that the previous question
admitted of a limited debate, but not, however, so
as to touch the merits of the main question.
Mr. Johnson said that he maintained that b's
question was one of privilege—a quest'on alwavs
in order—one of the highest dignity, and rede over
every other question.
The Chair said that he was reluctant to inter-
but felt bound to enforce the general par-
many members
and
pose,
hamentary law.
[Much confusion ensued,
rose to points of ordtr.]
Mr Johnson said that he had not yielded the
floor, and that he could effect his purpose as well
by raising a point of order in a varied form, which
he had reduced to writing, and would now send
to the Chair, and withdraw his first:
"A motion to take the previous question is not
in order until rules (or the government of the
House are adopted; nor  hile there are member*
of Congress who desire to be sworn in.
Mr. Johnson maintained that a motion for the
previous question was wholly inadmissible in the
present incomplete organization of the House.
No rules had yet been adopted tor its organization.
The previous question was unknown to the old
parliamentary laws. It was a refinement of
modern usage, and always a tyrannical exercise of
power which a majority would use, and most
frequently abuse, to oppress a minority. Rather
than a rule of the general parhamen'ary law, it
was an exception to the general law, andtherefuie
could not be rightfully enforced in the present
condition of the House. But be did not re-this
point of order w holly on the inadmissibility of the
motion for the previous que-tion; but the point, 1 e
humbly conceived, could not be contested, tnat no
business could be done, no question whatever
could be taken, when there were members waiting
ready to be swtrn m. This was a question which
went te the Constitution and the laws of the
United States. No arbitrary rules of this body, or
of the general parliamentary law, could be quoted
to overthrow an institution which some of the
members had sworn to support.
Mr. J. feared that John Randolph had spoken
too truly when, with his sagacious mind, he had
penetrated the future, by judging of the past, and
said that the time was not distant when a member
of Congress would be called to order for referimg
to the Constitution of the United State. What wa 
prophecy is now sad reality and truth.
He maintained that it was incompetent for the.
House to consider any proposition whilst there
were members waiting ready to be sworn.
[Several members here rose to points of order.]
Mr. Campbell, of Tennessee, said that, to
relieve his friend [Mr. Johnson] from the repeated
interruptions of some members, he would move
that he be permitted to proceed.
The Speaker then put the question; which was
carried by a large vote without a division.
Mr Johnson resumed, and said that he returned
his most cordial acknowledgments to the House
for their manifestation of respect, and should Dot
abuse their kindness by a long speech. The petty
interruptions which he had received had annoyed
the House quite as much as ihey had bim. He
saw how uneasy some gentlemen were when he
alluded to the Constitution which they had sworn
on the holy Word of God to support. His pur-
pose was less to address the Hou¡re than to addre s
the Speaker, but he hoped he would have the
attention of all.
Mr. Johnson said that he maintained that the
resolution and motion of the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Wise] was wholly out of order
and inadmi sible, that, by ihe long mid uniform
usage of the Hone, by the laws of the Stales, by
the laws of the United States, and by the Constitu-
tion ot the United States, the Speaker, he insisted,
was bound to swear in all members who came to
him to be sworn bearing evidsnee in conformity
w,th the laws of their own States that they had
been duly elected as Representatives in this House,
that the Speaker had no discretion in this matter,
under the high obligations he had assumed to the
House, to the Constitution, and to the couatry,
which he [Mr. J ] would endeavor to demonstrate.
He said that, before he would proceed to give
his reasons for the position which he had assumed,
he would take occasion to siy thit he wu-hed to
impute nothing improper to the course which the
Speaker had iak*n. It was well known to him
(Mr. J.) that the Sf eakcr had been called unexpected
ly u> preside over this House. The thought of
being elected had perhaps not occurred to him or
