Dec 1839.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
26th Cong.......Ut Skis.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Mams.
H. of Reps.
I will refer to authority, for I fear aigament will
be less convincing.
In Baldwin's Report?, p?ge 78, in the case of
the Unit-d Sutes vs. Wilson and Porter, in the
Circuit Court of the United States, it was decided
that " A pardon granted by a Governor of a State,
under its great seal, is evidence, perte, without any
furher proof."
With all the investigation which has been be-
stowed, not a íingíe case has been presen ed where
the individual who has the legal ev.dence of his
election has not been allowed to occupy his seat
until the particulars of the election could be inves-
tigated. Not a s'ngle case can be found in this
ountry or in England.
I will read a case from Jacob, which has not
been read, and which meets the question before
the House, and before you, Mr. Speaker, in every
particular:
"In 1640, it was ordered (by the House of
Commous) that where some are returned by the
sheriff, or such other officer, as by law hath power
to return, and o'hers returned by private hands,
(as has been done here,) in such case those return-
ed by the sheriff, or other officer, shall sit until the
election is quashed by the House."
What stronger proofs can be offered? What
mind, unles it is predeteimined, can hesitate a
moment in declaring that the members from New
Jersey who have the certificates should instantly
be sworn in?
Mr. J. said he wou'd not appeal to the members
cf this House, for he apprehended it would be
useless.   He could not appeal  to those who, on
former occasions, had so loudly advocated the rights
of those who held the certificate of election, and
who had so suddenly, on this occasion, reversed
their former positions it were useless    Nor would
he appeal to some who were alwa)s dwelling on
State rights.   No; he would not; ft r State rights
had become, w.th many, a catchword—they used
it most when they mo-t abused it.   State rights
would be  (he said) in a deplorable condition if
thíy res ed upen some of their profes-ed fr.ends
for support.   He would not speak of the motives
of any member, for it was neither his privilege
nor his right to do so.   He would, however, sta'e
that he generally adopted  the rule laid down   by
Junius in his letter to the  Rev.  Mr.  H^rne: "Tu
judge of the integrity of men by their cjnduct, and
not by their professn ns." Bui h« would say, if the
New Jersey members were net received pn mpily
as the   RepiesenUtive.*—the   nvmsters  of   their
Stale—she could well consider herself as expelled
from the Union, an I she would have a perfect r ght
to withdraw all connection from the Government.
She would have a perfcet right to send her agents
to negotiate elsewhere.   Had such treatment been
inflicted on some of ihe states of the Union in times
not long past, such would have been the result.
But it is you, Mr. Speaker, that we look, to prevent
this injustice to New Jersey, this infraction of the
laws.  You derive your power, Mr Speaker, on the
subject, (he would repeat again,) not from  this
House, but from the law.   The House but elects
yon.   1 he law invests you with pow  r, and power
to execute the law.   This House may elect youx
as it has elected a President of the United States.
He does not, for that reason, appeal  to this body
to ask its opinion upon bis duties.    He appeals to
the Constitution ai¡d  the laws as the íu'eof his
conduct.   The • Constitution   and the laws have
defined yonrdute*.   The law—not this House-
says you shall swear in the m mbers who present
themselves to be sworn in. The New Jersey mem-
bers havs presented themselves.   I am authtrized
frcnithemtosay that they are now ready to re-
ceive the oath from you.   The Constitution, the
law of the United S'ae?, and the law of New Jer-
sey, are for the time suspended.   You can give
them vitality and acton.   And I repeat, that the
law of Congress, made in pursuance of the Con-
stitution, and to cairy the provision of the Csnsti-
tution into full force, and the law of New Jersey,
made, also, in pursuance of the Constitution and
by its authority, to give it efficiency, are as bind-
in* upon you and the members of this House as
if they had been written in the Constitution itself,
and bad been made a part of that organic Jaw.
Mr. J. said that in concluding h s remarks,
which he had extended, he fearer), to too great
length, he «onId say that if the Speaker viewed
this subject in the same light in which he d d,
he would not longer hesiiate to administer the
oath to the members from New Jersey. He hoped
that Ihe Speaker would calmly examine the law
and it« philosophy, and relieve the House from
tins protracted discussion. The unprecedented
condition in which the House had been placed,
and the countiy, required of the Speaker to exercise,
rigidly and fearlessly, all the powers with which
the Constitution and the laws had invested him.
Say to the New Jersey member?, come forward
and receive the oath. Hold up to the country
the laws and the universal usage, and you will
receive the thanks of ihe nation. You will receive
the ie.^pect and admiration, in a little while, of
these who are now prejudiced by the warmth of
par.isan leelings. They will, in their calmer
moments, be as ready as any to justify and com-,
mend the act.
Swear them in before the House take a vote on
the question. If this question is decided not by
the law and the usage, but by a vote of ibis House,
the example will be mischievous, the precedent
will be fiaught with psrinanent and abiding evil.
It will open a door in times to come, when parties
are excited, and the nation convulsed, which will
easily lead to the total overthrow of the Constitu-
tion and the Government. The crisis now requires
moral fortitude, a firm and fearless reliance on the
laws of the nation.
S r, (said Mr. J.) when but a few years ago the
question of nullification was extending from the
South to the Nrrth, fast, wide, and wildly, many
p 'liiicians, some with pure, others with designing
motives, caused a dinner to be given in this cry to
forward ihe fte'iag, and to commit President
Jack on to ihi doctrine. When, by the previous
concert of a few leaders, toast af er toast was
offered,;speech after spe?ch was made from able
men S3'ected for the purp 'te from various points
of the Union, when the feeling termed to be
spreading with electric contagion, when all eyes
were dnee'ed to Gen. Jackson with the confi-
dence ot ardent hope, it was at that moment that
he roie, with a fiim and noble grandeur, and pro-
clairard amidst his devoted friends, "The Union—
i' must and shall be perserved." Ther* was a
mora' sul limiiy in the act, which gave us much
lustre to his character as his proud victory at New
Or'eans.
AdminU'er the oath to the New Jersey Repre-
sentatives, fi.>r you a'one possess the piwer and
the right, and you will heal ths breach which has
be'ii made in the Constituían and the laws. Do
this duty fiimly and quickly, and (Mr, J. said) my
life on it, the warm greetings of your magnani-
mous constituents will thantt you, every friend
of the Constitution every where will thank you,
posterity will thank you.
SPEECH OF Mr. ADAMS,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House of Representatives, Wednesday, December
20,1839—After a long and somewhat stormy pre-
liminary dispute on questions of order, and the
puoriiy  of business—
Mr.   ADAMS rose and addressed the House
nearly in the following words*    It i-, n/>t my inten-
tion  to   trepass upon  the   p tience
by occupying much time,
which I go is th.s.    It is
which wa? made as a point o
man from Maryland, [Mr.
namely, that this House can
business whatever unt 1 all it
swoi n.     I b( gan by reading
reserved it for another place,
States.    [Mr. A. had quote
which provides a3 follows:
Sec. 2. Jind be it further^.acted, That at the
first session of Congress after every general elec-
tion of Representatives, the oata or affirmation
aforesaid shall be administered by anyone member
of the House of Representatives to the Speaker,
and by him to all the members present, and to the
the House
The Ar.t point to
le same in substance
orde/by th'* genlle-
W. ffosT Johnson,]
d to no other
mejnoeri have been
out/of time, for I had
hi  law of the United
*e statute of 1739,
Clerk, previous to entering on any other business, and
to the members who shall afterwards appear,
previous to taking their seats.]
I say that this law is now binding, but, preced-
ing that, there are some provisions of the Con-
stitution to which that law applies, and to which
it will be necessary for me to refer. The first is
this:
"Representatives and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned among the several States which may be in-
cluded wnhni this Union; according to their
respective numbers."
Then follows thp manner in which the num-
bers shall be determined.
But, as I presume the words of the Constitution
n this passage are in the minds of all gentleman, I
will read no further, but will state that it was then
declared that New Jersey s'iould have four Repre-
sentatives in this Hoase; that a census should be
taken from ten years to ten years; that each State
should have a representation according to its num-
bers ascertained by the census; and that imme-
diately after the last census of 1830—that is, on the
22 of May, 1832—an act was passed for the
apportionment of Representatives among the
several States, according to the fifth census, which
provides that the House of Representatives
shall be composed of one Representative to every
47,700 persons in each State; and it goes on to
specfy, "that is to say"—an I then follows the
specific number of Representatives for each State,
of which it declared that New Jersey shall have
six. Now I say that the House of Represen-
tatives is not, in the sense of this act, "composed"
until new Jersey have six Representatives on this
floor. 1st aside the act ot God which has
deprived my State of one of its mo>t valuable
Representative*; I set aside the act of God by
which one of the Representatives from New York
was prevented from att nding here by a deep
domestic afflicion; and I set aside another act of
God by which one of the members now in this city
has been disabled by bodily indsposition to attend
here in his place. And must I set aside another
privaticnot five members?excluded, not by the
act of Gi d, not,by the neglect of the people of New
Jrr.-ey, but the arbitrary decision of less than a
majority ot this Honse, that five more gentleman
who presented themselves here as five out of the six
Representatives to which the law says that New
Jersey shall be er. tit led in this House, have been
virtual'y shut out and excluded from it. This is
the Constitution. This is the law. I have read
them both. The Constitution says that New
Jersey is always entitled to have in this House a
certain number of Representatives in proportion to
her population. A law of the Un ted States, un-
repealed, and therefore still of binding force,
says that after the year 1832 ihe House of Repre-
sentatives shall be composed ot a given number of
Representatives, six of whom shall be from New
Jersey; and I ask whether this House of Represen-
tatives is so composed? And, if it is not, whether
it is a constitutional and legal House of Represen-
tatives till it shall be?
But in answer to this question it may be ssid,
and it has been said, there are others who claim
to be Representatives from New Jersey. Now
the Constitution says that each House of Congress
shall be the exclusive judge of the elections, re-
turns, and qual fications of its own members; and the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Pickens,] a
few days ago, with extreme ingenuity, (an .ngenui-
ty which I could not help admiring, whatever
other sentiment it might have occasioned in my
mind,) called on us to analyze this provision, and
said that in it were contained three distinct rights:
first, the fight of judg ng on the election of its
members;secondly, oí judging of the re'urns of their
election; and, thirdly, of judging of their qualifica-
tions. The course of the gentleman1* argument
it is net Becessary for me now to follow; but ini .bis
clame of the Constitution there.is one word or
which he took no notice, but which I now ask nun
to analyze, and ask this Howe to analyze, and
that is the word Judok. Now, in ™*!™f ¡">
word judge, I propose to ask, first what it im-
poru/anaVsecoodly, why it was inserted. And in
the fost place, I say that tbp word "judge," as
