155
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 1839
26th Coi G"*«1st Sess.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Mams.
H. of Reps.
here employed in the Constitution, implies a trial,
implies parties, implies a contest, implies evidence,
ana a law according to which the judge is to act.
The Constitution of the United States has not said
ihat the House of Representatives shall have
arbitrary power to exclude or to erpel any member
from its Hall, and from all the rights of a member
of the Hon*e. It does not say that the House shall
possess the arbitrary poAeertodo this, but it says
that this House shall have power to judge. And
how? Not by its mere arbitrary act; not according
to the simple fiat of the majority. No. The
authority conferred is a judicial authority. Now
I ask, in the second place, how it has happened that
such a provision is inserted here, in an instru-
ment which is founded on the principle that the
legislative, jadicial, and executive powers of this
Govenraent shall be kept separate-, that the legis-
lative branch shall exercise no judicial or execu-
tive power; that the judicial branch shall exercise
no executive or legislative power; and that the
execuuve branch shall exercise no legislative or
jndicial power. That is the great, the high, and
solemn principle on which this Constitution of the
Union and all the Constitutions of the States are
founded. Now, if in such an instrument we find
one exception in which express judicial authority
is conferred on the legislative branch of the Go-
vernment, I a*k, why has this been granted' Was
it that this House might exercise its fancy, its
caprice its party prejudice, its injustice, and thus
expel any of its members at pleasure? No. The
House most act a judicial capacity; it must pro-
ceed on a trial, in which there are parties, in
which there is evidence, and solemn argument upon
the evidence,
But there is another power conferred on this
House by the Constitution, and that, I must admit,
is in a considerable degree discretionary.    The
power is absolute in itself, and this Constitution
has not said for what it shall be exercised.    But
when this power was given, did the authors of this
instrument suppose ii would be attended with no
dangei?   Far from it.   And the proof is found in
the fact that, in this one instance, they dissolved
tb.it great and almost universal law which requires
that legislative bodies shall decide by majorities,
and have required the consent of two-thirds be-
fore this power can be exetcised—I  mean   the
power of expulsion.    There must be two to one
before any   member   can be expelled from this
House.   That is the caution and the guard nnder
which alone the Constitution authorizes ns to ex-
ercise a power so tremendous.
Now, then, let us for a moment inquire how this
stands.   In oar proceedings within this Hall, when
we were  in an informal and unorganized slate
—when not a member had been sworn to the
faithful performance of his official duty, less than
a majority of this body, amere tie, and that in a
House not composed according to law, did decide
that five members who were requisite to the com-
position of the House, should not be allowed to
voir -   What was the effect of snch a decision?
I say it was a virtual expulsion r f those members.
If was the same thing as if the House; hy a simple
majority, and not even that, had quoted that five
of its members be expelled.   Here, then, was an
act done by less than a majority, for which the
Constitution requires a vote oftwG-third--.     I say
that the effect of this act of less than a majority is
precisely equivalent to the expulsion quoad hoe of
five members who formed a part of the composi-
tion of the House.   I say it was an act which this
House has no po#er to perform—that it was un-
constitutional, illegal, null and  void; and I  vouch
the Consimtion and the laws of the United .States
to prove ir.   What is the next consequence which
follow?, ifthis be legitimate?   It was this unform-
ed,  unsworn, unorganized body, not composing
a[Ilome of Representatives which had in its bands
a discretionary power to expel any one  member
who happened to be obnoxious to one-half of the
members.   I say, that body had no power to pass
such a vote, and further Isay, that ibis body has
as little.   What must be the consrqueneé.il such
a doctrine be admitted?     Supposing this body in
its present state be a House of Representatives,
which I say it is not so long as there are five
members duly commissioned and claiming seats
who are excluded (rom it—still the remainder has
no power to declare that they shall not vote; it is
unconstitutional. These men have the same right
to vole which you or I have, or any other nvmter
of this House, and the House cannot divest them
of lhat right. This House has no power to say A,
B, C, and D, shall not vote. If it has the tight to
say so respecting these five New Jersey members,
it may say the same respecting all others, for
these stand on identically the same ground with
all other gentlemen here. If you say yon have a
right virtually to expel them, you have the <=ame
right to expel any other member, and then we
are come precisely to the case referred to yesterday
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] and
the account of which he read to the House—
the case of Oliver Cromwell, when, by the agency
ofacleik, he excluded from the House of Com-
mons all the members of the Pailiament of
England except tur-h as he esteemed the righteous
and the godly. There is not a hair's breadth
between that case and ours; and the tenant of the
White House may, with the help of this precedent,
send down to us a minnte of those who, ia his
opinion, are the righteous and godly members of
the House of Representative?, with an order to
tnrn cut the rest.
And now to comerto the position I take, namely,
that the 6ve members appealing herp with creden-
tials from the Governor of New Jersey have the
same right to sit and vote wi>h every other mem-
ber of this House; and in support of that po*i ion I
refer again to the Constitution, to the law, and to
immemorial usage without one exception. The
question as to the first right of any member of this
House to take his seat, subject to a subsequent
inquiry and decision by the House as judges, is
founded on the evidence which he produce of h;s
membership. And what has been this evidence?
It has been such as is prescribed by ihe laws of
the several State-; in general, it is the signature of
the Govirnorof the State; the very hii hest authority
known in all courts throughout the world; the very
highest evidence of all documentary acs. I have
heard much said here about the broad seal, and
gentlemen have argued about the broad seal as if its
virtue was in itself: we have heard of the great
seal of England having been thrown into the
Thames by James 11, and that the cone'u*ion is,
therefore, no credit is due to broad seals—that h
the logic. But it is not the broad seal "Itself, it i^
the principle, which lies under it, that is to be look-
ed at: which, by the laws of all States and nations,
renders it the highest evidence known among men.
The seal itself is nothing. The power which cre-
ated can change or break it at pleasure; but its
admission as authentic proof of record by the uni-
versal consent of all nations; this it is wlrch gives
it value. It is a question for the States whose seal
is set aside. If, by any act, you show contempt
of the seal, you show contempt of the power from
which it emanates, and of the law of nations.
That is the principle; a principle founded in reason,
founded in humanity, and necessary between na-
tions. I hope it is not to be affected by the sinking
of the broad seal of England, or its being carried
away by a tyrant. In this contempt for brt ad
seals there seems involved the principle that, when-
ever images or statues are held sacred, the sanctity
lies in the marble and not in Ihe god represented
by it. It is not a question here how many inches,
or feet, or yards, or acres, a broad seal may cover;
that is not the question: but the question is, wheth-
er, by your act, yon will set aside the highest evi-
dence any State or nation c an produce. It is not
a question of a broad seal; but it is a question
whether the sovereign State of New Jer.-ey, speak-
ing in its own forms of law, in the most authentic
form in which it can speak, according to the laws
not only of this, bat of all nations, shall be buffet-
ed and kicked out of this House. That is the
question. Now, I say that, by the Constitution,
by the law, and by immemorial usage, not only
between the States of this Republic, but among all
civilized nations, these five commissioned members
have produced to yon the highest proof possible of
their membership, and that you cannot reject them
without rejecting the evidence they have produced.
Now, it is said against all this that there is a
suspicion/ a suspicion of fraud. Of f i aud? Where?
Offraudinthe application of the broad seal? Of
fraud in the evidence? Of fraud in the art of the
Governor of New Jersey' No, there has not been
the slightest intimation of snch a thing; but behind
Ihe commission theie is a certificate of one who is
not a ceitdying officer known to ihe law, a certifi-
cate not sworn to, that in the election there was
fraud. That is a suspicion. Well, and is there
not another suspicion'"' Ir there not a suspicion
that in that very majority which he cer.ifies, there
was fiaud by the admission of illegal voters'?
And such fraud as will change the majority'2
Have the gentleman'.-: suspicion-: settled between
these two? No. I know there ir too much justice
here to settle on any such induction. That is to
be settled when this House come5 tc act as a judge
ihe proper time and place.
[Mr- Duncan here interposed- Ha?, the gentle-
man 3ny allusion to me' Loud and general
laughter.]
None at all. Not the least. None whatever.
[Here the Hall resounded with shurts of merri-
ment.] For my own part, I do not know which
of ihf.e suspicions is founded in truth, and Which
nor, or whether both may not be. I cannot "=ay
whether there has not been fraud in the returns, or
fraud in the voter?, That wp are hereafter to de-
cide in our capacity of judg--, and not by thepreced-
ing will and pleasure of the House. That is a
question for hereafter; tut, ¡n the meanwhile, does
that suspend the right of a member to be sworn?
The principle and the practice in such cases have
always been to receive those bringing regular
returns of election according to the Constitution
and the laws, to admit them in the first instance to
their seats, and then, as jndges, to deride upon the
whole case. I commiserate the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Dromgoolf,] who rummaged a
large volume of contested elections, and in all that
record could not find one single case which did not
make directly against him, (as has since been fully
proved) An authority has been read to us res-
pecting the practice of theBiitish Parliament from
Jacob's Law Dictionary. I have a higher authors
ty—the authority of Blackstone, speaking in his
Commentary. In the chapter which speaks of
the manner in which elections shall be held in
England, Judge Blackstone says—
'The election being closed, the returning officer
in boroughs returns his precept to the sheriff, with
tie persons elected by ihe majority; and the sheriff
re urns the whole, together with the writ for the
county and (be kivghts elected thereupon to the
clerk of ih« Crown in Chancery; before the day of
meeting, if it be a new Parliament, or within four-
teen days after the election, if it bean occasional
vacancy, and this under penalty of ¿500. If the
sheriff r'oes not return such knights only as are
duly elected, he forfeits, by the old statutes of
Henry VI, ¿100, and the returning officer in
boroughs, for a like false relurn,¿40. And they
are besides liable to an action in which double
damages shall be recovered by the latier statutes of
King Wilhara, and any person bribing the return-
ing officer shall also forleit ¿300. But the mem'
bers returned by him are the sifting' members, until the
House cf Commons, upon petition, shall adjudge the
return to befáis* and ti/egrt/."
There is the law of England. The return can-
nt beset a*ide even when the sheriff has been
bribed. The sheriff is punishab'e for his villany
both to the public and to the individual who may
suffer by it; but, nevertheless, the member rt turned
is the sittii g member till the House on trial shall
adjudicate the return to have been false and illegal.
Here I re&t my case—the case of our five
associates who have claimed to be sworn at that
table, and I here challenge and openly defy any
and every member of this House to point me to
one single principle of the Constitution, of the law,
or of immemorial usage, which shows the contrary,
and gives this House iola of right lo deprive the
people of New Jersey of their full representation
in this House.
When ihe New Jersey case aro«e more than a
year ago, and that became pcobable which has
since happened, or rather when that was most
