Feb. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
Pension Bill—Mr. Holleman.
H. of Repsi
perty doubted He who holds cash, or rs equivalent in notes,
bonds, or stocks, will be able to buy double the amount ot pro-
petty with it, and will therefore have its value doubled on his
bands, for, while wages And property are to go down, money is
to go up in the same ratio
It the triends of the bill have given to it a true construction,
U isabillol privileges to I he nth, but a scourge to all others
What is the debtor portion of the public^   Is it so msignifi
cant as to be disregarded!   Sir, I will venture to asseif that the
■ amount of existing indebtedness in any commercial country is
nearly, il not quite, equal to the value ol all property in that
country, whether it be uch or pool, prosperous or unprospe-
rous, and you cannot change, to the extent gentlemen have sup
posed, the relation of debtor and creditor, or thus diminish the
resources of the debtors without a crash, a waste, and desoía
uon suchas has never been experienced    Suppose a man has
purchased (MO 000 worth of properly at present prices, and
given his bond for it, you reduce its value one half, and it is
worth *3.000    How is it possible that, with lesouices thus re-
duced, most debtors can ever paj 1
But, sir, you cannot maintain a state of things such as has
been supposed    \ou may embarrass and distress us as you
have done, but this bill will, in the end, work out no such ad
vantages as are anticipated tor the planters    The theoi y con-
tains in Itself a principle that will defeat the end in view     Go
on, sir, il you please,andso legislate as to bring to the cotton
planters the extraordinary profits anticipated, at the expense
ol the other branches of industry, how long will it be before
that pursuit will be overloaded  with competitors, till the
market will he inundated with cotton, and us price fall just in
the ratio you have stimulated its productions?   Down it will—
dawn it must, by the 1 uvs of trade, come to a level with the fall
of other productions    And what will be gained by the whole
procesal   Nothing, absolutely nothing, except that it will take
moie of our labor and more ol our productions to buy foreign
merchandise, our earn will turn literally into a loss.   This is
capable, I think, of demonstration, if it does not already suffi-
ciently appear, but I have no tune to enlarge, interesting and
all important as tbe-u^ct is
What motive can v.e have, sit. to reduce wages and the va-
1 te of property! When did the sun ever shine upon a labor
lag people so blessed as thote ol our country have been1
Where have they ever been able by industry to feed, clothe,
and educate themselves so well? The history of the world
proves nothing more cettainly—nothing with clearer demon-
stration, than that where wages are lowest there is the great
est poverty and suffering, there the condition of the laborer
is most forlorn and wretched, there is the least moral and in-
tellectual culture, and there our race is sunk into the depths
of political degradation, incapable of raising itself to that lofty
elevation attained by a free enlightened people, capable of
giverning their own affairs It tends to the opposite of every
thing dearest to us for the descent will carry with it not only
wages, but all the high qualities which fit us to be what we
are—free and independent. 1 his is a sufficient answei to all
t íat can be said upon the subject
Such is the remedy for the disease which afflicts om coun-
try, and while Us advocates shadow forth its evils far beyond
any conception of mine, if the bill be cained into effect, as has
b;eo proposed here, I muse confess that I see in it nothing to
s «the or relieve the public—nothing to restore confidence,
which 13 the great and desirable end—nothing to avert future
panics—nothing 'o stop this scramble alter the gold and sil
ver going on between us and other countries—nothing that
has healing power enough to revive and maintain prosperity
But, sir, much as remains to be said, I must draw l0 a close,
as my object was merely to> notice some leading rema ks ol
Senators, which have developed the new and extraoidinary
doctrines of this Administration I was anxious to vindicate
the rights of the great mass of the people, who acquire their
support by labor, and whose interests, as laying at the basis of
all prosperity, I have at all times and on all fitting occasions es-
poused and maintained with whatever of ability I possess In
this, sir, I have taken great and sincere satisfaction, believing it
to be the great end of our free Government, and the only sure
means of sustaining it In the name and in behalf of that
great, powerful, and enlightened class of my fellow-citizens of
Massachusetts, whom I have the honor to represent, I enter my
solemn protest against the doctiines here advanced, and if my
voice could reafh them in their dwellings, their shops, and on
the decks of their vessels, 1 would exhort them not to be de
luded by false theories leading them on to ruin, but to rouse up
their energies, and, at tbe ballot-box, manifest their indignation
at all attempts to oppress them by diminishing their business
and taxing their labor to enrich others I would entreat them
not to sit stiil and he made such as they see the distressed and
impoverished laborers of Europe and Asia
NOTES.
The statistics referred to in the remarks of Mr Davis are
contained i.i Porter's Progi ess of Nations, and Wade's His
tory of the Middle and Working Classes, two recent and respec
table authorities, relying for the correctness of the facts con-
tained in the following extracts chiefly upon the statictics col-
lected by the British Government
These development show the larmer and all other working
men the condition of the working classes in Europe, and upon
what limited means they subeiet It is this class of men with
whom they are to run the race of cheap production, and conse
quently of coarse and wretched existence, for the same causes
which reduce them to hopeless penury will pioduce like re-
sults here If a lew pence a day will not support men there,
it will fail to doit here The intelligent working man of the
United fetates will pause before he precipitates himself into such
irretrievable wretchedness to cheapen the products of labor
He will inquire whether it tends to elevate or depress his race,
whether the privileges and hopes of a freeman are utterly delu-
sive, and end in retracing his s'eps to the degraded condition
lrom which we all believed we had escaped In his descent
irom his present commanding position, he may well cany with
mm these reflections, sit down m despair, and spurn all the daz
ziingtneonesof self-government as illusory, if ihey leave him
to subsist on the humble diet, and to grapple with the Buffer-
ingsof the m<«t desolate portion of mlnkind
Wages in France -Calais common laborers H per day,
7„. v,^ana, Wllhn tCelling, Boulogne, 5-1. per day, do!
hni.^rTÍÜ!,,8'1 „p,er day- w,ln « °°ar3, and without dwel-
fe,™ 41e8>,4d,t0 7J P« day. with board, and without
iünmL. IrLÍ?0/1 "? 80me <,l8tr!cta "consists in rye bread,
Ü2E ?Lun?L.lUet' ca^<" made of Indian corn, now and then
wm  salt provisions and vegetables, rarely, if ever, butcher'*
mea'." In o hers, "wheaten bread, soup made with vegetables,
and a little grease or lard twice a day, potatoes, or other vege
tables, but seldom butchei's meat "
Sweden —"The daily wages of a skilled agriculturist are 7d
or 8d ; while the unskilled ob ain no more than 3d or4d and
board themseh cs Agriculturists in the southern provinces live
upon salt fish and potatoes in ihe noi them provinces, porridge
and rye biead lorm their food "
Bacana — "Laborers aie paid at the rate of 8d per day in
the country," without board
Belgium—"A skilled art^an may earn in summer Is 2d to
Is 5d , in winter, lrom 10,1 to Is 2il , unskilled half as much,
without boaid, live upon lye bread, potatoes, and milk " Agu
cultural laborers have less
Germany —Danizig laborers 4ld to 7d per day, w itliout
board, Mulhburg, 7d pel day, do , Hoistem, 7d per day, without
board
Netherlands —South Holland laborer, 3d to 4d pel day,
with board. Noith Holland, 2lM per day, without board,
Antwerp, 5d per day, do, Vvest Danders, 9bs to l(Mi> pu
year, with board.
Italy —Trieste laboréis 12d pel day without boaid, do 6d
perday with board, Istna,8d to lOd pcrday wnhout board do
4d to "vi per day with boaid, Lomhardy 4d to 8d per day do,
Genoa, 5d to8d per day do and without lodg rigs, Tuscany, bd
perday without either
Saxony —"In 1837 a man employed in his own loom work
ing very diligently Irom Monday morning to Saturday night,
f om 5 o'clock in the morning unti I du*k, and even at times with
a lamp, his wife assisting him in finishing ind taking htm the
work, could not possibly earn more than 20 groschen [about 60
cents] per week Nor could one who had three children aged
12 years and upwards, all working at the loom as well as him
self, with his wife employed doing up the work, eain in the
whole more thin 81 weekly "
Navigation —Between us and England this is placed upon
A lootingof equalitj, all advantage toout navigators being abro
gaied If any interest can bear direct competition, this is the
one But let us see the resultas spulown by Mr Porter "In
1821," bays this writer, "thepmpoiti mof British vessels which
entered the ports of the United States was 7 1 5 per Cent com
pired with the American tonnage einplnved in the foreign trade
of the United States, while, in 1835, that proportion was in
creased to 39 percent The actual numbeis ineach of the years
from 1821 to 1835 have been as follow--
British    Ameucan                   British    American
Year        Tons        Tons          Year        Toim         Tons
1821       55 188       765,088         1829       <V37        «72919
1822       70ob9       7^T, 6\          ]"?30       87 231       %~27
1823       89,553       775 271          1831     2H =«7       932Q<S2
1824       67 351       850,033          1932     28S,841        949 622
1825       63036       88075-1          lb33     3*3 W     1,111 4H
18-26       69 295       942,206          1834     45-3 495     1071 «70
1827       99114       918 361          1835    529 922     1,352,653
1828     104 1(7       838 381
The British increase is 860 per cent the American 77 per
cent " This is the result of treaties and conventions called re
ciprocal                                                                            '
OT AGENTS.
PENSION BILL AND PENSIO]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATJv/s.
Friday, February 7,1840. \/
The House ihen went into Committee of the
Wbole on the,stale of the ün on, (Mr. Lincoln of
Maisachtaetts in the Chair,) and took up the bill
making appropriations for the paymeBt of certain
Revolutionary and other pensioners of the United
States.
Mr. R. GARLAND rose to reply to what Mr.
Smith of Maine hadsaiH.and proceeded to read
the names of several of tne pension agents together
with the amounts of monry in their hands, as staled
in a printed official return from the Department,
among them were General Johhn P. Van Ness, of
Washington; Isaac Hill, of New Hampshire,
Mr. Brockenbrougb, of Richmond, Virginia; and
George W. Jores, of Wisconsin. He repeated
the question he had put, in the House, to Ihe chair-
man of the ComnnlUe of Way sand Means, viz.
whether the pension agents had not the money ap-
propriated by this bill already, in fact, in their
hands, and whether such was not the practice ol the
Government?
Mr JONES said that he thought he had already
fully explained on that subjeet. He was not pre-
pared to sate positively or exactly, whit the prac-
tice of the Governn.ent in this respect bad been, be-
cause he was not in possession of the requisite in-
formation, but he presumed that when provision
was made to meet the payment of pensi >us, it was
done in time to have ihe funds required at the
several points where ihey were to be disbursed.
He then went into the details of ihe estimates on
which the present bill was founded.
Mr. BANKS, of Virgin a, took ihe floor for the
purpose of explaining in rela ion to Dr Brocken-
broogh, of Richmond, whose name had been re-
ferred to by Mr. Garland. Mr. B had [no more
to do with ihe investigation or paiment of the
claims of Revolutionary pensioners than the gen-
tleman from Louisiana His was a merely minis-
terial agency, in strict fulfilment of law.   Mr. B.
concluded by moving that the committee rise, and
report the bill to the House.
Mr. MARVIN of New York addressed the
Hou<e at some length on tbe evils of the existing
mode of compensating pension ageHts, by an ad-
vance to ihem of public money before it was need-
ed, that the use oí it might be a remuneration for
their seivices. Mr. M. referred to a debate on th s
same subject at a former session, and to the posi-
tions he had at that ume assumed, and the returns
which had been called for from the Department.
The trtal amount of pensions annually paid being
four millions, not less than two millions of it came
into the hands oí disbursing a?ents six months be-
fore it was needed The pretext for this had been
that these agents received no salary or pay of any
kind ; but so badlv did the sysiem work, that the
Commisíionei of Pensions had been continually
applying to Congress for an alteration of the law,
and the allowanre to these officers of a fixed sala-
ry. He adverted to ihe honest exposure made by
the late limented Mi. McKim, of Baltimore, and
to the fact lhat a certain agent in the Stale ot New
York, disbursed $400,000 annually, and had in his
hands $200,(100 for months at a time, sometimes
four or five months, before it had to be expended.
¡lío notorious was the use of ihese funds by the
aeenis holding (hem, that a letter had been pub-
lished from one of them, who received less of these
sulvanoes than he thought himself entitled to ex-
pect, aciually complaining openly of that fact, and
lemmding ihe Department that the use of the money
was the only compensation pension agents received
for the duties they performed. Mr. M. never con-
tended that these public officers should not be paid
for their service*;, but so long as the law stood aa it
now did, it ought to be enforced, and not evaded.
There wa* an express statute, passed in 1836,
wh.ch provided that they should serve without
compensation. The bill, as introduced, made pro-
vision for paying them; but, as it was urged that
the United States Bank had done the very same
duty free of charge, that c'ause was stricken oat,
and the duly required still to be performed, as be-
• fore, free of cost to ihe Government. The present
practice was, wrong, and ought to be condemned
by the people's Representatives. "When this
House passed laws, all Executive officers were
bound to execute them according to their true in-
tent and meaning, and not to seek modes of evad-
ing them.
Mr. M. went on to show that the practice of the
agents as soon as the money in their hands under
one head of pension was expended, though ihey
m ght be full-handed under other heads, was im-
mediately to write to the Department for more
funds. By this means an agent had been known*
to keep $200,000 in his hands nearly the whole
year round. The money was worth six per cent.;
so that such an agent was in the receipt of little
lets than $12,000 a year—nearly one half the sala-
ry of ihe President of the United States! Was
this righto A draft couM go from Washington to
Albany, whiij this man resided, in ten days at
.fuithesi why must the money be sent him four,
five, or six months beforehand?
Mr. HOLLEMAN said that, if the gentlemen
who oppostd the bill and complained of the present
mode ot remunerating pens on agents had offered
any amendments, or proposed any remedy, what
they said would be more to the point. But, after
all, what would it amount to? Did the Govern-
ment lose any thing by the present arrangement"2
Mr. Garland.   Yes; the use of the money.
Mr. H.   The money would be in the-Treasury.
Mr. Marvin. Had not we to usue Treasury
no es and pay an interest on ihem of six percent ?
Was this losing noihing?   [Cries of "order'"]
Mr. H said that the Treasury notes had been
resorted to because of a temporary pressure on the
Tr asury—money must be paid, and there was
nothing in the Treasury to meet the demand. But
as to ihis advance to the disbursing agents, where
was the difference to the Government whether the
money lay in the hands of those who collected, or
of thoBe who were to pay   oat* The money was
as liable to be used in .he hands ol the one as ot
the other. All ihe difference was, that^one set of
agents would gam by it ax one case, and another
