160
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
26th CokG' — 1«t Sess.
Pension Bill—Mr. Sergeant.
:■     ,    ■%-
Feb,1840
HTof Rers
set in the other. The Government made nothing,
and it lost nothing, by the present arrangement.
Nay: there were some advantages attending it.
It prevented a vast accumulation of money which
would otherwise take place in the city of New
York; now it was dispersed through the country.
In the cities, gentlemen charged that it was used
for bribery: besides, it was a positive gain to the
Government, to the whole amount of the salaries
which must otherwise be paid to thest officers.
Mr. H. however did not approve of the present
plan; he would prefer some other mode. But if
gentlemen complained, why did not they move an
amendment instead of embarrassing the passage of
this bill?
Mr. REED of Massachusetts agreed with gen-
tlemen who had preceded him, in the opinion that
the present mode of compensating pension agents
was a bad one, and ought to be reformed.   In
practice, however, he supposed it would, just now,
make little difference, for he presumed the Admi-
nistration would soon come to the House and com-
plain that they had no money.   But still this was
a proper occasion to explain the conduct of the
Administration.   Under the pretext of giving these
agents no compensation, they paid them ten times
as much as any salary they could receive by law.
Very  large sums of the public money were pur-
posely left in their hands, and it was not to be ex-
pected that they would not use it.   He was for
paying these officers directly; then the people would
know what it was they were paying; but now it
was all secret.   He hoped an amendment would
be proposed, restraining   the Government from
making these premature advances of public money
under the pretence of get'ing ready to pay pensions.
He never would put it in the power of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to allow one man a salary of
ten thousand dollars, and another of five, and
another of  two, just at his sovereign pleasure.
Every body knew that if these men put their mo-
ney in any bank, with a certainty that it would not
be called for for fonr or five months to come,
they could get fonr or five per cent, interest on it.
Mr. PETRIKIN said that this debate reminded
him of the old  proverb,  "Much cry and little
wool."   The Opposition gentlemen "were eternally
harping on economy in little matters, but when
matters of importance were brought forward, they
always shoved themselves before the wheels, and
prevented, if they could, the House from doing
any thing.   What was the secret of their objection
to these agents'?  They wanted the bu iness thrown
into the hands of their beloved banks, who held in
their hands thousands upon thousands of the pub-
lic money, without paying either principal or inte-
* rest.   Ail this was well.   No harm in this.   But,
when individuals held a few thousand dollars for
a little while, what a tremendous shcuing they
raised!   The House had heard nothing of all this
uproar when the United States Bank was the dis-
bursing agent of the Government, and held mil-
lions and jniilUons of the public money.   Com-
plaint wCs made because these agents did not take
money from one head of pension and apply  it to
another.   But they dare not.   The law would not
let them.     Did gentlemen suppose they could gull
the people with   all   this   noise?     The   people,
he could tell them, had too  much  sense  to  be
gulled in this way.   But there was another mat-
ter he would call these gentlemen'<> attention to.
It was to the perquisites they themselves received,
over and above their eight dollars a day.   Mr.
P. to be sure-j shared with the re t, but he did it
openly; be did not approve the allowances, but, at
any rate, he took them openly,  and above board.
He did not skulk away in the dark, and cry "thief!
th|ef!" while he was doing the same himself.    He
was for giving th^se Government agents a fixed
salary; but let it be remembered that they had ten
times the responsibility which members of Congress
had, yet they could get eight dollars per diem, and
a good deal more in perquisites, and take it all
very quietly.   He hoped gentlemen were not going
to object against this bill; he hoped they would let
the poor old soldiers get their money.   The tanks
did the very same thing that was now charged on
those pension agents.   Mr. P. had often gone to
them to get the pension money for some poor old
fellow, and been told that all the money under that
head of pension was out. What! because a man
was a Democrat, must he wotk for nothing? It
was very hard times. But the people were not so
gullible as gentlemen seem to think. They could
see through all this fuss about saving. Still he
thought it would be better to give them salaries at
once. As for himself, if he had all the money they
got, he could make no use of it; it would be idle in
his chest; but there might be o hers who could, and
if they could, why, he supposed they would. [A
laugh ]
Mr. CRAIG made some remarks, at the conclu-
sion of which he proposed an amendment, (handed
to him for that purpose by Mr. R. Garland,) pro-
viding that no money appropriated should be
placed in the hands of pension agents more than
one month before the time for the payment of the
said pensions.
To this am-ndraent Mr. UNDERWOOD pro-
posed an amendmeni, providing; fur an allowance
to the pension agents of a certain per centagc on
the money disbursed by them, but limiting the total
amount to be received for such scrvices by each of
feaid agents in one year to $ 1,500; and prohibiting
any agent from using or loaning the public money
entrusted to his hands, under penalty of imprison-
ment for not less than one nor more than five
years.
Mr. CRAIG of Virginia said that his object in
rising had been to congratulate the honorable gen-
t'eman from Massachuset's [Mr. Reed] on the
change of opinion which had happened to that gen-
tleman, respecting the best mode of paying the of-
ficers of Government.
[Mr. Reed. I have not cbang ;d my opinion at
all.   It is now just what it has always been.]
Mr. CRAIG resumed. I state, nevertheless,
that the gentleman's opinion has undergone a radi-
cal change, and he himself is the witness to it, and
that directly, not indirectly. How krg has the
gentleman held his present opinion? I will ask
him what was the mode of compensation when the
Bank of the United Stales was the general receiving
and disbursing agent of the Government? What
was the gentleman's opinion then? And what
will it be if such a bank should again go into ope-
ration? If the gent'eman complains so much on
finding that a few thousands of dollars be here and
there in the hands of disbursing agents, what will
he say when we substitute for them a bank having
in its hands the whole funds of the Government, on
which to issue bills and earn discounts? Does not
such an institution fleece the community to the
amount of millions? Sorely; the matter is as plain
as the sun at noonday. And is not this paving our
agents indirectly? If we may pay a bank in this
manner, why may we not pay an individual? Is it
not hard that the banks should work for no'hing
and find themselves? We must, therefore, give
them the pub'ic funds and the public credit, and
the consequence is, they fleece the community.
This they have been doing, and this they will do,
so long as they are permitted to stre'eh their arms
around the whole community, and squeeze till they
have pressed out all the blood from every pore,
But these rematks will be more pertinent when
we come to discuss the Sub-Treasury bill. I shall
then be delishted if the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Marvin,] will come up to the mark. If
he wilt then lend us his aid in throwing guards
round about the public agents, I, fot one, will give
him the right hand of fellowship. For ages past,
in all our reasoning on the banking system, we
have inverted the pyramid of logical inductioa and
tried to make it stand on its apex. We have al-
ways be°n reasoning backwards. Confidence was
lo be the bas;s, aud bankng was to follow; whereas
the proper mode would have been, first, to show
that the banks were worthy of trust, and then let
confidence follow. Will confidence purchase us
beefsteaks and pancake? Yes, confidence is pro-
duce money, and then money will buy the beef-
steak. That seems to be the p'an of some gentle-
men.
[Mr. Reed here rose to explain. The gentle-
man from Virginia, he said, had totally misunder-
stood him. He had changed no opinion, nor ex-
pressed any change; his doctrine was this, that
whenever it was necessary for  Government   to
employ agents, there ought  to be an explicit agree-
ment as to the compensation to be allowed them
ti that the peop'e might always know what it wa¿
! they  were paying.     The gentleman   fiom  Vir-
! ginia talked about the Bank of the United States, as
an exception to this rule; it was no exception. The
Bank and the Government made an express bar-
gain, in wh ch the Bank paid a heavy bonus open-
ly and explicitly for the use of the public money,
besides agreeing to do all the duties of a receiving
and disbursing agent free of cost.   The party aim
was plain and explicit, and every body could uu-
derstand it.   But what bonus did these agents pay?
or what written bargain did they enter into? There
seemed to be a tacit understanding that they were
to have the use of some portion of the public mo-
ney for some time bcfoie it had to be paid out—
but how long or how much, was left altogether dis-
cret'onary  with  tbr. Secretary,  and   that   officer
could make  a man's compensation ten thousand
dollars a year, or one thousand, at his pleasure.
The thing had been done, and   the practice could
neithsr be denied nor justified.]
Mr. CRAIG said that he did n..t deny himself
to be the subject to party influence; he was in some
respec's a party man, but it was because he be-
lieved that the parly with which he acted was
foanded and built up on the maxim that no party
could long exist whose policy was not based on the
principles of right; as soon as they shifted their
ground, no matter how numerous or how strong
they might be, they must ultimately fail.
Mr. C. afier some fuither remark*, üubmitted
(in behalt of Mr. R. Garland) the following
amendment:
"Be it further enacted, That no money appro-
priated by this act shall be placed in the hands of
pens;on agents more than one month before the
day for the semi-annual payment of pensions."
Mr. STANLY made some remarks, in the
course of which he spoke of the refusal of the Le-
gislature of Pennsylvania to take away bank
charters, or compel ihem to resume specie pay-
ments. Mr. S. alluded, also, to the proceedings
which took place on the last night of the last long
session of Congress, when the Sergeant-at-arms
had been despitshed to the railroad cars to bring
back certain departing members, who refused to
return. Among the number was the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Petrikin] who hadspokea
in a previous part of the debate, and to a portion
of who e remarks Mr. S. replied.
Mr. BEATTY said he did not rise to reply to
the remarks of the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Stanlt,] in relation to his colleague, [Mr.
Pj£TRfKw,] for he believed him fully able to vindi-
cate himself from any aspersions; but he got up
for the purpose of inquiring of that gentleman
from what source he derived his authority for say-
ing that the Legislature of Pennsylvania had re-
fused to compel the banks to resume specie pay-
ments.
Mr. STANLY replied, from the public journals.
Mr. BEATTY w s understood to recommend
the gentleman from North Carolina to have tetter
authority before he made such statements. Every
Democratic member had voted in favor of the bill
providing for the resumption of specie payments
on the 15th of February, and every Whig in the
House voted against it. The journals ©f the Le-
gislature would show further, that when the bill
went to the Senate it was refetred, in the nsnal
way, to the Committee on Banks. He desired to
contradict the broad statement that the Democracy
of Pennsylvania refused to meet the responsibility
of that measure.   He denied it.
Mr. B. was understood further to say that he
was present at the night session "referred io, and
that he had offered a resolution in rela'ion to those
members who refused to come back from the'rail-
roadcar*.
Mr. SERGEANT then rose and addressed the
Houn« at some length, though heard at times by
the Reporter very indistinctly. He said that what
be considered the great evil in the present state
(system he could not call it) of the management
of this part of the monetary cencfrn? of the United
States was the fault in the general management.
