Dec. 1839.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
165
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
Election of Speaker—Mr. Jenifer.
H. ol Reps.
then, to look to other sources for the means; and if
the conjfciurc of the gent eman from New York,
[ Mr. Cürtis,J were true, that there'ras not more than
half a million of money in the Treasury, it would
require raoic than ordinary ingenuity lo show how
one or two mil'ions weie to be taken out of it to
be placed where it had been usual to place mone} s
for the payment of pensions. All that was asked
her'' was the appropriation of an amount sufficient
to meet existing demands under authority of law
—the nmifs and amiuns teing furnished. It
would be a new doctrine to pass half ihe appropria-
tion now, and to re-eive the appropriation for the
other half untl the month of September, when
-"Congas would not be here.
Mr. WHITE of Kentucky said the gentleman,
in his answer, was only thiowing him back upon
his own difficulty. He (Mr. W.) w shed to know
whnher ihi"¡ bill provided for the pa)m?nt of pen-
sions comirgdue on the 4¡h of S^ptembei?
Mr. JO.NKS said that the amount intended to be
appropna ed by the b.ll (including the unexpe- ded
batanees ot last year for the same purposes) was
intended to cover the whole demand upon the Go-
vernment for the whole year. The bill provided
only for those cases for which appropriations had
not been made under other law?, and, as he had
said, covered the expenses of the whole year. The
doctrine had neve been maintained t*iat Congress
shoull pats the one half of an appropriation bill at
one time, and the other half ai another; and, if
such a course was to be pursue I, two ses-ions of
Congrf ss in each year would be required. .Mr. J.
then read ex'rarts from dncn nun's accompanying
the annual estima'es of the Secie'ary of Ihe Trea-
sury, showing the amount of unexpended balances
on moneys heretofore appropriated, and which,
he said, in addiion to the amount asked by this
bill, would complete the sum wan ed for this service
duriDg th" yar.
Mi. "WHITE of Kentucky did not wish to em-
barrass the chairman of the Commiitfe of Ways
and Means or this committee. All Le wished was
a plain statement of facts.
If he understood the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, the pre.ent bill provided for
the payments coming due on the 4th of March, and
also on the 4th of September—and the only nf ces-
sity which existe i for this speedy act on was, that
probably one or two of the pension funds might be
deficient, whilst in others there was a large surplus;
so (hat there was no necessity for immediate action,
but for the fact that there might be a deficiency in
one or two of the funds. Now, he would ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
whe her theie was not a general law providing for
the transfer of any unexpended balances in one of
the funds to meet any deficiency which might exist
in another?
Mr. JONES satd there was a general law vest-
ing in the President of the United States the power
to transfer appropriations under certain other heads
therein enumerated. His (Mr. J.'s) recollection
did not enable him at this time to say whether this
law was applicable to the pension fund or not. His
recollection rather inclined the other way; but he
would not say so posi ively. The Jaw could soon
be referred to.
Mr. WHITE of Kentucky. If we now have
two million dollars of this pension fund, being five
hundred thousand dollars more tlnn is required for
present purposes, why should there be action upon
the bill at this time? Why increase the fund ? If
we have a general law providing for the transfer of
unexpended balances, Irom one head of appropria-
tion to another, why bring the bill thus prematurely
up? I ask the rommi'tee to r se until inquiry can be
made. If thee is no necessity for the immediate
appropriation < f this money, I hopí no man is
ready to put his hands into the Treasury fur it. 1
move that the commine? ri'e.
And, that motion having been agreed to, the
committee rose and repored progress.
Whereupon the Hoase adjourned.
SPEECH OF MR. JENIFER,
OP MARYLAND.
In the House of Representatives,  Friday, December
13,1839—The question being on Mr. Proffit's
motion   to   reconsider the   resolution ofMr.
Smith of Maine,  that the\House at litis t.me
placed t' the election of a Speaker—¡r'
Mr. JENIFER said he unatrstoqir'theqnes'ion
befóte the Chi ir to be upon ths motion of the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr.   Pnpgfw] to recmsider
ihe vole upon the resolution /*That this House,
at   this   time   proceed   to   the   election    of   a
Speaker," for the purpo-e of enabling him to offer
a resolution to carry  into effect an expres3 order
of the House.
Mr. J. said he wasgra'ified that Ihe gentleman
from Indiana had moved the reconsideran n. It
would afford gentlemen once more an opportu-
nity of pausing before they committed an act in
direct violation of ihe rights of New Jersey, of her
Representatives upon this floor, and of the oid-r of
this House unrepealed, now on yonr table. It will
be recollected that the House by a large vote had
resolved "to hear and adjudge uprn the elecil n-<,
returns, and qualifications of all claimants to the
s ats contested upon this floor, before a Speaker is
elected." And now it is proposed to di regard
this resolution by electing a Speaker without
deciding which of the New Jersey claimants are
entitled, and by refusing to permit either of them
to vote. Mr. J. asked where are the pledges of
gentlemen, that after the roll was cal'eJ over, the
rights of New Je>s*y should be decided on befoie
they po eeded to ihe election of a Speak«i? He
called on honorabl* gentleman to fulfil their pledges;
on that portion of ihe House which regarded their
obligations, not to avail themselves of a trick
by which they have deceived their opponents.
By a tie in the vote of this morning the question
was lost—that J. B. Aycrigg and his four co!-
leages were entitled to their seats under the com-
mission of the Governor of New Jersey; the vote
stood 117 on botn sides. Had the question been
stated negatively ios'eal of affirmatively, the
decision would have been the reverse. And how
was that vote accomplished? Gentlemen boast of
havinggamed a victory by the vote of this morning.
If it is a victory, it isa discreditable on^and if I
show that it was effee'ed by gro-s deception, the
language which I use will not be considered too harsh
to be applied to the perpetrators of it. Mr. J.
said, when his friend and him>elfcame here this
mnrning, it was their desire and intention, as far
as in their power, lo settle the question of the New
Jers?y contest es speedily as possible, and proceed
to the organiza'ion of the House. With that view,
h's friend from Virginia [Mr. Wise] had moved
the resolution that J.B. Aycrigg and his colleagues
were entitled to their sea<s; and all that we dfsired
was a fair expression of the vote of the members
on the resolution. It was known that the vote
would be a close one. It was known that Mr.
Hawes, of Kentucky, although ill in his bed,
could be brought to the House, if his vote were
necessary. It **as a'so known that one or two
gentlemen of the Administration party had ex-
pressed their opinion that the members having
the Governor's commission wrr¿ entitled (o their
sea's, and that they so intended o vote. In addi-
tion to which it was s'ated by a gentleman, now
in my eye, that Mr. Kempshall, of New York,
the only al^ent member, bad arrived in the morn-
ing cars. Under the&e circumstances, we did not
desire to postpone a decision upon the New Jer-
sey contested election, when every member elect
of the 26 h Congress was in the tily of "Washing
ton, and, therefore, we united wi'h the Administra
tion party in demanding that the quest.on be taken.
Nor was it considerad proper to risk the healih of a
fellow-member by bringing him to the House,
when his vote was not indispensable. The House
precede to take the question en the resolution
that J. B. Aycrigg, &c. are entitled to their seats;
when it was asrenainee that Mr. Kemfshall, of
New York, had not arrived—that one, if not two, of
ihe membirs who have plcd?ed hemselves to vo'.e
Jor the New Jersey claimants, who had the regular
certincates of tha Govomor, contrary to their
decUrainn, voted in the negative. Thus, by a
palpable deception, ¡he New Jersey members were
excluded from their seat*, when, had there been a
fiiif expression of the voice of the House, tht re
would hare been a majority of two, if nt t four, in
their favor. Notwithstanding which, genii men
propose to go into the election of a Speaker at this
hoar of the night, and to effect, by stratagem, that
which they cannot do by a fair and full vote of the
House. And yet they proclaim here that they aie
actuated by conscientious motives !
[Here Mr. J. at the suggestion of Mr. Grates,
yielded the floor for a motion to adjourn, which
being decided in the negative, Mr. J. was about to
proceed, when Mr. Smith, of Maine, moved the
previous question.
Mr. J. contended that his having given way for
the motion to adjourn did not deprive him of bis
iig'it to the floor.
Mr. Smith insisted that the floor having been
yielded, he had the rijht to move the previous
question.
Afier some further remarks from Mr. Graves
and Mr. "Wse upon the point of ordrr]—
Mr. Jenifer resumed, and said that he was not
surprised that the member from Maine was un-
willing for him to proceed; he could not but be res-
tive under an exposition of such facts as these
under this floor. The member has said that cur
object is to consume time. Mr. J. said we intend
to take time to expose to this H<use and the coun-
try the means which have been resorted to deprive
the State of New Je sey of her Representatives iu
this House. The ti nth must and will out, however
unpalatable to the member of his friends. The
call to order and for the previous question comes
with an ill grace from that member, for it cannot
have escaped notice that he has eensumed more
time, and been more disorderly, with, perhaps, the 
exception of one other near him, than any mem-
ber on this floor. And his repeated calls for the
previousques'ion, after having spoken at length
himself, show that he fears to afford an opportunity
for reply. Mr. J. said it would be well to review
the proceeding of the last ten days, for the purpose
of seeing who have delayed the organization of the
House, as well as to test the consistency of those
who have taken the lead in the Administration
ranks.
On the first day of the se Fusion, the Clerk com-
menced, as usual, to call over the names of the mem-
bers elf c f om t ie diff rent Sates, coman ncing wi h
the State ot M< ne; and after progressing as lar as
New Jersey, and calling Mr. Randolph, from that
State, immediately stipped the call, read the cer-
tificate of J. E. Aycrigg, and stated that there were
four others of precisely the same tenor, and refused
to proceed unless directed by the members present.
NoiwithstaEding which, the official organ of the
Government (the Globe) led off with a statement
that the Clerk was interrupted in the call of the roll,
anil was not permitted to proceed; which statement
although endorsed here upon this floor, every gen-
tleman present knows not to be tine. The Clerk
had declined to call either of the members from
New Jersey except Mr. Randolph, and persisted in
refusing, or to put any question to the House s^ve
that ol adjournment. Days having been spent in
this unprecedented state of thirgs, (he Hoase, io
re kve themselves from their embarrassed condi-
tion, indignant at the arroganre of tt e !©!er|t in
taking his seat at the desk, calling such me* Bets
as he deemed proper, and refusing to call the gen-
tlemen fiom New Jersey who had legular certifi-
cates from the Governor, you, Mr. Chairman,
were unanimously calld on to presid". This step
was hailed withlgeneral acclamation, and the sur-
rounding galieries auoibly proclaimed their g'anfi-
caiion at a move which seemed to disembarrass
us from the disgraceful pos tion to which we had
too long submitted. You had just avowed your
opinion that it was the duty of the Clerk to call
the names of such members as produced regn'ar
credentials, according to the laws of their Stats
and the Constitution of the United. States. Yen
had, by an argument which was irresistible,
awakfned 'he members to ásense of tbeirsittta'ion,
and ot their duly to organize theHoese of Repre-
sentatives af cording to the uniform practice of our
predi ees* t\ and by giving proper cedence to the
cms.itued authorities and laws of their respective
States. You had scafcey entered upon the duties
assigned to you as Chairman, when you are called
oñ bf the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Dhom-
