166
26th Coxq.«"1st Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Election of Speaker—Mr. Jenifer.
Dec. 1889u
H. of Reps.
ooole) to «struct him which of the members from
New Jersey were to be permitted to vote in. the
trganiia'ion of ihe House. And upon your reply-
ing "that the Chair conceived the rule to be that such
persons «s possessed commissions tn conformity with
tke Constitution and (ates of New Jersey were entitled
to vote m members of this House, and thi.t none others
were entitled;1' for thus having responded to a call
made on by one of the tellers, you were instantly
charged by the gen-leman from New York, [Mr.
Vanderpoel,] with having committed an "act of
gross usurpation," and by my colleague [Mr. F.
Thomas] "of a monstrous usurpation," with similar
denunciations from various quaiters, equally at
war with decorum and delicacy. Those gentle-
m n seem to have imagined that you, Mr. Chair-
man.had been placed there to act according'y to their
dictation; to obey their will; to fur her their
illegal, unprecedented mjasuies; that you were to
be an antoma'on, to nod your head whichever way
they thought proper to pull the wir¿s. They have
been dis appointed. They have not found in you
so pious a Cleik as to be too conseienttousjo dis-
charge your duly.
(It was here proposed by several members to
adj urn, it being past 8 o'clock at night ]
Mr. J said, in obedience to ihe wisfces of his
friends around him, he would move an adjoura-
jnent, and would conclude what we had to s.iy in
the morning; in doing which he wcu'd occupy the
attention oí the House bat a few moments, or, if
gentlemen were sincere in their professions in
desiring ihe question to be taken on the resolution,
be would waive his right to the fl w, and permit
it to be put at 12 or 1 o'clock to-morrow, when the
members who were sick might be present, as also
all others who desired to vote.
[The motion to adjourn being lost]—
Mr. Jenifer continued and said, it was now
apparent that the object was not that the question
should be taken speedily, but that it should be
taken in the absence of members who could not
vote to night in consequence of the dispensation of
Providence. This is the consistency ef gentlemen
who express a desire that there should lea fair
and full expression of the Representatives of the
people.
Mr. J. said he would further test the consistency
of some gentlemen. It has been argued that the
New Jersey members should not vote in the organi-
zation of the House, because they are interested.
What interest have they, not common to other
members, in the ordinary transactions of the House?
If that be a sufficient giound why a member
should not be entitled to vote, let us see if we can-
not find some direct interest in former members
of Congress in giving their votes upon certain
occasions, which were both countenanced and
approved by gentlemen now and then present.
What was the fact in relation to our present
Minister to England? Dil be not preside over
this House for weeks, perhaps month*, with a
letter from President Jackson in his pocket, that
he intended to appoint him Minister abroad—dur-
ing which period man/ exciting and nearly
balanced questions, in which the Administration
fe.'t de p interest, were decided in this House, and
some by the casting vote of the Speaker—at
the same time that arrangements were making to
elect to the Chair the favorite of the President?
. Will any gentleman undertake to say, had Mr.
Speaker Stevenson given a vote contrary to the
wishes of the Administration, or refused to lend his
aid in the election of his successor to the Chair,
that President Jackson wou d not have instantly
recalled his letter of pronvse te appoint? Was not
here a direct interest? Did not the appointment
depend upon the Speaker's vote and action? Had
it not the effect of controlling both?
Mr. J. said there was another case in point still
more recent, and which has been noticed on a
former ccca^ion—he meant that of the present
Minister to Austria. At the extra session, Mr.
Muhlenbers had evinced symptoms of dissatisfac-
tioa with the Administration, and at ihe meeting
of the regular session of the 25'h Congress, when
this House ttood so nearly divided upon certain
measures of the Administration, that nota vote
could be dispensed with, he kept entirely aloof—
I
waiting to see where he could b3 most felt. His
rival in Pennsylvania, Governor Wolf, had re-
ceived a lucrative and high appoin'ment in Wash-
ington, and his claims had been overlooked. Thus
he stood with his arms folded; when the contested
election between Claibone and Gholson, and
Prentiss and Word, afforded another opportunity
of evincing the domestic diplom cy of ihe Ad-
ministration. The majority of this House depended
upon the issue of that contest, and some two or
three members were tantalized wiih ihi expectation
of receiving this mission. By the casáng vote of
Mr. Speaker Polk, Prentiss and Word, returned
here with a majority of 6,000 of the votes of
Mississippi, were dr.ven from their seats and sent
back for a third election. Up to the moment the
vote was taken in the House, Mr. Muhlenburg
remained perfectly quiet; and when he gave his vote
against Prenti>s and Word, by which a tie was
produced, great surpri e was expressed by many
m;mbers pressnt, which, however, was dissipated,
when on ihe next day he was nominated by the
President of the United States to ihe Senate as
Minister to Austria! Whsre could there have
been a more direct interest in voting, than that by
wh ch a member of th s House obtained an appoint-
ment of minister abioio? Had Mr Muhlenbnrg
voted to retain Prentiss and Word in their seats,
no maiter how conscientiously he believed them
entitled, no gentleman will undertake to say that
he could have received the appointment. It
follows then, as an indisputable tact, that it was
not his diplomatic qualifications, or his knowledge
of the Butch language, to which he is indebted for
his mission, but the penetration of the Executive in
finding out his accessible points.
This reference to the Mississippi election calls
to min 1 ihe ingenious defence which my colleague
[Mr. P. Thomas] had made against a charge of
inconsistency as to his course in relation to that
contested election and the New Jersey case. At
the extra session he delivered a speech in favor of
Gholson and Claiborne's right to their seats, and
the principal ground upon which he based his argu-
ment was the ri;ht of the people to elect their
Representatives, regardless of forms of interposition
of Executive authority. The will of the people
was then, as now, urged as paramount to all other
considerations. Their voice should be heard and
their wiihes conclusive, and neither the Governor
of the State nor judges of the elections should
deprive the dear people of the Representatives
of their choice. This was the Democratic doctrine
then and now preached. Let us see the practice.
At the regular se«sion, after a regular election held
in the State of Mississippi according to the laws and
Constitution of the State, Prent ss and Word were
returning to Congress by a majority of 6,000 voles
over Gholson and Claiborne. What was the
Democratic doctrine then? "Res adjudicóla" was
set up as a sufficient plea to deprive the people of
Mississippi of their Representatives, and the peo-
ple's voice was unheard by my colleague or his
friends, and Prentiss and Word, with this undis-
puted majority, were denied heir ieais. But my
colleague savs he made no speech upon the case.
No, he could not go that; because at the extra
session, he had made one in favor of Gholson and
Claiborne, which applied so directly to the sustain-
ing of Frenñss and Word at the regular session,
that h  could not, except by taking diiectly opposite
ground, oppose their right to seats. Yet, with his
speech then fresh in his recollection, as it teems to
be now, he voted—and how did he vote? To sus-
tain the people of Mississippi in their expressed
wishes? To give to their Representatives just
chosen by a majority of 6,000 votes their seats
upon this floor? To carry out his Democratic
dortrine, that ihe voice of the people was para-
mount to all other, considerations, and should be
obeyed? No; he vo:ed to disfranchise the State of
Misstisppi; he voted to send home Prentiss and
Word with this overwhelming majority. And what
was the consequence? The Administration party
succeeded in their views here. But Prentiss and
Word triumphed again at heme, and were returned
back by the people to take their seats in this
hall, to the mortification of those who were ac«
cessory to such a flagrant disregard of the people's
will. Then it was that the blush of shame should
have come over the cheeks of those who had beei
the principal actors in working this injustice.
Deep must have been their mortification to witness
this rebuke from the people when these two gentle-
men, a second time, came to claim their rights as
the Representatives of their State.
Referring to this matter (Mr. J. said) reminded
him of an impromptu which was sent hjm from
the ladits' gallery whilst the gentleman from
Ken'ucky [Mr. White] was eloquently denounc-
ing the inconsistent conduct of gentleman who
were in the habit of professing one thing and
practising another, when he exclaimed,, "Oh,
shame ! where is thy Hush?"—which he was sure
the House wou d pardon hin  in reading, as is so
immediately applied to the present case:
Where is thy blush, oil honest shame !
Permit her then to speak:
Shame would be shamed to find her blush
Upon that member's cheek.
Such were  the indignant feelings  excited by an
exposure of the political morali'y of members here
in the breast of those who are always disposed to
extend ths utmost charity.
Mr J. said it was tru'y amusing to witness the
irgenui'y d'spla}ci by gentlemen in shifting their
course, evading the tiue question, and their triors
to produc? a <a!se issue. The two gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Rhett and Mr. Pickens]
who had teen prominent in this debate, and who
have taken directly orp site grounds in a-gument,
com? nevertheless io ihe same conclusion. Both
of them, advocate. S.ate lights and the will of the
people; n ither of them act, correspondent to his
professions. They proposed to elect a Speaker
without permitting New Jersey to have her vote,
although it ii unanimously admitted that she has
present here her quota of legally elected Repre-
sentatives. The first gentleman [Mr. Rhett]
believes that Mr. Aycrigg and his four colleagues
are as much entitled to their seats on this floor as
he himself from South Carolina is. The oiher,
[Mr. Pickens,] professing a great regard for the
will of the people, repudiating the constituted
authority of the State of New Jersey, disregarding
the legal credentials furnished by the Governor,
insists upon the right of Mr. Dicker^on and his
four friends to seats, without any credentials what-
ever from the proper authorities, but upon a bare
allegation that they have a majority of ihe votes of
the State. And now, when a vets has been taken
and los', that Mr. Aycrigg, &c. are entitled under
the certificate of Ihe Governor to panicipa'e in the
organization of ihe House, the two gemlemen from
South Carolina, on  voting that Mr. Aycrigg, &c.
are, the other that Mr. Dickebson, <&c. are, duly
elected, now shake hands together, and agree that
neither are entitled to seat . The one has, there-
lore, yielded his principles; the other, with equal
rapidity, has compromised his; by which it is ex-
pected to elect an Admin stratum Speaker__for it
may all be summed up in that irresistible argu-
ment. How can the gentleman from S^uth
Carolina [Mr. Pickens] reconcile his present
position to himself, if he w ere sincere, of which
I will not permit my.elf io doubt, when he so
elegantly defended the rights of the people of New
Jersey against Executive in'ei position, and so str ong-
ly ur¿>ed the claims of Mr. Dickerson.&c. before
the House had votrd upon those of Mr. Aycrigg, Ac?
How is it that the A rmer were the legal Representa-
tives before ihe latter were rejected, and now have
no claims whatever? Where is the resolution he
intended to offer, that Mr. Dickerson end his
colleagues are entitled to seat-? Poes he still be-
lieve them to te entitled. If so, and he and his
friends who have a majority in this ball to-night
permit a Speaker to be elected without New Jer-
sey participating ¡n the organization of the House,
they will do rank justice to that State; thry
will have mocked the perp'.e of it, and have wil-
fully deceived Mr. Dickeeson and the other four
Representatives who stand here prepared to enter
upon their duties; or are they willing too to stand
off and s e Niw Jersey and thetr ron: titnents kept
at bay until the raity have acci mplish=d their
objec;? If the geiitleuea frrni ioatli Carolina
and the New Jersey claimants htve compromised
to waive her right to te represented until a Speaker
