Feb. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ier
26th Cong-«"1st Sess.
Cumberland Jioad—Mr. Pickens.
is elected, then let us hear no more  of   State
rights, and a respect ior the will of   the people;
attempt no longer to dupe them, or deceive   us;
do not longer "hold the promise to the ear, and
b.eak it to '.he hope."   The time was when Siaie
rghuwere respected—when this Executive influ-
ence, wh ch has been so vehemently denounced,
was warring ag*inst those rights—when  that gal-
lent State (South Carolina) stood united and al-
most alone in defence of what she defined as State
rights; and however much many of us differed with
her in the ex ent to which she carried her doctrines
and   mode of redress, still there was a feeing
throughout   the  country   of admiration   at her
ir oral and political courage, in defending herself
against   the   Union, when she   believed herself
oppressed.   All minor considerations  of political
differences weie merged in the   common cause,
and the State of South Carolina   presented an
undivided front.     She did not pause to inquire
whether the inpendmg conflict originated in the
imprudent zeal of her leaders, or in the abuses of
the powers of the Federal Government; it was
sufficient for her that her citizens were threatened
with the bayonets of the Federal army—that Presi-
dent Jackson, by his proclamation, had denounced
them as rebels.   She nailed her Palmetto to the
masthead, and recreant would have been that son
who would not have bared his breast to defend her
frcm such pollution.    And can it be that, in so
short a space, the advocates of State rights shall now
be found enlisting under the banners of consolida-
tion? And that this House in its unorganized condi-
tion, shall have the right to disfranchise a  sove-
reign State, deny her Repre-entatives a participa-
tion in oor measures, and place her emphatically
without the Union?    If thU be  the State   rights
principle for which South Carolina has been con-
tending, then is it indeed a political humbug.
It is however refreshing to look around and see
how Georgia stands. Represented here as she is
by gentlemen of adverse opinions upon the
great political questions in relation to the General
Government; coming, too, as some of them do,
with their prepof sessions in favor of the Adminis-
tion; still ppon a question involving a more vital
State rights interests than any ever yet agitated
in this body, they cannot consent to abanden those
principles, even to elect an Administration Speak-
er. What a contrast does Georgia present to
South Carolina! She gees for the rights of the
States, and not for the benefit of a party, when
th-ir measures are advene to those rights; whilst
others who appiopriate to themselves all the
chivalry of the land, and who boast of first unfurling
t"je banner of State rights, and planting themseves
under the Palmetto standard, have this day united
with the crusaders in trampling down the rights of
a sister State.
Mr. Speaker, in this criiis  of our affairs, in this
House, and in this country, Sou'h Carolina ha«
assumed a heavy responsibility.    But a short time
since, and her talented ?ons upon this floor, and
in another part of ihi* Capitol, were rnakiHg their
voices heard and felt in effective denunciation of
Executive   patronage,   of   Execuihe abuses, of
Executive control over the Legislative branche*.
Bat now, these voices have  been  hushed.    The
tariff, internal improvement, extravagant expen-
diture , and  all those measures which were  the
groundwork of opposition of the Administration,
have ceased, to create alarm.   The sentinels upon
the watrh-tower have  grounded their arms and
demanded a parley.    Have those abuses become
lea odious from long and con:inued endurance, or
ha? familiarity  with them rendered them more
palatablt?     If a closer cormec ion with the actors
so effectually strip their measu-es of their burden-
s me tendency, it were well to inquire "where the
benefit u to enure."    The present Administration
have ample cause   to   congratulate themselves.
Pursum ,  as they have done,   the same course
which the  commenced; going on, step by step, to
increase their patronage, and extend their influ-
ence, without abating a particle of extravagance,
■they have made converts of their opponents, and
now number them in their ranks.
By what magic process this has been acconv
plish«d has not yet been fully developed.     Time
will demonst; ate the means by which that patriotic
zeal which spurred en a gallant band, with such
tjarful odds, to resist the abuses of the Ft deral
Government, has been quenched. Time *as
when South Carolina needed no aid to assert her
principles, or to defend her lights. She could
have stood alone against the whole United States.
Now so weak as to have fallen in the arms of tha
Administration!
H. of Reps.
,tt T
SPEECH OF MR. PICKENS,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
In the How of Representatives, February 13,1840—
O.i the two per cent fund, the Cumberland road,
and the power of the Government to make in'er-
nal improvements.                 \      /
Mr. Pickens rose and said: V f
Mr. Speaker: When I moved $«*terday that the
House adjourn, (the first time I ever made such a
motion,) I did it not with a view to protract this
debat , or to enter into a lenghty d^cussion of the
subject, but with a desire to present the reasons
which influenced me in making the original mo-
tion, and the accompanying remarks which I sub-
mitted a few days ago. And, sir, I should not
now have entered paiticularly into this debate, if 1
h;dnot been pointedly alluded to by several gent'e-
men on both sides, and who have thus made it almost
imperious on me to trespass, for a few moments,
upon the attention of the House. I confess, Mr.
Speaker, that I listened, with pleasure, to the well-
turned periods and mellow voice of the gentleman
fiom New York, [Mr. Hoffman,] who always
seems to stiike those chord-, which vibrate through
thi* House with more perfect delicacy than any
other gentleman on this floor. Yes, 1 must say
that I lis ened, with great pleasure, to the eloquent
gentleman from New York—an ornament to his
great and noble city: I mean a noble city, because
she is rich in resouices, and rich in commercial
enterprise. But, in other respects, she presents to
mv mind a most singular spectacle, producing,
probably, the g eatest compound of interests of
any city on this continent—a collection of novi
himines—from the proud and princely merchant,
who rolls in h's coach and four, to the Loco Ftco
t lat sleeps in the market and lives upon bone-soup
—presenting a heterogeneous mass of contradic-
tory combinations, which remind me of nothing so
strongly as Sbapspiare's allusion to
" Liver of blaspheming Jew,
Nose ot Turk, and Tartar's lips,''
All mingled together—
" Chaldron toil and bubble—double, double, toil and trouble."
A most extraordinary, and, upon the whole, in-
teresting city!—and of which 1 take pleasure in
saying, ihi gtntleman is the ornament and the
pride.
Yet, Mr. Speaker, I must, at the same time, con-
fess that I listened wi>h regret to some of the parti-
san remarks in which the gentleman thought pro-
per to indulge. Upon this question, and upon all
others connected with the fiscal action of this Go-
vernment I have higher objects in view than to
stoop to party discussion. 1 will not even stop to
pluck the barbrd arrow from the sides of the Exe-
cutive, even ihough it should be shot from the
"loud-twanging bow" of Achilles himself. I
have higher objects in view. The strongest solici-
tude I now feel on all public questions, is directed
to the realization of the fiim hope and belief that
the Constitution of "my country is to be raised
from the dust and ashes, where it has too long been
tramp'ed puon, and made the sport of party and of
party interests.
Sir, we have arrived at a very peculiar juncture
in public affairs. It is probably the first time, since
the year 1789, that we have had a fair opportunity
of placing the Government of our country on a
true Republican tack We have been more or less
involved, directly or indirectly, with great interests,
which rendered it next to impossible that we could
placa the Government where the framers of the
Constitution intended it to be; and in the present
juncture of onr affairs—xoith no national debt—with
a system of fixation approaching to free trade,
and a reasonable hope of peace, there can be no
reason, no pretext, why we should not set about
this great work at once, and start the Government
upon those just and forbearing principle*, compati-
ble with the genius of our institutions, and which
alone can give quiet and permanent union to a tur-
bulent and excitable people. It is in connection
with this view of the subject, that I feel a deep
interest in the question now pending before the
House; not that I am particularly opposed to the
Cumberland road, or to the supposed interest
which the States of Ohio, Indiaia, Illinois, and
Missouri, may happen to have in it; but because
it involves great and vital ptinciples; vital to the
Constitution; vital to the purity of this Govern-
ment and the Union of these State?. I am opposed
to it because it is well calculated to form a precedent
which is hereafter to be held up and quoted, as it
wa  quoted yesterday by the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Howard,] in his eloquent speech, as a
precedent for future Congresses—a precedent which,
in my judgment, rides over the Constitution, and
transfers to the majority on this floor the power to
make the Constitu'ion what they may suppose that
their interests call upon them to make it.
Before I go into the general subject, I beg leave
to refer, for a moment, to the remarks submitted a
day or two ago by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Mason,] who placed the obligation to make this
appropriation on the ground of a specific contract.
Yes, sir; that gentleman, whose eloquence, " like
mine Uncle Toby's," seems to consist in its pauses,
dwelt upon the contract. He claims the bond. He
stands up for the bond even stronger than Shylock;
and he demands, not only the pound of flesh, but
the blood too. He placed the matter on a special
contract, and, with great parliamentary courtesy,
proclaimed that those who differed from him upon
this subject were "ignorant, narrow, contracted,"
and, to u«e his own classical expression," nig-
gardly." Now, let us examine what this contract
is; and if it should turn out that there is a special
trust fund set aside by the very acts which the gen-
tleman himself has quoted, and that we are made a
trustee under those acts, ihen I say it is sound law
that, when the trust fund is faithfully exhausted,
you can no longer claim execution of the contract;
or, in o.her words, if you file a bill in chancery
*^r the specific performance of the contract, and
it Is &et forth and proved that the trust fund is ex-
hausted, nav mote, exansted five times over, ac-
cording to that great rule that he who asks equity
must first do equity, a decree would be rendered
against the complainant, and he would have to re-
fund. If I show this by incontestable record, I
humbly submit to the gentleman that his special
contract, must of necessity, fall to the groond. I shall
demonstrate this before I take my seat, beyond the
possibility of refutation or denial.
In the first place, then, and in order to be cer-
tain of the terms of the contract, I «ill refer to it.
The first act which we have oa the subject, was
passed in the year 1803. It was the act by which
Ohio was admired into the Union, and the provi-
sion bearing upon this point is in the foliowirg
words:
Sec. 7. "That one-twentieth part of the nett proceed* of the
lands lying within the aaid State, «old by Congrew, from and
after the thirtieth of June next, alter deducting all expense* in-
cident to the same, shall be applied to the laying out and mak-
ing public roads, leading from the navigable waters emptying
into the Atlantic, to the Ohio, to the said State, and through the
same; such roads to be laid out under the authority of Congress,
with the cnnse.it of the several States through which the road
shall pass."
The next act bearing upon the point, was passed
in 1803. By the act I have just read, one-twenti-
eth part of the nett proceeds of the public lands
in the State of Ohio, was set apart for purposes of
internal improvement. In the year 1803, that
provision was somewhat altered by the following:
Sbc.,2. "And be it further enacted, That the Secretary ef
the Treasury shall, from time to time, and whenever the quar-
terly accounts of the receivers of public moneys of the several
land offices shall be settled, pay three per cent, of the nett pro-
ceeds of the lands of the United States, lying within the State of
Ohio, which, since the thirtieth day of June last, bay* been, or
hereafter may be, sold by the United States, after deducting au
expenses incidental to the same, to such person i"Pfi8™.!..
may be authorized bjr the Legislature of the said«* {?"*•r*
the same; which sums, thuspaid, shall be ■PP««d.'° ¿h«layme
out, openins, and making roads within the ^ fute, and
to no other purpose whatever; and an annual*ccounltofthe an-
plication of the Wae shall be transmittedto.the S*"""*«  
TVMumrv bv men officer of the State as the Legislature thereof
I reasury Dy sucn orncer ui   dtt.,ared that the payments thus to
h^aK wella. 5ie Severn^?PPro>riation. íor^hoota, made
S uSfciSStoft.«3£^reVconfoWy with, and In eons .
