i68
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1840.
2&TH CoK< .«..l8T SbSS.
Cumderland Road—Mr. Pickens.
H. of Reps.
dora:ion of, the conditions agreed an by tho Sute of Ohio, by
fbe ordinance of the convention of said State, bearing date 29ih
ef November last."
It will be seen by this clause, that Congress so
far altered the act which set aside one-twentieth
part of the proceeds (which is equal to five per
cent; as to appropriate three fifths of the same to the
State i'sel', to be managed and laid out according
to its own views of its own local interests, leaving
two per cent, of the (and undisposed of. In the year
1806, we had the first act making a speci6c appro-
priation to the Cutnbeiland road, and the clause of
the act which relates to the point I am now dis-
eossing, is in the following words:
Sac 6. "And be it farther enacted, That the sum of thirty
thousand dollars be, a id the same is hereby, appropriated, to
defray the expense of laying out and making said road [Cum-
berland road. ] And the President is hereby authorized to draw,
from time to time, on the Tieasury, for such paits, or at any
one time, for the whole of said sum, as he shall judge the ser-
vice requires, which sum of $30,000 shall be paid, first, out of
the fund, of two per cent, reserved for laying out and making
roads to the State of Ohio, by virtue of the 7ih eecuon ol an act
passed on the 30th day of April, ISO!, entuleJ 'An act to enable
the people of the eastern division of the territory northwest of
the river Ohio, to form a Constitution and State Government,
<tc. and for other purposes;' three per cent, of the appropria-
tion contained in said 7th section, being directed by a subse-
rint law, to the laying out, opening, and making roads within
said State of Ohio: and secondly, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, chargeable upon, and
reimbursable, at, the Tres                 '' '     '   '
as the same shall accrue.'
ropn
f, by
reimbursable at, the Treasury, by said fund of tico per cent.
That wm the first specific appropriation; an ap-
propriation of $30,000 to ihe survry and com-
mencement of trie road; and if ¡I should be paid out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, provision was made for ibe reimburse-
ment back to the Treasury, oat of the two per cent.
fused.
W« have thus seen that the gent'eaan  from
Ohio [Mr. Mason] is conect in stating that there
was a specific fund,   I have   qnott d   the  provi-
sionaryfclau-es which bear npon and define it; and
to show" how remarkably guirded Congress has
been, I will now quote two oiher other acts pissed
more recently,   indicating that Corgress did con-
sider! this as a trust fund, and  intended to  ap-
propriate at different periods so much money and
no more.   And no ground can be raited directly
or indirectly upon which to iest the demand for this
appropriation, except apon the principles laid down
by the gentleman from Indiana, [ÍAr. Howard,]
who, I must say, put himself apon much higher
ground than that of a specific contract; knowing,
as he   did, that  it was too weak  to  carry him
through, he paid little or no attention to it.   8ir,
the gentleman was right.   Rest the cate uron 'hat
contract, and it must fait before any court of chan-
cery in the civilized world.
Bat I proceed to shaw how guarded Congress
has been, and wiih this view, I quote from an act
passed June 24,1834, for the continuation of the
Cumberland road:
Sko. 4. ''That, as soon as the sum by this act appropriated,
or so much thereof as is necessary, shall be expended in the
repair of said road, agieeably te the provisions of this act, the
same shall be surrendered to the States .respectively, through
which said road passes: and the United States shall not thereaf-
ter be subject to any expense for repairing said road."
I now quote another clause from an act pasied
March 3,1835:
6ec. 3. "And be it further enacted, That before any portion
of the earn by the second section of this act appropriated, shall
*e expended m the repair of said road east of the Ohio river,
agreeably to the provisions of this act, the same shall be sur-
rendered to, and accepted by, the States respectively, through
which said road passe?; and the United States shall not thereaf-
ter be subject to any expense in relation to said road. '
By th s it will be seen that it was espre-sly in-
tended that the Federal Government should nut be
subject thereafter to any expenses in iclat on to this
road; and here it is to re remarked, that if gentle-
men pat the appropriation on the ground of con-
tract, they must take the whole contract, as indi-
cated at different limes, and not a pan of it.
Bat I proceed now to show, on the authority of
documentary evidence,  hat this trastfund, ihus set
aside by the first acts which have been referred tc,
has been exhausted more than Jive times over. With
this view, I will read the estimates of the amount
expended on the road, as reported to this Hoi se, in
■"ocuinent No. 350, from the Treasury Department,
April 23,1838:
1st. The aggregate amount of the three per cent,
fond actually paid to the States of Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, and Mis-souri, is    •      $1,459,467 28
This is the three-fifths of the five
per cent. fund.
Aggregate amount of two-fifths of
nve per cent      -           -          -      972,978 20
Aggregate amount of the five per
cent.       -           -           -              2,432,445 48
This, then, is the whole of the trust fund, so far
as the land is sold. Let us now see what has ac-
tually been expended at different times upon this
road. The same document will show what has
been appropriated for the Cumberland road, its
continuance, repairs, 5tc. to the 31st of December,
1837:
For the Cumberland road, east of the
Ohio        -          -          -           $1,657,335 20
For the repairs of the Cumberland
xoad, east of the Ohio                -   1,126,686 82
$2,784,012 02
For the Cumberland road in Ohio - 1,943,461 95
Fit the Cumberland road in Indiana 985 000 Ü0
For the Cumberland road in Illinois 596,000 00
For the survey of the road from
Wheeling to the Mississippi       -       10,265 85
Aggregate amount appropriated for
the Cumcerland road     -          - #6,318,739 82
Aggregate amount ot two-fifths of
5 per cent on the nett proceeds of
land so d in Ohio, Indiana, Illi-
nois, and Missouri, up to the 31st
of DecemDer, 1833        -          -      972,978 20
Difference bctw<en the two aggre-
gates ---           - §5,345,761 62
Thus, sir, from the documents, it appeals t> at
$,972,978 20 is the trust fund of the two per cent.
stt aside, according to the acts of 1803 and lSOfi,
by which this Government was made a trustee for
thefaithlul administration of the same. And I
have shown you that the fund has been exhausted,
and more than exhaus e 1, by $5,345,761 62. With
what face, then, cat gentlemen now call upon
us to appropriate again, at ths time, $450,000,
and claim it as due tiom the trust lund? It can-
not be maintained. Let us now see what lands re-
main yet to be suld in Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and
Missouri, to which the Indian title has been extin-
guished, excluding the lands which have been sold
and otherwise appropriated:
1.  In Ohio        -           -        2,150,588.07 acres,
2.  In Indiana   -           -         5,629 093.90    "
3.  Inllinois     -           -       21,123,161.64   "
4.  In Missouri -           -       33,497,055.77   "
Aggregate -           -       62,399,899.38   "
I Ihii-k I can show (if it were neces^aiy row)
that our public lands heretofore have not yielded
more than twenty-eight sents per acre to the public
Treasury, if we deduct all expenses, extinguish-
ment of Indian tales, purchases made by trea-
ties, donations, &,c. But suppose that the above
sixty-two millions "f acres (much of which is
refuse land ) should hereafter yield one dollar
nett per acie, then ths would give us about
$62,000,000; and calculate the 2 per cent, fund
ojt of this, and it would be §1,240,000; and the
whole 5 per cent, fund wcu'd be but $3,100,000.
Yet I have shown you, that we have a'ready ex-
pended $5,345,761 62 more than the 2 per cent,
fund now paid in; and a'l thaf, in any probability,
can ccme in hereafter, i- $1,240,000. But take the
whole 5 per cent, from lands yet to be sold, and,
probably, it will be less than $3,100,000; which,
taken from the $5,245,761 62 already in excess, will
still leave a balance in favor of this Government
of $2,245,761 62. Judng from ihc past, how-
ever, it may be safely calculated that the public
lands to be sold, will not yield half the sum esti-
mated above, which, of course would reduce the 5
per cent, estimate in like manner. Thus, I trust,
I have forever put to rest this flimsy r^text, as to
the famous two per cent fund; and that no o .e will
ever again urge upon us this appropriation from
the obligations of a special contract. The gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Howard] was too good a
lawyer to rest upon this; he well knew that he
could not carry this appropriation upon any prin-
ciple of law or equity connected wiih the 2 p^r cent,
fund. He did mt rest it rntiiely upon this, but
took highrr grounds of national interest and expe-
diency connected with our pub'ic policy.
As for my own part, rather than to be harasied
here year after year, as we are, for specific appro-
priations for this object, to be made out of ihe Na-
tional Treasury, and thus makina every thing sub-
serve local interests, I would prefer at once, if we
are to be compel'ed to carrv on this work, tl.at ^e
shou'd give to each of the States abiolu'ely five
cut of every 105 sections of land unsold for their
own disposal, provided we were never to be asked
for an appropriation again upon ibis subject.
Do you suppose that the men who, in the years
1S02, 1803, and 1806 passed the first acts io which
I have refened, could have contemp ated that *ix
millions of dollars were to be drawn lrom the
Treasury in ihe shoit sp?ce of thiny-thieeyears for
this object? Thf y would hive hesitated kng before
thpy would have set a p ec> djnt which is now ap-
peale 1 'o as having the au'honty of law. The fi st
appropnaion, a* I have shown, was jj30,000; and
that sum, no doubt, was t^ou^ht to be to isidera-
ble, becau>e we then mj>)ed the b'essmgs of an
economical Government. But they would not
have passed it if they had supposed that, to this
amount, ihey were to add the sum laid down in
the estima'es upon our tab'es, and by wheh it will
be seen that a sum approaching to eight millions of
dollars, over and above the amount* a'ready appro-
priated, will be required to finish this road to Jef-
fer on, in Missouri. It will appear from the re-
port from the War Department, communicated to
the Senate 27ih January, 1840, No. 122, that the
estimated co«t for the completifn of the Cumbe"-
land r<ad herealter, ov«r a'l expfn^es hf-retoforc,
isas follows: in Ohio, $638.166 26; in Indiana,
$3,144,250 21; in Illinois, §2 448,83d 52; in Mis-
souri, $1 664,790 4ñ; and ihe total estimated cost
i > $7,896,045 44. Are we prepared for this heavy
expenditure ? This amount, added to what has
already been expended, will make $14,214,785 26.
Do you suppose that the framers ot these first
laws would have been prepared to meet such ex-
travagant drafts out of the public funds? Were
they prepared to set such a precedent by appropri-
ating at first only $30,000; which appropriation
they specially guarded by declaring that the
amount should be paid out of the two per cent,
fund ? Would they have suffered themselves thus
to be drawn into a measure which was to lay the
foundation for such heavy appropriations ? And it
is to be remembered that the sum ot seven mil-
lions ei?ht hundred thousand dollars here men-
t oned, is only the estimate. We all know the
character of ¡hesj estimates—that they are the
mere theoret'cal estimates of gentl- men in their
bureaus—but come to the actual amount and you
wi'l find it to be nearer sixteen millions than eigh';
for, in every such estimate, the amounts actually
called for exceed almost double the amount first
estimated. Well may ihe gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Howard] speak of th s as a magnificent
enterpr..«e. Will may the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Hoffman] call it the Appian
way. It may be the App an way; it may be a
magnificent enterprise—but who is to pay for il? Is
it an enterprise withn the provisions of the Consti-
tution Is it an enterprise within the limits of a
Reputlcanand economical Government, involv-
ing, as it does, in all human probabili'y, appro-
priations to the amount of twenty or thirty millions
of dollars? And if the ¡¡emlenian from Indiana is
right in ths bright prospects which he drew of the
future; if that read is finally to lead, as he says, to
Ihe shores of the Pacific, then two hundred millions
of dollars will not cover the expenditures. And
this is the species of argument which is employed
to induce a Republican Government to adopt mea-
sures 'hat are to involve the country in sucn enor-
mous extravagance!! It may be an Appian way,
as the gentleman from New York says, but I
would remind him that the Appian way which led
from Rome to Brundusium, became the great high-
way of empfrorj who marched along it, waving the
imperial eagles over prostrate slaves and on oppressed
mi mined country.   Is the Appian way to be cited
