if4_____________________AfrPfeNJttX TO TftE CONGRESSIONAL Qtotifl._______________Feb. 1840.
26th ConS"*«18t Sess.                                              Stale Debts—Mr. Calhoun.                                                                       Senate.
had been no removal of drp 'sites, nor had the Sub-
Treasaiy been heard of, to wrvch srentlemen are
now disposed to attribute all the ea'aouties which
afflict the country.
The au'hor oí the repcrt cruld give no satisfnc-
tory answer to his queMion, whence all this sudden
and an'oiked forca'amity; but he has furnishel us
with the me4ns ot tracing it clearly to the tariff of
1823. It went into opeiation oa the 1st of Sep-
tember of that year, and the next year felt the swell-
ing, but delusive tide of an expanding currency;
the exchanse turned in our favor; g>ld and silver,
following ihe i i pu S", flowed in; banks began to
enlarce their dscpunw and cucu'ation. It con-
tinued to vwell with a stronger and stronger current,
through a 1 the subsequent year, imi the first par' of
the n*xt, nearly three years, acct rding to the usual
period, when it began to ebb; and then followed the
reveise ^cene, ?o leeiingly described by the author,
and vthch to him appeared so unexpected and un-
' recount ible. It was at this point, had not the
movements in the Siuth arrested the farther pr9-
eress of the system, that there would have been
another clamor, for addi íonal duties. The dis-
tress, as usual, would have b-¡en attributed to over-
impoitation, and that to the want < f adequate pio-
tectton, and in 1832, (the u«ual permd of four
years having intervened,) another protective tariff
would have b en ihflicted, to be followed by the
same t am of consequences, and with equal disap-
pjmiment to its authors.
Ni w, sir, to show that the flowing in of the pre-
cious metals, in consequence of the tariff of '28,
is not a mere as^umpticn, 1 have extracted from
the public documents, for the years 1829 and 1830,
the imports andexpoits of gold and silver, which
i I hold in my hand. The import in '29 was
$7,403,612, and the export $4,311 134, making an
excess of imports over exports of $3 092 478; and
for 1830, $8,155,964 aga nH $1,241,62-2, mak-
ing an exc ss of imports of $6 914 342; mak-
in°, in the two years, an excess of imports of
$10 006,810. Ey turning to the report already
cited, it will be seen that the estimated amount of
specie in the country rn the first of January, 1830,
was but $25,(100,000, of wt ich $5,000,000 were
in c rcu ation, and $20,000,000 in the v?u'ts of the
bank*; so that the add tion to the spec e n the two
yeirs was forty per ce,.t. on the wro'e amount.
It now remains to be shown what was the efleet
of this gri.'; t proportional increase of spre'e,
and the tavorab'e sta'e of th? exchange wh'ch it
indicnt's, had en the tanks in the manufacturing
Sates. The retort will furnish the information,
not fully, but enough to satisfy every reas>n?ble
man. It gives the fdlowing s'atcment of the
amruntof banknotes in circulation in 1830 and
1832, respectively, in theSta'es of Massachusetts,
Rhode Inland, New York, and Pennsylvan'a, in-
c'uding the Bank of the Uniti d States, which will
show the rait increase in the shcrt space of two
jeaTS.
Here Mf. C. read the following statement:
1830.                1832.       Rel.   increase
of circl'n in
two years.
Massachusc tts, $4,730,000 $7,700,000    65 per ct.
Rho'e la'and,         670,000    1,340,000 100    "
New York, 10,000 000 14,100,000 40 "
P.nn-ylva. ia, 7,300,000 8 760.000 20 "
Bank U. States, 15,300,000 24,600,000    67    "
been to turn the fore gn exchange in our favor; a
most important consequence co-nec^d with lh° in-
creave of g 'Id and suvrr in relat'o-i to tt e currci-
cy. The next must have b5en to turn the domes-
tic exchanges Mill more strongly against "he s anle
States, and in favor of ih« manufaciurmg. To
understand ihisportionof the operation,Imn*t again
repeat that the object of the tariff was to cut (ff
the consumption of the foreign articles, in order
that they should be supplied by our own manufac-
tures. The necessary consequence of this must
have bei  to ditninhh the demand abroad, and to
increase it in the manufacturing States, and thereby
to turn the influx ol gold and si ver to that po.nt, in
Older to purchase the supplies fiere, which we have
been in the habit of obtaining from abroad. These
causes combined, must have had the effect of ad-
ding greatly to the capacity of the banks in that
quarter K> extend their discounts and accommoda-
tions, and with it the circulation of their notes.
With a growing supply of specie, and ihe exchange
favorable in every direction, rs must Imebeen
the cue, there is no limit to the business of hanks,
nor are they slow to perceive or to act on such fa-
vorable circumstances. Nor must we overlook
another powe rful cause in operation,the fiscal ac ion
ot the Government, through the rp-ra'ion of wh ch
the vast sums col'ected under such h'sh duties, was
transferred to the same quarter, to be applied in dis-
charge of the public debt, and disbursed on the in-
numerable objects of expenditure there.
Under the operation cf such powerful causes,
there could not but be a van and sudden expan-
sion of the currency where they were in such great
activity, and with that expansion a corresponding
increase of prices and the cost of product on.
Nor ciold this state of thinss cea^e ti'l the in-
creased cost of production become equal to the
duty imposed for protection. At that pi int, and
not before, csust specie ceare to flow in, and the
exchange to be favorable; but wh*n reached, the
tide must turn, importations of ihe protected arti-
cles would recommence, specie flow out, and ex-
changes become adverse This mu^tbe so obvious,
that it would only darken to attempt to make it
more char. Wi.h the turn of the tide the banks
ma-l contract, and pecuniary eraban sssment a-d
distress follow. Such, under the operation of the
causes assigned, ovist be ihe result, for reasons
which appear to me hresistible. But, sir, I do rot
mean to leave so important a j oint lo the mere
force of argument, however clear and certain.
intend to prove by incontestable authority of de-en-
cuments, such was, in fact, exactly the result. I
intend to place the pnociple laid down, as I have
said, beyond doubt or civil.
The first authority I shall adduce, is from the*
repott of a committee of the other House, made in
Pebiuary, 1832, by Campbell P. Whif, the chair-
man, then a member fr«m the c ty of New York.
The report is evidently drawn with great care,
and by one familiar wi'h the subject; and
has the advantage of tei'g on anoth r subject,
(ihe curre cy,) without pny reference to the tarifl
or protective system, and evidently without any
knowledge of its operation. Hear, then, what the
report says:
"The recent export of specie has swept away the delusive
coloring given totheactuil result of production in 1320, 13 0,
and the early part of 1831 Real estate apprecia'ed greatly;
local stocks commanded unheard of prices; waiet.ouses and
dwellings were improved and embel ished, and money was so
abundant, that it could readily be obtained to any amount,
upon promissory notes How changed is the general aspect, ot
things within a few months! All our solid possessions and means
of industry remain, Ian I continues to be equally productive, la-
bor is recompensed with its usual reward; the seasons have
not been unfriendly. Whence, then, this lamentable change
in our affairs? Wliy this great scarcity oí money, deprecia-
tion in value of all commodities, and of all property,  reat
commercial distress, and absolute impossibility with many sol-
vent persons to discharge their just debtt; so'peedily and
gnevioualy succeeded the gratifying and prosperous picture
which was so lately presented?"
What a confirmation tjf the deductions of rea 
Sftn, both in the swelling tde of prosperity, and
the lurniug ebb of adverMiy. The sketch of the
later U m t unsuited to the pre-ent time; good
seasons, and productive year-*, a d evry element,
apparently, of plenty and prosperity, and yet deep
and widespread distress; though, at that time, theie
•popUBwnt 378, House of Representatives.
$38,000,000 $56 500,000
The?e ar?, it w.ll be borne in mind, the prin-
cipal manufacturing States-. In the period of two
ye?rs, we find their bank circulation, taken in the
aggregate, expanded from thirty-eight to fifty-six
and a hilf millions of dollar?, making an increase
of six'een and a half millions, equal to forty-four
per cent. But ihi  falls far short of the actual in-
crease. The year 1829 is not included. It must
have been one of great expansion, as the import of
specie greatly exceeded iu> exports; which, with the
iavorab'e s'ate of 'he exchange imphel, mu^t have
greatly increased the bus ne^s of the banks and the
circulat on of their notes. The reverse must have
b>en the ca-e in 1832, which is included, as we
know by tee report itself, that year and the latter
part of the prrceditg, was a period of severe con-
traction,   If a return could, be bad, of J829, '30,
and the early part of '31,1 venture nothing in
a«sertinz that we shou'd nnd the cmnpaiison, com-
pared w.th 1828, th ; year ot the tariff, -ar grea-er
in propt r ion.
That the e is no nv'stakein attiibuting this great
expansion to the tariff, might be farther shown, if
arid'tiora! proof were necessary, after such conclu-
sive evidence, from the fact that it is impossib'e to
assign any other adequate ciuse. As far as can
be seen, there was no other cause in epca'ion, po 
litical or commercial, ihat could have produced ihe
results. It was a penod of profound peace, and
ihe exports and imports of the country steady to an
unusual degree.
Should doubt, however, still remain in the mind
of any one alter all this accumulation of evidence,
I will next call the aitei,tn n of the Senate to a fact
which must berorcluMve with all disposed to receive
ili>? truth. By turuing to the table showing
the extent of bank circulation in '30 and '32 in the
four States a'ready refem d to, it will be seen that he
expansit n was greater or les*-, just as 'he States, re-
spectively, «ere more or le^s manufactunrg. It will
not be douvted that Rhode Island is the most ma-
nu'ac uring ot the four, and we accordingly find
trer<; the graa'e-t expansion; and that for the sim-
ple reason, that there the cau rs ?s^gned mubt
have teen in ihe s'a'e of the greatest activity. Her
b.ink circulation doubled in tie -hort space of two
year<, as appears by the table. Massachu^e ts is
the next; and we find hers i« the next highest, bring
sixty-five per cent. New York is still less so, and
hers is but forty per cent.; and Ptni sylvan a,
the le^st of the lour, had, exclud ng the Brink oí
the Urited State5, increased only twer ty per cent.
If the s'aiement had extinded farther biu h, and
taken in the stapl* Stales, I venture little in
making the asseitioa that, instead of expansion,
their bank circulation would, for the same period,
have been found in the opposite 'ta'e, for the re-
verse reason. It will be Been \hi Bank of the
United States had expanded sixty-seren per cent.
This gr at increase, compared to the local banks
of Pennsylvania, may probably be attributed partly
to loans negotiated farther E st, and not ím, rob?-
bly berau«e her accommrda 'Otis were somewhat
enlarged, from causes cimected v ith ber effort*,
at the lime, to obtain a renewal of he-r charter.
I fust that I h.ive now establi hed to the entire
satisfacioi of t'ie S nate, the tiu'h of the great
pniieijls wh ch has been laid down—that
every increase of proieciive dutins s urce sari y
followed, in the presen' condition of our country,
by an expansion of the cumncy, wheh must cen-
tnue to increase till the increased price of produc-
tion, caused by the expansion, shall be equal to the
duty imposed, when a rew tariff will be required.
Assuming, then, the puncip'e as inconirovertib'e,
it follows that the natural tendency of the protec-
tive system is to expan I, in seeking to accomplish
its object, till it terminates in explosion. Ii would
be easy to show, from what has already been
stated, that this tendency must continue till the ex-
ports shall be so reduced as to be bare'y sufficient
to meet the demands of the country for ihe ameles
not included in the protection; as it most beob-
ViOus, so long as they exceed tnat amount, so lorg
mu-t specie continue to be imported, and the ex-
change to be in cur favor, till the protection is
b;oke down by the expansion of the cuirency.
The consummation, therefoie, of the system,
must be one of two things: explosion, or the reduc-
tion of the exports, so as not to exceed the amount
of the unprotect d articles; but eaher t<rmmaiion
must prove disastrous to the system; the form r by
a su<'d< n and violent overthrew, and the latter by
the impoverishment of customers and racing up
of rivals, as they ceased to be customers. To have
a just conception of its operation in this particu-
lar,   will be nece-sary to bear in mind, that the
South and the West are the great consumers of
the products of the North and East; and iha' the
capacity of the South to consume, depend* on her
great agricuburfl staples almost exclusively; and
mat their sale and co sumpfon depend mainly on
the fore gn market Wra', then, would be the ef-
fect of reducing her exports to t e point indicated,
say to forty or fifty millions of dollars? Me st cer-
tainly to dimiuMi h*r capacity to consume «tys
a
