Pab>l$4MH
APPENDIX TO THE COÑGRESSlOÑAt GLOÉÉ.
itt
26th Cono*•••1st Smb.
Stat« Debts—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
products of the North and East in the .same pro-
portion, followed by a corresponding diminution of
the revenue, and the commerce and navigation of
the country. Bat the evil would not end there, as
great as it would be. It would hare an equal or
greater effect on the consumption of the West.
That great and growing section is the provision
portion of the Union. Her wide and fertile re-
gion gives her an unlimited opacity to produce
grain and stock of every description; and these,
for the most part, find their market in the staple
States. Cut off their exports, and their market
would bedestroyed; and wi h it, the means of the
West, to a great extent, for carrying on trade with
the Northern and Eastern States. To the fame
extent, they and the staple States would be com-
pered to prodoce their own supplies, and would
thus, from consuméis, be converted into rivals with
the other section.
How much wiser for all would be the opposite
system of low duties, with the market of the world
opened to our great agricultural staples? The
effects would be a vast increase of our exports,
wi'h a corresponding increase of the capacity to
consume on the part of the South and West,
making them rich and contented customer*, in-
stead of impoverished and d «contented rivals of
the other section. It is time that this subject should
be regarded in its true light. The protective sys-
tem is neither more nor lass man a war on the ex-
ports. I again repeat, if we cannot import, we
cannot long export; and, just as we cut off* or bur-
den thejmpoits, to the same extent do we, in ef-
fect, «at off and burden the exports. This I have
long seen, and snail now proceed to prove, by refe-
rence to the public documents, that my assertion is
sustained by facts. The table of exports shows
that during the seven years from 1824 to 1831, our
domestic exports remained nearly stationary, not-
withstanding the great increase of onr population
during that period. Y< ur statute book will show,
that daring the same period, the protective system
was in its greatest vigor. The first relaxation took
place in December, 1830, under ib* act of the 20th
May, of the same year, which made a great deduc:
lion in the duties on coffee and tea. I shall now
turn to the table, and give the exports of domestic
aitides for those years, beginning with 1824:
Here Mr. C. read the following statement:
In 1824 the domestic exports were 050,649,500
1$25          "   '        ««       "      66 944 745
1926          "   T        "       "     53,055 710
1827          "              .    "     58,921.691
,  1828          *             «       '«     56 669,669   '
1829          "            "       "     55,700,193
183           "            "       "     59,462,029
, If we take the average of (he first three and the
last of the these yearn, we shall find the former is
a million and a-half greater than the latter, showing
an actual falling off, ins'ead of an increase, to that
extent, in oqr exports.
With 1831, the redaction of duties com-
menced on the articles mentioned; and in De-
cember, 1833, the first great reduction took
place ond-r the compromise act. I thill turn to
the same table, beginning with 1831, and read a
itatement of the exports for the e ght years under
the approach to the free trade system. It is but ¡in
approach. I invie especial attention to the rapid,
rise,after the great reduction in December, 1833.
In 1831 the domestic experts were $61,277,057
1832           «       "  "         "     63,137,470
1833           «          "        «     70,317,698
1834                        «          «     81,034,162
1835           «           «         ««    101,189,082
1836           «          «            106,916,680
1837           "          «        m     95,564,414
1838           ••          «        «     96 033 821
. How rapid the rise just as the, weights are re-
move! ! The increase, since the great reduction
in 1833, has nearly doubled the average exports,
compared with the average of the serea tariff year*
proceeding 1831, and would have qui'e dou-
bled them, had not the expanded and deranged con-
dition of the currency, and the consequent embar-
rassment of commerce, prevented it.
But what will appear still more extraordinary
to those who hare not reflected on the operation of
the protective system, is the great iocreaie of the
exports of our domestic manufactures, as the duties
go vfff following, in that respect, tt e same law
that ifgul;tes the expotts of the greit agri, ultural
s'aples It fe a precious fact, that speaks vo'umes,
and which demands the serious consideration of
the manufacturing portion of the Union. I Weil
remember t*>e sanguine expectations of the friends
of the system, of the great increase of the exports
of domestic manufactures which they believed
would follow the tariff of 1828. Well, we now
have the resu't of experience, under that
act, and also under that of a partial ap-
proach to fr e trade, and the result is ex-
actly the rever>e of the anticipations of the
friends and advocates of protection. So far from
increasing, under the tariff of 1828, the exports of
manufactured articles actually diminished, while
they have rapidly increased just as they have
gone off.
But the table of exports shall rpeak for itself.
During the foot years under the tariff nf ^4,
that is from that year to '29, when the tariff of '28
went into oreration, the exports of domest'c manu-
factures gradually declined from $5,729,797, in the
year '25, to $5,548,354 in the year '28. From
that time it steadily declined, under the tariff of'28,
each succeeding year showing a falling off com
pared with the pr<ceding, till '33, declining,
throughout the period, from $5,412,320 in
'29, to $5,050,633 in '32, and showing an aggre-
gate failing off, during the whole tariff regime of
eight ytars, fiom '25 to '32, of nearly $700,000.
At this point, we enter on the relaxation of the
system, and there has been an onward move,
w.th but little vibration, throughout the who'e
period, till the present time. The last year
we have is '38, when the exports exceeded
any preceding year. They amounted to
$8,397,078, being an increase, du-ing the six years
of the reduction of duties, of $3,346 445, against a
falling off, in the preceding eight years of protec-
tion, ef $700,000—an increase of 65 per cent, in
six years, and this in the midst of all the embar-
rassment of commerce, and expansion and de-
raegtmeht of the currency, and, let me add, what
has been so much dreaded by the friends of manu-
factures, ti e mighty increase of the exports of our
great agricultural staples, during the same period;
a clear proof that, under the free trade system, the
one does not interfere with the other. Let no
friend of manufactures suppose that this interesting
result is accidental. It is the operation of fixed
laws, steady, and immutable in their course,
as I shall hereafter show.
Now¿ sir, I feel myself, with these facts, war-
ranted in a<serting that if the deranged state of the
currency had not interfered.the great manufacturing
interest would have gone on in a flourishing condi-
tion ddiing the whole peiiod of the reduction un-
der the compromise act, proving thereby, to the
satisfaction of all, the fallacy of the protective
system. Any supposed loss, from the reduction of
duties, would have been much more than made* up
by the increased ability of the South and West to
confiime, and the rapidly growing importance of
the fore'gn market.
But 1 have not yet done with thesystem. It has
addition-land heavy sins to answer for. The ta-
riffof '23 is the source in which has orginated that
very derangement of the eumney, which has to
greatly tmbarftsses, at this time, the verv interest it
was intended to rrotect, as well as all o her branch-
es bf industry. Bold as is the assertion, I am
prepared to establish it to the letter.
It has already been proved that the great expan-
sion of the currency in '29,'30, and '31,was the im-
mediate eff ct of ihe tariff of '28. It remains to
be shown th.it the cause of the still greater and
longer continued expansion wh;ch has terminated
in the overthrow of the banking system, and the
deep and almost universal distress of the conntry,
may be clearly traced back to the same source.
To do this, . we must re'urn to the year '32,
and trace the chain of events to this time. In
that year, the public debt was fina'ly discharged.
The vast revenue which had been puured into
the Treasury by the tariff of '28, and which had
acce'erated the payment of the publ c debt, could,
after its discharge, no longer be absorbe4 in the
t
ordinary expenditures of the Government, and a
sarplu- began to a cumula'e in the Treasury. The
late Bank of the United Sta e3 was then the fiscal
agent of the Government, and the depository of its
revenue. Its growing amount, and pospectsof
great future increase, began to act on the cupidity
ef many of the leading State banks and some of
the great brokers of INew York. Hence their war
against that ins'itution; and hence, also, the re-
moval of the deposites. The late President I be-
lieve to have been really hostile to the Bank on
principle; but there would have been little or no
motive to remove them, had it not been for their
gnwing importance, and the hosti ity which the
desire of possessing them had excited. They were
removed, and placed in the vaults of certa.n State
banks. To this removal and deposite in the State
banks, the members over the way are m the habit
of attributing all the disorders of the currency
which have since followed. Now I ask, in the first
place, is it not certain, if it had not beeu for the
surplus revenue, the d-posites would not have been
removed? And, in the second, if there would have
been a surplus radii not been for the tariff of '28?
Again: is it cot r qually clear that it was the magni-
tude of the surplus, and net the removal, of itself,
that caused the after derangement and disorier?
If the surplus had been but two cr three millions,
the ordinary sum m deposite, it would have been
of little importance where it was kept; whether in
the vaults of the Bank of the United States, or
iho?e of the Stairs; but involving, as it did, fifty
millions and more, it became a question of the
highest importance. I again ask, to what is this
great surplus to be attributed, but to ihe same
vcau'e? Yes, sir, the tariff of 1828 caused the sur-
plus, and the surplus the removal and all the after
disasters in the currency, aggravated, it is true, by
being deposited in the State banks; but it may be
doubted whether the disaster would have been.much
less, had they not been removed. Be that, how-
ever, as it may, it is not material, as I have shown,
ihat surplus itself was the motive for the remo-
val. We all remera' er what occurred after the
removal. The surplus poured into the Treasury
by miPions, in the form of bank notes. The
withdrawal from circulation, and locking up in
the vaults of the deposite banks, so large an
amount, created an immense vacuum, to be
replenished by repeating the issflei which fare to
the banks the means of unbounded accommoda-
tions. Speculation now commenced on a ggantic
scale; prices rose rapidly, and one par.y, to make
the removal acceptable to the people, urged the
new depositories to discount freely, while the other
side produced the same effect, by censuiing them
for not affording as extensive accommodations as
ihe Bank of the Unitfd States would have done,
had the revenue been left with it. Madness ruled
the hour. The whole community was intoxicated
with imaginary prospects of realizing immense
fortunes. With the increased rife of piices began
the g gantic speculations in the public domain, the
price of which, being fixed bylaw, could not par-
take of the general rise. To enlarge the room for
their operations, I know not how many millions
(fifty, I would suppose, at least, of the public reve-
nue) was sunk in purchaing Indian lands, at iheir
fee simple price nearly, and removing tribe
after tribe to the West, at enormous cost; thus
subjec in? millions on millions of the choicest
public lands to be seize) on by the keen
and greedy speculator. The tide now swel'ed
win irresistible force, from the banks the
deposi es passed by d scounts into the hands of the
land speculators; from them into the hands of the
receivers, and thence to the banks; and again and
again repeating the same circle, and, at every
revolution, passing mi lions of acres of the public
domain from the people into the hands of specula-
tors, for worthless rags. Had this state of tawgs
continued much longer, every acre of the pnbué
lands, worth possessing, would hare passed from
the Governor nt. At this stage the alarm took
place. The revenue vas attempted to be squan-
dered by the wildest extravagance; resoluuors
passed this body, calling on jhe Departments to
know how much they could fpend, and muctrre-
W*B BtWr ielt becw  they could not  f«4
