If 6
APfcENtilX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GÍOBÉ.
Feb. 184ft.
26th Co       1st S ess
Stale Debts—Mr. Ca'houn.
Senate,
fast enough. The depose act was parsed, and
the Treasury circular issued; but, as far as the
currency was concerned, in vam. The explosion
followed, and the banks te.l ia convuls'ons, to be
resuscitated for a moment, hat to fall again from a
more deadly stroke, under which they now lie pros-
trate.
I hare now presented, rapidly,   the unbroken
chaiu of  events up to the prolific source of our
disasters, ami down t;> ihe present time.    In addi-
tion to the causes oiig'na'ing directly in the tar.ff
of lt23, th re  were several   collateral powerful
ones, which have contributed to the present pros-
trated ondition of the currency and the banks,
but which would  have been comparatively harm-
less of ihemselvts.   Among the-e w.is the impor
tontj change in the charter of the Bank ot Eng-
land, at the last renewal, atout the time our sur-
plus revenue began to accumulate, by which its
notes were made a legal tender in all cases, except
between the bank and its creditors. The obvious ef-
fect   of this moJifiaation was  to diminish the de-
mand for specie in that great mart of the wor'd,
and, in consequence, must have tended powerfully
to keep the exchange with us in an easy condition,
while the tide of circulation was rap dly rising to a
dangerous he'ght.    But there was anuthtr cause
which contributed still more   power ully to   ihe
same result: I refer to ihe great loans negotiated
abroad by States and co'poraticns.    To ihese I
add   the operation of ihe United States Bank of
Pennsylvania, the dinct object oí which, in some of
its more prominent transartons, was to prevent ihe
exchange from b-com ng adverse tou«.
By the operation of these causes combined, the
exchanges were kept easy for je-r , notwnhsar d-
ing the vast expansion which our ciiculation hid
attained, (Mm the powerful action of ihe more di-
rect causes to which I have adverted. The stroke
was delayed, but not averted, and fell but tne
heavier and mote fatally, because delayed. And
where did it fall, wh n it came, mostheavil}?
Where 'he mea-nre which caused it originated;
on the heads of its projector*. Behold how error,
folly, ar.d vice, in the ways of an inscrutable Pro-
vidence, turn ba k on their au hers.
It is full time f r the Noith, and more especially
for New England, to pause and p nder. If they
would hear the vo-ce if one who has ever wished
them well, I would say that 'he renewal of the
protective system would be one of ihe grea'est ca-
lamit es that ciuld befall you. Wnatever inciden-
tal good could te derived trom it, yi,u have aln a-
dy acquired. It would, if renewed, prove a pure,
unadultera'ed evil. Tf-e very reverse is your true
policy. The great question for you to decide is,
how to command the foreign market. The home
market, of itself, is too scanty for ycur .«kill, your
activ ty, your energy, your unequalled inventive
powers, jour untiring mdus ry, jour vasilv in-
creased population,and accumulated capital. With-
out t e foreign market, your un-xampled march to
wealth and improvement must come to a stand.
Ho*, then, are,jou to o"btain command of the fo-
reign marke 1   That is the vi'al question.
The first and inlispensable siep is a thorough
reformatijn of the currency.   Without a solid, sta-
ble, and uniform currency, you never can fully suc-
ceed.   The present currency is incurably bad.   It
is impossible to give ii solidity or stability. "A con-
vertible bank currency, however well regulated, is
subject to violent and sudden changes, which must
forever unfit it to be the standard of vtlue. It isby f i r
the most sensitive of all to every change, commer-
cial or political, foreign cr domestic; as may be
readily illustrated by ief.-rence 'o the ordinary ac-
tion of fee gi exchanges  on such c :rrency.    For
this purpose, let us assume that our ddinary cir-
culating   medium,   when   exchanges   are   easy,
amouns to $100,000,000, cmsistm , as it ¿oes, of
convertible bank paper.    Let us suppose that it is
all issued by what arc called sound specie pay-
ing banks, with a citculation of three dollars cf pa-
per for one dollar in specie,  which is regarded as
constituting safe banking. Next, suppce exchang«
abr ad   turns   against  us,   to the  amount   ©f
410,000,000.    I? if not clear, that instead of re-
dacing the circulation by that amount, that is, te
i9O,OOO,0OO, wh.'eh  it  would dojf ^t cqsmsted
 
only of spec e, it would be reduced three
times the amount; that is, to $,70,000,000? Let us
now suppose the exchange to turn the other way,
from this point of depression, and to be kept flow-
ing in that direction till it came tobe #10 000,000
in our favor, instead of that amount against u .
The result would be, under the operation of the
same law, not to increase onr circulation to
$¡110,000,000 on'y, wh-ch wou'd be the case if
consis'irg of spicie, but to $130,000,000; making
a difference between the extreu e points of depres-
sion and elevation of $60,000,000—moie than
equal to one-half of the usual amount of circula-
tion by supposition, wth a corresponding increase
if prices—instead of $20,000,000, equal only to a
fif h, and with but a proportional effect on prices.
A change the other way, from the extreme point of
elevation to that of extreme depression, would
cause the revtr^e effect. I hold it certain that no
honest indus ry, pursued with the view to modeiate
and steady profit, can be safe in the midst ot such
sudden and violent vie ssitudes—vicissitudes as if
from summer to winter, and fiom winter to sum-
mer, without the intervention of fad or spnng.
Such great and sudde?. changes in the standard ot
value mus' be particularly fatil with us, with our
moderate!) accumu'ated capital, compared to the
efflvt on the greater accumulation abroad, in older
coun'nes. In stating the caso sjppo-ed, 1 h.ive rs-
sumed numbers at random, wi huut rretending
to jccuracy as applied to our country, simply to
illustrate the principle. The acujl vibration may
be greater or l ss ihan th^t supp *sed, but in every
country where bank ciicu'ation prevails, it must be
greater and greater, just in proportion to the extent
of ns prevalence.
For this diseased state of your currency, there is
bat one certain remedy—to return to the currency
of the Constitution. Read that instrument, and
hear whit it says. "Congríss shall coin money and
regulate the value thereof; no Stale .«hall emit bills
of credit, or make any thing but gold and silver a
legal tender." Here are positive and§riegative pro-
visions; a grant of power to Congress, and a
limitation on ihe power of ihe States, in referí nee
to the currenc '. Can you doubt that the object
was to give to Congress the control of the cur-
rency? Whit e.se is the meaning "to regula'e"
the value thereof? Can 50U doubt that the cur-
iencj was intended to be specie? What else is the
meaning "io coin nionct/'?" Can you doubt, on the
other hand, that it was the intention that the States
should not supersede the curtency whic^i Coa-
gress was authorized to e ubl¡sh? What elie is the
meaning of the provisions that they shall not issue
bills of credit, or m<ke any thing but gold and
silver a legal tender? Can we doubt, finally, that the
country i, not in tue condition that the Consiitu ion
intended, as far as the currency is concernec?
Does Congress, in point of fact, regulate the cur-
rency? No. Does it supply a coin circulation?
No. Do the Sta'es, in fact, regulate it? Yes.
Dees it consist of paper, issued by the authority of
ihe S'ates? Yes. Is this paper, in effect, a legal
lender? Yqs; it has expelled the cunency of the
Constitution, and we are compelled to take it or
nothing. Well, then, as the currency is in an un-
constitutioral condit.cn, the conclus'on is irre-
sistible that the Constitution has failed to effect
what it intended, as far a  the currency is con-
cerned; but whether it has failed by misconstruc-
tion, or ihe want of adequate provisions, is not yet
decided. Thus much, however, is clear; that it is
through the agency of bank paper that it has
failed, and the power intended 10 be coniei\ed on
Corgress over the currency has been super-
seded. But for that, the power of Congress
over the currency would have been this day
in full force, and tie currency it-elf
in a constitutional condition. Nor is it less e'ear,
that the Constitution cannot be restored, while the
cause which has superseded it remains; and this
present  the great question, how can it be removed ?
I do not intend to diners it on this occasion. I
shall only say, that the task is one of great delica-
cy and difficulty, requiring much wisdom and cau-
tion, and in the execution of which, precipitation
ought to be carefully avoided; but when executed,
then, and not till then, thall we havt the solid, sta-
ble, and uniform currency intended by the Consti-
tuí m, and which is iud spensable, not only to the
(all success of our manufactures and all other
branch's of prodncttve industry, but also to the
safety of our free institutions.
The next indispensable step to secure to the
manufacturers ihe foreign maiket, is low duties
and light burdens on productions; yes, as low and
light as the wants of jhe Government will permit.
The less the burden—the freer and broader the
scope given lo the products of our manufactures—
the better for them. Above all, avoid the renewal
of the protective system. It would be fatal, as far
as the fore gn market is concerned.
Its hostile effects I have already shown from the
table of exports; and shall now, by a few brief
remarks, prove that it must be so. Passing by
other reasons, I shall pre-ent but one, but that one
decisive. It has been shown that the eff ct of th 
pro ective ryu^m is to expand the currency in the
manufacturing s-ctions, un ii the increased price of
producti n shall tecome equal to the duty im-
posed for protection, when the importation of the
protected articles must again take piare; that is to
say, that its effects arp to enable foreign manufac-
turers to meet ours in our own country, under the
di«adv€*intage of pacing high additional duties.
How, then, with that re^u't, would it be po^sible
for our manufacturers to meet the foreign fa-
brics of the same desenp'ion abroad, where there
can be no duty to protect the m? There can be no
answer.   The reason is decisive.
I do not wish, in what I have siid, to be
con iderel the advora'e of low wages I am
in favor of high wage ; and agree that the
higher the wages, the stronger the evidence of
prosperity; provided (and that is the important
point) they are so naturally, by the effectiveness of
industry, and not in consequence of an inflated cur-
rency, or any artificial regulation. When I say
the effectiveness of industry, I mean to comprehend
whatever is calculated to make the labor of one
country mnre prolnctive than that of others. I
take into consider uion skill, activity, energy, in-
vention, perfecion of instruments and means,
mechanical and chemical; abundance of capital,
natural and acqiired; facility of intercours; and ex-
cV anges, i-ternal and external,and, in a word," hit-
ever miy add to the productiveness of labor. High
wages, when attributab'e to the^e, is the certain
evtd'tice of prodacttveue-s aod is, on t'nat account,
and that only, ihe evidence of prosperity. It is
«asily understood. Just as such labor would com-
mand, when compared with ihe less productive, a
greater number of pounds of sugar or tea, a greater
quantity of clothing or food, in the same propor-
tion Win d it command more sperie, that is, higher
wages, for a day's work. But, st, here is the im-
portant consideration: hi°h wages from such a
cause, require no protection—no, not more than
the high w?ges of a man asainst the low
wages of a boy,of man sgainst women, or the skil-
ful and energetic asainu the awkward and feeble.
Oa the rontraiy, the higher such wages the less the
protection required. Others may demand protec-
tion against it—not it against others. The very
demand of protec'ion, then, is but a confession of
the want of effectiveness of labor (from some cause)
on the side that makes it; but, as a general rule,
it will turn out that protection, in most cases, is a
mere fallacy, certainly so when its effects are an
artificial expansion of the currency. So far are
h gh wages from being the evidence of prosperity,
in such eases, or, in fact, whenever caused by high
protection, high taxes, or any other artificial cause,
it is the evider.ee of the very reverse, and always
indicates something wrong, and a tendency to de-
rail: ement and decay.
Hawng arrived at th's conclusion, I will now
hazard the assertion, that in no country on earth
is labor, tak ng it all in all, more effective than
ours; and especially in the No them and Eastern
portions. What people can excel our Northern
and New England brethren in skill, invention,
activity, energy, persaverance, and enterprise? In
what portion of the globe will you find a position
more favoiable to a ftee ingress and egress, and
facility of intercourse, external and internal,
through the broad limits of our wide 6pread cow
