178
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cono*>"1st Skis.
Repeal of the Salt Tax—Mr. Clay of Ky.
Feb. 1840.
Senate.
nance the price to the people and the profit to
themselves. This results from a double, indeed, a
triangular, monopoly. la the first place, these
companies enjiy a monopoly of bank facii'ies
which enab'es them to purchase or rent the whole
salt-water region—to clese as many of the exist-
ing wells as their interest may íequire, and to pro-
hibit the opening of others. Thus the monopo'y
of faci ities to purchass, gives them a monopoly
of the source whence the article is drawn, and to
these they add a monopoly of is sale, in the first
instance, to the retail merchant, who must pay the
price the companies fix, as they alone can supply
his demands. In this manner, an a'tide which
enters into ths daily bread of every man, is taxed
to an extent limited only by the rapacious pleasure
of heartless combinations. And what, sir, is the
character of these monopolies 1 They are asso-
ciations formed to suppre s, not to develope, the
natural resources of ins country, formed to rebuke
nature for the abundant bounties she offers to
necessitous man. What would be thought of the
result, if companies of men should band themselves
toseiher, obtain exclusive control over the whole
iron region of Pennsylvania and of the Union.stiike
down half the furnaces and forges now in opera-
tion, p: event the erection of others, reduce the
quantity, monopolize the whole, and increase the
piice of iroa from six to twenty dollars per hua-
d¿ed? Would this state of things be endured by
the people? And would they justify Congress in
keeping up a tariff to exclude this article from
abroad, and to fo> ter its ruinous monopoly at
home? No; and yet, so stands the fact, with re-
gard to fait.
Sir, if there be in our language one word which,
better than any other, describes the. exact idea of
despotism, that word is monopoly.   Within itself
are contained all the essential elements of oppres-
sion.  When, during her reign, the English Queen
Elizabeth, had granted to her courtiers monopolies
of almost every branch and article of commerce,
the   just complaints of her plundered   subjects
roused the House of Commons to revolt against
the  cruel extortions thus practised upon them.
Her authority was absolute over Parliament, and
Parliament was obsequious to her will.   But to all
authority, and to all obedience, necessity prescribes
a limit. These monopolies were no longer to be
borne, and when the Minister, being called upon in
the House, read over the list of the articles monopo-
lized, a member indignantly exclaimed: " Is not
bread among the number?"    So palpable were
these outrages upon the people, that the minister
was required   and  compelled to give the royal
piedge that they should be diminished; and dimi-
inshed they were.
Well, sir, how stands the matter with u ? A
Senator presents documents from citizens of his
own and other States, containing evidence of this
salt monopoly, of the injustice and oppression it
inflicts upon the people. He asks the printing of
these papers preparatory to the repeal of the
duly os foreign salt, by which these grievances are
fostered. And how is he met? Toe monopoly
stated in the papers, no Senator denies; the injustice
of the burden thus imposed upon the people, all
must admit; yet this motion, which looks to. the
remedy of an evil so great, is resisted on the plea
of expense, so small as it is known that expense
must be. And by whom? With what propriety
is this resistance made? It is made by Senators
who, on former occasions, themselves moved and
voted the printing of large and numerous volumes
of documents, and that, though each document was
but the duplica'e of the other, and all but little else
than the mere registers of names. They weie
printed at a cost fifiyfold greater than this now
proposed, and at a time, too, when we were told
by the same Senators that bankrupcy and de-
spair, both individual and national, were
alone to be found in the land. But
these, sir, were bank documents, bank peti-
tions, bank memorials, not asking relief for the
people against monopolies, but demanding the
people's public treasure, the deposites, for the be-
Befit of banks, and with them a renewal of char-
ters, to enable these corporations still longer to
prey upon the people.   It was to print such docu-
ments as these, for such objects as these, at such
an expense, that those Senators, at such a time as
that, one and all, from day to day, moved, spoke,
and voted. But now the cate is changed. It is
proposed to print papers with a view, not to in-
crease the powers and profits of monopol sts, but
t  relieve the people, the farmers, the mechanics,
the laborers, against their rapacity: and to this
it is answered, that these grievances, great
though they be, must nevertheless be borne,
because it will cost some dollars to remove them.
Sir, the tmth i«, and it shall be told, that Congress
has become so habituated to receive and obey the
dictates cf bank* and monopolies—to Utile accus-
tomed toh?ar er to heed the suggestions and griev-
ances of the farmers, the mechanic*?, and the la-
borers of the land—the real people of this country—
they whrse toil constitutes its prosperity in peace,
whose vaior its defence in war—that whenever
they complain of wrong and injustice, as but sel-
dom they do, their complaint* are recsiveJ with
utter indifference, the very evidence of their truth
being denied the favor of printed pub icity; yet let
but a bank stalk into their chamber, and Senators
spring to their feet, and hurry to embrace it, a  if,
with a monopoly of the currency, it enjoyed like-
wise a monopoly of all their affections.
I look, sir, upon this move of the Senator from
Missouri, as a measure of relief for the real peo-
ple of this country—the great agricultural and
working community; and as such, I will vote for
the printing of thee papers, to any reasonable
number.
Mr, CLAY of Kentucky replied to Mr. Allen
with much animation.   He said he rose to mark
the Senator from Ohio, who had just taken his
seat.   He rose to mark the disorganising and revo-
lutionary tendency of his remarks.   Ail this about
monopoly was but a new form of attacking the
rights of property.   A man may not use his pro-
petty in what form he pleases, even if sanctioned
by the laws of the community in which he lives,
without being denounced as a monopolist.   If this
company in the western part of Virginia are great
monopolists, is not the State of New York, with
her extensive salt works, a still greater monopolist?
He had for the last few years purchased salt ior his
own use which had been manufactured at the New
York works, and he had got a good article at what
he considered a fair price.   Suppose such charges
as were contained   in these   papers were made
against that State, would her regresentatives on
this floor sit quietly under them, and permit their
publication to the world?    But we are told that the
object is to effect a repeal of the duty on salt—a
repeal of  this miserable duty of six cents  per
bushel!   And how will that prevent the manufac-
turers from getting, what every man has a right to
get, the highest price for his productions?   But, sir,
the whole tenor of the gentleman's remarks were
in conformity with that agrarian spirit, which I re-
gret to be compelled to say has of late years been
so prevalent, end which is rapidly increasing: that
levelling spirit   which is   at  war  with the  in-
stitutions of the country:   which  first   attacked
the United States Bank, then the local banks, and
now it is endeavoring to lay violent hands on the
fishing bounties.   But, he would ask, what right
have you to interfere with the citizens of a sove-
reign State, and denounce them as monopolists,
who are pursuing their avecations under the pro-
tection of the laws of the State?   If this company
has transcended its charter, and abused the powers
conferred upon it by the Legislature of Virginia,
send your complaints to Richmond, and they will
be investigated, and, if there is any ttuth in them,
they will be redressed.   What right have you to
arraign the Old Commonwealth at the bar of this
Senate?   If the Senator wishes to complain of mo-
nopolies, let him go home to his own State.   Go
to Columbus with your levelling sentiments, and
see how they will be tolerated.    He  protested
against the doctrines of the speech of the Senator
from Ohio, is detestable in their nature and abomi-
nable in their consequences.
Mr. ALLEN replied. I am, Mr. President, by
no means surprised at the inflamed feelings, so
inflammably expressed by the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Cuy.]   No, sir¿ for I was well aware
thit no man could here lift his finger against the
abuses practised by privileged monopolies, how-
ever obvious those abuses or ruin us their effects
upon the people, without incurring the prompt
displeasure of Senators on the oth?r side of this
chamber. And why? Is the exis eace of these
monopolies disputed? Are the evi's resulting to
the community denied] Ni-t at all; neither the
one or the other. Their existence is justified, and
the evils excused, on the sole pretence that
both are beyond our reach, and within
the exclusive jurisdiction of the States. We
are, therefore, forbidden to speak of these
things as burdens upon the peopl?, although
our avowed object in doing so is to show that these
monopolies are fostered by an existing law of this
Government, which it is proposed to repeal. If
the facts exi*t—if they are the resulting conse-
quences of our law, should not the law be repealed?
Should we not give some reason lor the repeal?
And, if so, how can the reason be given without
speaking of the facts, which them: elves constitute
that reason?
But, sir, monopolies are in question, and mono-
polies will never want friends and defenders.     If
their abuses cannot be openly justified,  they will
neveriheless be slyly drawn under the protection of
lome general principle,  broad and terrible enough
to afford them impunity, and to affright the timid,
who might otherwise be  inclined to expose thun.
Thus it is in the present instance.    The production
and sale of one of the common necessaries of lile
are, throughout the country, monopolized by com-
binations of men, who, aided by an existing law of
this Government, are enabled  to extort the most
unreasonable prices from the people.    Well, sir,
I spoke of this public evil as a reason for repealing
the  law by which it is aggravated; and this it is
that the Senator from Kentucky denounces as an
attack  upon   property;   as   if   these companies
had the right of property in a public law, that
rendered it   intangible   to   the   law-making and
law-revising   power.     It   is   this   that   he   de-
clares   an   assault   upon   private  rights;   and
it is for having thus complained of these abuse?,
and proposed a remedy, that the Senator rose, as
he said, to mark me—to msrk the principle 1 ad-
vanced, as tending to the destruction of property,
to a system of levelling and public confusion.
And what, sir, is this prisciple of levelling?   Does
it consist in defending the rights of the people, and
the proceeds  of their toil, against the insatiate ra-
pacity   of  these monopolies—monopolies which
have already taken every form and shape—which
subsist upon taxes drawn from the people, against
their will—which have utterly destroyed the po-
litical equality   of  men,   in a Government de-
signed   to   render   all   politically   equal,    and
which,   in   every  part  of   the   land,   now   lift
themsTlves above the surrounding multitude, as
the numberless mounds upon the plains of the
West, rise above the uniform level?   If, sir, an
honest res stance to this   prevailing tendency of
every thing, in our age and country /towards mono-
poly—towards the concentration of all business, of
all property, and of all power, in the hands of char-
tered combinations—'towards the extinction of the
individual man and the erection of privileged or-
ders, as the sole constituent elements of the politi-
cal system—in a word, towards the establishment
of an aristocracy founded in frau I and nurtuted
by pillage—if, sir, resistance to  this tendency of
things—if a defence of the rights of men, as sincere
as it is fearless, against every effort to plunder and
oppress them—if a deep and a generous sympathy
with my countrymen in all their sufferings and in
all their joys—if a desire to s.e all happy,no mor-
tal! miserable, and if a firm determination to do the
duty of a good citizen to effect these ends—if these
things constitute a leveller, then a leveller am I.
Sir, every law of nature is a law of equality.
Upon that basis was this Government formed. By
its fundamental law each citizen stands upon a
political level. From that level he starts, alike
unaided and unrestrained by Government, to rise
or to sink in the social scale, to whatever point his
virtues, his abilities, his industry, his economy, or
the want of these qualities, may fix as the mark
of his merit.    Protected in all the rights he pos-
