Feb. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lt9
26th Cong......1st Sess.
Repeal of the Salt Tax—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
resres, restricted only by the rights of others, he
is left to determine for himselt   his own social
rank and fortune in life.   But whatever this rank
or fortune may be, politically, he never leaves that
level.   And, sir, it is because, in the nature of
things, law cannot discriminate in favor of one
man, without, by the same act, discriminating to
the prejudice of another, that free institutions re-
fuse to discriminate at all.   Thus it is, that poli-
tical equality, by making the gratification of each
man's hopes depend alone upon himself, stimulates
every faculty, discourages every vice,and produces,
in the end, a greater aggregate of virtue and of
happiness, than any other form of Government
allows.   These, sir, are the reasons of nature; they
were the reasons of those who founded our insti-
tutions-,   and    these   are   the   sentiments   which
the Senator from Kentucky denounces,as an assault
upon property; as tending to level society.   Yes;
level, leveller—these were his words; and now sir,
I demand to know by what authority in this Go-
vernment   that Senator presumes to lift himself
above the common level ol his countrymen?   Le-
velled   What friend of liberty—what man tf jus-
tice and magnanimity desires to be otherwise.   Sir,
it becomes not me to speak of myself; but since the
Senator from Kentucky rose, as he said, "to mark
the Senator from Ohio," I, in my turn, rise to tell
that Senator that I would utteily disdain to accept
any political discrimination in my favor, over the
humblest, the poorest citizen, who   lives by my
side.   No; Í would spurn it, if for no other reason,
because the pride of my soul would never acknow-
ledge a natural inferiority, requiring such discrimi-
nation to render me the equal of any man.
Eut again: these sentiments, it seems, assault
private rights—'end to public distraction.   For this
argument, the Sanator merits not the glory of ori-
ginaliy.   No: It is as old as the world.     It was
the first, it is the last, the only argument of despo-
tism against popular government.   Every defence
of the rights of man, every effort for  civil liberty
1ms ever been, and ever will be, denounced as tendi-
ing to the insecurity of property ,and,by consequence,
to public anarchy.     The jure divino right of kings
to rule, in absolute despotism, over mankind, is
claimed as a resulting necessity from  the danger
to which, it is alleged, private rights and public or-
der are exposed by free insii'utions.     This princi-
ple of absolute, irresponsible power, so revolting as
it is to human reason, so odious to human jus ice,
has long been scouted rut from the southwestern
portion of Europe.     It flourishes in full maturity
only in the oriental world, whilst in the North, and
in a part of central Europe, it lives in a form now
so modified as to indicate its approaching total da-
cay.   But wherever it ¡s found, and in whatever
form,  it stands upon the same inveterate argu-
ment.   And, sir, if Prince Metternich, its ablest
defender in Europe, at this day, were now  asked
the question, "Can popular institutions permanently
exist?" his answer would be, No.   In support of
this answer, he could but repeat the reasoning
of the Senator from Kentucky.   He would tell
you property is insecure; the unbridled will of an
unbridled people, tends to reduce men and things
to an uniform level, and must, therefore, result in
anarchy and ruin.   Such ever has been, ever will
te, the argument of its enemies, against   civil li-
berty. Sir, the sentiments we have heard,the efforts
we have seen this session, in the Senate, portend to
this country a gloomy future, if these sentiments
and efforts prevail   Public grievinces exist, yet
the people are tobe told, told by the Senate, their own
Senate, that they are not allowed to see the evidenee
of these facts. Such is the case, not only in the present
instance, but such was likewise the course, but a
day or two ago, in relation to the committee's re-
port on the debts of the State?.   Then, as now an
effort was made to withhold frsm the people'lhe
facts and the reasons upon a subject of the most
vital importance to every man in the Republic
But, sir, I regret not this course of Senators. Their
hostility to the publication of that report, and of these
documents, wilt whet the public curiosity to see
them; and thousands who might otherwise have
remained indifferent, will now seek them  with
avidity.   For, sir, there is fa our nature a principle
esistance to restraint, which promp's ns to do
whatever we have a right to do, for no other reason
than that we are forbidden, by those wfeo have no
right to forbid-
A word more. The Senator frem Kentucky
tells me, if I with to complain of these salt mono-
polies, to go home to Columbus, to the Legisla-
ture. That Senator, on a former occasion, told
me to go home. I did so—not at his bidding, but
at my own volition. There, sir, I saw the sove-
reign people face to face; we talked to each other;
I speak not of results. But, sir, I shall not retort
this command on that Senator, and tell him to go
home. No, not I; I want him here. I would not
that he should leave this body for any amount of
the best coin my friend from Missouri ever pro-
posed to circula'e. So long as that Senator con-
tinues here, the people will understand the princi-
ples of his party, and that is all we desire. Long,
therefore, may he remain; and, as an individual,
long may he enjoy health and happiness.
Mr. PRESTON said he was in favor of a repeal
of this duty; and when the question came before the
Senate, he should vote for the repeal. It was one
of the absolute necessaries of life, and he was in
favor of so raising our revenue, as to make it fall
principally on articles of luxury. But he could
not permit the remarks of some Senators who had
participated in this debate, to pass without notice.
He thought their tendency was mischievous in the
highest degree. He- thought these appeals to the
passions of the people, which were becoming so fre-
quent of late, should not receive the countenance of
the body. Such appeals had been the means used
by demagogues, in all ages, to enslave the people,
whose name they invoked in their inflammatory ap-
peals. The atrocities of Danton, of Marat, and of
Robespierre, were all perpetrated in the name of
the people, who were massacred in myriads, and
whose blood was shed upon a thousand scaffolds,
under the orders of these monsters in human
shape. Gentlemen, by their remarks, would lead
us to believe they intended to advance the position
that this was a Government of the people, which
would be en'irf-ly subversive of the principles upon
which it is based. This was a confederate Go-
vernment, composed of sovereign States. We are
the representatives of sovereign States, and the re-
presentative of a State with one hundred thousand
inhabitants is equal, on this floor, to him who re-
presents a State with a million of inhabitants.
He regretted to see the prevalence of such disor-
ganising and levelling doctrines, which were of the
Fanny Wright school of politicians, and were as
destructive of the rights of property as they were
contrary to the principles and spirit of our institu-
tions.
Mr. BENTON was well pleased that the Sf nator
from South Carolina [Mr. Preston] would vote
for the abolition of the salt tax; it would be a good
vote, and would offset his speech against printing.
He was sorry to heur the old monarchical cry
against attacks on property. It was an old cry,
beginning wi.h the origin of monopolies, and con-
tinued down to the present day. There were but two
parties in politics, and never had been, and never
would be. They had existed always, and might
he seen in the Bible—in first Samuel—as well as
in all;profane history. One of these parties, after
getting undue advantages, formerly by force, now
by corporations and monopolies, always raise the
cry of attacks on property when any of their undue
acquisitions were in danger. This old cry had long
been worn out. It was actually used up by the
Federalists about forty years ago. And with what
face invoked now? A parcel of salt monopolizers
who rent furnaces and wells to be idle—who hire
owners of salt water not to dig for it—who poison
their salt by adulteration—who stint the supply
to the community—who district the country and
allowance if, and allow it not half enough; these
monopolizers, by their defenders on this floor, cry
out that their property is attacked when we pro-
pose to prove their monopoly, and its abuses, and
to repeal the salt duty which, by impeding the im-
{•ortation of foreign salt, enables them to monopo-
tze all that is made at home.
. ■ Mr. B. said, who objects to the printing of this
testimony, showing the salt monopoly in the West?
Who objects to the piinting?   The very party, and
the very persons, who printed six large volumes of
pvnic memorials and petitions for the Bank of the
United Suites, during the panic session of Con-
gress! The^e are the gentlemen who object to this
printing. We have evidence, drawn from nearly
thirty counties in Missouri, signed by several hun-
dred citizens of known character; and objection is
made to printing their testimony, and made by
those who printed six volumes of panic petitions
for the Bank of the United States, signed by the
retainers of the Bank, and by unknown persons,
and, as was said at the time, by the dead! for it
was said that the names of the dead were upon
them, and that many of the petitions looked like
they had got their names from the tomb stones.
Mr. B. said, here was a new attempt at a panic;
but it could not succeed. The attempt now is to
make people believe that property was attacked !
It was a weak attempt, and would end ridiculously.
The time had gone by for these successful assaults
on the nerves. Without the aid of the Bank of
the United States, no panic could be made in this
country; and that institution had now got too weak
and loo low to be able to make alarm and distress.
Far from attacking property, it was monopoly
which was attacked; and the only effort was to
prove the salt monopoly and abuses, and to with-
draw from it the aid and support of the Federal
Government. The Government aided this abuse
by its tax on foreign salt; and the only application
was to withdraw the aid, by abolishing the tax.
Gentlemen said the trx was a trifle—only six or
eight cents. Did these gentlemen know that that
was a tax of near one hundred per centum on
Turks Island salt; and upwards of one hundred
on Portuguese and Spanish salt; and near two
hundred per centum on Italian and Adriatic salt?
If they knew this, they should not call the tax a
trifle; if they did not, let them vote for printing the
papers presented, and they would learn it. They
would learn that the price of alum salt, the import
price, was from eight or nine cents a bushel down
to two and a half and three cents a bushel.
Mr. B. said, if the tax was nothing, why did the
monopolizers wish it to be kept up? If it an-
swered tbem no purpose, why object to its sup-
pression? Their language was one thing, and
their conduct another. They know that a duty of
one cent is just as good for them as a duty of
twenty cens. All they want is a duty—no matter
how small—any thing that will compel the importer
to go to the custom-houie, and procure American
security for the payment of (he tax. The credit
on the sat duty is nine months; bat American
security must be given; two American citizens
must be got for security. This throws the foreign
salt into the hands of those who make it a business
to furnish this security. This creates a barrier to
the free importation of salt, and enables the mo-
nopolizers and their associates to get possession of
the foreign salt at New Orleans; and possession is
all they want. One cent duty is as gpod to them
as twenty; and, therefore, they struggle as hard to
keep upa duty of six or eight cents, as ther did to
keep up a duty of twenty cents. Any «fntjr will
answer their purpose; and, therefore, they struggle
as hard for the smallest duty as for the largest. In
this they were like the Bank of the United States,
which struggled as hard for a six years' charter, or
for a twelve years' charter, or for an elongated
charter, as it had done for the full term of twenty
years: and why? Because any charter which pro-
longed it a few years would prolong it forever!
This it knew, and, therefore, worked violently lo(
the shortest term—no mat'er how short. So of
these salt monopolizers. Any duty which throws
the importer of salt upon their agents or accom-
plices, for American security, will answer thfir
purpose.   They will be satisfied yi\kme_ cent
duty.                                      - • «  ,
Mr. B. scouted the charge of_*Wa*k if°* Pro;
perty as being equally sukandunfouhded.andsaid
that no false teaea sho^W^om the^chamber.
The attack was *4^ d1 * r
which he offered-cbuld be printed. Mr. B. then
XtflseVeral tajb«* from the papers to prove the
monopoly and its great abuses in suppressing the,
