180
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Con8".«1st Skss.
Repeal of the Salt Tax—Mr. Wright.
Feb. 1840.
Senate.
manufacture of salt—in adulterating it—in raising
the price—in giving false measure—and in district-
ing, allowancing, and stinting the Western
country.
Mr. B. said that combinations to raise the price
of a necessary of life, was a crime by the laws of
all civilised countries, and was punished as such;
yet here, on the floor of the American Senate, such
a combination was not merely defended, but to ask
the United States to cease to aid and encourage it,
was called an attack upon the property of the mo-
nopolizers ! Such is the perversion of judgment
and feeling which even penetrates «his chamber in
this age of monopolies and chartered privileges!
He said it was nearly as bad now as it was in John
Law's time, under the Regent Duke of Orleans—
the Mark Anthony of modern times—when mono-
poly was the order of the day; and when duke ,
counts, and marquises, were engaged in monopolies
of soap, grease, hay, oats, sugar, spices, coffee,
Ae.Ae.Ae.
Mr. B. said it was curious to see the parallel
between the present times and those of John Law.
He was the father of the credit system, as it is
called, that is to say, the system of fictitious and
baseless credit—credit which has neither property
nor character to rest upon—nothing but the impu-
dence of the crtiitet and the credulity of (he credt-
t«r—and the success of the creditee in multiplying
his funds by ten. This was the whole credit sys-
tem of Law. Deatpler was his word. Multiply
by ten was his game. With a capital of a hundred
thousand, do business for a million, and draw pro*
fit upon the million; this was his plan, and it is
the plan now followed in the United States; and
with the same results in all things, and especially
in the business of monopolies. Every thing is
now a subject of monopoly in the United States,
all aided and engendered by the bank monopolies.
Beef, bacon, pork, butter, eggs, flour, salt; all, all,
fall into the vortex of monopoly; and the most
odious of these, that of the salt monopoly, is aided
and fostered by our duty on foreign salt.
Mr. B. said he never felt more hearty in any
cause than in this attack upon the salt tax, its mo-
nopoly and abu<e<\ Not even in the case of the
most glorious expunging resolution, did his feel-
ings and judgment go more ardently together. He
was an enemy to a salt tax by itself, and to a mo-
nopoly by itself; but here both the tax and the mo-
nopoly went together; the two abuses were united,
and produced unmeasured mischief to the commu-
nity; and he pledged himself to the Senate and the
people to make battle against these abuses until
they were abolished, or until his capacity for battle
ceased. What he now said was nothing. When
he got the papers printed, he should bring out the
facts, which would be wonhy of the pub ic atten-
tion. In this nineteenth century, the facts and the
reasons were all that was wanted. Regular built
orations were now nothing.
Mr. B. returned to the question before the Senate,
which was—not the repeal of the salt tax—but the
printing of the papers to show that it ought to be
repealed. One thing at a time was enough. When
the question of repeal came on he would go into
it with a spirit to go through it, and wonld thank
the friends of the tax for their custom. For the
present, he wanted the information printed, which
would show the injury done to the country by the
duty on foreign salt, and the injury done to the
Treasury by the fishing bounties and allowances.
The Salt Document printed last spring had done
great good; it had killed the salt tax as tar as it
went! He believed bo one read it without being
convinced that the tax ought to be repealed. The
wrath of the friends of the tax against this docu-
ment, showes its value to the country. They de-
nounce it for the harm it docs their cause, and
the good it does ours. So of the present papers;
tbey oppose the printing, because it will complete
the work which the other document began. They
oppose these papers for the same cause they op-
posed the others.
Mr. WRIGHT said he rose to ask what was the
question before the Senate! The debate had taken
so wide a tange, that the real question was likely
to be lost sight of. What was it? Simply to print
the paper? referred to in the motion of the Senator
from Missouri. Thoe papers had been presented
by that honorable Senator to the Senate; had been,
on his motion, referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance, and were now reported back ty that mem-
ber of the committee, with instructions to ask for
their printing. The motion to print was now be-
fore the body, and was the only question presented
for its action. Would any one who had l'stened
to this debate, without a knowledge of these facts,
have supposed this to be the question under discus-
sion? Would they not rathtr have supposed that
the bill for the repeal of the duty on salt, or som«
measure having for its object the pun shinent of
monopolies and frauds in the dealers in salt, was
now before the Senate, and about to receive its
action? It seemed to him that no other conclusion
could have been formed by the impartial listener to
the discussion. Yet no such proposition as either
of these had been presented by the Committee on
Finance.
It was true, a bill had been introduced by the ho-
norable Senator from Missouri, proposing to repeal
the duty on salt, and that bill had been referred to
the Committee on Finance; but it was also true
that the committee had not }et even taken up met
measure for consideration, much less made any re-
port upon it. It remained in the hands and po-s
session of the committee, wholly unacted upon, and
was not in the possession or within the reach of the
Senate for its action. Still the debate would have
compelled a hearer to suppose that the committee
had reported back that bill, had recommended its
passage, and were now urging the Senate to final
action «pon it. Net only so, but the farther im-
pression would be produced that the Committee on
Finance of the Senate had originated and presented
to the Senate penal enactments against those who
had attempted to govern the price of salt in various
parts of the country, by associated monopolies.
It was his duty, standing as he did, in relation
to that committee, to correct impressions so erro-
neou«, and so certain to follow wherever a report
of this debate should go. The committee, as he
had already said, bad not even considered the bill
to repeal the duty upon salt. They had not, so far
as he knew, formed any opinion in regard to that
measure. Certainly they had not, as a committee,
expressed any opinion upon it. Much less had they
attempted to assert the right in Congress, to punish
monopolies and mischievous associations in the
States of the Union, of any character. They had
simply recommended the printing of certain pa-
pers referred to them by an express order of the
Senate, touching the subject of the salt bill, and
the fishing bounties, though he did not himself con-
sider a portion of the papers as relating very di-
rectly to any of the provisions of the bill before
the committee. Yet that portion of the papers
was, as he thought, and as the committee thought,
well worthy of publication. They disclosed facts
deeply interesting to every inhabitant of the whole
country, to every interest connected with the es-
sential article of salt.
He was not very familiar with the contents of
the papers. They were voluminous, and the com-
mittee had not thought it neceisary to detain them
for minute examination, in their manuscript form,
after they had seen enough of their contents to
render the printing, in their judgments, proper. He
could not, therefore, speak particularly of the in-
formation pioposed to be furnished to the Senate
and the country by the printing. He would make
one or two general references to parts of it, and to
those parts less relating to the salt bill, and he
would make the practices at the Kanawhasalt works
the basis of his statements, because he thought he
recollected more particularly the history given in
the papers of the fraudulent and mischevous prac-
tices there. He would be corrected by the hon-
orab'e Senator from Missouri, who was perfectly
familiar with the whole testimony, if he should err
in his facts.
One of the practices to which he alluded, was
that of forming an association to monopolize the
whole of those extensive works in the hands, and
under the control, of a single company; then to
limit the supply of salt for the country depending
upon those manufactories for the article, and thus
to raise the price most exorbitantly to the consu-
mer?. The process was to posses; ili'inselves of a
t-mall number of the manufactorii s lor actual us ,
and to pay a stipulated annual tent to all the
others te remain idle, and make no salt; then to
district the country to be supplied wi h salt; to ap-
point a selling agent for each district; to send all
the salt for each di,-lrict to that agent, and to him
only; and to give him, from lime to lime, a limit,
or minimum of pric?, below which no salt should
be sold in his district. To such an extent had this
system be^n carried, that, of some hundred and
sixty manufactcrles at Kanawha, but forty bad
been worked for the }eir, ne remaining one hun-
dred and twenty being hired to remain closed, whi'e
salt to the consumers, dependent upon these works
fur their supplv, had been raised to the f normous
price of three dollars; and he believrd sometime;
even much higher, for the bushel of fifty pounds
weight.
Another practice was also disclosed, not less re-
prehensible, and perhaps infinitely m< nj injurious
to the public. Thi* was the practice of adulterat-
ing, by system and desisn, the small quantity of
salt made, and thus sparingly dealt out to the com-
munity under the arrangements for extortion be-
fore described. Tr.e adul eratinn was effected by
using chemical agent*; to retain in the salt im-
purities held in solution in the water, and which,
without being thus retained, would be principally,
if not entirely, separated and excluded by the sim-
ple process of boiling. Tallow was said to be the
principal agpnt thus employed, and such was the
effect described to be, that, while ths salt made
would have a more rich and white and beau ifuI
appearance to the uninstructed eye, one hundred
pounds of tallow was considered equivalent to
the ordinary rent of a manufactory for a season,
or about five thousand bushels of silt.
Mr. W. said he would go into no further detail
as to the contents of these papers, nor would he
stop to consider the pertinency of the facts he had
stated to the salt bill in the hands of the committee.
It was enough for his purpose that the statements
were made, that they were laid before the Senate
and the committee as facts, that they rested upon
responsible authority, and that they were deeply
interesting to the whole country. These conside-
rations were sufficient to induce him, as a member
of the committee, to recommend the printing, and
would induce him, as a member of the Senate, to
vote for it.
The charges against the manufacturers of, and
dealers in, salt, are grave and particular. Are they
founded in truth? If so, the publ c ought to have
full possession of them. Are they false? They
ought to be made known that they may be met and
refuted. Why then should we refus? to print the
papers? Upon what grounds was the motion op-
posed? Strange as it might seem, principally upon
the giound that the printing would be an infringe-
ment of the rights of the States!
An infringement of the great State Rights prin-
ciple, in our system, for the Senate to order the
printing of these papéis? Papers, if true, deve-
loping the most wicked system of frauds and im-
positions, in reference to one of the necessaries of
human and animal life, which has ever been deve-
loped to an intelligent people? And how is this
objection to the prnting sustained? By a reference
to bis own State! He is told here that she is the
greatest monopolizer of salt in this Union, and that
the printing of these papers will damnify her im-
portant inteiests in the article. Is this so? No,
sir; no. Her interests in her extensive and useful
salt works are not to be injured by developing the
frauds and impositions practised elsewhere. On
the contrary, her direct interest is to have these pa-
pers printed, and the tiuth known in reference to
the whole matter, and especially that she may thus
show the superiority of her system of police upon
this subject. She has not submitted the manufacture
of salt, at her works, to speculators and monopoli-
zers, so far as the purity of the article is concerned.
That power she has retained in her own hands.
Every drop of water boiled, or evaporated, is sup-
plied by State agents and under the supervision of
State officers, and every bushel of salt made is
carefully inspected by a competent State officer,
and its parity thoroughly tested, before it is per-
