Feb. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
26th Cong.......IstSess.
Repeal of the Salt Tax—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
mitted to seek a market among the consumer .
Without fraud and perjury in these officers, or
smuggling on the part of the manufacturers, no
i mposition can be practised upon the public in the
quality of the New York salt. The same police is a
perfect defence against the monopolies complained
of in these papers. They could not exist without
the knowledge of the officers referred to, and they
would be faithless to their duly to suffer them to
exist for a day without leing made known to the
whols State and to the whole country. This obli-
gation weuld arise from their moral duties as pub-
lic servants; but there is another obligation upon
hem more direct and immediate. The State im-
poses a duty per bushel upon the salt made, and to
guard and protect and foster that revenue, is the
especial duty of these officers. Any association,
therefore, to diminish the quantity of salt made,
would be, to the same extent, a conspiracy to dimi-
nish the Stale revenue, and would, in that way,
come within the especial jurisdiction of those offi-
cers, and call upon them for prompt exposition.
It is not new to the experience of that State that
great frauds may be practised in the adulteration
of the salt made, nor is it that extortion in the price
of the salt may be attempted by the manufactu-
rers. Hence the retention by the State of its mi-
nute control over the whole matter, and its con-
stant and continued efforts to furnish a pure and
wholesome quality of salt. It is not enough, upon
this point, that frauds and intended adulterations
are guarded against. Expense must be incurred,
the nicest processes of manufacture must te adopt-
ed, and the extremes! vigilance used to expel from
the water its impurities, and make it yield a pure
silt. To these points the constant attention of the
State inspectors have been directed, and the re-
SHlts, within the last twenty years, have been tri-
umphant.
Is that State, then, to be told that her interests
depend upon secresy in these matters?—that her re-
venue is to be destroyed by the publication of
these papers, and the exposition of abuses such as
he had pointed out, existing elsewhere? Are her
dignity and sovereignty to be infringed by such a
publication, a proclamatk n of frauds connected
with other salt works in the country, similar to
those which her experience has taught her would
exist at ber own, but for the vigilant supervision
which she has been wise enough to retain over
them?
No, Mr. President, (said Mr. W.) New York
has no such fears to entertain from this harmless
motion. She has, however, a direct interest in the
publication of these papers. Her fait is a pure ar-
ticle. It goes into the market without combina-
tions to raise the price. Her works can supply
any quantity for which a fair market can be found,
and her revenue is graduated by the quantity ma-
nufactured and sold. If, then, it be shown that,
in consequence of frauds at other saline*, she can
furnish a better and cheaper article to their custom-
ers, her interests are promoted by the develop-
ment. What is the fact now stated by the honora-
ble Senator from Kentucky, (Mr. Clay?) That
he has, for the last year or two, obtained his sup-
ply of salt from the New York works, and that he
has received a pure article, at a fair price. Where
are the Kanawha works, compared with those of
New Yoik, in reference to him? And if the New
York salt can descend the Ohio to the point re-
quired to supply the honorable Senator, what por-
tion of the country is there, accustomed to depend
upon the Kanawha works for a supply of salt,
which cannot be supplied from Onondaga? Let the
facts be known, then. Let it be understood that a
wide and open market exists for pure salt within
the reach of the New York w^rks, and he would
be responsible for the injury to her interests, her
feelings, or her sovereignty, from the publication of
the fact.
Suppose, sir, that the charges contained in these
papers were directed against the New York salt
manufactories. Would it be my duty to rise in
my place here, and resist their publication? No,
-:-    Whether ü ue or false, that State would exact
sir.
no such duty from her Represents ves here. It
has never been her practice to conceal any attempts
at fraud, connected with her extensive and rich
salines. On the contrary, she has always sought
to give to every imposition upon the public the
most extensive publication, and she will not require
of those who represent her here to attempt to make
secrets of that information in relation to others,
which she invariably makes public in relation to
herself.
Another objection to the printing of these papers
is urged, not less singular than that which has just
been considered.    It is said that the motion savors
of agrarianism; that the attempt to expose these
monopolies and frauds here, by a publication of
the proof of their existence and extent, is acting
upon a principle which, carried out in praciice,
would lead to thedistributonof property,and the
other levelling doctrines of the agrarians.  Mr. W.
said it would be difficult to make any distribution
of property by which he should not be benefited
in a  pecuniary sense, but it was nevertheless a
doctrine which   he repudiated, and he should be
compelled to vote against  the motion, if he could
see that principle in the order to print.   He could
not, however; and he was surprised to hear the
opinion advanced.   No legislation is proposed, and
all that is asked is the simple publication of most
important information upon a subject of universal
interest.   If the statements contained in the papers
be true, he was sure no one would attempt to
justify the practices complained of.   Should they
not then be made known?
Suppose it were charged here, with the authen-
ticity of this testimony, that a number of farmers in
Western New York had combined to raise and
control the price of provisions, and that to accom-
plish their object, they had hired three-foaiths of
the farmers of that fertile wheat growing region
not to cultivate their farms for a given season.
Would it be his duty, as a Representative of the
Stale here, to resist the publication of the fact?
No. It would be his duty as well to his State and
the people he represented, as to himself, to give it
publication, to proclaim it to the world, and thus
do all that it is in our power to do to arrest the in-
tended evil.
The honorable Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Preston] had said that we do not represent
the people here; that we are the representatives of
the sovereign States, not of the people of the Slates;
that one Senator may represent a million of popu-
lation, and another one hundred thousand, and yet
we are all equal here. This is true; and yet where
rests the sovereignty of the States, but in the peo-
ple? Who are ihe sovereigns of the States but the
people ? And would he have those of us who re-
present populous States forget our increased obli-
gations growing out of the increased interests com-
mitted to our charge? Would he make us un-
mindful of the fact thai we represent millions in-
stead of thousands, and of the interests, the wishes,
and the safety of those millions?
[Here several Senators, among whom the voices
of Mr. Webster and Mr. Clay were heard, said
"Yes, that is the rule; we ought to represent the
people of our respective Slates."]
Mr. W. said he thanked the gentlemen for re-
minding him of the tendency of his remark. It
would save him a future explanation. He had
said upon that point precisely what he intended.
He held it to be his duty truly to represent the
wishes and interes's of the people of the Slate
which bad honored him with a seat here, and he
should continue to govern hisactsand votes by what
he believed to be those interests and wishes, unless
arrested in his course by the command of another
and a controlling voice. He hoped this explana-
tion would satisfy the gentlemen upon the other
side of the House, who had manifested so kind an
interest in his faithfulness to his constituents.
Mr. WEBSTER said he had no objection to the
printing of these papers. The time is coming when
this subject will be dispassionately considered, and
at that lime, though he would throw out no chal-
lenge, he would endeavor, to prove that the present
moderate duty on salt was necessary to keep the
article at fix d and uniform prices, and that it had
no tendency to produce or aggravate the high
prices which were complained of.
Mr. CALHOUN said, that as the question was
about to be put, he desired to make a few remarks
on the motion, before he gave his vote. In the
first piace, he wished to know from the chairman
of the Committee of Finance [Mr. Wright]
whether the proposition to print these papers at this
time, is intended to have any practical bearing;
or, in other words, is it the intention of that com-
mittee to report the bill now before it, to repeal the
duty on salt, for the action of the Senate this ses-
sion?
[The answer of Mr. Wright not being very de-
finite, Mr. C. continued.]
I understood from the declaration of the Senator
who introduced the bill, [Mr. Benton,] that it was
in ended to press the passage of the bill this session.
[Mr. Benton said, yes]
Well, then, I shall vote against the printing, be-
cause, among other reasons, I am opposed to the
repeal, or any other action on the subject, at this
time. According to my view of your finances,
we shall have not a cent to spare. The most
rigid economy will scarcely be sufficient to carry
us through the year without borrowing, or,
what is the same, in effect, resorting to our
own credit; and if the duty on salt should
be repealed, the deficit would have to be
made up by laying a corresponding duty on
something else, or to borrow money to make good
the deficit, to either of which I am opposed. I ask
the chairman if my impression as to the state of
the Treasury, and what must be the consequence of
a repeal of the duty, is not correct?
[Mr. Wright assented.]
I now ask the Senators from that portion of the
Union, for whose benefit it is proposed to make the
repeal, and through which the Cumberland road
passes, whether they are prepared to vote the bnr-
den off their shoulders, at this time, and to ask ns,
in the next breath, to borrow money to carry on
that road for their accommodation? I hope not;
and, if not, that they will add their vote against the
useless expenditure, at this time, of printing these
papers.
But, sir, this is not my only objection to the re-
peal, even if it should be found to be expedient
when the question comes fairly before us, as it
must in a short time. The compromise act is
taking off the duty on salt as rapidly as the interest
of commerce and the community will permit. It
is now about six cenis the bushel, and will be re-
duced, in the course of the next two years, tb two
cents the bushel, making the reduction, at the end
of the period, compared to what it is at this time,
equal to 100 per cent, per annum, which is suffi-
ciently rapid, one would suppose, to satisfy the
warmest friend of repeal; and certainly as rapid as
is consistent with sound commercial principles. I
need net tell the most ignorant of the laws of trade,
that all sudden transitions are ruinous to the regu-
lar and fa>r trader, as well as injurious to the ge-
neral interest of the community, and ought to be
carefully avoided, even where the change is, in the
end, expedient.
There is another decisive objection, not only against
the repeal at this time, but the agitation of the sub-
ject itself. It is we'l known that there must be a
general revision of the duties on imports at this or
the next session, unler the compromise act, which
ceases to operate in 1842. It is vastly important
that the adjustment to be made should be such as
will place the system of duties on the most equal
and permanent basis, looking to the general inte-
rest of the country in the broadest light. To do
this, we must come to the great work calmly and
dispassionately, with the whole subject before us,
free from previous sectional agitation or commit-
ment as to the articles in regard to which thejse-
veral portions of the Union may be particularly in-
terested. It is thus only that the whole subject mar
be fairly considered, and satisfactorily adjusted.
Every one, who knows any thing of th« roBculty
ot the task, must feel and acknowledge «¿correct-
ness of these views; and I would Bow!||sÍf,-is rt fair
for any one portion of the ^niOH ft  'Mr to be re-
lieved of its burden, i* adv«1K*<*  e resO would
it not give it an adtftfe^*** ,he f ?"1 ■£
justment comes. va*%&&TU2¡L¿Z¿ ¡¡5.
West disposed to seM *4 f*ieh «'^W, ** 
tUnel Wotild it toedber «¡ghtwr manly m her to
S *k ooncewkro from the Pther portions of the
