182
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1840
26th Cong..-.1st Sess
State Debts—Mr. Sevier.
Senate.
Union at this time? We must not deceive ourselves.
If salt is to be exempt from duty, some other arti-
cle must bear an additional tax; and, as a Southern
man, deeply interested in this question, I would
wish to know, when it is taken off salt, on what
other article it is to be laid. Is it to be laid on iron,
or cotton bagging, or some other articles as objec-
tionable at least as that on salt, as objectionable as
it is to us? These questions, so dteply interesting
to us, can be answered, practically and satisfacto-
rily, only on a general revision, to which lime, jus-
tice, equity, and fairness, demand that the subject
should be postponed. The delay can be no serious
injury to any interest, more especially as the duty
is going off as fast as it ought, on sound princi-
ples.
Bat it may be said that the information contained
in these papers is calculated to throw light on the
necessity of repealing the salt duty, and that they
ought to be printed, to enable us to act with intelli-
gence when the general subject of revision shall
come up. Admit that they are so calculated, I
still object to their printing, even it that view, at
this time; because it is plainly an attempt to fore-
stall public «pinion, on a single article, said to be
particularly oppressive in Pne portion of the coun-
try, in order to give it an advantage over all others,
when we come to the general discussion. I am,
sir, against all forestalling as unfair and injurious,
whether it be forestalling of public opinion as to the
repeal of the salt duty, or the forestalling the arti-
cle itself, of which the mover so loudly complains.
Of the two, the former may prove by far the most
exceptionable and injurious, if it should contribute
to prevent a fair and satisfactory adjustment of the
duties.
But, sir, if I had no other objection to the print-
ing of these papers, there is one, growing out Of
their character, if I understand their contents cor-
rectly, which, with me, is decisive. I know no-
thing of their contents, except as drawn from the
statement of the Senator himself. I infer from it
that a large portion consists, of correspondence and
other evidence, calculated to show that the manu-
facturers of domestic salt, who supply the West
with the article, are guilty of the most edious mo-
nopoly, fraud, imposition, and oppression, for
which reason it is proposed to repeal the duty on
the imported article. 1 confess I do not see how
the repeal of the small duty still remaining, and
the still smaller that will, after a short period, can
have the effect intended; but, be that as it may, I
utterly oppose the principle on which it is pro-
posed to place the repeal, and cannot give
it the countenance which the voting for the printing
of the papers would give. The principle involved,
according to my conception, is precisely the same
as that contained in the bill of the Senator from
Kentucky, which was condemned by so decided a
vote of this body at the last session. What did
that bill propose? That the President should dismiss
Federal officers who should interfere in elections.
And on what principle was it voted down? That
the right of suffrage was a reserved right, left by
the Constitution, under the regu'ation of the States
respectively, and that it belonged to them, and not
to us, to say who should and who should not vote,
and under what regulations they should vote, and
that it was not for us to supply any supposed de-
fect, or omission, on the pari of the States, in the
exercise of their power. This was the solid basis
on which we rested our objection to the bill, and
on which it was voted down by so strong a vote.
Now, sir, if we turn to this case, we shall find, if I
mistake not, the same principle apply with equal
force. The salt works, with their production, and
those employed in them, are under the exclusive
legislation of the States within which they lie, and
are exclusively subject to their regulation, as
is the right of suffrage. This no one will
deny. If, then, there be monopoly, fraud, im-
position, or oppression in their management, it be-
longs clearly to the States, where the works are, to
correct the abuse, and not this Government. None
will deny this. In fact, the Senator himself ac-
knowledged thi?, when he asserted that the State
was competent to make the acts of which he com-
plains, and which he proposes to establish by these
papers, a felony.   \ now ask what greater right
have we to assume in this case that the States have
neglected or omitted to do their duty, than in the
case of the right of suffrage; and, on that supposi-
tion, to modify our legislation so as to remedy the
evil, and punish the supposed delinquents? Can
any one point out any distinction in the two cases?
How, then, could we reconcile our vote at the last
session with a vote that would give countenance to
the principle proposed to be established by these
paper ? I protest solemnly against an act that
could lead to such an inference. If the duty on
salt ought to be repealed on financial principles, or
considerations of general expediency, let it be re-
pealed. In that case, these papers would not be
worth a farthing. But if not—if the repeal
is to be placed on the supposed defect, or omission
of duty, on the part of the States, a more danger-
ous and unconstitutional ground could not be as-
sumed. It would make this Government the su-
pervisor of the State Governments. If these
papers have any value at all, they ought to be
sent to the Legislature of Virginia, now in session,
which only is competent to correct the supposed
abuses of the salt establishments on the Kanawha
and elsewhere within her limits, and which consti-
tute the main object of their attack. As great as
would be the unconstitutionality of ordering them
to Richmond, to be laid before the Legislature of
Virginia, I would consider it far less so than to
make them the basis of our legislation
With a few remarks on a single point, I shall
close what I intend to say. It is proposed, with
the repeal of the duty on salt, to repeal the fishing
bounties, which, it is alleged, originated in the for-
mer. I do not intend to enter into that question; I
leave it to others to decide on their origin. 1 place
my refusal to a repeal of these bounties, at this time,
on a wholly different basis. The great navigating,
like the planthsg interest, has felt the heavy hand
of your protective system. It has had, like the
planting interest, to meet foreign competition abroad,
not only without protection, but under the weight
of oppressive duties, many of which still remain.
I, for one, whether the fishing bounties are right or
wrong in the abstract, will not agree to repeal
them till you are prepared to do justice to that
great interest. Take off your duties on iron, on
hemp, and on lead, which fall so heavily on it, and
then I shall be prepared to consider the expediency
of repealing those bounties, but not before. Jus-
tice and equity are higher considerations than ex-
pediency. I stand up for them. While I insist on
justice for the interest I represent, I would be
ashamed to stand by and see injustice done to any
other; and in this, I feel assured, I but speak the
sentiments of those I represent.
Mr. BENTON could answer the question put
to the chairman on Finance [Mr. Wright] with
more precision than he had done it. He held in
his hand the answer of the Secretary of the Trea-
sury to the question; for the Secretary had been
applied to for information as to the operation of
the Salt bit on the finances. The answer shows
it will save money—that it will save the Treasury
from loss. The bill is to repeal the salt tax and
the fishing bounties and allowances founded upon
them. Now, ths question is, what is the product
of the tax, and what the amount of the bounties
and allowances; and the answer i  here, (holding
up a sheet of paper.) The answer té, that for this
year the'tax exceeds the bounties and allowances
only by 110,000; and after 1843, when the com-
promise act takes full effect, will fall short of these
bounties and allowances about the one half! This
was an effect of that act, passed thnmgh Congress
without leave to amend it; and by which duties
are reduced without a corresponding reduction of
drawbacks and allowances founded upon them.
But he would not go further into that subject at
present: the time was at hand when he should
show, with the proof in hand, the operation of
that act, which was made out of doors, and rushed
through Congress without allowing an i to be dot-
ted, or a í to be crossed. Mr. Verplanck's bill to
reduce and regulate the duties was baffled for
months, that the Administration should not have
the credit of settling the question which the Presi-
dential election had already decided; and while
that bill was baffled   in  the  House,  another
was concocted out of the House, which was not a
settlement, but an adjournment of the tariff ques-
tion—which adjourned itfiomthe time when the
country was ready to settle it, to a time when they
will not even be thinking about it! That compro-
mise act expires in June, 1842; and is the South
and the West even thinking of the renewed contest
to which it is to give rise? That act was a master
stroke for the high tariff party! It took the ques-
tion away—laid it by to recruit—and plunges us
again into it in 1842. It conducted the tariff to a
point a' which it cannot remain—from which there
will be reaction. Every interest will be dissa-
tisfied, and there will be a general union of all in-
terests, to renew the h gh duties.
Mr. CALHOUN. 1 rise simply to correct the
erroneous statement of the Senator who has just
taken his seat. He affirmed, as a fact, that
the two extremes united to defeat the bill to re-
duce the tariff, introduced by Mr. Verplanck,
in the session of 1832-3—meaning the advo-
cates of the proetctive tariff and the State
Rights men of the South. Now, sir, I hold the
journals of that session in my hand. I hastily
turned to votes on the bill while the Senator was
making his remarks. I have looked at two decidsd
votes, in which the yeas and nays were called, on
that occasion, ihe only ones that I had time to ex-
amine; and I find that Mr. McDuffie and my ether
friends, as far as I have had time to examine their
names, voted with Mr. Verplanck himself, and I
will leave it to the Senate to decide whether he
opposed his own bill or not.
The truth is, the bill failed in spite of our sup-
port; and its failure, notwithstanding the urgent ne-
cessity of avoiding civil conflict at the time, is proof
conclusive, let who will say to Ihe contrary, that
nothing short of the means resorted to by Souih
Carolina would have brought to the ground the
odious and oppressive system against which it was
pointed.
On motion of Mr. WALKER, tha Senate ad-
journed.
Mondat, Feb. 17.—The question recurring on
the motion to print certain documents in relation
to the salt duties, Mr CLAY and Mr. DAVIS with-
drew their opposition, and they were accordingly
ordered to be printed.
SPEECH |OF Mk. SEVIER,
ARKANSAS,
, FcMuary 20, 1840—Oa Mr.
n relation to the assumption of
tatft by the Federal Govern-
In Senate, Thursdv
Grundy's report
the debts of the
ment.
Mr. SEVIER a<
Mr. President:
fessed the Senate as follows:
he resolutions of the Senator
from Missouri, upon the subject of State debts,
though modified by the committee to whom they
were referred, are resolutiens wholly of a negative
character. Neither the originals or the amend-
ments contemplate any legislation; but, on the
contrary, the objects of both are avowedly to pre-
vent legislation. These resolutiens, though nega-
tive, unusual, and extraordinary, lead us into the
consideration of the policy and condition of the
Slates; their wisdom, solvency, integrity, and, I
will add, their capability of managing with pru-
uence their own local and private affairs. They
ieaa us, also, into the consideration of banking and
luternat improvements, as now existing in, and
carried on by, the States; and of the consequences,
past, present, and future, of such systems upon the
general affairs of the States, as well as the influ-
ence they are calculated to have upon the policy
and welfare of the whole Union.
The first resolution presented for our considera-
tion, is, shall we pay those debts of the States, (or
which is the same thing, shall we assume them,)
which have been contracted by them exclusively
for local and State purposes? I answer, JVb. I an-
swer, that I am unwilling to agree to any such mea-
sure. I answer, that we have no such power con-
ferred upon us by the Constitution; that no such
measure was ever contemplated by the framer  o
that instrument, and tiat no such power was ever
exercised by Congress. The two cases put ia this
debate, the one of the assumption of the debts of
