Feb. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
26th Cowg««"1st Sess.
State Debts—Mr. Sevier.
Senate.
the reduction of duties upon imposts, and we an
ticipate equal reduction" in our burdens by lower-
ing the price of the public lands.   Such a measure
as this will be but meting out to us equal jastke.
And shall we look for these things in vain?   We
hope not.     We have bad many beneficial altera-
tion! made in the land system since it was first
adopted.   We have seen the size of the tract of
land, authorized by law to be sold, reduced, first to
320 acres, then to 160, then to 80, and lastly to 40
acres.   We have feen the price of the public land
reduced from two dollars to one dollar and twenty-
five cents an acre.   We have seen Congress grant-
ing maiy donations to actual settlers, and have
«en the passage of several pre-emption laws; and
the most of these things we have. seen before the
tariff was reduced, even when it was going up, and
onr country deeply in debt.     We have been wait- j
ing patiently upon the wisdom and justice of Con-
gress, and hope we shall not have to wait much
longer before our great burden is lessened in an
equal degree with those who  reside in the old
States.     The tariff has been reduced 40 or 50 per
cent, and why should not the land bill of the Se-
nator from South Carolina, which proposes some-
thing like an equal reduction, meet with the favora-
ble consideration of the Senate?   Is it because the
old States want this public burden kept on, which
they do not feel, that it may be divided! I pause for
a reply.
Mr. President, it has been alleged in this dábate
that the lands are indebted to the customs. It is
not important to my argument whether they are, or
are not, in debt to the customs. I think it due to
myself, however, to state that I do not subscribe to
the correctness of the calculations made by several
honorable Senators upon this subject; nor have I
thought it important to distinguish between the
lands held by cessions, or by purchase, as I con-
sider them all alike the property of the United
States.
Mr. President, how have the States got in debt,
that we are under any obligations to raise a revenue
to pay these debts? Or why should we divide
among them the land revenue, or any other reve-
nue, that they may pay their debts themselves?
They have got in debt, w« are told, in building up
banks, and prosecuting works of internal improve-
ment. And this brings me to consider these two
important subjects, which, in these times, mingle
themselves up in almost all our discussions of a
general character.   And first, of the banks.
The Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Allen,] as I do
him the justice to acknowledge, (and if I did not
believe he would be pleased with such distinction,
I would not so distinguish him,) has ever been the
most firm, consistent, and unwavering opponent of
banks and all their interests, either in or out of this
chamber, that I ever saw. Whenever a bank
shows its hideous features in his presence, he rises
to his feet for battle, with "his arrows drawn to the
head;" and I do not blame him for it, for I should
be an humble ally in his ranks, if 1 viewed them in
the light in which he does, as the authors of "all
our wee," or the authors of all the difficulties and
distress under which the country is groaning; and
as the authors of our debts, and embarrassments,
aad misery. And to illustrate his positions, and to
show us that the banking system, as we have it, pro-
duces the same results in "every age and clime," he
has taken us over the Alantic, and back to the reign
of William the Third of England, whom he deno-
minates the father of the Bank of England, and
from which, he says, the banks of America have
been modelled.
. The Bank of England, he alleges, is the cause
of the immense British debt. Now, sir, I d  not pro-
fess to be familiar with the history of the Bank of
England. But I have been taught to believe that
it cannot be justly chargeable with that debt, but
in a certain sense. I had ev^r understood it to be
the cause of these debts in this way and in no other:
the British debt grew out of her wars which she
carried on in Europe, Asia, and America, and out
of her acquisition of immense dominions upon
each of these continents. Her principal.debts were
contracted in struggling for her existence as a na-
tion against Bonaparte and his'allies. The Bank
pf England mainly furnished her with the means
of carrying on those wars; and but for the liberal
aid of the bank, it is probable that Great Britain
would have ceased to exist as a nation, and the
island of Great Britain would now, in all probabi-
lity, have been hut an island of France. And does
the learned Senator censure the Bank of England
for loaning her means to her country in such fear-
ful struggle*? I thiuk, mjself, he ought not to
censure that bauk for these loan ; although if the
bank had refuted its aid, it might have kept the
British Government out of d«bt. And, while upon
the subject of the Bank of England, I will add,
(what will probably but show my ignorance of
events in that country,) that I hare nerer heard
that the Bank of England was ever justly chargea-
ble as the author of any of the discontents, or insur-
rections, or rebellions in that country. Nor was it
ever, to my knowledge, considered as a grievance
by our ancestors in 1776, when it was supposed
that every prominent cause of complaint against
the mother country was embodied by Mr. Jefferson
in the declaration of our Independence. And I
infer from this silence upon the subject, in both
countries, that if the Bank of England had been
the cause of debts or misery on either side of the
Atlantic, that the wisdom of those times would
have found it out, and at least have charged it with
those sins.
But let us come near home, and see if the banks
of this country have occasioned the debts of the
States. During the existence ot the first Bank of
the United States, the States owed nothing; and
we find, from the table furnished by the diligent
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] that, up to
1830, which was fourteen years after the charter of
the last Bank of the United States, ihe debts
were trifling, and were confined to a few of the
most wealthy and populous States. Those debts
he considers trifling, up to that period; and I con-
sider the honorable Senator good authority, at
least, upon this subject. Here, then, we have an
answer to the charges made against the banks by
the Senator from Ohio. The charter of the second
Bank of the United States expired in 1336; and so
it had but six years left to embarrass and impove-
rish the States. And did it do all the mischief in
the last six years of its existenc  ? I think not.
We find, from the table before alluded to, that ihe
increase of the State debts, from 1830 to 1835,
down to the period of the very close and termi-
nation of the Bank charter, that the State debts
were increased from a very trifling debt, by the still
trifling additional debt of forty millions. I refer
to this official table as a complete refutation of the
charges of the Senator from Ohio, that the United
States Bank was the cause of all our embarrass-
ment and misery; and if it was not the cause of
these debts, what was the cause ? I answer that
the State debts mainly, have sprung out of the
double vetoes upon the United States Bank char-
ter and upon the Maysville road. I mention those
vetoes out of my regard for truth, and not for cen-
sure. On the contrary, I approve, and most hear-
tily approve, of both vetoes; I approve of the veo
upon the United States Bank charter, on the
ground that I consider such an institution too
powerful and dangerous for the safety of the
country; and I approve of the other, not so much
for withholding an appropriation to ihe Maysville
road, as for checking the operation of an expen-
sive, partial system, which was running into the
wildest and most extravagant excesses, and break-
ing down the salutary distinction between national
and local works, and which, if left to go on without
restriction, would have bankrupted the Govern-
ment, without benefiting materially the great majo-
rity of the States who contributed the most of the
means by which these works were executed. But
to return from this digression.
So soon as the Bank of the United States was de-
stroyed, and its days were known to be numbered,
and its branches in the several States were being
withdrawn, the States went to work to supply their
places. They had no money to start their banks,
and, from necessity, went into the market with
their bonds to raise it. The ball, once put in mo-
tion, could not be stopped. If one city had a bank,
another city must have one also; and if the cities
had banks, the country villages must have them
also. And in this way, the work was overdone,
and too many banks were established; and as they
were all banking upon borrowed capital, for which
they were paying a high interest, it was necessary
for thetn to make at least that interest, over and
above their expenses. Each bank was driving at
the same object; and to accomplish it, they were
led into excessive issues of their paper, and we all
but loo painfully know the result. This is one of
the causes ot the State debts; and, to my mind, is
clearly traceable to the veto upon the charier of the
Bank of the United States.
The other grew out of the policy of the Govern-
ment in arresting, in 1830, the system of internal
improvements. Up to the period of the veto upon
the Maysville road, the United States annually ap-
propriated, for works of internal improvement,
many millions of dollar?; and while tne Govern-
ment was engaged in this work of internal im-
provement, the States generally gave them-
selves no concern about it. These appro-
priations being suddenly cut off, first by the
veto, and afterwards by Congress, the partiality of
the States for these works induced them to under-
take it. They had no money for such purposes,
and, in order to get it, went into the market with
their bonds, and in this way obtained the money.
Having once adopted the system, it could not be
restricted or prudently confined to works of
immediate profit, or of great utility. To get
along with any, the States had to undertake all
that the different sections of the States desired.
More money was wanted, and more bonds were
sold, and these bonds were bearing a heavy inte-
rest, which was payable semi-annually generally,
and none of the works were finished, and it be-
came, therefore, necessary to raise this interest by
taxation, which was not alway* done, or el?e to
take a part of the principal borrowed, to pay the
interest, which was sometimes done. To avoid
taxing the people to pay the interest of the State
debts, and to avoid the still more exceptionable ex-
pedient, of taking a part of the principal borrowed,
to pay the interest, prodigious efforts were made to
complete the works, that the tolls might pay the
interest; and these efforts required more money,
and to obtain it more bonds were sold. In this
manner the home market became gutted with
State securities; money became scarce on this side
of the Atlantic, and a market was sought for those
securities on the other. Interest rose up to six
per cent.; but such interest obtained the money,
aiid then new difficulties presented themselves.
The great demand for labor raised the price of la-
bor, and, with it, the price of provisions and every
thing eke. I will not pursue these reflections any
further. I have mentioned them for the purpose
showing that the veto upon the Maysville road bill
was one of the prominent causes—yes, I may say
with truth, (and if there be any truth in the dates and
tables of the Senator from Missouri,) the most pro-
minent cause of the debts of the States.
Ought we to pay those debts of the States? I
answer, as formerly, that we ought to do no such
thing. The States are able to pay those debts
themselves; and if this Government were to begin
paying State debts, there would be no end of jt. If
we paid their debts which they have contracted for
banks and internal improvement, our next step
would be to pay their local taxes, the.r officers of
government, and their tailors, butchers, cooks, and
washerwomen. And a payment of ei'her of such
debts would, as I most humbly conceive, be about
as constitutional and expedient as the other, unless,
indeed, the magnitude of the expenditure in the
one case, and the smallness of it in the other,
snould constitute a difference. The payment of
State debts would destroy the pride, independence,
and nob'.e energies of the States. Relieve Stftté
authorities of the just responsibility to their tax-
paying constituents, and there would be. no limit
to Sta'e debts.           "                                   ,
Mr. President, we represent tb*inost intelligent,
thriving, and enterprising people oft the face of the
earth; and yet they must be checked in their fan-
cies for new schemes a4d "projects wild,' by the
onstant reflection thai! «n** ow? pockets must
make gsod the" issues 6f all their undertakings.
But for this balancing and prudential consideration,
