186
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 1859.
26th Cong.......1st Sms.
Rules of the House-~Mr. Saltonstall.
II. of Reps
we should have more schemes and projects than
the patent office would hold. Ours are a going-
ahead sort of people, always in a gallop, and
hare at all times more things upon their
hands than forty times their number could
txecrtte. They glory in motion and ex-
citement, and do every thing in a minute,
and change from one pursuit to another with the
rapidity of thought. These are not their enly pe-
cuiiari'ies. It is indispensable to their happiness that
they should at all times have an idol to worship,
and a clown to laugh at, íhey must have ocoas on-
allyaSam Patch, a Morgan, an Abolitienist, or
an Oceoia, to marvel at and to talk about; they are
often the victims of humbugery. The speculations
in Merino sheep, in Arabian steeds, in English cal-
ille, and Berkshire hogs, have had their day with
them. The humbugery now is Espy's showers
and the Morus Multieaulis; these are now "the
flying Cynthias of the minute," and to-morrow they
shall have something eke. What will it be? Will
it be that greatest of all other humbug", the
Uni'ed Stales paying the debts oí the Slates? We
shall sre.
Mr. President, it does not become me to decide
whether the States have ac'ed wis*ly or otherwise,
in borrowing money to ctnblish banks, or for car-
rying out a system of internal improvements. The
States have done these things. We have seen the
banks which they have established, vio'ating ther
charters—inflating and deranging the currency le
such an excess) as to raise the price of labor and
property to at least double its fair value. Thfse
evils have been seen and felt by every one. But
the States are endeavoring to correct their banking
institutions, and to profit in future by their past
di asters and misfortunes. We then see them
struggling for this point all around us; we see the
banks, which red em their notes in specie, doing
little «r nothing; we see those ia a state of suspension
rapid'y cu nailing their issues; we see the paper
circulation brought down nearly to the amount of
specie in the country. All this, I think, argues
well for the future. We see many (nearly all) of
the works of internal improvement unfinished, ex-
pensive, and unproductive. We know the Stales
will have to borrow many millions more before
they are completed; for to leave those work?,
in their present unfinished condition, would be
sinking all that has been expended upon them, and
impoverish the citizens of some of the States for
years to cerne. We know and see all this; and
yet I do not despair in seeing the States surmount
all their difficulties, with honor and profit to them-
selves, without ever violating any of their engage-
ments.
Mr. President, we are in a peculiar manner the
representatives of the States: we have been sent
here by them to protect their sovereignty, and de-
fend and vindicate their honor, integrity, and per-
fect capability of managing with prudence their
own affairs; and, as such, it bicornes us, at all
times and upon every fit occasion, to see that no
injury is done to their credit, or to thtir lawful
8) stems. I will never conssnt to destroy or cripple
one or the other.
Mr. President, nearly the whole of the S'ate debt
i> vested in banks and in works of internal im-
provement. These State debts were contracted by
those who had a right to contract them; and the
proceeds of those contracts have been invested by
those who hid a right to invest them. They were
so invested by men not inferior to us in pa-
trotism, in intelligence, or in a thorough knowledge
of the Kcsl wants and resources of the States.
We have no ground for questioning the wisdom,
prudence or purity of iboss proceedings. The
interests of banking and of internal improvements
are important and leading interests in the States;
and to complete'y interwoven with all the other
interest , that they cannot be overthrown, or
arrested, wiihont inflicting upon the States a deep,
permanent, and lasting injury. The States calcu-
late that the banks, and the¡public works, together,
will discharge the debts incurred for them by the
States; and who is here who doubts that they will
do h? In what State will the failure occur? Sir,
let the banks and the internal improvements of the
States «lone.   Do not sink them into discredit, and
there will be no occasion to fear that ws shall ever
have the debts of the States to pay, or ever be im-
portuned upon the subject.
Have the States asked us to pay their debts?
Some of them (not all, not even a majority of
them, I believe,) have a*ked us to divide the land
revenue. Some of them have asked, and do now
ask us, to do so; nnd these petitions, upon this sub
ject, are now before a standing committee of the
Senate. And should we grant the prayer of these
pesitioners, how will the States dispose of this mo-
nej? They will dispose of it in paying debí"!, in
strengthening their banks, in completing their im-
provement; or, in other words, according to their
will and pleasure. The land bill of the Senator
from Kentucky, 1 believe, leaves, or it ought to do
so, the disposition of the fund to the discretion of the
States. This is the only proposition of any of the
States, having the slightest analogy to the one for
paying their debts; and as it is their only proposi-
tion, and is distinct and unequivocal in its terms,
and opens widely and fully the questions we
have been discussing, truth compels me to state
that I regret our proceedings upon the
subject of State debt*, had not been confined to the
consideration of this land distribution policy. By
going farther than this, by passing by their petition,
not even alluding to them, we are improperly
placed in a false position before the public. We
are made to appear by our adversaries, in this de-
bate, as assuming a jurisdiction of the affairs of
the States generally, which we have no right to
asmme. We are made to appear, by this false is-
sue, in the despicable light of spies or eavesdroppers
in the family affairs of the States, for the unholy
purpose of filching their secrets to betray ihem.
We are made te appear as holding up the States
to the world—to the enemies of liberal principles
and free government every where, at home and
abroad—as bankrupt, prodigal, dishonest, and con-
temptible, and utterly incapable of prudently
managing their own affairs. These are positions
in which I have no ambition to be placed.
S r, my State (Arkansas) has never yet present-
ed herself at your footstool, in the humble and de-
graded attitude of a kneeling beggar, soliciting alms
or charities from the Federal Treasury. Sir, she i*
above and beyond the reach of such humiliation.
She regards alike your bequests, your sympathies,
or your censures; and will ever be prepared to
rebuke, in a becoming spirit, any of your officious
intennedling in her private affairs. Sir, she is a
sovereign, proud and independent, in the elastisity
and vigor of her youth, and she knows and feels
what is due to herself. She owes nothing for in-
ternal improvements. But she has loaned her
credit for the benefit of her citizens, to the
extent of three millions for the purpose of esta-
blishing two banks. She expect , and properly
expects, that those three millions, will be paid by
the banks, for whose fidelity she has vouched and
bound herself. But should it turn out otherwise
—should her banks disapj oint her—she will foot up
the bills herself and pay them—she will not mur-
mur about it to you, oi distress your sympathetic
bosoms with her tears. S.r, could I do so, without
compromitting her dignity by offering to respond to
unauthorized and impertinent inquiries, I could,
in a few word*, satisfy the Senate, and satisfy the
whole host of " the stockjobbing herd," that her
trifling debt, if her e'ebt it can be called, will be
honorably and promptly paid at maturity. It is
enough for me, on this occasion, to say that those
who hold her bonds are content with the security.
Sir, I shall vote for a'l the resolutions, and with
particular pleasure for that one which repudiates a
distribution of the land revenue.
SPEECH OF MR. SA.LTONSTALL,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House of Representatives, Saturday, December
21,1539—The House having ¿Vder considerav
tion the following resolution, Voved by Mff
Hopfma'í, of New York, viz:       \              /
Resolved, That the standing rules and ordejf of
the last House of Representat.ves, exVpt tbjrllth
rule, be adopted as the rules and orators iff pro-
ceeding of this House for the ensuinWen days;
and that the rules and orders be referred to a com-
mittee, with instructions to report such amendments
of the said rules and order  as they may deem ex-
pedient; together with the following amendment
thereto, propo-ed by Mr. Craig, of Virginia, viz:
"strike out the words except the llth rule"—
Mr. SALTONSTALL said he was as anxious
as any gendeman in the House that its organiza-
tion should be completed as speedily as possible.
We were now on a question which, in the ordina-
ry course of proceeding, would have arisen on the
very first day of the session. The delay in the
organization had been occasioned by the di. cu->-
sipn of a great constitutional que-t.on. He had
no regrets on the subject, except for the result. It
was their duty to resist what they deemrd to be a
violation of consiitutional right and usas;c at the
thrrsho'd; an!, although the decision had been
contiary to his opinions and feelings, he believed
the time had not been lost. The argument for the
constitutional right (which had not bten answered)
would be productive of much good. I repeat,
therefore, (said Mr. S.) this may be considered as
the beginning of the s"ssion, and we are met by a
question which, trivial as it may appear to some
gentlemen, seems to me to be one of great impor-
tance—no Isss than whether, in the election of the
officers of this House, we fhall depart from a
u-age which has all lb/; force of a contemporaneous
construction of the Constitution. I am opposed to
the new rule, because it is an innovation on the
practice of this Hous1, ex ending from the first
meeting of the first Congress under the Constitu-
tion down to the last session. The election of the
acting C'erlc was the first instance in which an
officer of this House was ever chosen by a cica voce
vc.e. The rule '' that in all ca*es of election by
the House the vote should bs taken viva voce" was
adopted immediately afterwards, with little or no
debate, under the application of the previous
question. Is such a rule, adopted at the close of
the last Congress, to te binding on this? Why
should we depart from the long and well establshed
usige of this House? Is there any necessity for
it? We are told that the mode proposed carries
out the spirit of the CorutUxUion. Sir, these unneces-
sary innovations w ill drire out the spirit of the
Constitution. In the only case in which the mods
of voting is mentioned in the Constitut;on, it is
expressly provided that it shall be by ballot,  nd
that, to* , in the very highest and mo>t important
of all elections—that of President of the United
States. It must be by ballot, btth in the College of
Electors and in the House of Representative*,
should the elec ion be had there. How, then, can
elections by ballot be against the spirit of the
Constitution? Or how can viva voce voting be
more in consonance with its principle ? The
great argument for the change is that we are meie
a¿ent<, accoun'able to oar constituents, and that
they have a right to know f r whom we vole in
all case*. Surely, if in any erection by Representa-
tives or agents they are responsible to the people,
those are so, in the highest possible degree, whose
action controls the greatest political event which
takes place under our Constitution—the election of
the Chief Magistrate of the United States, the most
important election, not only in this country, but, I
may say, in the world. I admit our responsibility.
But for wha.? Pur every exercise of incidental
powei? Are we any more agents of the people
than those illus'rious men who have preceded us
here? Thoss who made the Constitution, and put
it in operation? Did not they understand the ex-
tent of iheir responsibility?
We are responsible fur the fahhful performance
of the trust committed lo us. The Consti-ution
places it in the powrr of one-fifth of this body to
cause the yeas and nays to be recorded in our Jouf-
nal, when in the discharge of our legislative duties;
but it goes no further. It grants to each House
¡< the right to choose its own officers, but leaves the
manner to their discretion. The elec ion of our
officers is analogous to elections by ihe people
themselves, which all admit should be by ballot.
The officers of this House are appointed for the
more convenient and orderly performance of our"
legislative duties.     Do;s our responsibility to our
a constituent require that their election should be*
tivavoet?   Did they understand it so?   Did they
