Dec. 18S9.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
Rules of the House—Mr. Bell.
H. ot Reps.
not suppose that it would be made in the long esta-
blished mode? Have our constituents no confidence
in us? Why have they sent us here? Surely
because they have some confidence in us. But
what sort of confidence can the people have in
Representatives whom they aie not willing to tinst
to vote at their own discretion, upon information
obtained here, for a Clerk, or Printer, or Sergeant-
at-Arms? It never occurred to them to hold
their Representatives accountable, according to the
doctrine contended for. They make no inquiries
on tLe subject; but should my constituents ask, I
shall never hesitate to tell them for whom I gave
my vote. D,d the people complain that the
officers of this House were chosen by ballot?
"Where did the idea that a change -was necessary
orig'nate? With the peep'.e? No; it originated
here. It was conceived in this House, or in this
city, and that very recently, and owing to then
recent event-;, and for objects which have been
stated by the gen leman from New York, [Mr.
Hunt.]
The change will not be an improvement. It
may cany out more perfectly the system of party
organization; but the executive officers of this
House ought not to be mere tools of party. It is
contrary to the theory of the Government. It may
be inconsistent with the proper performance of
their duties. The Clerk, for instance—ought he
to be an active partisan? No; he ought to go
straightforward in the discharge of his duty, wholly
uninfluenced by party considerations; he ought not
to be a man who will permit his course to be
d'Cated by party managers. Ought the press
employed by this House to be a mere party eDgine?
So the other officers—the Sergeant-at-Arms and
the Doorkeeper—have important duties to perform,
in the discharge of which they, should know no
party distinctions. A Doorkeeper, who is a mere
tool of party, may carefully look up all of his own
party from the lobbies and committee-rooms, when
an important vote is taken, to the neglect of others.
The duties of these officers should be discharged
with strict impartiality.
I am opposed to it, because the ballot is the only
mode to secure perfectly free elections. Gentlemen
who have advocated viva voce voting have repelled
the idea that any one would be afraid to acknowledge
the vote he had given. If so, then there is no need of
setting aside the old and most convenient usage,
because the result of our election will be the same.
But we are not all insensible to fear. Some are
sensible to fear of one kind, and some of another.
There may be gentlemen who would not shrink
from any danger, from an open foe, in the open
field, who might fear the arrows that fly in dark-
ness—they might fear to incur the denunciations
of their party, or to be stigmatized as traitors in
the party press. And there may be influence of a
different kind. We all have much intercourse
with the officers of this House, and may have
received many kind attentions and services from
them, and may entertain towards them the most
friendly feelings, and yet, in our opinion, the public
interest may be promoted by a change. In such a
ca«o, to say the least, it would to some seem dis-
courteous to stand up in their places and openly
vote aganst their old officers. Coming from the
State I do, I have teen surprised to hear tbe viva
toet called the only free mode of voting. I have
been in the habit of considering the New England
Sia'es to be as free and as purely republican in
their institutions as any communities under Hea-
ven. As to Massachusetts, it was originally a
pure Democraey, in the strictest sense of that
term—the Legislative Assembly being composed
of all the freemen of the Colony. When it be-
came necessary to establish a representative body,
the General Court, it was composed of deputies,
agents from the several towns or corporations. So
it has been ever since. The representatives are
holden to a strict accountability, and yet all elec-
tions in the Legislature, as well as among the peo-
ple, have always been by ballot. Viva voce voting
is a thing unkt.own. How is it in New Hampshire?
I suppose gentlemen will admit New Hampshire
to be a pattern of Democracy; but in that and all
the other New England States theioWoi is the only
mode ef voting known.
What fell from a member from North Catolina
in his zeal for the new rule, satisfied me that the
ballot-box is the only security for free unbiassed
elections here. He would have us vote viva voce.
Why? Because he tells us that there have been
instances in which members of former Congresses
were guilty of treason! Treason? Against whom?
Against the people, he says—but, by the people,
did he not mean the party? Here is the difficulty.
Cases have happened in which some have not
come " up to the chalk," in the language of another
gentleman—have not jollowed in thefootsteps of the
party leadeis, and that was treason! Why, sir,
this is enough to convince me that if we are to act
independently here, we must be protected by the
ballot—not from the eyes of our constituents, bat
fiom the searching, the inquisitorial glance of inex-
orable party leaders.
On the whole, I see no reason for departing
from the good old course of our   forefathers.    I
believe it to be the safe course—the only way of   '
obtaining the free, the true, the unbiassed opinión
of the members of trfis House.
SPEECH OF MR. BELL, OF TENNESSEE,
On the same subject. \        /
Mr. BELL, of 1 ennes*ee, rose amid\ loul cries
for the question, and said that be peic^iveii and
appreciated the impatience of gentlemek pound
him; but he trusted the House would exdp|e him
in seizing  the present opportunity  to offaj a few
words—and they should be very tew—in reply to
what bad fallen last evening from   the gentleman
from South Carolina  [Mr. Pickens]   I pledge
myself (said Mr. B.) to this House that nothing
was further from my intention or exp?ctat;on than
to excite such a debate as so suddenly sprung up
in the House on the last night—nothing could have
occasioned me greater astonishment.    I repeat the
assurance that nothing could have been fuither
from my expectation than that the statement of one
single point, to which I had then called the atten-
tion of the gentleman from South Carolina, would
have had such an effect.   I could not so much as
have dreamed that the solitary remark I had made
in regard to the influence of the Executive in this
House would have created such a fluttering in the
Administration camp.   My sole object in referring
to the matter at all was to bring the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Pickens]  to my aid, in
establishing, as a principle in this House, the im-
portance of resisting and breaking down the exorbi-
tant and growing influence of  the Executive; but
no sooner had I referred to perfectly well known
facts in the past political history of this country—
without impugning the motives of a single gentle-
man on this floor, and without transgressing, in the
slightest degree, the very strictest limits of parlia-
mentary propriety—than I found that I had drawn
down upon my head the wrath of gentlemen in all
quarters of this   Hall.   A gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Weller] immediately sprang up, and, if I
comprehended the drift of his remaiks, he was
under the impression that I had intended to fright-
en him from ihe discharge of what he believed to
be his duty.   Then came the   gentleman  from
rNorih Carolina [Mr. Btndm,] who in the strain of
elocution so peculiar lo him, scouted the very idea
of any thing like Executive   influence   in   the
counsels of this body.   And next rose a gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Petrikin,] and attributed
the remarks I had made to disappointed ambition;
thus offering a gross personal ahasion to me indi-
vidually, in the face of the whole Housj.    And
last, though not leaet, the gentleman from South
Carolina himself, to whom I had appealed in full
confidence of his aid, because I was occupying the
very ground which he h'mself had taken but'a day
or two ago, who tells me that I am the very last
man in this House who ought to make an appeal
on the subject of Executive influence.
[Mr. Pick íns here rose to explain. The gentle-
man from Tennessee had mistaken the point of his
remarks. He had not said that that gentleman
ought to be one of the last in this House to make
an appeal on Executive influence, but the last to
refer to the origin of this rule of the viva voce vote,
considering-that gentleman's position at the time
die rale was introduced and adopted.}
II
Mr. Bell resumed. I am happy to find that I
mistook the gentleman. I certainly did understand
him as meaning to arraign toy political consisten-
cy, but I am now gratified to learn from him that
he did not.
The question is narrow,and[I regret that time wi!l
not permit me to enter into as full a vindication as
I conld wish of the statement I made in relation to
Executive inftluence. Referring to ume3 that are
past—for there has not enough of the present ses-
sion elapsed to enable me to speak confidently of
the time now present—but looking to the times that
are past, 1 will say to the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Bynum] that this House furnishes
a most illustrious and extraordinary instance of
exemption if the Executive exeris no influence
among the members of this body. Alas! sir, such
an exemption is never to be expected. I cannot
form the tainiest hope, when I look at the exist-
ing condition of human nature, that that time will
ever come so long as the Executive of this nation
continues to wield so enormous an amount of
patronage as is now within his control. And I
say further, that I consider this as a subject which
ought very fully and very freely to be debated in
this House. It ought, if we had time, to be discussed
at large, as I tout it yet will be. And I say fur
ther to the gentleman from North Carolina, that I
could point him to authorities which he will
respect for the doctrine, that, if a certain policy
should contiaue to prevail in this country, (the
appointment of members of Congress to office,)
which policy does now prevail in it, it could lead
to but one result, namely, the lowest and tamest
political subserviency. In reply to the appeal he
made to me, saying that I ought, before now, to
have seen that there is nothing in all these asser-
tions about Executive influence, I tell that gentle-
man that I have seen much; that I have seen
enough, and far too much, as it appeals to me
every man must have seen who has looked upon
the political drama that has been playing in this
country for years past. And, in addition to what
I said last night, I will now declare what is my
solemn belief, that no monarch in England, since
the expulsion of the Stuarts, has exerted a greater
influence, a wider sway, or has more efficiently
controlled the measures and policy of that country
than the Executive branch of this Government
during the late and the present Administrations
exercised over the affair  of our own. And I
cite in praof of it the very fact which the House
last night witnessed, namely that no man can rise
here, and so mush as mention Executive influ-
ence, without instantly exposed himself to remaiks
of the grossest and most offensive personality.
What sponger sympton of such an influence can
be exhibited? And I call upon gentlemen to mark
the progress of it.
. As to the remarks of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Petrikin] as to disappointed person-
al ambition, I am at a loss to know ta what he
eould possibly have alluded. Did the gentleman
mean to refer to the fact that 1 have abandoned a
certain portion of a great political party in this
country with wh:ch 1 once was connected, and
that I d.d so in consequence of having been disap-<
pointed in not obtaining the favors which I asked
of that party while we acted together? If that is
what he means, then I reply that all lever asked
or sought of my associates in that party was given
me instantly, freely, and without hesitation; and
when I speak of my associates, I refer to Ihe entire
Jackson party prior to the year 1834. To what
other disappointed ambition of mine he intended
to refer, I do not know and cannot divine.
Last night I stated only what I believed to have
been the object in changing the ancient and long
es'ablished mode of voting in this House, it w«
not my intention to go into the whole question. -I
mieht have alluded to party discpl;ne and to the
effectual control exerted over individuals *y f*t*f
machinery. Ay, sir, a control not «ver tí  *«**
of gent'eaien only, but almost over *Wir con-
sciences. And iu support of tbiS'^kw of &*
matter, I might have vouched th#*e tiiiients¡of
the gentleman from Sooth- =©*W ** Mmself. He,
as well as J, has long ta«W*«l< ften declared that
he influence of pstf i* • ««* Ho«se is too strong
