188
26th Cong.".1st Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-                      ________________«_______________a.--------------------------------
Bules of the House—Mr. Bell.
Dec. 1839.
H. of Reps.
for the good of the country; and it was with a
view of freeing the members of this House from
that iron despotism in which party had too long
enchained them, that I advocated the vote by
ballot. Many, I am sure, must have felt these
chains, and under their galling pressure many, I
know, have been compelled to act against their
better judgment. This domination is not owing to
the power of the Executive in his own person.
Singly and alone, with all his patronage he would
be comparatively powerless, but for his headmen,
the executioners of his vengeance against all
delinquents who dare to resist the edicts of a party
caucus. The gentleman from South Carolina
imputed it as an insult upon the House to affirm,
or in the remotest degree insinuate, that gentleman
here, when voting by ballot, would act differently
from what they would do if giving their votes in
the sif ht of all men; and other gentlemen consider-
ed it as disgraceful to suppose that any member
of this House would be so timid, so cowardly, and
mean-spirited as not to dare to speak his senti-
ments openly on all occasions; and the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, if I rightly understand him,
went so far as to insinuate that one ground of my
opposition to the viva voce vote was, that I was
myself afraid to come up to what I believe he
called the"$eratch." [Some on here said aloud
that his language was "walk up to the chalk."]
Yes, that was ihe gentleman's delicate and parlia-
mentary phrase. Now, without inquiring whether,
under some pressing emergency, I should or
should not have courage to do this, admitting that
I had not, and that it was true that I dare not, in
the gentleman's phrase, "walk up to the chalk,"
doe« not that very fact furnish one of the strongest
possible arguments on my side of the question?
Does it not demonstrate that some of the membeis
of this House require the protection of the law
against those who hold the power to harass and to
injure them? Without affirming that I myself pos-
sess that firmness of spirit which would enable me on
all occasions to come forth and speak my sentiments
with boldness before the world, I do *ay, from
my knowledge of mankind, and especially from
my knowledge of men who have held seats in
Congress, that there are some of the most honest
upright, exalted, patriotic men, and men too, possess-
ing a physical courage which would carry them
fearlessly to the cannon's mouth, who do not
possess that moral hardihood which would enable
them to brave the denunciations of the party prest;
and who, when that danger stared them in the
face, never could be brought up the sticking-place.
And it is my honest belief that is this very circum-
stance which keeps back many of the. best men in
the country from yielding their names as candi-
dates for the suffrages of their fellow-citizens.
Tbey possess physical courage in abundance, but
they shrink from the thought that the moment
they refuse to follow a party, in all its requisi-
tions—in all its measures, that moment they must
deliver up their fair names to the demoniac fury of
a party press, and be held up to public scorn as
corrupt traitors and "bank bought deserters." It
is party despotism like this which fits men for
ultimate slavery. It is not then the fear of their
constituents which induces gentleman to oppose
the rá  wee vote. No, sir, it is a fear of a very
different description.
I m<ght have brought many other arguments to my
aid if I bad intended to enter fully into this subject.
An argument has often   been urged with great
ability that, as gentlemen of all parties   are here
brought to act together, under the same presiding
officer, it is better that he should not know what
particular individuals have and have not voted for
his elevation to the chair, in order that he may not
have it in his power, m administering the difficult
and delicate trust committed to his hands, to dis-
criminate between his friends and his opposers.   As
it was patriotically said the other day, in the im-
pressive address delivered to us from that chair,
the Speaker ought to be the Speaker of the whole
House, and not the mere organ of a party.  The
Speaker of this House should emulate the conduct
of a patriotic Speaker of the British House of
Commons, (the immortal Speaker Len hall,) who,
when improperly questioned by bis King, told him,
on his knees, ft is true, but with a spirit which has
endeared his name to history: "I have no eyes to
see, or mouth to speak, but by direction of the
Commons of England." And so of our Clerk, or
our public Printer. Can it be needful, or it is. ex-
pedient, that we fill those offices with a heated
partisan? What has he to do with the great and
leading policy of this country? or what right has he
to influeuce and move the great political parties
into which it is divided? His duties are merely
subordinate and ministerial, and gentlemen of all
parties have an obvious interest that those duties
be peifurm#d with impartiality. If ever there was
an occasion when the vote by ballot is pre-emi-
nently proper and necessary, surely it is in the
choice of the ministerial otiicers of a body of this
"description.
And now, sir, a few words as to the course of the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Pickens]
last evening. I bad said that I knew the origin of
thi* recent rule for viva roc9 voting and I stated
what its operation had bten in practice, whatever
might have been the motives of those who origina-
ted it. And the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Pickens,] as I now understand, observed, in
reply to an appeal I had addressed to him, "that I
was one of the las* persons in this House who
should make an appeal respecting the origin of this
rule; because he well remembered the period when
the subject had first been mooted, and had seen,
at the same time, the gentleman from Tennessee
seated in that chair, as the organ and instrument of
great and everwhelming Executive power. And
therefore it ill became him to rail against the pre-
valence of such influence in this House." I do
not know that I quote the gentleman's precise
words, but I think I have stated his argument faiily.
I speak not in ill-nature of the gentleman from
South Carolina, and I patdon a great deal of the
violence of his attack upon me, because, in the
close of his remarks, he stated himself af er all, to
be a friend to the ancient, the long established,
and, as I believe, the true Republican mode of
voting. I pardon, I say, a great deal of his
violence, as he is a coadjutor with me in the gen-
eral effort to diminish Executive power. And I
will not allude to certain other circumstances in
that gentleman's own past history, which might be
brought to show that, on the score of consistency,
be should take care how he avails any gentleman
here for his conduct during the last few years. But
what I desire to say, and what has in fact called
me up at th's time, is this: that the remarks of
the gentleman involved, as I understand them, an
imputation on my own coarse when called by the
House to administer the duties of that Chair. It
does not become me to say much of the course I
pursued when I had the honor of filling that h;gh
and distinguished station. I was elected to the
Chair under very extraordinary circumstances; and
such as made the duty of the station puculiarly
delicate and arduous, as regarded the then existing
state of parties in this House. But notwith-
standing these obstae'e;, it affords me high satisfac-
tion to state that, in my administration of the
Chair, I was so fortunate—so happy—in steering
between the opposite extremes, that no appeal by
either party, from my decisions, was ever taken, nor
was one of those decisions ever reversed, save in
one instance, when it was done at my own reques';
and though the sittings of the House were very
stormy, and the rules of its order had often to be
enforced with a fiim hand, yet, at the close of the
session, I enjoyed the honor of receiving a unani-
mous vote of thanks. I cannot boast of any great
ability in th* discharging of my duty. I could not
but be conscious of a want of skill for what was
s« d fficult, but I flatter myself that in all my
course, it was so manifestly my intention to act im-
partially and honestly, that no fault could be found
by my most bitter enemies on this floor. I trust
that thus much will be pardoned to me after all
that has been said.
And as to the other insinuation of the honorable
gentleman, that I sat there as the orgau and instru-
ment of a great and formidable and overwhelm-
ing Executive power; I beg leave to say that he
must have drawn the ground of that statement
from his own heated imagination.    Aid it is most
extraordinary that he should have referred particu-
larly to the time when the famous Three
Million bill was under discuss'on in this House;
because at that time, I had the honor of acting m
unison, as I supposed, with the gentleman from
South Carolina in regard to the Presidential can-
vass. 1 know thai many of his friends in South
Carolina pofe-sel a lively interest m the success
of the political movement in which I was then
engaged. He and I were then of the same party,
linked and bound together, and directing tur joint
efforts to the same object; namely, to resist Execu-
tive power, and, if posño'e, to save the Constitutor).
If in this statement I am mistaken, the gentleman
hears it, and can set me right.
[Mr. Pickens here ros« to explain, and said
that the gentleman from Tennessee was proceeding
on an idea which he (Mr. P.) had not expressed.
He had spoken of him as apparency at the head
of a great and tremendous and overwhelming
political party, whose influence seemed likely to
overawe the decisions of this Hou.-e. Executive
power had been then at its very height, and the
gentleman, seated in that chair, appeared to be at
the head of the party. Such had been Mr. P's
impression; in this he might have been mistaken,
but he had judged from what he saw and heard.]
Mr. B. resumed: If the gentleman meant no
more than that, his imputation was not very s rious.
But still I was placed by him, in his remark* last
night, in the attitude of inconsistency. Whatever
may have been the impression prevailing in any
one section of the country, or with the gentleman,
a* to my being, at the p?rio 1 referred to, the organ
of Executive will, my position was perfectly well
understood in the country generally, and there
could have been but few, very few public men who
did not know that I was put into that chair in
direct opposition to the wishes and dicta'ion of the
Great Chief who then occupied the Executive
Chair, and ruled this country with almost absolute
sway. Yes, s;r, it is one of the proudest recollec-
tions of my life, that I bad the moral courage to
resist the wide-spread and overwhelming tide
of Executive influence and favor which then
threatened to sweep over the whole country; and it
will be a consolation to me, whatever may be my
future fortune, to iiflest that I did throw myself,
with a gallant little band besides, into the breach
at that period, and there stood ready to become the
victim, if need be, of Executive vengeance. Sir,
it was the only apology I coald make—it was the
only explanation I could give to my generous and
high-minded friends, at home and elsewhere, for
having permitted my name to be run for the Chair
in opposition to an apparent majority of the party
with which I acted—that the President had inter-
posed bis authority, and menaced me with bis
denunciations if 1 dared to aspire to that high
station—that I had been first calumniated by my
enemies, and was then interdicted the place which
you, sir, now fill, by the President himself. And,
sir, 1 had the further gratification to find that my
apology was ample, and that I bad the approval of
every high-minded and independent member of the
party with which 1 had so long acted. And,
whenever my private honor shall require to be
sustained, there are gentlemen siili in the ranks of
the Administration who, I doubt not, will feel con-
strained by truth and just ce to bíar me witness,
for they know that what I say is true. So far,
then, was I fiom having been the favorite or the
organ of Executive power while in that Chair, that
I was elected to it in oppos.tion to its most stre-
nuous exercise. It was actually decreed that in no
coniingency should I be allowed to be Speaker;
and the only solid objection, of a party character,
that ever I could learn was made against my pie-
tensions wa«, that I did not enter heartily into the
support of the President in his war against the
United States Bank, and that I could not or would
not approve his removal of the public deposits.
It isa part of the secret history of the times, that
the Committee of Ways and Means were deterred
from reporting a resolution approving the removal
of the deposites by the stand I and a few others had
taken upon that point.
This was   the period   when the propriety of
changing the mode of voting in the elections of the
