Feb. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIOTÍAL GLOBE.
189
26th Cokg....1st Sess.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Howard.
H. of Reps.
Hoi.se cam.- to be seriously and earnestly enter-
tained; and   the same reasons  were urged  then
which we continue to heir adranc^l in favor of
the viva voce vote.   I will only a<'d farther upon
th's point, tbat.if the day shall ever come when ihe
President shall haveit in his own power, by patron-
age, by the application of ih: party sc ews cr by
any other mean=, to dictate the appointment of the
presiding officer of this House, while we may retain
the form, we shall have lost the substance of liberty.
The gentleman  from South Carolina appears
to have mstaken my  position in every  respect,
both now and at ihe period alluded  to in his re-
marks,   lie appears to labor under the impression
that I have   undergone  a great change   in my
political   princip'es   since   the   time   when    he
regarded me as ihe instrumett and organ of an
overshadowing Executive   influence and power.
The gentlemen is in great error in this point also.
While it is true that I have changed rmny of my
political associates since the time when I presided
in that Cnair, yet, sir, it is equally true, wha'ever
may be siid or thought to the contrary in any
quarter, that I advocate and support at this time,
both in and out of this House, the identical  polit,-
cal principles  which I  then  professed  and sup-
ported; and, whit is more, there is no one leadirg
or cardinal principle which I professed and acted
upon on the day when I had the honor first to take
a seat asa R'P'e^entative in this hall,now twelve
years ago, that I have abandoned.   No, sir, while
I have changed my opinion of many of the leading
men of the country, I have still adherred to my
early principle , and my views of the trae policy of
the country  are  still  the best and wisest in  my
judgment.   I still stand by and advocate the prin-
ciples avowjd by G.n-ral Jackson when he   came
into power.    It is a little singular that the gentle-
man from South Carolina should have pointed to
the  proceedings in  this House   en   the famous
Three Million  bill   to illas trate   his idea of my
subserviency to Executive power, when the truth
was, that, contrary to the wishes of every leading
and supple instrument of Executive wi'I in the
House at that time, I appo nted a committee of
conference on the part of the  House,  in express
reference to a comp-omiseby wh'ch the diminished
appropriation proposed by the Senate might be
voted.   And I well remember the arguments by
which one oí the gentlemen appointed on that com-
mittee was prevailed upon to act; but ha did act,
and   in  the mot manly   and   decided manner.
Still, however, the object was defeated   by the
chairman of the committee.   It is also strange that
the gentleman from South  Carolina should  have
forgotten that Ju^ge White,   whom I am alwpys
prond to acknowledge as my leader, and wh<*se
name was then before the people for the Piesidency,
was denounced by the party press as a traitor for
voting against the Three Million bill!     At this
period I bad become the known and acknowledged
opponent of the wishes of the then President in my
choice of a candidate to succeed him.    It was then,
loo, that I was generally understood to be marked
out a? a spec'al object of Executive resentment,
on account of the movement  in favor of Jurlge
White, for which I was hell mainly responsible.
And while I am upon this point, I may te allowed,
I trust, to tay a word or two to tome of my present
party associates, who still retain a portion of those
feelings of dislike winch they contracted while I
continued to act with the Jackson party.    What-
ever may be the justice of those feelings which
they occasionally manifest towards   me, I have
the proud satisfaction   of knowing that by that
act, by which I incurred the lasting hostility of the
most powerful man in this country, and of all bis
devoted fol.'owers, I at the same time struck the
manacles fromiAeir hands, and opened to them the
first hope of deliverance from the iron role to
which they had been subj"ct for years.    Yes, sir,
when the White movement, as it has been called,
took place, the old opposition to Gen. Jackson
had been reduced so low that it could only number
some five or sx States, as was manifest to the
election of 1832
There is one other point which I feel bonnd to
notice, in replv to what fell from the gentleman
from South Carolina, relating to the diicharge
of the duties of the Chair while I Ind the honor lo
fill it.    There was, during   that period, sir, no
correspondence or intercourse,  direct or  indirect,
between the Executive and the Speaker on the
subject of his duties, or as the mannet in which he
should discharge them.     I felt and acted as in-
dependent of him in my station as he  was of ms
in the discharge of his appropriate dutie?; and give
me leave to say, sir, that in that respect I feel
proud in the consciousness that I maintained for
the   Chair  of this House iis  full   measure   of
c'istnity and  independence.      But the gentleman
foan South Carolina was pleaded to mention to me,
in a private conversation last evening, his recol-
l-ct.on of the indignant feelings excited against me
while in ihe Chair, when I placed a friend of the
Administration at fie head of the committee on
Foreign   Affairs,  and   thereby  superseded   Mr.
Everett, of Massachusetts, who stood second on the
committee, before the vacancy occasioned by the
resignation of his seat in the House by the former
chairman.   I presum? this act of mine was refer-
red to by the gentleman from South Carolina as an
evidence of my subserviency to Executive power.
Upon the subject of that appointment, I will state,
for the   information  of that gentleman, and in
justice to myself, that I did place a friend of the
Administration at the head of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and thereby set aside the high
claims of the excellent, able, and amiable gentle-
man from Massachusetts referred to, and in doing
so I knew that I might wound the feelings, and,
for aught I knew, incur the displeasure of that dis-
tinguished gentleman and of h's numerous friends;
but, sir, I brg leave to add that I acted upon a
sense of duty and upon the suggestion of my own
judgment.   I made that appotniment of my own
will and pleasure, without the  slightest interposi-
t on of the Executive.   I acted in conformity  with
a maxim which I remembered to have heard the
distinguished   and experienced   gentleman   from
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] lay down in one of
the first speeches I heard him make on this floor,
which was, that, in order to make this a practicable
Government, the several departments of it must
not be regarded as co-ordinate only, but in a due
decree co-operaiiee'also. The Committee on Fore gn
Affairs has charge of a branch of the public interest
and business of the conntry placed by the Constitu-
tion mre exclusively within the control of the
Executive than any other.   I considered the appoint-
ment of a political friend of the  Executive as the
chairman of that committee n-n to be an act of
mere liberality, but of patriotic duty.     There are
many rea<ions why the chairman of that committee
should be also a private and confidental friend of
the President.   There is, perhaps, one other com-
mittee, which up.m some of thest grounds ousrht
also to be conceded to the Administration—I mean
the Committee of Ways and  Means;  but of that
committee I had not the control when I was elected
to the chair.   I do not hesitate to say now, sir, that,
had it been my fortune to occupy ihe station at
this time which you fill, I would have acted, in
regard to the  appointment of the  Committee on
Foreign Rela'ion ,   upon the same piincip'es I
adopted as the guide to my course upon the occa-
sion   referred to by the gentleman from  South
Carolina.
I hope the House will pardon these explanations
in regard to my own course. I thought it neces-
sary to say so much in my own vindication and
defence agiinst the gross misconceptions which
appear to have prevailed with some gentlemen iu
regard to it.
SPEECH OF MR. HOWARD,?
OF INDIA.NA,            \             /
In the House ef Representative*, February 1 , 18<
On ihe proposition to instruct the CorAmittei
Ways and Means to report a bill appraprii
#150,000 to each of the States of Ohio, I
and Illinois, for the continuation of the Cui
land road.
Mr. HOWARD said:
Mr. Speaker: I regret extremely that this dis-
cussion has not been suffered to progress, accord-
ing to the expressed wishes of the honorable gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr, MasonJ who addressed the
House on yesterday. He insisted, in the outlet of
hU remarks, that the deba'e should not have a party
cast—that the question under consideration should
be taken up, and considered on its merits alone,
without connecting it with the party politics that
now agitate the couniry, from one side to the other.
I repeat, sir, that I regret that others have departed
from ihis course, and that subject', foreign to the
one be ore the House, have been drawn into the
discussion. We have had a discussion, not only
on the Cumberland Road, but on the general poli-
tics of the country. One gentleman, distinguished
for his propriety in debate, and his knowledge of
the rules of parliamentary proceeding, has favored
us with a discussion of the merits of the Florida
war. What has the Florida war to do with this
great national highway? Sir, let us take up the
Florida war, and discuss it at a proper time, and
in its proper place, and let the friends of the brave
officers and soldiers who have perilled all in their
country's service, we'come their return from the
dangers of a pestilential atmosphere and savage
foe, without having their feelings outraged by the
di«srace that has been attempted to be thrown
upon them. We are told that this has been an
"imbecile war," conducted disgracefully to the
country; and when I see in the lobby of this hall
the officers who have returned from it with shat-
tered constitutions, and embittered feelings, I am
reminded of another gallant armr, which, havirjg
conquered treason, and cut off the traitor, "got
themselves by stealth into the city," and instead of
being allowed a triumph, as was due to a victorious
army, retired from the gaze of him whose diadem
they had saved. Instead of being welcomed home
with honors and reward*, we see the Jesups, and
other distinguished officers who have returned from
the arduous campaigns of this war, treated as if
they had returned in disgrace.
[Mr. Biddle here explained.]
Mr. H. continued. Mr. Speaker, I was not mis-
taken as to the language used by the honorable
gentleman on that occasion, and he does me ao
more that justice when he says that I would not in-
tentionally pervert his meaning. But what did he
mean when he spoke of the "imbecile manage-
ment of this war?" What is meant by that gen-
tleman and others when they speak thus? And
how do they expect to be understood by that rem-
nant whose bones are not found bleaching on the
fields, or wss'ing in ihe marshes of that country.
It is true, gemlemen say to the army, "we don't
mean you, when we make such charges; we know
that your squares fell on the ground they occupied,
as if you had been brave; we have been told that
some of your companions even laid violent hands
on themselves, because they could not overcome
the obstacle? interposed by the irresiitible laws of
nature. It is not you we mean; stand aside awhile,
and suffer this implied disgrace, that we may charge
home upon the Administration the disasters of this
war; let us hide your victories, your sufferings,
your battle fields, from ihe country for the present,
and allow us to call it an "imbecile war." Such,
sir, is the language implied by the coarse of those
who call this subject into requisition, for the pttr*
pose of converting it into political capital.
Ought we not to cherish our army? Ought we
to heap disgrace on them, because thit country in
which they have been employed has been a Par-
thian If the well appointed legions of Rome were
not able to withstand the mode of warfare prac-
tised by a foe far less active and subtle than the
modern savage, and in a country not more suited
for concealment and ambufcade, why fh:uld dis-
grace be heaped upon our army because they found
a Parthia in Florida? I have read that when Ihe
legions of Rome went to the field where the army
of Varro was slaughtered, ihey raised a loud wafl
of lamentation when they saw the field covered wMi
the bones and the eagles of the slaughtered legio *.
And shall we, with such example* before as, to* «tf
eagerness for party advantage, BrW-iilfrlli*****1
our national arms?? Surely -** <wg|g«***{■*
vanee party purposes by detraetíüg"**** *h? credit
of those brave men wto ***** ** * *"   *"r
country's service. Wb«i/ ^ *?jTr°h.rf
tiens against ika«*Mtór**r  * felt £« £ £*£
been on* ef tbefi, lw >   con>e t0 ** ^
