isja
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1840.
86th Cong«.««1st. Sess.
friend t* Maine—not to fight the British, sir: I have
no inclination to war—but to travel thither in ima-
gination to look into the state of the public works.
Why is it, I would ask the gentleman, that the
United States have made seventy-five or a hundred
miles of Macadamized road in Maine?
[Mr. Parris explained by saying that was a mili-
tary roai~\
The answer is quite satisfactory, sir; it-is a mili-
tary road, or rather it is called a military roai, and
that makes it constitutional! A name is sufficient
to dispel all the apprehension* of Federal encroach-
ment ! Sir, is there a member in the hall that
doabts as to the true reason why that gentlermn
is for this "military road ?" Shall we voluntarily
surrender our common sense—our experience—
with respect to the motives andincentives to hu-
man conduct?
[Mr. Parris. I never voted for that road; it
is a military road leading to the British, not from
them.]
We are now told that the gentleman never voted
for it. And why, sir? Because the question was
never submited to him. Suppose the difficulties of
Maine should involve us in war, and we shonld
hear the call? of that State, like the groans of the
Britons in the decline of the Roman power, and the
chivalry of Indiana should desire to go to her re-
lief; would we stand in no need of a military road?
But one more question, and I will leave that north-
ern region. Suppose the gentleman were here, a
member of Congress from the Hoosier Slate.
Woald he go for a limited technical construction,
and, notwithstanding npwards of thirty years' action
of the Government, vote against the Cumberland
road? Of the two hundred and forty members com-
posing this body, is there one who doubts what his
vote would be? Sir, we all know what it would
be. Bat it may not be uninstructive to look into
other portions of the Union. We have harbors con-
structed at numerous commercial points, and it
■would gratify me to hear from several gentlemen
how it is they prove the constitutionality of these
works. Even light-houses might be made a proper
subject of examination. Oae thing, sir, seems a
little remarkable; and that is, that local interests
seem to have a wonderful efTect in neuiralizing
these constitutional scmples. How is it, then, that
these things come about, thst gent'emen can vote
away millions of treasure on l>gb>hou^e* and har-
bor *, and, for constitutional reasons, not a dollar to
the Cumberland road? Is it the salt water that
makes it constitutional to make haibors? Tnen our
jreat inland seas of the North and Northwest,
though covered with commerce, cannot be obj°cs
ofnitional improvement. Sir, will it be said that
the great lakes of E>ie and Michgan cannot have
harbors constructed by the General Government,
wb?n our whole Atlantic coast for thousands of
miles i« lined with harbors and light-houses?
An honorable gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Hubbard] has urged h's arguments with great
force, ia oppositton to this measure; and will he
now allow me to call his attention to some interest-
ing facts on this subject? What mad? it constitu-
tional for the United States to give Alabama 4 or
500,000 acres of land to make a canal round the
Muscle Shoals.?
[Mr. Hubbard said he had not voted for that
measure, and would be willing now to give the
land back to the Government ]
Mr. Speaker, it is not for me to doubt the sinceri-
ty of gentlemen, and I hope the gentleman from
Alabama may long represent his people on this
floor, if he desires it; but I can tell him it will be
for some o'.her reason that they will send him here,
than for his opinions on this subject.      ^
[Mr. Chapman of Alabama here aslted Mr.
Howard if a similar grant of land had not been
made to Indiana?]
Mr. Howard. Certainly, sir: I am not an ob-
jector to these liberal grants to the new States If
I had been here, I should have voted for them,
whether for Indiana or Alabama, and I should not
low mention them if it were not to show how the
hetUittf of a measure may sometime; influence the
conduct of gentlemen here. I hope gentlemen will
tear with me, and not become restless, when the
>e rtrirt iwMoft of (be General Government in r«-
Cumberland Road—Mr. Hoxoard.
frrrnce to their particular sections, is mentioned.
In turnm? from the Sou hwest, and glancing over
the Southeastern portions of the Union, my atten-
tion is attracted by some favored spots in old North
Carolina, and, by the way, sir, /cannot but allow
my mind's e\e to rest, for a moment, on that far-
famed country, for which, it is said, so many
speeches are made here: Sir, I mean no dis-
respect to that portion of the district of
my honorable friend, [Mr. Graham ] No,
sir: it is the country that possesses more
charms for me than any, than all others. I
have run upon its mountains, and fished in its
streams, and mingled with its noble, hospitable,
generous-hearted inhabitants. I know them; and
if gentlemen will make speeches for Buncombe
here, they should prune them of every sordid s*n- I
timent, and adorn them with the language of sim-
plicity and truth. But in the eastern region we J
see, what I would be pleased to bring to the notice I
of a gentleman from North Carolina, who has oc- l
casionally spoken of the Cumberland road, [Mr. I
Stanly.] When he shall come to discuss this
question, I wish htm to tell us how it becomes con-
stitutional to give monef for the improvement of
navigation in aswatnp called the Dismal S vamp-
how it is so to apply it to the improvement of Tar
river, Cape Fear river. Do the gentleman's con-
stitutional scruples accompany him to that region?
[Mr. Stanly. Will the gentleman allow me
to answer?]
Mr. H. No, sir; I prefer giving him time for re-
flection. Now, sir, in all seriousness, look at your
line of sea coast, your harbors, lighthouses, rivers, !
upon which millions upon millions have been
^expended. Look at your road*, too, in various
sections of the country, some finished and others
in progress, and tell me what becomes of the
argument against the power to prosecute this
greatest of all our national works: a thoroughfare
which, let politicians talk as they may, and resist
it as ihey will, is destined to be carried to the foot
of the Rocky mountains, and through them, if it
cannot be constructed over them, and to terminate
at some great mart on the Pacific, from whence
our trade will be carried on with the West Indies,
not Cuba, Jamaica, &c. but the West Indies. We
hear the Cumberland road spoken of as a local
measure Sir, it is the commencement not of an
Appian or'Emilian way, but of a prouder monu-
ment—one that is to connect two oceans—that even
now embraces "in its ample span" almost half a
continent. Yes, sir, oppo e it as you please, but
American money, American genius, and American
enterprise, will carry it forward, and it will be |
travelled by the Representat'ves from the S ates of ,
the Oregon, if the sp.rits of disorder and disunion !
shall not rend us asunder, and defeat that destiny
which, as a united people, awaits us. It will not
be a canal, frozen up in winter, nor a railway, that
some Charles Martel, with a sieg'e blow, may ren-
der unfit for use, but a paved h'ghway, over which
' our armies may march, our munitions of war be
transported from one side of ihis vast continent to
the other. Sir, our children will look with pride
upon this work, and boast that it was the work of
their fathers. I, sir, would be amongst the last to
t'o violence to the Constitution; but both the in-
strument and its construction have been given to
us bv the statesmen who have parsed away; and
shall we now cea=e to make it that beneficial in-
strument, which, for an age, the action of the Go-
vernment has made it?
There are other strong considerations favorable
to the prosecution of this work. I have been in the
State of Indiana for ten or eleven years, and tra-
velled the road when I fir=t visited the State. The
lands were then taken up. The Hoosiers (and I
am proud of the name) had expended, some one
hundred, some two hundred dollars, in the purchase
of quarter and half-quarter sections, in order to
provide themselves with farms upon and near the
National road. They all believed, it was on every
man's lip , that the United States were to make a
great national highway there. It was on the faith
of this they bought the public lands at that early
day, and poured the proce-ds of their hard earnings
into the Treasury. They looked to it as a tho-
roughfare for emigration, for commerce; and hence
H. of Reps.
population has crowded upon it, ones have sprung
up along its line, some of ten thousand, some of
fitteen thousand inhabitants, on the finished parts
of the work. Will jou now, s r, check it, and
leave the people in Ohio, Indiana, Illinois;, and
Missoun, to charge the Government with bad faith?
Sir, the road is worse, in some parts of Indiana,
than if there had never been a stroke struck upon
it; patches of the graduation completed; a few miles
of paving done in the vicinity of three towns; and
the re-t left worse than when it was in a forest.
What will the people say? What will they think
of the policy of a Government, of its wisdom, and
its faith, if this werk shall be abandoned?
It is true, sir, I did tell the people that I thought
that Congress would give us an appropriation
whenever the subject was mentioned. Why did I
do so? Because 1 thought both Whigs and Demo-
rrats would unite in pieserving the national faith.
I have never regarded it as a party question, and
do not now so regard it. It is not to political par-
ties, but to the friends of the road, of all pames,
that I look; and to them, as one of the Representa-
tives of the great Northwest, will I feel the pro-
foundest gratitude. I would appeal to the gentle-
men from Sjnih Carolina, especially to one now
in my eye, a native of the same neighborhood wi h
myself, whether they think there is nothing in
the just expectations of the Wes'ern people on this
subject?
It is not long since that State took strong ground
in support of their alleged rights. Will they al-
low us the credit of equal sincerity and equal
determination? If they do not, they mistake us.
We know our rights, sir, and will maintain them;
not by violence, but by continuing to press our
c'aims upon the constituted authorities of the Ame-
rican people. I confess that, if this appropriation
fails, the people will be disappointed. They have
a right to be; and I appeal, therefore, to gentlemen
of all parties, in behalf of what I regard the re-
demption of a pledge given for the construction of
this great work. It is not party feeling that brings
us here in regard to this road. In relation to it
we have in the Northwest but one party, one inte-
rest, one purpose. It gives me pleasure to ob-
serve the conduct (and to acknowledge it with
gratitude) of many members of both parties. I
have seen old Massachusetts, the cradle of the
Revolution, coming to our support. Sir, I wi^h I
could see the same union in our favor in the Old
Dominion; but in the South I am sorry to find such
harmony amongst Whigs and Democrats against
us. But, in regard to this measure, I shall never
be found troubling myself in examining the jour-
nals. It will be sufficient for me that the measure
succeeds, and my feelings will be those of grati-
tude to our liiends rather than of censure upon
any quarter. Gentlemen may, however, suppose
that this is an inconsiderable matter, and that
th«se States are experimenting on this body. Sir,
they are mistaken who suppose so. No State, no
section, has ever been more determined in the pur-
suit of its rights, than the States of Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, it has been asked whether we were
to be bought by this appropriation? Str, it im-
plies an injurious imputation. It is true we have
our price; but it does not consist of political or
pany con i'erations, nor is it dollars and ren's.
It is the price of patriotism; of virtue. But, sir,
will it not not be the part of wisdom for the old
States to do us justice now? Do you not think we
will remember our friends? Look at that map. sir.
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Michigan, Wis-
consin, and Iowa. Contemplate the progress of
empire westward—the millions that are to fill op
that vast regionjpoisessing facilities unequalled on
the globe. Sir, the sceptre will depart from Judah.
Is it not better for you to do us justice than to al-
low us to redress our own grievances, smarting
under the sense of the illiberal, narrow policy of
the old States towards us. Do gentleman suppose
we will be unmindful of onr friends?
Sir, it reminds me of an act of kindness I re-
ceived from a man in my childhood. I knew him in
after life, and whether I saw him in the church,
the mixed assembly, or the court-room, I never saw
him, wttheut having his conduct to me in jar in-
