194
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1840.
26th Cono.......1st Sess.
Neto Jersey Question—-Mr. Fisher.
H. of Reps .
jags of the clerk on (he one hand, and a partisan
Gorcrnor on the other. And here, let it be remem-
bered, that, at the time of this transaction, not a
word was said about illegal votes. Neither the
clerk, nor the Governor, pretended to allege that
the polls of South Amboy were thrown aside on
account of illegal votes. No: the excuse of the
clerk was, that the returns were not made "pursu-
ant to law;" and the excuse of the Governor was,
that they did not come to him through the clerk.
The allegation of bad votes was altogether aa
after affair, and, without a doubt, got up to turn
public attention off from the conduct of the Go-
vernor and the two clerks.
As to the returns of Millville, there it is true
that the returns were not made to the clerk by 5
o'clock ofl Saturday evening, as required by the
law of New Jersey, but they were made between
10 and 11 o'clock that night. "Was this, however,
a good reason for rejecting the votes of the free-
men of New Jersey? If the returning officer fell
four or five hours behind his time, are the people
to be punished for his neglec? If he violated the
law, punish him; but do not disfranchise free-
men for his latches. Who before this ever heard
of an instance where the people lost their votes,
after having given them in according to law, merely
because the returning officer did not do his duty?
In New Jersey, at least, such a thing was never
before heard of: there the practice has always been
the other way. It i< a rematkable fact, that in the
year 1832, a case occurred in this very township
of Millville precisely in point. In that year, the
returning officers of the polls at Millville failed to
deliver the returns to the clerk antil 12 o'clock at
night, whereas they ought to have been delivered
by 5 o'clock. The clerk sent on his returns to the
Governor, omitting the votes of Millville, because
he did not receive. them by 5 o'clock. He, how-
ever, soon after made out a certificate of the facts,
and sent it up. The Governor and Privy Council
received the votes, and counted them, and, what is
more, these votes then turned the scale in the elec-
tion, as the votes of the same place now do. This,
too,| was done by a Whig Governor, (Southard,)
and by a Whig Council. But this is not all. At
this same election of 1838, a contested election took
place in the county of Cumberland, in which Mill-
ville is situated, and the irregularity of thu reurn
from Millville came before the present L?gis'ature
of New Jersey. The matter was referred to a
committee, a majority of which was composed of
Whigs. The majority and the minority both made
reports. The Whigs, in their report, declare,
"they will not suppose that the voice of the people,
fairly expressed at the ballot box, if asceitainable,
will be disregarded merely for the reason that the
duty of making the certificate of election has been
negligently, ignorantly, or even fraudulently per-
formed, or omitted, by any of the officers upon
whom that duty is imposed." Now is it not strange
that these same Whigs of the Legislature of New
Jersey, in the course of a few months, after adopt-
ing these just principles, should change about and
denounce this House for acting on them? It only
shows that party ambition is stronger with them
than either a sense, of consistency or the feelings
of patriotism.
[Mr. P. was here interrupted for referring to the
action of the committee.]
Mr. P. sad I am very desirous to pursue this sub-
ject still farther, but it must be apparent to all,
from the various interruptions I have received, the
calls to order, ard the questions of order, that it
it will be next to impossible to do so. The mo-
ment I refer to a paper now before the committee,
lam called to order. The moment I take up a
pamphlet to read, a question of order is raised,
and rather than proceed amidst this constant inter-
ruption, I will abandon this part of the subject for
die present, and turn to another where I anticípale
no interruptions.
Mr. F. continued, on the constitutional question
of certificate and seal. I will now, sir, proceed to
take, rapid notice of the argument, which on a
former occasion was so much relied on in this
ease. I mean the great platform argument, on
which all the speechs from one side of this House
rare been bnilt.   Wiihout claiming to possess any
constitutional learning, I will endeavor to test this
argument by the rules of common sense, and
plain reasoning. And that I may not do injustice
to this famous argument, I will endeavor to state
it in the very words of thoje who have advanced it
here; fr«m the very able and distinguished gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] to the humbler
orators iu this debate.
"Toal this House cannot go beyond the certi-
ficates of the Governor to inquire who are entitled
to the seats; but that we must take the certificates
in the first instance, as conclusive evidence that
they who hold them, are entitled to the seats." Or,
iu other words, "that whoever presents himself
here with the certificate of election, is thenby enti-
tled to his seat on this floor."
Now, sir, to test this proposition, we must, in
the first place, see what powers the Constitution
gives to the House on this subject. The words of
tee Constitution are as fellows: "Each hou>e shall
be the judge of the elections.returns, and qualifica-
tions of its own members." (Article 1, section 3)
"Shall be the judge !" Bat if it be true that we
cannot go beyond the certificate, to examine evi-
dence, but must receive it as full and conclusive
evidence that they who hold it are entitled to their
seats, then it follows most clearly that the House
is cot the judge. It is not the judge, because it
can exercise no discte.ionary power whatever—it
has no choice—it cannot look into facts, or law;
but it is wholly passive, without the power to
choose or reject. To judge, implies the power to
examine testimony—to hear both sides—to make
up a judgment—and to decide according to evi-
dence; but if it be true that we cannot look behind
the certificate, then the House cannot examine
either facts or law, and consequently cannot judge.
Thus, by the argument of gentlemen, the Consti-
tution is nullified, and this House is made a mere
passive creature, without a single attribute of a
judge.
But this is not all; for this argument of gentle-
men not only makes a dead letter of the Constitu-
tion, which constitutes this House the judge: it
goes farther, and makes the maker of the certificate
sole and exclusive judge of all elections to Con-
gress. In the present case it makes Governor
Pennington sole and exclusive judge. Now let us
see if this be not the consequence.
It will be admitted by all, that before Governor
Pennington made out his certifica ties, he had be-
fore him all the returns, inc'uding those from South
Amboy and Millville, which, taken together, gave
a decided majority to the Democratic candidates.
It will be also admitted, that, with these papers be-
fore him, he had the power to decide in lavor of
either party. He did decide in favor of his politi-
cal friends—the Whig candidates—and gave them
his certificates. Now if it be true that we cannot
go beyond this certificate, then, in admitting these
five men to seats here, we do so, not because they
have received a majority of vetes in New Jersey,
but because they have received the Governor's cer-
teificate; and thus, to ail intents and purposes, you
constitute the maker of the certificate sole jddge in
the case. But, to make this conclusion more pal-
pable, let ns pursue it a little farther. Suppose
Governor Pennington, with the papers before him,
had given his certificates to the other five, as we
contend he ought to have done, they having re-
ceived a majority of the votes, then, according ti
the doctrine of gentlemen, the other five would have
been the members. Why so? Not because they
had received the majority of the votes, but because
they held the certificate, thus making Governor
Pennington not only sole judge, but likewise sole
elector! He had the power to give his certificate to
e ther party; and whoever holds his ceitifica'e, are
to be hailed here as the true members. Now, sir,
do you think that the Constitution ever meant to
give to the Governor of a State a paramount power
over the votes of the people of that State? a power
to set aside the votes of the majority, and substitute
his own will in their stead?
But, sir, let us examine this matter yet a little
farther. Suppose this wonderful Governor, by
way of showing what the great seal in his hands
could do, had put aside both sets of candidates, and
had given bis certificates to five of bis Privy Coun-
cil; these five, with certificates in hand, had come on
here, and taken seats, and, at the same time, the other
claimants had come on, and made known to you
the whole fraud—you understand it fully, and be-
lieve it all—yet, according to the argument of gen-
tlemen, you can take no notice of it, but you are
bound to receive these spurious number, place
them in seat% act and vote with them, and do all
this merely because ihey hold the Governor's certi-
ficate under the great seal of the State! There is
no end to the absurdities in'o which this doctiine,
that yovi cannot go behind the cert ficale, will in-
volve u?; and, gentlemen seeing this, have endea-
vored to extricate themselves by attaching some
qualifications to it.    Let us examine these.
They say, that although you cannot be beyond
the certificate in the first instance, but must admit
the holders of it to take seats ai d exercise all the
rights of members; yet, njler they have taken seats,
and become invested wiih mrmbersbip, then, and
not till then, you may taka up theca^e, look be-
yond the certificate, examine ard ju 'ge, turn out
the certificate men, and put in the others. Now,
let us look at this view of the subject. If this ar-
gument be true, then it must stand upon two pro-
positions, which it necessatily presupposes; but if
these two propositions are false, then the argument
itself must be false, for it rests on them alone.
The first of these propositions is thi-: that the
House has more power after the certificate men
take their Feats than it had before; that is, that the
House acquires power from the circumstance of
the certificate men taking seats; for it is evident
if the House can declare that the certificate men
are not entit'ed to seats after we admit them, which
we could not do before admitting them, then, of
course, the House has gamed pow er by the fact of
their admission, since it can do, afier they are ad-
mitted, what it could not do before. Now I deny
that the House acquires any power by the circum-
stance of the certificate men taking their seats, and
I disprove it by a direct appeal to the Constitution
itself.
I disprove it in this way. We meet here under
a roiillen Constitution; we derive our existence
and all our powers from it, and from no other source
whatever. These power*, thus derived, are ex-
pressly laid down in the Constitution, and cannot
be increased or diminished by any law, custom, or
usige whatever; for this plain reasm, that what-
ever modifies, that is, increases or lessens the
powers derived from the Consiitution, must be
greater than the Constitution, and may entirely
change or destroy it. But as the>e is no power
greater than the Constitution, except the S:ates in
convention, then it is clear if this House acquires
power by the fact referred to, it must be so in con-
sequence of something expressed or implied in the
Constitution. Now I challenge gentlemen to show
any thing of the sort in the Constitution. If they
cannot show it, then it will be because it is not
there; and if not there, their assumption is false,
and falls to the ground.
The second proposition that gentlemen must
show to be true before their argument can stand,
is this: That a man may be a legitimate member
of this House before he takes a seat, who is hot so
after he takes it; or, in other words, that to-day
you are bound to admit him because he is a legiti-
mate member, and temorrow ycu aie bound to
turn him out ftecottse he is n«t a legitimate member.
This proposition is not only necessarily presup-
posed by the argument of gentlemen, but it has
been expressly laid down by several speakers.
The gentieman from New York, who is reputed to
be an able lawyer, actually asserted it as a sort of
political axiom, in his speech delivered on the
New Jersey case several w^eks «go. He then
said:
"Whatever eventually may be the result, the certificate in the
first instance, and for the time being, fully and absolutely in-
vests hira who holds it with the right of membership."
Now let us see if this proposition will bear the
tes .
Who makes members of Congress? By the
Constitution, the people of the several States
choose their members of Congress. Whoever re-
ceives a majority of the qualified votes given ac-
cording to the rules of law, thereby becomes the
member.   Mmrh it—it is not the certifitvit of the
**.      '-'  «w«a-s>,_    _
