Fell. 184Ó.
At ÍÉÑDlX *0 WÉ fcÓííGRÉSátOÑAL GlOfcE.
195
26th Cono.......1st Sess.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Wetter.
H. ot Reps.
Governor, but the votes of the people, that make
members.
Whenever, therefore, a man presents himself -
here, either with or without a certificate, this may
be said of him as true—that he is either a mem-
ber or he is net a member. He cannot be a mem-
ber and not a member at the same time; he must
be one or the oiher. If he is a member, then all
admit that the House cannot rightfully divest
him of kis membership. If he is not a member,
thea it is equally clear that the House cannot
make him one. The House cannot add to, or
take away, in the smallest degree, the rights of
membership, for, to say that it can do so, would
be to say that it can modify the powers given by
the Constitut on, and consequently must be greater
than the Constitution, and may ohaoge or deitroy
it at will. Now apply this argument to the five
certificate men. from New Jersey: they are either
members or they are not. If they are members,
they were made so by the votes of the people; but
suppose they were not made so by the votes of the
people—then by what authority is it that you admit
them as member ? Why, according to the argument
of gentlemen, by authority of the Governor's certifi-
cate. Thus, then, it follows that the Governor's
certificate empowers you to do what the Constitu-
tion gives you no right to do—to make members of
Congress; and consequently, the certificate is
greater than the Constitution; and thus, you see,
the whole argument so much relied on by gent'e-
men, runs itself into a political absurdity, and falls
to the ground with the false prop ihat held it up.
The sum of the whole matter is this: If this
famous argument so much relied on be true, then
the Cons'itution is a dead let'er; but, as the Con-
stitution is in force, and paramount to these poten-
tial certificates, then the argument itself is a politi-
cal absurdity.
Mr. F. continued. I will take this occasion
briefly to notice another most extraordinary argu-
ment that has been gravely advanced on this floor,
and that has been seized on and acted on by the
Governor of New Jersey and his party in the Le-
gislature. The argument is this: •'That the Con-
gress of the United States is made up of members
from the hccnly-six Stales; that if any State is not
represented here, it cannot be a Congress, and, of
course, cannot do business. But you have ex-
cluded the certificate men 'rom New Jersey, ergo,
yoa have no Congress, and can do no business."
This is certainly a new argument, and the distin-
guished gentlemen from Mas'achusetts and Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Adams and Mr. Sergeant] are en-
titled to the honor of first discovery.
If this argument be true, then the 5ih section of
tbe 1st article of the Constitution must be inopera-
tive; for if either House, by exercising the power
there granted, excludes a single member from
either body, such exclusion dissolves Congress, and
Tenders all its acts unconstitutional. According to
this new argument, there can be no Congress un-
less every State is fully represented. If this be not
the meaning, then the argument does not apply to
New Jersey, since New Jersey has now one repre-
sentative on this floor, and two in the Senate; and,
if it applies to New Jersey, then it must equally
apply to every other State.
Now, let us look at the absurdities into which
this construction of the Constitution wJI involve us.
Seneral States in this Union have but a single
Representative in this House. Now, if, on any ac-
count whatever, either of these Represen tatives
should be excluded from this House, then such ex-
clusion act* as a dissolution df Congress, and all
that is done must necessarily be unconstitutional.
But it is even worse than this; for, if you ex-
clude even a sicgle one of the forty members of
New York, the same result takes place. If this
doctrine he true, then I doubt whether there ever
has been a real constitutional Congress since the
Constitution was adopted; for I doubt whether there
ever has been a session when every State in the
Union was fully represented.
If this argument be true, then that section of the
constitution which sajs—" a majority of each
House shall consti.ute a quorum to do business"—
means just nothing at all.   If this doctrine be trae,
then it is in the power of any member to dissolve
Ccngress at his will and pleasure. He has nothing
to do but resign his seat, put on h'"s hat, walk out,
and Congress is at an end. Will it be contended
that our wise ancestors in framing the Constitution,
ever meant such a thing as this? It is absurd to
suppose it. And yet, let it be known, that this fa-
mous Governor of New Jersey and his pliant ma-
jority in the Legislature, with the desperation of
drowning men, have caught at this floating straw,
and set it forth in solemn resolutions, and ssnt
them to all the States in this Union inviting action
on them; not only so, but sent them to you, and
to this House, in a way and manner, insulting to
both. But, sir, this is not the first time this game
was played off in this country. We read, that du-
ring the Revolutionary war, one of the British com-
manders attempted tbe same thing with General
Washington. In following the example of Wash-
ington you did well, sir. He returned the package
to the British officer. You returned the paper to
Governor Pennington. There let it rest with the
argument that brought it forth.
Mr. F. in continuing his remarks, said, there is
one other subject connected with this question ©n
which I wish to make a few remarks. All of us
who have refused to let the certificate men take
thtir seats, have been charged with violating State
rights. Now, sir, I am a States rights man, and re-
pel the charge as wholly unfounded—particularly
as coming from those who never, until now, show-
ed any zeal for State rights. What are State rights?
I will tell you: the Federal Government is a Go-
vernment of delegated powers, that is, it has no
power, but what are given to it in the Constitution.
All powers not given to it by the Constitution, are
expressly reserved to the States, and the people.
See the lOin article of the amendments. These re-
served powers are the S'ate rights. The only way,
then, in which this House, or ibis Government can
encroach on Sa'e rights, is to assume and exer-
cise powers not grated in the Constitution. Now,
d d this House assume an undelegated power in
taking cogn:zance of this case, and excluding the
cirtifica'e men from this floor? Certainly not, if
there be any meaning in the words of the Consti-
tution, "Each House shall be the judge of the
elections, returns, and qualifications of its own
members, and a majority of each House shall con-
stitute a quorum to do business " From this it is
perfectly c'ear, that in acting on this question, so
far from assuming a doubtful power, we were only
doing what the Constitution made it our especial
duty to do, and what no other tribunal has a right
to do. How, then, have we invaded State rights?
So far from trespassing on State rights, this House,
on thepresentoccasion, has defend State rights and
the rights of the people of New Jersey, from one
of the boldest assauls upon them, that ever has
been perpetrated in this Republic; an assault,
which, if crowned with success, will soon prostrate
the sacred rights of the e'ective franchise in the
dust, and leave them to be trampled on by every
petty partisan Governor who may happen to have
in his keeping the great seal of a State.
Mr. F. said there were various other extraordi-
nary arguments resorted to on a former occasion
to justify the conduct of the Governor of New
Jersey, whic'< it would be out of time now to con-
sider. Indeed he would not now have taken up
the constitutional question at all, but for tw  con-
siderations: the first was, that on a former occasion
he was cut off by the previous question from say-
ing a word on that question; and the next was,
that on this occasion, he was prevented by constant-
interruptions, from pursuing the course of re-
marks he intended when he took the floor.
REMARKS  OF ÚR. WEt^ER,
OP OHIO.                 /
In the House of Rtprestnlativt, Wednesdfy, February
26,1840—On the Nevé Jersey jfliestion.
Mr. WELLER said, it eeemedjfohim that the
question now beforce the HousejRid already been
fully d scussed; and that etferyjpiember upon that
floor was prepared to votaí ujnersiandingly in this
matter; that gent «men hao^een permitted, in the
discission Qfthis,resolution,to travel oyer the
whole merits of the New Jersey e'ection. He saidt
it struck him that this was not the proper time to
enter into such a discussion. He thought it ought
to be po-tponed until the committee, lo whom the
papers hal been referred, submitted their report.
When the House was called upon to decide upon
the claims of these gentlemen, then the proper
time had come for d ssussing the merits of the
election. A cMnmiitee had been appointed to re-
port to us the facts, and he did think the discussion
improper until that ci mmittee reported.
He did hope, when the papers connected with
the claims of theae geatlemen were submitted to
the committee, that a report would be made at an
early day, in order that the State cf New Jersey
might have her full representation upo . that floor.
That State, sa'd he, under the Constitution, is en-
titled to six members. She has but < ne in his
seat. Why is this? Gentlemen in the Opposition
have told us it was because a majority of this
House had violated the Constitution, and trampled
upon the rghts of a sovereign Stats! Yes, sir,
said Mr. W. the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Smith] has denounced with unusual violence the
party to which I belong, bf cause they would not
suffer the Governor of New Jersey lo manufacture
Representatives for them. Sir, said Mr. W. I
have never before listened to such miserable slang
as fell from the lips of the gentleman from Con-
necticut—such contemptible stuff.
[The Speaker here called Mr. W. to order.]
Mr. W. said he had no disposition to violate any
of the rules of that House; but when he, and those
with whom he acted politically, were charged with
having violated that Constitution, which they had
solemnly sworn, in the presence of that House,
and before their God, lo support, he must be per-
mitted to say a few words in bis and their de-
fence.
[Mr. Crabb insisted that, inasmuch as Mr.
Wkller had been called to order, he should ob-
ject to his proceeding, unless he would pledge him-
self not to demand the previous question.]
Mr. W. said the gentleman from Alabama had
no right to say whether he should proceed or not.
Nor could he recognise his tight to prescribe to him
the conditions upon which he should address the
House. It is, said he, for the House to say whe-
ther he should proceed, and to their decision he
would cheerfully submit.
[The Speaker then put the question to the
House, whether Mr. W. should be permitted to go
on, and leave was given.]
Mr. W. then said the gentleman from Connec-
ticut had occupied three hours in denouncing those
who differed with him in opinion on th!s subject.
H s whole speech from the besinn'ng to the end
was insulting to those who had refused to give
the seats to the members holdin? the Governor's
certificate. Sir, (said Mr. W.) it had been charged
time and again, on this floor, that we have v o-
lated the Constitution for party purposes ! It is,
said he, a base slander upon the Democratic
party, no matter by whom uttered. If gentlemen
supposed he was to fold his arms, and sit quietly
in h s seat, and hear these unfounded declarations,
they were mistaken. He, for one, intended, upon
all occasions, to defend himself, and his principle .
Satisfied of the correctness of the cau=e he had
pursued, he should not shrink from the responsi-
bility ol his acts, and when gent'emen saw prorer
to denounce him for discharg ng what he conceived
to be his duty, they must not expect him to
sit quietly under their abuse.
So far from violating the Constitution,-said Mr.
W. we had been endeavoring to preserve it in its
purity. That Constitution, said he, declares that
the people shall elect their Representatives. His
efforts, and the efforts of those with whom he was
associated, had been directed to the securing of ibis
right to the people of New Jeisey. It has been ad-
mitted, said he, repeatedly admitted, ihat those
gentlemen who hold the certificates of the Gover-
nor had not received a majority of the votes. Am
I then, sir, sa d Mr. W. to be charged with violat-
ing the Constitution of my country when I refuse
them seats in th s hall? Shall I be told ihat I am
trampling upon tbe rights of a sovereign State
I when I decline permitting me,n to legislate whq
