AWNfclX TO TttJE CONGRESSIONAL OtOBE.
Feb. 1840.
26th Goho "1st Sess.
State Debts—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
have been rejected by the people? If, sir, said he,
m maintaining- the right of the people to elect their
own Representatives, I am violating the Constitu-
tion, then I stand c nvicted before the country.
Iaskagaio, said Mr. W. why New Jfrsey has
but one Representative on th's floot? A proposition
is now before ns requiring the committee to report
their proceedings, in order that we may be enabled
to give her a full representation her . This propo-
sition is violently opposed by gentlemen on the
Whig side of the House. Who, then, are disfran-
chising the State of New Jersey! Who are the
men who are depriving her of her representation?
Efforts have been made, said Mr. W. both here
and elsewhere, to prejudice the public mind against
ib  course pursued by the Democratic party on
this queft'ion; but the facts would ere long be
spread befóte the people, and this base imposition
would be exposed. He had no fears about the
result.
Mr. W. said he always felt disposed to extend
proper courtesy and re.pect to the Governor of a
State, and to his official acts; but when that Go-
vernor invades the rights of the people, and as-
sumes to himself powers not delegated to him by
the Constitution, he would speak of him in the
language his conduct merited. Ye?, sir, said Mr.
W. atrd Wlien he attempts to silence the voice of a
free and independent people, as expressed through
the ballot box, he must be permitted to call him a
bold usurper. This high-handed outrage, said Mr.
W. upon the elective franchise, should excite the
indignation of every honest man in the county.
If, said he, the people of New Jersey tamely sub-
mit to such an outrage, they have lost the spirit
and patriotism that charac'erized their fathers in
the days of the Revolution; they have become the
subservient slaves of a petty tyrant, and are no
longer entitled to the appellation of freemen.
The party with which I act, said Mr. W. are
anxious to give the seats to those who have re-
ceived a majority of the votes of the people, and if
to do this was a violation of the Constitution, than
they were indeed guilty. But, said he, I have
already detained the House too long. My object
in rising was simply to demand the previous ques-
tion, bat as I have permitted my fee'ings to lead
me to make some remarks on the conduct of the
Oppositon, I do not feel at liberty to do so. Hav-
ing, said he, no disposition to take the advantage
of any gentleman, he mu*t, notwithstanding he had
risen solely for that purpose, decline moving the
previous question.
! Senator from
entitled to the
not myself expect
SPEECH OF MR. HUBBAR1
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Jn Senate,  Tuesday, February
Grundy's report in relation
of the debts of the States bi
vera men t.
Mf- HUBBARD addressed
lows:
Mr. Pbisident: I rfgret thi
Vermont, [Mr. Phílps,] who
floor, fcr not in his place. I did
to address the Senate this morning. It was my
belief Urat the honorable Senator to whom I have
referred, would have favored us with his views
upon this subject, and I should have been much
gratified to have heard him. As it it, although I
regrelfhe absence and the cause of the absence of
Senator, I will not ask the Senate to stay the
progress of the debate, but will at once proceed
to present my own views, illy prepared as 1 am.
What a?e the resolutions which the select com-
mittee have presented to the Senate) And wbat is
the sabslituie for those resolutions, which had been
offered by the Senator irom Kentucky? I will
reaé them, an! place them in connection with the
remarks r shall make, that the people of my own
State, who may feel any desire to read my speech,
may understand the whole subject-matter.
1. Ha/thicd, 'That the assumption, directly or indirectly, by
the tiene rat Government, of the debts which hare been, or
maib^sentrswpji by die «ate  for local pbjec  or State pur-
poee , wonld be unjust, both to the States and to the people.
2.'IU*olve&, "that that such assumpuon would be highly
inexpedient* awl dangeaoo* to the Union of the States.
3. Retained, That «uch assumption would be wholly unan-
ttwrtewty,(main violation, oí the Conrtitwtonof the United
* \
States, and utterly repugnant to all the object* and purposes for
which the Federal Union was formed.
4 Resolved, That to set apart the public lands, or the re-
venues arising therefrom, for the beforemontioned purposes,
would be equally unjust, inexpedient and unconstitutional
These are the resolutions proposed by the com-
mittee. The Senator from Kentucky offers the
followiBg as a substitute:
Resolved, That the debts of the several States, so far as they
are known to the Senate, have been contracted in the exercise
of the undoubted right and constitutional power of said States,
respectively, and that there is no ground to warrant any doubt
of the ability or disposition of those States to fulfil their con-
tracts.
Resolved, That it would be just and proper to distribute
the proceedsof the sales of the public lands among the several
Slates in fair and ratable proportions; and that the condition of
the States as have contracted debts is such, at the pi esent mo-
ment ot pressure and difficulty, as to render such distribution
especially expedient and important.
It is true that other   propositions have   been
iubmitted; but   in   my judgment,   the   amend-
ment   proposed   by    the   Senator   from   Penn-
sylvania to the resolutions   reported   Irom   the
committee, and the amendment to that amendment
offered by the Senator from Michigan, seemed 10
me wholly uncalled for, hating no connection with
the subject discus ed by the committee.   I admit,
sir, that it has been repeatedly said that the report
was a direct assault upon the c edit of the States.
Thsldeny.   I cannot s'-ci> .-c that the Senator
from Pennsylvania h?i s>-,y such impression; and
I cannot well coro<-- j why he has proposed an
amendment so     .eign from the subject-matter of
the committee's report.   It was the propriety of an
assumption of the State, debts which the commit-
tee bad considered, and not the ability of the States
to respond.    There  is not to be found within
the range  of the report, a  single line,   nor   a
a  single  word, indicating the  slightest   distrust
in the honor, integrity, or ability of the States; and
yet it is proposed to amend the resolutions of the
committee by incorporating a direct proposition of
our full belief in the entire and undoubted respon-
sibility of the Stales to meet their liabilities, and of
their clear and constitutional power to incur such
liabilities.   I regret that the amendment has been
offered; and, as atpresent advised, I cannot give to
the proposition my suppoit.   I will not say that I
shall vote against it, or against the proposition of
the Senator irom Michigan.   One thing I will say,
that I shall reluctantly pass upon either proposition.
In a former speech, 1 expiessed my full belief in
the honor and responsibility of the State Govern-
ments and the implicit confidence which, in my
judgment, should be reposed in their plighted faith.
I did this in answer to  the reiterated, but ground-
lets, declaration, that the report of the committee
was a direct attack upon their credit.
Mr. President, if my neighbor calls upon me and
asks, as a favor, that I would endorse his paper, I
reply no, I cannot do that, but I will give you a
letter of credit; I will cerufy to the world that you
had contracted your debt in the exercise of the
soundest discretion, and in the prosecution of your
lawful business, and that there is no ground to war-
rant any doubt of your abiktg, or of your disposition, to
fulfil your contracts. My neighbor should go forth
with this letter of credit in his hand, adding liabi-
lity to liability, entering into new projects and in-
curring new debts. At last misfjrtnne overtakes
him; he becomes embarrassed; his contracts aienot
fulfilled; and the holder of this paper comes to me
and says, I ask indemnity at your hands. Is there a
court of equity in Christendom that would not
make me answerable, it I had given such a general
letter of credit with a full knowledge of the fact
that his premvestments had been made in the pro-
secution of the most unpromising and unproduc-
tive enterprises?
Mr. Fres dent, I would not say aught against the
credit of the States. J do not feel myself called upon
to endorse that credit. It is matter foietgn to our
subject, and I will merely add ihat, with a less
guarded legislative proceeding on a former occa-
sion, the Federal Government considered itself
bound, in equity, to provide for the Holland debt
which was then oppressing the District of Co-
lumbia. It was done. I will not, sir, give my
sanction to any proposition which can, by the in-
genuity of man, be construed into an obligation, on
the part of this Government, at any future time, or
under any peculiar circumstances, to assume the
liabilities of the States. I would, therefore, avoid
action. I would avoid the direct expresar n of ihe
sense of the Senate upon the amendment of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, or even upon ih- 
amendment to that amendment as proposed by the
Senator from Michigan. I regard them equally
without the pale of our jurisdiction; as having no-
thing to do with the report or resolutions of the
committee; and, in truth, as a most gratuitous in-
terference, on the part of the Senite, with a most
delicate matter—that of Stale credit.
The resolutions just read, taken together, pre-
sent two very distinct questions for the cons'dera-
tion of the Senate.
The first is, Would it be just, expedient, or con-
stitutional, for the Federal Government to as ume
the entire debt of the Spates?
The second is, Would it be just, exp ilient, or
constitutional, for Congress, by law, to distribute
the proceeds of the hales of the public lands among
the States, upon some given rate, either for the
purpose of relieving them from their present in-
debtedness, (at this period of unlooked for pres-
sure,) or for any other purpose?
These two propositions seemed to be necessarily
involved in the resolutions now bsfore the Senate.
It is my design, in my way, and according to the
lights I possess, and according to the suggestions
ot my best judgment, to discuss each of these pro-
positions. 1 feel myself called upon to do this,
after the s'and the Legislature of my own State
has taken upon ths sabject, and after the instruc-
tions she has sent up here for our guidance upon
these momentous questions—which resolotons I
intend to submit to the Senate tefore I clo«e my
remarKs.
The great burden of the song of the Opposition
from the beginning, has been that this whole pro-
ceeding is gratuitous, uncalled for by any one
State of the Confederacy—that it is a dangerous
and unjustifiable assault upon State responsibility—
that this is the most unpropttious petiod for the
discussion of these momentous questions—that the
whole movement looked and seemed to be designed
as an attack upon the debtor S ates. Let us tee
what foundation there is for these objections.
How came this subject hert? It is true that no
debtor State has direcily asked in ths suppliant
language of petition for aid in her existing embar-
rassment. No S.ate has come up here with a me-
morial for relief. But is there no other mode ex-
cept upon petition, to a -t upon the^e great consti-
tutional questions—questions involving the power
as well as the justice of the Federal Government?
Is it not one of those abstract propositions which
should be entertained, discussed, fully considered
and determined, uninfluenced by any memorial
from any sovereign State or corporation? The ac-
tion of the Senate should be free. The action will
now be controlled by the great principles upon
which rests this Government. This, then, is the
appropriate time for action. The public mind has
already been addressed upon this subject; not
only by those who regard it as a matter of interest
for the Government to come in aid of the States,
but also through the public journal', by the com-
munication of Executives to their State Legisla-
tures. It cannot, for a moment, be denied, that
this very question was engaging the public atten-
tion before the meeting of Congress, and it thus be-
came our bounden duty, on coming together,
promptly tomeetanddec.de theqnest'on.
I have, Mr. President, made an extract from one
of the leading polit'cal journals of the country,
which I propose to lead to the Senate; and I well
recollect that about the time of Ihe publication of
this article, I saw published in other newspapers
substantially the same opinions.
[Here Mr. Clay of Kentucky said: Will the
Senator from New Hampshire give the names of
the papers to which he reiers?]
I will answer the Senator, by assuring him thatT
will give the name of the paper from which I have-
made the se'ected extract. But as to the other pa-
pers, from which I do not purpose to read extracts
in the course of my remarks, I will give to the Se-
nator their names according to my recollection, at
any private interview without the walls of mi 
chamber.
