19ft        _________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.      ___________Feb. mo.
26th Cong..-.1st Sess                                                  Slate Debts—Mr. Hubbard.                                                   _______   Senate.
and avowed friends in this body. Such have been
the recent developments, (hat I trust every oppo-
nent of this scheme is now prepared to admit that
the time had arrived when this Senate, and this
Congress, should act, and act efficiently, upon this
subject, so vital to the peace, harmony, and perpe-
tuity of this Union. Yes, sir, the time had come;
and the Senator from Missouri, vith a proper fore-
cast, saw enough in the signs of the times to induce
him to move in this matter: he richly merits the
thanks of the country for this act of patriotism.
The question recurs, would it be just, expedient,
or constitutional, for this Government to assume
the entire indebtedness of the States? What is the
aggregate amount of those debts? If it be designed
by this Government to assume the entire, or any
portion of, the State debts, it becomes important to
ascertain the sum of that indebtedness. But it has
been said,by way of objection to this proceeding,
that it would be most ungenerous to ihe States, and
most prejudicial to their credit, to speak of their
individual or of their aggregate indebtedness. This
is mere fancy—an idle phantom of the imagination;
it has no foundation lo rest upon. How is this?
Is not the public furnished periodically with the
official reports of comptrollers and State treasurers,
giving an exact exhibit of the liabilities of their re-
spective States, and minutely stating the ebjects
upon which the public money has been applied? Is
not the information within the reach of every man,
showing the extent of Sta'e indebtedness, and the
causes of that indebtedness? I* not the whole sys-
tem of State improvements perfectly well under-
stood? Yes, sir; the bankers of Europe, as well as
of our own country, must be, of necessity, familiar
with the means and liabilities of States asking pe-
cuniary accommodations. Certain it is that all
these facts and details make up a part of the histo-
ry of the times. There is no wrong done, and
Aere can be none done, to the States, by speaking
of their separate or of their aggregate indebtedness.
I would not willingly do an act which could by
possibility injure State credit. But when I am
called on to act upon a project which looks to the
assumption, by the Federal Government, of the
entire debts of the States, I must be permitted to
state the particular, as well as the aggregate,
amount of the State debts. In my judgment, the
whole sum of Stale liabilities at this time cannot
fall short of two hundred millions of dollars.
The following table, showing the debts of the in-
dividual States, and of their gross sum, is sub-
stantially correct. In some instances the liabili-
ties may be estimated too high, in others too low;
but it is sufficiently correct in its details for my
parpóse, and gives good authority for declaring
that the aggregate amount of the State debts can
not fall short of two hundred millions of dollars.
It is of no earthly importance to whom these
State debts may be owing, or for what purpose they
may have been contracted. If the debts are due
to her own citizens, they are, nevertheless, debts.
If the money has gone to constitute the capital of
State bank , the liability of the States still exists.
If State bonds have furnished the pecuniary basis
of State corporations, and paper issues have been
made for the benefit of the States themselves for
the amonnt of that capital, what stands pledged
for the redemption of that circulation but those
very State) bonds? Wherever ihere is an existing
State obligation, the amount of that obligation, no
matter to whom given, or for whit, goes to fix, to
that extent, the sum of State indebtedness. The
table subjoined, is offered to show the amount of
that indebtedness, and when contracted*
The aggregate of that indebtedness is shown by
the table to be $174,382,868. I do not propose to
add the stocks which have been created by the re-
spective States, or the liabilities which have been
incurred since the table was published. I have not
the data at hand which would enable me to do it,
but I do propose to add the twenty-eight millions of
dollars deposited with the several States under the
act of June, 1836. This addition to the sum above
stated, will make an aggregate exceeding the sum
I had assumed as the amount of the State debts.
But it has been said, in the course of this debate,
that this last item ought not to be added, to show
the extent of State liabilities.   So far from it, the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] was under
stood to say that there was an unsatisfied debt now
owing from the General Government to the respec-
tive Stales, growing out of this very deposite act of
1836—that the last instalment had not bten depo-
sited with the States—that they now had a claim
upon the General Government for this nine mil-
lions of dollars. What Is the law of 1836? Is there
one line, or even a single word, in that act, which
treats the sum placed with the States as a donation
to the State ? Was that act supported upon any
such principle? No, sir; nothing could have been
more foreign from those who sustained the bill,
ihan the idea of a grant of the public money to the
use of the States. But let us look into the act itself,
and see what are its plain provisions. I have sub-
joined a copy of that part of the 13th section,
which declares the character of this deposite with
the States:
"That the money which shall be in the Treasury of the United
States on the first day of January, eighteen hundred and thirty-
seven, reserving the sum of fire millions of dollars, shall be de-
posited with the several States, in proportion to their respective
representation in the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States, as shall, by law, authorize their Treasurers,
or other competent authorities, to receive the same on the terms
hereinafter specified, and the Secretary of the Treasury shall
deliver the same to such Treasurer, iff other competentauthori-
ties, on receiving certificates of deposite therefor,sisned by such
competent authorities as may be prescribed by the Secretary
aforesaid, which certificates shall expiess the usual and legal
obligations, and pledge the faith of the State for the safe keeping
and repayment thereof, and shall pledge the faith of the States
receiving the same, to pay the said moneys, and every part
thereof, from time to time, whenever the same shall be required
by the Secretary of the Treasury, for the purpose of defraying
any wants of the public Treasury, beyond the amount of the
five millions aforesaid."
Not only is the law itself free from all ambiguity,
but the action of the State Legislatures themselves
show in what sense ther regarded this transfer of a
portion of the public revenues. The document I
hold in my hand contains the legislation of every
State of the Union upon this subject. I shall mere-
ly transcribe the law of my own and the law of
of the States of Kentucky, to show what the opinion
of the States was upon this subject. Not one oí
them has ever treated this transfer of the public
money as a public donation.
No, sir, bis own State had, by her act, declared
the terms upon which she would receive this de-
posite; and she had, by her Legislature, subsequent-
ly instructed us to oppose every measure intended
'In June, 1838, the Comptroller of the State or New York ad-
dressed a letter to the different States, making inquiry what
amount its laws authorized to be borrowed lor internal im-
provements. The answers he received enabled him to maks
the following table:____________________________________
This statement is confined to contracts authorized at the time  I
of waking it, say June or July, 1838.  Since that time laws have
passed authorizing a large increase for backs as well as public
works.  In Ohio, we know the debt exceeds fifteen million  or
dollars.
to relieve ihe States fi m their liability to return to
the public Treasury this deposite, when demanded.
I shall not hesitate, when occasion requires, to car-
ry into effect her instructions.
STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE.
In the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and
thirty-six.
AN ACT to provide for the receipt of the public money of the
United States which maybe deposited with this State.
Section 1. Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Re-
presentatives in General Court convened, That the Treasurer
of this State be, and hereby is, authorized to receive from the
Secretary of the Treasury of the United States the money which
is directed to be deposited wt'h this State, by virtue of an act of
Congress, entitled "An act to regulate the deposites of the public
money," approved on the twenty-third day of June, anno
Domini one thousand eight hundred and thirty-six; and the
Treasurer of this State is heieby directed and empowered to
execute and deliver to the Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States, certificates of deposite for said money, pledging
the faith of this State for the safekeeping and repayment thereof,
and in all other respects in conformity with the provisions of
■aid act.
Sec 2. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of
the State, for the time beins, is hereby authorized and directed
to pay the said money which may have been received on said
certificates of deposite, and every part thereof, from time to
time, whenever ihe same shall be required by the Secretary of
the Treasuiy, agreeably to the provisions of the act aforesaid;
and if there shall not be a sufficient amount of moneys in the
Tieasury of this State to meet the requisitions of the Secietary
of the Treasury, the Treasurer of the State, for the time being, is
hereby authorized and required, on consent of the Governor, to
borrow on the credit of the State such sums as may be neces-
sary for the repayment ol such deposites, in such portions and
at such times as may be requisite and proper, at the lowest rate
of interest at which the same can be procured, not exceeding
six per cent, and the Treasurer, for the time being, is hereby
authorized and required to pay such loans and the interest, when
the same may become due or payable, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise apppropnated.
The iollowing is the legislation of Kentucky
upon this subject:
AN ACT providing for the receipt of the proportions of the
surplus revenue to be deposited m this State
Be it enacted by the General Assembly of the Common-
wealth of Kentucky, That the Treasurer of this Commonwealth
be authorized and required to receive from the Secretary of the
Treasury of the United States, the proportions of the surplus
revenue, which are required to be deposited in the Treasury of
this Commonwealth, according to the provisions of an act of
Congress, entitled "An act to regulate the deposites of thepuh-
hc money," approved on the 23d of June, 1836; and the said
Treasurer is fm ther authorized and required to execute certifi
cates of deposite, containing obligations, on the part of this
Commonwealth, in conformity with the requisitions of said act
of Congress; and when said surplus revenue shall be recived
by the Treasurer, as hereby authorized and required, he shall
cause the same to be passed to his credit in the deposite banks
of this State, and remain in said deposite banks until otherwise
disposed of by law.
Can there be, then, any " reason to doubt that
the deposites with the States forms one item in the
account of State liabilities ?
I assume the sum of two hundred millions of
dollars as the existing amount of the debts of the
respective States. And let there be a general act
passed by Congress, assuming all outstanding State
liabilities; mark my word, that the aggregate of
that assumption, without taking into the account the
twenty-eight millions of dollars deposited with the
States, would not be less than the two hundred
millions, as stated. *
This, then, is the rum to be provided for—but in
, order to liquidate the entire debt of the States, the
I largest existing State debt, having ths least repre-
; seniation, must be taken into the account, in order
to make an equal and just distribution among
the other States. Let it be supposed then that the
largest State debt is now twenty-five millions of
dollars; and that the renresentation in both branches
of Congress from that State consists of five. If the en-
tire Slate debt should be assumed by the General Go-
vernment, it follows that a public debt mu t be in-
curred to enable the Government to do equal jus-
tice to the other members of the Confederacy, of
fourteen hundred and seventy millions of dollars.
The eight non-debtor States, upon the ratio of
distribution fixed in the deposite act of 1836, would
receive three hundred and fifteen millions of dol-
I lars. That is, they must receive the money, or
the credit or the General Government to that
amount.
The other eighteen debtor State?, upon the prin-
ciple he had stated, would receive, including their
present debts, such further sums as would make
an aggregate of eleven bundled and fifty-five mil-
lions of dollars.
Upon this principle of distribution, New Hamp-
shire herselt must receive thirty-five millions of dol-
lars from the General Government; the annual
interest upon which, at six per cent, would amount
to two hundred and ten thousand dollars; and if
