Feb. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
26th Cong ...1st Sess.
Stale Debts—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
that annual interest shculd be required to be paid
by the pipula'ion of that State, per capita, it
would nece«sanly impose a direct annual tax of at
least seven hundred dollars on every man, wo-
man, and child, of that early, vieilant, and faithful
member of the Confederacy. Take the Stale in
which I reside, and lei it be supposed, that through
the great munificence of the Federal Government,
she was to r«ceive the sum of thirty-five millions
of dolíais. Such a donation would be regarded 
as it should be, a public curse, instead of a public
blessing. Should she appiopriate it upon works
pf internal improvement"!, in constructing rail-
roads and canals through every section of the State,
it would unavoidably impose upon her a debt
from which, in no time to come, could she be de-
livered. If she should appropriate the principal
for purposes of education, the mteiest of that fund
most be drawn by direct or by indirect taxation
from the pockets of her own people.
Such a distribution would scatter the seeds of
local jealousy, would produce a most disorganizing
and disastrous influence upon State operations.
Such a distribution is unasked by one, at leas*, of
the non-debtor States. It would, in his view, be
imposing upon her posterity burdens which we
ought ourselves to bear. Such a distribution would
not only distract th« councils of ihe State, but
would also destroy that peace and harmony, and
love of union, which nie the certain cements of the
Confederacy. The all importance of preserving
that Union inviolate, is most impressively described
m an address to which the American people can-
not too often recur:
"While, then, every pirtof our country thus feels an imme-
diate and particular interest in union, all the parties combined
cannot fail to find, in the united mass of means and efforts,
greater btrength, greater resource, proportionably greater se-
curity from external danger, a less frequent interruption of
their peace by foreign nations; and, what is of inestimable
value, they must denve from union an exemption from those
broils and wars between themselves, which so frequently afflict
neighboring countries, not tied together by the same Govern-
ment, which their own nvalsliips alone would be sufficient to
produce, but which opposite foreign alliances, attachments, and
intri gues, would stimulate and embitter."
Theie would then be no justice or expediency
in such a distribution, in such a division of ihe pub-
lic revenue for such a purpose. I would not in-
terfere with Ihe policy of the Slates I would not,
by the power of this Government, by the mighty in-
fluence of its means, embarrass the enterprise of
States or corporations. I would leave them to act
freely within their spheres; and I would limit the
operations of this Government to that line of action
prescribed by the letter of the Constitution. 1
would assume no power—more especially I would
not assume the power of distributing the public
revenues (among the States—the exercise of
which power would prove so fatal to the perma-
nency of the Government. Let the States carry
on their works of internal improvement. Let them
accomplish what they may, in conjunction with
corporations or with individuals. I would not
have the General Government connect itself with
their operations.
Wuh equal justics might this parental Govern-
ment, as it has been called, assume the debts of
the individuals composing the Slates, as of the States
composing the Union. If this Government be the
parent ol the States, (which I most emphatically
deny,) it follows that the citizens are but removed
in one further degree in the lineal descent from
the common stock; and with equal semblance of
justice might it be contended that this Government
should assume the debts of individuals and of cor-
porations, as well as the deb's of the States; and
the monstrous inexpediency of the proposition is
most forcibly presented, when we contemplate ihe
true relations between the State and General Go-
vernments.
The States are the independent members of the
Union, acting upon all questions of internal police
as to them shall seem fit—accountable not to Con-
gress but to their own Government, for their own
actions. The General Government may be regard-
ed as the great agent of the State", to perform, for
the good of the whole Confederacy, certain duties,
and to exercise certain powers, well defined and
expressly delegated by the letter of the Constitution
un?er which we live.
This very relation, subsisting between the States
and the General Government, stands opposed to
this project of assumption. Where is to be found
the consiitutional power to provide for the pay-
ment of the entire, or of any fraciional part ot the
State debts? No such power is expressly conferred
nor will it be contended that it is an incidental
power, necessarily existing for the proper execution
of  he powers expressly delegated to Congress.
There is no such power on the part of Congress,
expressed or implied; and it would be a most vio-
lent assumption of power for Congress to provide
for the assumption of the State debts
'Congress shall have power te lay and collect taxes, duties,
imports, and excises, to pay the debts, and to provide for the
common defence and general welfare of the United Sutes "
It has power to borrow money on the credit of
the United Sta'es but this power to borrow money
is only for the purpose of furnishing the requisite
means for the common defence and general welfare
of the Union. It has no power, under these
clauses, to borrow money to give away in charity.
It has no power to impose taxes or duties for the
purposs of collecting revenue for distribution, for
the exclusive benefit of the States.
The means of the General Government are its
revenues, derived from imports, and from the sales
of the public land«. The^e means can only be ap-
plied, constitutionally, for objects connected with
the common defence or general welfare of the
country.
If Congress has the power to assume the State
debis, it may tax the people for any purpose. It
may dispense charities, endow colleges, establish
highways, and carry forward all projects for inter-
nal improvements.
If Congress, under ihe power to borrow money,
can provide ihe means for the extinguishment of
State debts, it can not only, with its taxing power,
destroy the independence, but the resources of the
States themselves. If Congress, under the taxing
power, can transcend the limits expressly defined
in the Constitution, it can imposé any burden it
shall please upon any members of the Confederacy,
having no connection with the common defence, or
with ihe general welfare of the United States.
IfCorgress can assume the debt of Illinois, it
has power to take from the Treasury an eqnal
sum and present to New Hampshire. If Congress
has the power to assume the debt of any one
State, it possesses the power to interfere with the
internal police of the States, controlling their whole
sys'em of State local improvements.
No, Mr. President, there are no such powers de-
legated to Congress by the Constitution. And there
are no such implied powers conferred. But if the
State debt* can be assumed by the General Go-
vernment, huw are the means to be provided. As
I have before stated, the whole revenues of this
Government are derived from imports and lands.
Co-gress has the power to impose direct and
indirect laxes; and I ask how are ihe means to be
supplied to meet the unavoidable charges upon
the Treasury, consequent upon such an assump-
tion.
Would it be attempted to lay taxes, to impose
duties, to draw from the pockets of the people, di-
rectly or indirectly, the entire sum nece-sary to
meet the existing liabilities of the debtor, and to
doe qua)|justice to the non-debtor Slates? No,sir;such
a proposition would find no favor here. Congress
must borrow the money—must pledge the faith of
this Government to fore gn capitalists. This Go-
vernment must bow down before Ihe moneyed
power of Europe, and supplicate relief for the
Sate . This Government wou'd then, indeed, as-
sume a new attitude. Instead of these United
States being free and independent, they would be-
come the mere vassals of the money power of Eu-
rope, looking there for favor and for protection.
This would then be the abject condition of the
now free, sovereign, and independent Slates of
united America.
"Againstthe insidious wiles of foreign influence, the jealousy
of a free people ought to be awake, since history and expe-
rience prove that foreign influence is one of the most baneful
foes ofa Republican Government."
I shall now proceed to consider the second pro-
position involved in the resolution under conside-
ration, and this was the main purpose I had in
view in addressing the Senate.
Would it be just, expedient, or constitutional, to
divide the public domain—the property of the Gent-
ral Government—among the several S ates, upon
some fixed ratio? Or would it be just, expedient,
or consti utional, to abstract annually from the pub-
lic Treasury a sum equal to the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands, for the purpose of distri-
bution among the re^peetive States, upon the same
ratio? As I have stated, my main object in rising
to address the Senate at this time, was to consider
these questions; and I purpoie to go into the his-
tory of our public lands, to show in what way they
have been acquired—how much they have cost the
Federal Government—and what have been the re-
ceipts into the Treasury Irom this source of reve-
nue; and if I am not wholly mistjken in my ex-
amination—if I have not made most erroneous
calculations—if I have not entirely been misled by
results—it would be the most flagrant act of in-
justice to the Union—the most unwarrantable
abu*e of power, on the part of the Federal Govern-
ment, to dispose of the public lands as contem-
plated by the second resolution offered by the
Senator from Keutucky. Before, however, I pro-
ceed to state my views and calculations upon this
branch of the subject, I will present to the Se-
nate the resolutions which were adopted by the
Legislature of New Hamp^h re. They exhibit
ihe true constitutional doctrine. They lurnish a
valuable commentary upon this da g rous usurpa-
tion of power—upon thu system of d stribution of
the public moneys:
Whereas Government was instituted for the common be
nefit, protection, and security of the whole community, and not
for the private interests or emolument of any one man or class
of men- And whereas all manner of unnecessary taxation,
whether it have for its object distribution, the granting of pro-
tection to certain individuals only, or of certain kinds of manu-
factures, to the exclusion of all other individuals, manufacture ,
er trades, is highly detrimental to the best interests of the whole
people- And whereas any system of direct or indirect taxation
for the purpose of internal improvements, to benefit exclusively
certain individuals, or sections of country, at the expense of
other individuals, and other sections, is highly to be deprecated
on account of us manifest lojnsiice to the great mass of the com-
munity: And whereas any distribution of the surplus revenue
of the General Government to the States, whether that surplus
is an accidental one or otherwise, is contrary to the true spirit
and meaning af the Constitution, and if the practice of taxing
the people unnecessarily for that parpóse is adopted, will tend
towards the creation of a consolidated Government, and to the
ultimate and complete dependence of the several States upon
that Government.   Therefore
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives in
General Court convened, That all revenue arising from im-
ports or direct taxation should not exceed the legitimate wants
of the Government, and that any system tending to increase the
revenue beyond that point is oppressive and unequal: therefore,
any compromise made by the Representatives of the people
tending to increase the same beyond that point, can have no bind-
ing moral obligation upon their successors.
And be it further resolved. That a system ef internal im-
provements for the purpose of benefiting certain sections of
the country at the expense of other sections, is not only uncon-
stitutional, but highly oppressive to the great mass of commu-
nity, and that such improvements should therefore be left to in-
dividual enterprise.
And be it further resolved, That any distribution of the sur-
plus revenoes of the Genera) Government would be net only
contrary to the spirit of the Constitution, but, if adopted, will
tend to the establishment of a consolidated Government, de-
grading to the States, and reducing them to servile dependence
upon the General Government.
And be it further resolved, That our Senators m the Cen-
gress of the United States be instructed, and our Representa-
tives requested, to use their exertions to procura such redaction
of the tauff, having due regard to the general interests of the
whole community, as to meet the actual wants of the Govern-
ment, and such graduation of the prices, and limitation of the
sales, of the public lands, as will best promote the settlement
and actual occupancy of the same.
And that they be further instructed and requested to vote
against any bill or resolution providing for the distribution to
the Slates of any moneys which may hereafter be in the Trea-
sury of the United States; or for the alteration or change of the
laws now existing regulating the deposite of publir moneys, so
as to distribute or relinquish the repayment of the same; and
that they be further directed to lay this preamble and these re-
solutions before both Houses of Congress.
Such are the resolutions which have been sus-
tained by the friends of the Administration in my
own State; such are the resolutions which her Le-
gislature have most triumphantly adopted. They
are the undisguised sentiments of a hard work-
ing, industrious community—of men whose brave
ancest. y had done much to achieve the indepen-
dence of their country—mm who are ready for any
sacrifice to preserve unimpaired the great legacy of
their Revolutionary fathers, w.ho well understand
the value of popular liberty, and who cannot fail to
realize that the only sure mode of maintaining « in
its original purity, is to adhere with rigid pertina-
city to the well defined powers of the Federal Go-
vernment.                          . ,   _           , „
These resolutions, in which I most folly con-
