Feb. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20S
26th Cong......1st Sess.
State Debts—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
should appear that the Treasury has been
taxed, rather than enriched, by the public lands.
If there is any truth in figures, the Treasury has
been, and is liable to be, taxed over eighty millions
of dollars for the costs and management of the
public domain, beyond the receipts from that source
of the public revenue. No matter whether the
balance against the lands be eighty, or less than
eighty millions. The fact is undeniable, that mil-
lions and tens of millions have been disbursed at
the Treasury, on account of the public lands, be-
yond the receipts from the proceeds of their sales;
and what is proposed to be done? Collect from
the lands enough to discharge this balance at the
Treasury? No, sir; with this amount charged
upon the lands, it i? now proposed to take away
that source of revenue; to deprive the Treasury
of the benefit of the usual receipts from the sales
of the land; and to distribute those receipts peri-
odically among the States for local object1:, or to
relieve them from their indebtedness.
I presume it to be the purpose of the Senator
from Kentucky, should his last resolution be
adopted, to follow it up with a bill having a re-
trospective operation, and thus to carry into effect,
to some extent, the provisions of the land bill,
which has, at former sessions, been before the
Senate. In pursuance of the deposite act of 1836,
the whole receipts into the Treasury, from the
lands for that year, and nearly all for the year pre-
ceding, were placed with the ¡States; antitrust that
the Senator's bill will commence with the close of
1836, and will take from the Treasury the receipts
from the lands of 1837,1838, and 1839, making
an aggregate cf over fifteen million of dollars.
This sum would thus be drawn from the Trea-
sury byjlhe retrospective operation of the project,
and its prospective operation would continue so
long as the Government itself should continue.
That portion of the public lands purchased from
France, Spiin, and the State of Georgia, amount-
ing to more than twenty millions of dollars, has
been paid for from the public Treasury. The means
have been drawn from the people; the products of
their labor have been taxed to meet the exactions
of their Government for those objects; and every
man in the community who has consumed a single
article, paying duty, has besn obliged to contribute
to the wants of the Treasury. The people believed
that all the disbursements required in the acquisi-
tion and management of the public domain would,
in due time, be repaid to the Treasury by receipts
from that source of the public revenue.
The man in the remotest corner of New Hamp-
shire—he who lives in the fastnesses of her moun-
tains, has contributed towards the purchase of the
public lands. And would that man be benefited by a
distribution to his State of her ratable proportion of
the fifteen millions of dollars?   No, sir. feThe three
hundred and fifty thousand dollars to which New
Hampshire would be entitled upon the principle of
division adopted by the act of 1836,would not yield
to him any pecuniary advantage, and could not be
appropriated so as to afford an equal and just be-
nefit to all.   If the States expend the money upon
local objects—if they expend it in the payment
of debts contracted for local objects—the effect
would he the same.   But a limited portion of the
community would or could derive any practical
benefits from such a distribution.   The yeomanry
of the country; the great body of the tax payers,
who live remote from railroads and canal?, would
find  no   relief from.their   taxation   from any
such distribution of the public revenues.   So far
from  it, they would be forced  to bear   their
present burdens, to enrich the capitalists of their
own States.   There can be no distribution to the
States of portions of the public revenue, with the
least semblance of equal justice.   Such distribu-
tions will inevitably tend to increase the burdens
of the many, for the exclusive benefit of the few.
Regarding this measure as I do, as at war with
all the great objects for which ibis Government
"was formed—regarding it as  an act of inevitable
and manifest injustice to the great body of the tax
payers of the country—I cannot give to it my
support.   I should be doing that which my own
judgment would condemn,   I should be inflicting
an act of monstrous injustice upon my Stale, and
an act of cruel oppression upon her people.
Mr. President, if the last resolution of the Senator
from Kentucky shall be adopted—it theie shall be
a consequent legislation, by Congress, correspond-
ing with its spirit, then, as I have before said, will
the independence of the States be prostrated. If, in
any form, there shall be a distribution of any por-
tion of the public revenue for the purpose of carry-
ing on and completing local objects, or for the pur-
pose of paying State debts, the consequence to the
States themselves would be fatal to their pride, and
repugnant to their love of liberty—would paralyze
tho e energies of character, and break down those
habits of industry, for which the descendants of our
Revolutionary fathers have been most truly distin-
guished. As I would reverence the independence
and sovereignty of the States—as I would sacredly
protect the righs and immunities of our State Go-
vernments—as I would preserve, unimpaired, the
moral character, the energy and the industry of the
American people, I would oppose this scheme and
project in every possible form. I look upon it as
tending to excite those passions and prejudices
among the members of the Confederacy, fatal to
the harmony, peace, and perpetuity of the Union.
If the proposition shall be carried out, the time
cannot be far distant when profusion will take the
place of economy in all public expenditures; when
the lofty independence of the people would give
way to cringing and abject s?rvility; when the no-
ble spirit of State power and of State sovereignty
would be degraded and debased by the uncon-
trolled and omnipotent influence of money. As an
American, I cannot contempla e this project in any
of its tendencies, or in any of its bearings, with
satisfaction. It would prove most injurious to na-
tional as well as to individual prosperity and cha-
racter.
There can be, Mr1. President, no practical benefit
resulting to any State by the adoption of such a
project. In the first place, the money cannot be
spared from the Treasury. The wants of the Go-
vernment will find use for all ¡Is means. The state-
ments presented to us by the head of the Treasury
Department, furnish clear and conclusive evidence,
that if five millions only is withdrawn annually
from the Treasury for distribution, that being the
estimated amount of the annual revenue arising
from the sales of the public lands, the same
amount must be returned to the Treasury to meet
the requirements of the Government. There is no
ambiguity in the exhibit of the Secretary won this mut-
ter. It is clear as light, and perfectly intelligible to every
man. The Treasury then cannot annually, from the
means within its control, furnish this sum for distri-
bution, and be prepared to answer the usual appro-
priations made by Congress. This fact is undenia-
ble. There is no surplus money, on hand, all the
available means are wanted for public use. And
does it not occur that such a distribution as is con-
templated at a time like this, would work great
njustice to the New England States. New Hamp-
shire, for instance, npon the supposition that fifteen
millions is to be [distributed among the States
in proportion to her representation in both Houses
of Congress, would receive a fraction over
three hundred and fifty thousand dollars. In
Fame way a like sum would have to be returned
to the Treasury. The only course which could be
resorted to to supply the deficiency, would be to
collect the sum thus abstracted, from imports.
In such an event my own State would be obliged
to bear an unequal share of the burden, because it
is known that her consumption of articles paying
duty would exceed the average consumption of in-
terior States having an equal representation.
While, then, she"*would receive $350,000 as her
share of the dis'ribution, she Would be obliged, to
pay back, by indirect taxation, fifty per cent, at
least, in addition, to supply the deficiency occasioned
by the distribution. And here we have a faint ex-
pose of the inequality and injustice which this mea-
sure would produce in practice. It cannot bear
examination. Its gross and palpable partiality
it  operation must strike every man who will at-
tentively consider it. It is, in my judgment, an
imposition upon the intelligence of the people;
while you propose to distribute with one hand to
the Slates, with the other you take, indirectly, from
the hard earnings of the people, the amount thus ab-
stracted. It is, in short, but a proposition to col-
lect a given sum into the Treasury, and to distri-
bute that sum to the States, and then to turn round
and draw from the people the same sum into the
Treasury, subject to all the costs and charges of
collection. Not only the direct influence which
this measure would produce upon the character
of States and communities ¡should prevent its adop-
tion, but there are considerations of public policy
policy which should stay the progress of this pro-
ject.
The inevitable effect of such a scheme, if car-
ried into full effect, would be to augment and keep
up the tariff—an effect which cannot be contem-
plated but with emotions of intense solicitude for
the well being of our country.
A proactive tariff seems to be among the here-
sies of the times. The doctrine dees not find uni-
versal support from that class designed more espe-
cially to be benefited by such a policy. The ma-
nufacturer him?elf is prepared to admit that.]
"It is because the provisions and all other means
of living, and the rate of wages, are lower abroad
than they are in our own country; that foreign
manufactures are afforded here cheaper than our
own." The legislation of Congress hitherto, with a
view to the protection of manufactures, has hadjno
o'her effect than alternately to stimulate bank ex-
pansions, extensive foreign importations, and then,
for self-preservation, to be followed with such ex-
tensive bank contractions, as inevitably to lead
to the embarrassment, if not to the entire prostra-
tion of our manufacturing establishments. Le-
gislation for the exalasive benefit of any
one interest, is at war with the genius of
our free institutions, and should meet the deter-
mined apposition of every patriot. Equal liberty,
equal protection, equal privileges, equal and exact
justice to all, favoritism to none, are maxims in-
terwoven in every part of our Constitution. They
are the pillars on which rests the superstructure of
our Government. They should be the cherished
sentiments of every friend of our country. Fi r
the purpose of showing the fluctuations and em-
barrassments of the manufacturers, which have,
from time to time, occurred, I have subjoined the
following table, which has fallen in my way, and
which marks their rise and fall, their prosperity
and adversity, and gives a sufficient reason for
these alternations:
Year.    Operation of Banks.     Imports. State qfMan'fg.
1817   Expansion   begun—pa-  $99,000,000   Good times.
per depreciated.
1818   Expansion till July, then 122,000,000   First of the year
a contraction, specie 10                      good—last  part
pel cent, premium.                            grew dull.
1819' Further contraction.          87,000,000   Gen. suspension.
1820   Continued      do.              76,000,000   Much depressed.
1821    Expansion    begun    in   63,000,000   Good times.
spring; speculation ac-
tive in Oetober.
1822   Contraction   from   May   83,000,000   Operatives    dis-
through the year.                               miseei.
1823   Banks begin to extend.       75^)00,000   Manufact'ing  re-
rives.
1821   Issues increased,                81,000,000   Good times.
1625   Paper increases till July   66,000,000   MaiiufaCl's afetp.
—then begins a  con-                                        "• ,r
traction—and     banks
break.
1826   Contraction continued.      85,000,000   3,000 weavers
of work in
ladeiphia in
1827   Money plenty.                   79,000,000   Good times.
1828   Money   vtry   scarce in   89,000,000   Great distress.
May and September.
1829   Money scaice till July—   74,000,000   Great distress till
then plenty.                                      July.
1830   Money plenty.                   71,000,000   Good times.
1831    Money plenty till October, 103,000,000   Good   times   till
then contraction.                                October.
1832   Pressure.                          101,000,000   Manf. distressed.
1S33   Expansion, new banks.     108,000.000   Good times.
«631   Panic                            127,000,000   Factories stopped
from fright.
1835   Expansion.                      150,000,000   Good times.       .  4
1836   Vast expansion, and the 190,000,009   Wonderful   gasd
world mad in specula-                      times,
tion.
IS37   Banks   suspend,   i per 141,000,000 . Manf. prostrate,
depreciates,   and   ex-               .            ,
changes bad.                           _¿   „    , .   „
1838   Resumption in May add 114,000,001   Good times.
increase of paper.               __-~    *•__/.~k—_.
1839   HalfihebMil¿1!«rj«>Ó^.156Vfl00,«    Manf. embaír* 
years r&X«% ««, ^W^r^^nFS^iZ
jear, increased imputations ihe next, and bank contractu  
4ñ7presw ^. of manufacturers the yew following.   Thu 
