htu 1840.
APP1ÉNDIX TO THE COÑGRÉSáíONAL GLOBE.
205
26th Coxo.......1st-Se*s.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Clifford.
H. of Reps.
nise a Legislature in the first instance, after their own will; and
thereby contravene the wishes of the people, and perpetuate
the power in their own hands.
In Virginia, for example, a strict interpretation of the law
would place the organization of the Legislature, in the first in-
stance, inthe hands of the Executive Council.
But they have never interpreted the law as conferring any
power on them, merely to administer the prescribed oaths;
they never examined the certificates of members, or took cog-
nizance of their title in any way.
A high Executive officer of Pennsylvania, acting under laws
not more rigid than those of England or the State above alluded
to, but feeling it his duty to fellow the minutest technicality in
regard to returns, rejecting all those of a conflicting mture, and
presenting to the Legislature those only he deemed official, was
well nigh involving that ancient and patriotic Commonwealth
in revolution and civil war.
Had the Secretary of State presented both returns from the
county of Philadelphia, and explained the circumstances so far
as they had come to his knowledge, he would have relieved
himself from a very delicate position, thrown the responsibility
of deciding the case wheroit properly belonged, on the House
of Representatives and the Senate, and, in all probability,
would have prevented those distressing scenes which followed
the course he actually pursued. And much of the testimony
given before a committee of the Legislature appointed to exa-
■ mine into the causes of the difficulties at Harrisburg, and many
other recent events, all prove that, had he pursued the course
above indicated, no difficulties would have arisen, and general
satisfaction would have been given to the wise and candid of
all parties.
Congress, however, both in regard to the return of its mem-
bers and its mode of organization, is governed by no statute or
prescribed rule of any kind. Originating, as it did, under
circumstances altogether different from those of the Commons
House of Parliament, it must necessarily, for its own guidance,
have given birth to aset of principles entirely at variance from
those of a Legislature, which sprung, in the first instance, from
the will of a menarch, and was only enabled, after many gene-
rations of contest between their own privileges and the pre-
rogatives of the Crown, to establish something like the inde-
pendence and stability of a representative body.
C.mgreas, as it is well known, took its origin ir  the conven-
tions or assemblies of deputies sent by-the Colonies to consult
for their defence and mutual welfare in a time of common
danger. The first that met in Philadelphia, in 1774, was com-
posed of men possessing every variety of credentials. Some
were deputed by the Colonial Legislature, others by popular
assemblies, and others again by mere committees of safety.
Assembling, however, at the imminent hazard of their for-
tunes and their lives, the simple presence of any man wis a suf-
ficient guarantee of his honesty and zeal. . Coming together for
the first time, personally as strangers to each other, but well
known as the bold defenders of a common cause, they forth-
with, making no question of each other's authority, proceeded
to elect a President to preside over their deliberations, and a
secretary to record their proceedings. Afler they had formed
themselves into a deliberative body, they then caused the cre-
dentials of those present to be read and approved. The Con-
gress which assembled in May, 1775, was organized in the same
way—not calling for ihe credentials of members until the House
had been formed. After the articles of Confederation had been
adopted, the mode of oiganizing Congress was varied. The
credentials were fiist produced and passed upon, before they
proceeded to the election of officers.
In the second Congress, which met u nder the articles of Con-
federalist), the delegates produced their credentials in the first
instance, which were read and referred to a committee "to re-
port thereon as soon as may be." The committee reported the
next day, and, all being approved, they then proceeded to the
election of president and secretary. This preliminary exam i
nation by a committee, was never prantised before or after the
Congress which met in 1734. In 1785, they handed in their
credentials, which were read without being referred, and then
proceeded t j their elections. At the next Congress, in 1786,
the credentials were referred to a committee after the election
of officers, but were not reported on until a late period.
The journals after the First Congress, which met under our
present Constitution, run in these words. "The following mem-
bers of the House of Representatives appeared, produced their
credentials, and took their seats." And such is the tenor of
everyjournaluntila very recent date. Thus, it appears, that
from the first time we had any organized system for the go-
vernment of the States, some kind of credentials or evidence
of membership, was expected and required before any one
conld participate in the deliberations of Congress. But the na-
ture of those credentials, and the mode of determining their
validity, have always been various, and to this day, are not di-
rected b) any general law. The Constitution has conferred on
Congress the power of adopting a system of general regulations
in regard to the elections and the returns. But this provision
justly excited the jealousy of those who were friendly to the
independence of the States. It was warmly resisted by many
of the State conventions assembled to adopt the Constitution;
and the point was only yielded on the promise that the Consti-
tution should be amended in that particular so soon as it had
been adopted. Accordingly, at a very early period in the First
Congress, Mr. Burke, of South Carolina, moved the following
amendment: "Congress shall not alter, modify, or interfere in
the times, places, or manner of holding elections of Senators or
Representatives, except when any State shall refuse, orneglect,
or be unable, by invasion or rebellion, to make such elec-
tions." It was argued, in favor of this amendment, "lAai the
clause of the Constitution conferring on Congress the power
to refútale elections was obnoxious 'o almost every State; that
it put it in the power of that body to establish a Government
of an arbitrar;/ kind. If the United States are desirous of
controlling the people, they can do it by virtue of the powers -
given them in the 4th section of the 1st article; and whenever
they choose io exercise those powers, then farewell to the
right  of the people, even to elect their own Representa-
tives. When did a confederated Government have the
power of determining on the mode of their own election? In
the order of things, thai power should rest with the Slates
respectively, because they can vary their regulations to ac-
commodate t'epeople, in a more convenient manner than
can be done in any general law whatever." Such were the
arguments advanced in defence of the amendment; but it was
lost by a majority of five votes. So obnoxious, however, is
any general law of elections, that though many arguments of
fouvenience and espadiency might be urged in its foyor, none
has ever been adopted; repeated attempts have been made, but
always signally failed; and we may venture to say that none
ever will be adopted, so long as the great aud important doctrine
of State Rights is regarded.
In the meantime, the mode of procedure in regard to the or-
ganization of the House, and the admission of members, seems
to have varied at different times, and never controlled by any
general parliamentary principle. Of late years, those evi-
dences of membership, called credentials, are forwarded by
very few of the States, and are rarely ever presented by mem-
bers; so that the phrase found in the older journals—"presented
their credentials"—has not been inserted for the last twenty
years, because it expressed an untruth, none ever being pre-
sented.
It has now become a matter of vital importance to elicit from
past experience and former precedents some general principle,
governing all cases, and admitted as a sufficient rule by which
the title of membership in  the first instance shall he deter-
mined, and the House provisionally organized.   And for this
purpose, bearing in mind that this provisional organization is
a mere incipient stage towards a more perfect legislative body,
and always subject to the control of a majority,  there can be
no better rule than that which has been practised on by Con-
gress from a time that the memory of man runneth not to the
contrary.   The rolls of the House of Representatives  have
always been made up from those names who, from common
notoriety, and the general consent of all parties, were acknow-
ledged to be members of Congress.   Common fame and news-
paper reports may appear to be a slender reliance for so im-
portant a matter; but, when further examined, will prove ot
highest and most trustworthy authority. The press has become
a fourth estate in the Government of civilized society.   All
matters appertaining to elections, returns, and public characters,
are thoroughly sifted, and made known  to the whole world.
Our country, too, ever has been, and ever will be, divided into
two contending parlies ; these principles of hostility are im-
planted in the human heart, and, in some form, will ever ex-
hibit themselves, and a wakeful jealousy will ever keep them
observant of each other's conduct; so that by means of these
opposing elements, with the aid of the press, the truth, and the
whole truth, In regard to any political matter, may be as well
known to those who live in the remotest parts of the Union, as
to those who were eye witnesses of the transaction.
Our elections are not held in obscure boroughs, and by a few
electors, as in England. Fifty thousand people are interested
in the result of each election. An active and warm canvass
commences between the contending parties for many days be-
fore the voting is commenced; the candidates in many States go
from house to house, from village to village, discussing impor-
tant questions, and setting forth their íespective claims. In
other States the same publicity is given to their proceedings
through the press. vVhen the election come3 on, hundreds in
open day press to the polls to give their votes. The progress
of the election is watched from the beginning by suspicious,
vigilant, and anxious partisans of the respective candidates.
The result, when announced, is known through the entire
district, spread on the wings of the wind through the
State, and soon becomes the subject of speculation and of
interest to the intelligent portion of fifteen millions of people.
It is obvious, therefore, that by this process it is utterly impos
sible for any fraud or deception to be practised without imme-
diate detection. The precise state of the poll, the number of
votes given, the exact majority, and all questions and disputes
growing out of the electi"ns, become the most prominent part
of the history of the day; and no private papers, (as all creden-
tials are,) however well authenticated, can enable the proper
officer to make up a more complete and satisfactory roll of mem-
bers than he can form Irom the current history of the times. He
is made as well satisfied as he can be of any human event, by
common notoriety and the consent of all parties, that certain
men, (or more properly, as the individual may be unknown,)
certain names, are elected as members of Congress; and the
next most important point is to identify the name with the indi
vidual actually elected.
The mode pursued by Congress in this respect also, is a
plain and simple one. When the day appointed by the Consti-
tution and the laws for the meeting of Congress has arrived,
and those who are members, or claim to be members, present
themselves in their usualplace of meeting; and when, at the
appointed or usual hour, the officer to whom has been en-
trusted, by lone and undisputed usage, the duty of making a
roll of members on the principles above indicated, presents
himself, announces that he is about to call (he names of
those who are members of the House of Representatives—
when he actually calls a name, and one rises from his seat, or
audibly answers to that mme, there can be no question in the
mind of any one that he is the individual actually elected and
entitled to his seat. Undercolor of a piece of paper or parch-
ment, which he can procure by fraud or brib ry, and under
protection of the secret ballot box, one might have the hardi-
hood to present himself, go through the forms of initiation, and
aid in doing infinite mischief—in subverting the Constitution
itself—before he could be detected; and then, by aid of his own
voice, might save himself irom ejection and punishment.
But here no one can conceive the possibility of such a thing.
It is not in the human heart to strain itself up to the practice of
a fraud, surrounded by existing circumstances. Silence and
secresy aie essential to the perpetration of crime. But here
are assembled, in open day, the Representatives of six and
twenty Stales; and a vast concourse of people from all parts
of the Union, anxiously watching the minutest procedure.
Can it be possible that one would rise in such a presence, and
answer to a name that is not his, and claim a seat to which he
has no title? It is not in man io art so base a part. When,
therefore, the roll has been called through, and a sufficient
number have answered to their names to constitute a quorum,
there is then a House of Representative!", as contemplated by
the Constitution; for it says, each House shall elect its own
officers. As there are Parliaments, so there must be a House ot
Representatives; before the election of Speaker. And there
is no ether way in which a House can be constituted, than the
one just described. When that process has been completed,
there is then a House of Representatives, competent to enter-
tain and decide all questions touching the privilege of members,
the claims to contested seats, and all matters appertaining to
their more complete organization. They cannot enter on the
ordinary business of legisla ion as prescribed and limited by
the Constitution, because they have not taken the oath to sup-
port the Constitution: which, by some inadvertence, is required
to be administered, not by a judicial officer, but by the Speaker
hinwelfaiterhii election.
While thus engaged in the adjustment of preliminary ques-
tions, the House must be governed by the common law of Par-
liament, without which no deliberative body can exist. It is
true they are not bound by the rules of a preceding Congress;
but those rules, like statutes, do not create or destroy, but only
limit and define a general principle. Take away the limita-
tions, and the principle exists in its original force.
When thus constituted and organized tntoa nouse of Repre-
sentatives, it is then the duty of "the proper officer to lay before
them all contested cases, and the evidence in his possession,
that they may pioceed, according to the Constitution, to decide
on the elections, returns, and qualifications of those contesting.
After the most laborious investigation into all the precedents,
from the earliest times, both in our own country and in Eng-
land, I have cometo the conclusion that this is the only safe
and proper course to be taken.*
Though long usage, and the necessity of the rase, have im-
posed on the Clerk of the House the duty of making a roll of
members, tobe called at the opening of Congress, yet he has no
authority whatever to interpose in doubtful cases, or throw any
obstacle in the way of an immediate adjustment by the House.
Where there are no difficulties, his course is plain; but in all
matters of doubt, he is bound to present the evidence in his pos-
session, and throw the responsibility of deciding, where it has
been placed by the Constitution, on the Representatives of the
people. No party can take exceptions, no individual can be
aggrieved by this course It will be as much in the power of
the House to acton them when called at the end of the roll, as if
they had been called in the regular routine, according to past
usage. And by the mode here proposed, one great advantage
will be gained in having a House organized and competent to
entertain and decide all questions touching the privilege of
members, before any contested cases shall come before them
for consideration.
Believing that Congress, originating in peculiar circumstances,
and being a Government of confedeiatei States, must necessa-
rily be controlled by laws different from those of the House ot
Commons, or the S.ate Legislaturestxercismg jurisdiction over
a consolidated mass— believing that the present mode of testing
and recogoising members is more efficacious than any positive
enactment can be made—that it is more open, impartial, and
consistent with our federative system, and that it is less liable
to be perverted, under color of law and strict technicalities, into
an instrument of fraud—believing that when a roll, made up of
the names of those who, by common notoriety and the general
consent of all parties, were recognised as members of the House
of Representatives, has been called through, and a sufficient
number have answered to their names to constitute a quorum,
that then there is a House of Representatives as understood by
the Constitution, controlled by the common law of Parliament,
and competent to decide all questions touching the privileges of
members—and believing that then, and not before, all contest-
ed cases, with the accompanying testimony, should be laid be-
fore them for considerat on, I feel it a solemn duty incumbent
on me to proceed in this mode to organize the House, so far as
necessity, and unbroken usage from time immemorial, have
thtawn that task on the Clerk of a preceding Congiess.
Having made a roll of those names who, by general noto-
riety and the common consent of all parties, were members of
Congress, I prepared a brief statement of the New Jersey con-
tested case, in the following words, which it was my intention
to lay before the House so soon as a quorum was ascertained
to be present:
STATE OF NEW JERSEY.
DOUBLE  RETURN.
There is, in my possession, commissions of the Governor of
New Jeraay. addressed to John Banker Aycriqg, William
Halsted, John P. B. Maxwell, Joseph F. Randolph,
Charles C. Stbatton, and Thomas Jones York, esquires, of
which the following is a copy:
STATE OF NEW JERSEY,
To John B. AYOEioo,of the county of Bergen, egquire.oHXSTiNO:
It appearing tothe Governor of the State of New Jersey, and
the Privy Council thereof, that you have been elected by the-
people of the State of New Jersey to represent the said Slate in
the House of Representatives of the Twenty-Sixth Congress of
the United States, you, the said John B. Aycrioo, are there-
fore com missioned to represent the State of New Jersey in the
House of Representatives of the United States, during the
Twenty-sixth Congress.   In testimony whereof, &c.
[Sgned ]                               WM. PENNINGTON.
By the Governor:
James D. Wkstcqtt, Secretary of State.
(The same in relation to the other five members.)
I have, also, in possession the certificate of the Secretary of
State, of the State of New Jersey, of which the following is  a
copy:
State op New Jersey, es.                                                 ,
I, James L>. Westcott, Secretary of the State of New Jersey,
do hereby certify that, upon a careful examination of all the
returns made by the several clerks of the respective counties
in said State, and filed in my oft) e, and also of returns of votes
given in the townships of South Amboy, in the county of Mid-
dlesex and ofjjMiHvilie, injthe couniy.of Cumberland, verified by
the affidavits of the several township officers of election in said
townships respectively; which townsnips returns'were not in-
cluded in the returns of the clerks of said countiesof Middle-
sex and Cumberland, and which were directed to be filed by
the Governor, and now remain on file in my office, of the elec-
tion for members to represent this State 1,1 the House of Re-
presentatives of the Twenty-sixth Congress of the United
States, held on the ninth and tenth days of October, anno Domi-
ni one thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, it appta s that
Philemon Dickerson received 28453 votes, Manning Fo*c«
28,314 votes, Pb er D. Vroom 28,492 votes, Daniel B. Rt-
all 28.441 votes, William R. Cooper 28455 votes, Joseph
Kille 28,426 votes, John B. Aycriog 28.294 votes, John P. B.
Maxwell 28333 votes, William Halsted 28,337 votes, Jo-
seph F. Randolph 28,427 votes, Charles C. Stbatton 28396
votes, and Thomas Jones York 28,321 votes, and by which it
appears that, at said election, Philemok Bickbs*on, Peter
D. Vroom, Dan/el B. Rtall, William R- Cooper, J0 *™
Killk,and Joseph F. Randolph.received a majority oi toe
whole number of votes given in the State of Ne*¿e™°¿
for Representatives of said State in the House ot   Kepre-
•It is, indeed, the course indicated by Congress «« *e proper
one,in ihe famous Moore and etcher case, when ^gentle-
men voluntarily retired in the ««< «"•£  «£*'£F£3E£¡1
and this act of theirs was afterward  approved and cooOrmetj
by a vote gf theHgw,
