206
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
86th Cono.. .1st Sess.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Clifford.
Jan. 1840.
H. of Reps.
aentatires of the  Twenty-sixth   Congress   of   the   united
State .   In testimony whereof, &c.
[Signed]                               JAMES D.WESTCOTT.
Tlua to my mind is clearly a case of double return—a conflict
between two authentic public documents. Which ought to
have preference is not my province to decide. Each State has
its own mode ofconducting and publishing its elections. Some
axe content with the mere certificate of a sheriff, others adopt a
more foimat mode through the proclamation or commission of
a Governor,but ¡neither case there is nothing more than a
mere ministerial ffunction to be discharged. Whether a Go-
vernor or a sheriff, he is pro hac rice, only a conduct pipe, or
medium through which the people convey their wishes to the
individual elected, and the body to which he is accredited. If
the Governor's commission amounted to more than that, it
would leadto this absurdity, that one member of Congress
would have a higher title than another to this seat. It would,
also, lead u> this consequence, that a Governor, by placing the
commission under seal of the State in the hands of an indi-
vidual, would make his title beyond dispute, and would finally
place it in the hands of the. State Executives, to return what
members they pleased to Congress- - a high prerogative claimed
by the Kings of England, but indignantly rejected by the Com-
mons at an early period.
I hold, therefore, that the Governor's commission or procla-
mation, like a sheriffs certificate, is nothing more than the
prima facie evidence of an election, liable to be rebutted by
other evidence of equal authenticity, as in this case by the certi-
ficate of the Secretary of State with the seal of his office, in
which he certifies that "it appears that at said election, Phile-
mon Dickerson, Pbteu D. Veoom, Daniel B. Ryall, WtL-
LiAit R. Cooper. Joseph Kiule, and Joseph F. Randolph,
received a majority of the whole number of votes given in the
•aid State of New Jersey for Representatives of said State in
the House of Representatives of the Twenty-sixth Congress of
the United Slates."
Not feeling it my duty to determine between an authentic do-
cument, which declares that certain men are elected members
of Congress, and another document of equal credibility, which
declares that certain other men have the majority of votes, I
submit the case, with the evidence in my possession, to the con-
sideration of the House
I prepared a statement, also, of the Pennsylvania case, in the
following words:
STATE OF PENNSYLVANIA.
THIRD CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT, DOUBLE RETURNS.
I have in my possession a certificate signed by three "judges
of a general election, held at the several election districts, com-
posing the Third Congressional district, on Tuesday, the 9th
day of October, 1838," in which they "do certify that the follow-
ing persons had the number of votes affixed to their respective
names, to wiu
Charles Natlor had six thousand six hundred and sixty
nine votes           ......   6,669
Charles J. Inobrsoll had five thousand eight hundred and
ninety-feur voles           .....   5.894
Charles Naylor having a majority of the votes polled, is
elected a member of the twenty-sixth Congress," Stc.
Accompanying this certificate, is a proclamation of the Go-
vernor of Pennsylvania, put forth on the 1st December, 1838,
whereby it is published and declared "that Charles Naylor
has been returned as duly elected in his Cengressional Dis-
trict," &c
In addition to these documents, and in conflict with them, I
have a certificate signed by thtee other "judges of a general elec-
tion held at the several election disctricts, composing the
Third Congressional District of Pennsylvania, except the in-
corporated district of the Northern Liberties, which returns
were rejected, on Tuesday the ninth day of October, 1838," in
which they "do certify that the following persons had the num-
ber of votes affixed to their respective names, to wit:
Charles Naylor, three thousand three hundred and fifty-four
votes ..--.-- 3 354
Charles J. Ingeesoll, three thousand nine hundred and fifteen
votes .-...-- 3,915
Accompanying this certificate, which was forwarded to the
office of the House of Representatives on the 8ih November,
1839, is a note, according to the law of Pennsylvania, addressed
to the House of Representatives, by Fr. R. Shünk, esquire,
Secretary of the Commonwealth, in which tie states that,
from the returns of a general election held on Tuepday, the
9th of October .1838 .in the Third Congressional district, "it
appears that Charles J. Ingersoll was duly elected to repre-
sent the said district in the 26th Congress."
At a subsequent period, to wit: on the 28th November, 1839, i
a proclamation of the Governor of Pennyslvania was received,
which proclamation was put forth on the 25th of November,
1339, and declares "that Charles J. Incersoix, as aforesaid,
haa been returned as duly elected in the Third Congressional
district, on the 9th of October, 1838, asa Representative of the
people of this State in the Consress of the United States," &c.
Believing this to be a case of double returns, and that it is
not my province to determine between the contesting parties, I
submit it to the consideration of the House, which the Constitu-
tion has made the sole tribunal to judge of the election, returns
and qualifications of its members.
Respectfully,
HUGH ALFRED GARLAND,
Acting Clei k of the House of Reps. U. S.
[Here, at the call of some member, the Clerk read an ap.
pendix to his statement, citing authorities in support thereof.]
Mr. Clifford resumed, and said: It is no part
of my intention to comment upon the paper just
read, or in any manner to refer lo the authorities
appended to it, in suppoit of its positions.   The
document is before  the country, and my purpose
is answered.    It will speak for itself; breathing, as
it does, the same spirit of conscious rectitude and
manly independence which has characterized the
conduct of the Clerk throughout.   The argument
is convincing and unanswerable, and lhe authori-
ties fall and explicit.   It seems to ire that every
one not blinded by partisan feelirg, and whose
pride of opinion is not made inveterate by preju-
dice, must yield assent to its conclusions,   But,
whatever opinion* may be expressed or entertained
by the apol< gists of fraud, it is not go ng too far
to say, that the author of ihe statement will receive
from the candid of all part.es the commendation
due, and always accorded, to a faithful and un-
flinching discharge of duty, under circumstances
involving high and delicate responsibility. It is
true that public opinion, under the guidance of
falsehood and misrepresentation, is some'imes se-
vere, but the ultimate judgment of the people will
do ample justice to every public servant, however
elevated or humb'e his station may be.
It is not denied, and, if it were, immemoria
usage has sanctioned the practice, as every
one may know by examining the records of
this House, that it was the duty of the Clerk
to prepare a roll of the members, and to
preside, in a qualified sense, during the first
stages of organization, for it cannot be forgot-
ten that he commenced the call of the States by ge-
nera! consent. But how should the roll Le consti-
tuted? Of every one that makes claim to a seat?
In double return*, the principle is inadmissible,
and would work an outrage upon the Constitution
itself, by increasing beyond limit the number of
which the House is composed. In cases of con-
troversy, shall the Clerk decide? This would be
an assump ii n ef power contravening ihe plainest
principles of the Federal compact, and dangerous
to the rights of the people of the several States,
who have conferred no such power. What should
be done? Why, to my mind, il is srlf evident that
the roll should be made up of the undspated name 
of the Representatives elect, and ihat contested
cases should be referred to the House for decision.
The ingenuity of man cannot devise any other
course, in consonance with the spirit of the Consti-
tution, without putting in peril the right of the peo-
ple to choose their own Representatives.
But, sir, let me hasien to a more important in-
quiry touching the power of this House to ascer-
tain its own members, before the election of "their
Speaker, and other officers." It has been denied;
and the best way to obvíale the grounds of the de-
nial, will be to know that it exists. During the three
first weeks of the session, the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Wise] participated largely in
the dscussion, with a determination and per-
severance which deserve a bptter cause, though I
infer, from recent events, that his friends have
more confidence in his abiity to execute than to
plan a campaign. The sub tarce of his positions,
as they have impressed themselves on my mind,
may be stated in a few words, without attempting
to give his language. He maintained that the re-
turn or commission of the Governor was prima
facte evidence, for the person holding it, to a seat;
but that the House, in its then chrysalis state, as he
called if, had no power to judge of the elections, re-
turns, and qualifications of its members'. Fully
concurring that the return is presumptive evidence
of right, I will attempt to prove that the House had
the power coeval and coextensive with the assem-
bling of the members, on the first Monday of De-
cember last, to judge of the constitutional element
of which it should be compo;ed. From necessity,
saying nothing about expediency, which ought to
have very little weight in determining a question
touching the existence of constitutional grant, it
must ex'st somewhere, elso prima facie evidence,
that is, on its face, or, in parl.amentary language,
atjir&t bluik, may constitute member h;p, by con-
lerriBg a conclusive right in the fiist instance, even
in cases of palpable fraud or gross corruption.
But where does the Constitution place it? Arti-
cle first, secion second, provides that " Each House
shall be the judge of the elections, returns, and
qualincations of its own members." Surely ibis
ptovision has no qualifying phrase, but is as ex-
plicit as language can make it; and, in the absence
of any restraining clause, it is a very sensible mle
that the constructionist is compelled to believe that
the Legislature intended what it has said. The ex-
pediency or inexpediency of law, much less of the
Constitution, is not open to any right of construc-
tion; and if it were, it cannot avail for any purpose
to ihose who sus'a n the claims of fraud against
the rights of the people. The reason and justice
of the thing are against them.
It is said, however, that the word "House"
means an organized body of members, acting un-
der the sanction of an oath; and this is called a
limitation; and in one aspect it is, while in others
it is a most latitudinous cocstruction. It works a
limitation of the power as to ihe time of its exer-
cise, but at the same time is made to absorb the
functions of another grant, which no one will deny
is made by the use of the same word to which, if
the same qualification be applied, the grant be-
comes nugatory, and nei'her power can be exer-
cised. Thus: ''The House of Representatives shall"
choose their Speaker and other officers." The
election of a Speaker is the important ingredient
of organization; but if the word "House" means
an organized body of members, lien organization
must precede the election of Speaker; and if so,
the provision is feto de se, foi no organization can
ever take plate; and without it, gentlemen say
there can be no tribunal authorized to canvass the
elections, returns and qualificaiio .3           mbers.
If so, the Government is at an end, and we are, in
sober iruth, ia the mids'. of revolution. But, sir,
the judicial tribunals never attempt to limit or ex-
tend the natural import of words, which are inde-
pendent of any qualifying phras?, except to pre-
vent fraud, or to protect individual right?. In
such cases, as a dernier resort, a fe« ling,of charity,
if I may give it that name, induces the belief that
the Legislature intended to advance the princi-
ples of natural justice. But it is scarcely charita-
ble to believe that the framers of the Fedeial com-
pact intended that any person, other than a Repre-
sentative chosen by the 1 eople, should bep rmitied
to participate in the deliberations of ihe popular
branch of the Government, and especially not, as
it is provided that the House of Repressntatives
shall be chosen every second year by the people of
the several Stages; and it is even less so, if possi-
ble, that they ever intended thai the detail of that
compact should be so contradictory and impracti-
cable, that it would be impossible to carry one part
into effect without nullifying another. The Con-
stitution was formed by henest and consistent
men, and its provisions, in my estimati-n, are
consistent ¡n themselves, and reconcilable with
each other. Let this be explained, if it can be,
consistently with ihe position assumed. It is not
wi hin iha scope of my humble ability, nor do I
believe that the people of the country will ever
admit it; and let those who maintain it look well
to the ground upon which they stand, "lest they
fall. 
But, if ihe right of asee; taining iis owa members
U not expressly gianted to this House before the
e!ection of Speaker, it is clearly and necessarily to
be implied from the power of organization, which
it is admitted is expressly conferred in ihe latter
clause of article first, section second, before citel,
that the Hou*e of Representatives shall choose
their Speaker and other officeis, which is the only
organization contemplated or known in this branch
of Congress. The right to elect Speaker is cleaily
an express grant. But how is Ihe power contended
for to be enforced? To this I answer emphatical-
ly, that it is properly an incident to the right of
formation, and necessary to its execution, to pre-
vent the minions of patty from trampling under
foot the most important element of a Republ.csn
Government—the fovere;gntv of the people. My
lansuage, sir, will inform you of ihe sourcs from
which my piinciplesof construction are drawn. It
is marvellous that any appeal should te maJe to
the doctrine of State Hights, in the sense in which
I have been taught to respect it, as a defence of
one of the grossest attempts 'in ihe annals of the
nation to prostrate the vital principle upon wh ch
the doctrine, js '--ed. State Rights! Let me re-
fer to one of its founders: "Whenever, therefore,
a question arises concerning the constitutionality
of a power, the firtt question is, whether tbe power
be expressed in the Constitution. If it be, the
question is decided. If it be not expressed, the
next inquiry must be, whether it is properly an in-
cident to an express power, and necessary to its
execution. If it be, it may be exercised by Con-
gress. If it be not, Congress cannot exercise it."
—Virginia ReselvUions, 1799,1800.
The application is so apparent, that no comment
