Jan. 1840.
APPÉNDÍX TO TIÍE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sor
26th Cong««««1st Sess.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Clifford.
H. of Reps.
cm give sirenth to it. These ruks, in my estima-
tion, may be safe'y applied to evpry part of the
Constitution, without, in any instance, hazarding
ihe intention of the framers; and if they weie more
studied, more carefully adhered to, and le^s talked
about, there would be greater safely to the country
against any ínfractioa of the fundamental law.
Such are, very briefly, my views as to fie true
rendering of the Constitution; but I will take the li-
berty to remark, before leaving this branch of the
inquiry, that the whole subject of construction is
very elaborately considered in the resolutions to
wh.ch I have adverted, 8s a sound exposition of
the implied powers of Congress.
The doc'rme'of casus omissus, in regard to ihe ele-
ment of which *he popular branch of this Govern-
ment is computed, or ihe right and power cf per-
fecting that element ihto the lorn, of a constitution-
al House of Representatives, cannot be admitted, it
is too deadlv in its consequences to receive favor,
even 17." Irftoment. The framers of the Constitution
could not have overlooked so importent a mat er,
for it will'be remem^ced that the foundation prin-
ciple in tKe formation of this body, under the Con-
stitution, Í9 the r ght of the people to choose their
own representatives. It is an important right, and
one that gave birth to the Revolutionary Sv-enes of
onr couniiy, of which New Jersey may boast her
fall share, and to which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Sergeant] adveited with so much
fervor and eloquence. It is one for which the
patriots of that day contended with earnest solici-
tude, and when entreaty proved fruitless, and all
peacelul efforts to secure it had failed, they did
not hesitate, in the defence of it, to p'edge iheir
lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor; and
now, when it is amply secured, it should not be
hazarded by construction, or defeated by fraud.
The struggle to which the honorable gentleman
alluded was not for " seals" or " stamps," nor
even for the forms of law. The people of that
day had enough oí these ensigns of monarchy; the
allusion is a perversion of history; they fought for
liberty, and the right of representaiion.
Even in the British House of Commons, where
this principle is less understood, and, consequently,
less highly valued, from inmemorial usage, meases
of double returns, boih claimants are requited to
retire and jefused the right to participate in the
doings of that body,until their respective claims have
been in res ¡gated, and decided by the undisputed
members.
The right to decide implies a time to examine
and consider. The necess ty of dec sion upon a
controverted right to represent, precludes the exer-
c se of the right, if it may be called such, pending
Ihe neccsary invest gafon, and While its exis-
tence is undetermined, unless it be better that the
people shall be misrepresented in the councils of
the nation, ihrough the medium of fraudulent re-
turns, than net represented at all. The foregn
ambassador cannot be accredited, while his official
character is in dispute. A decision cannot be ex-
pected upon any just principles, without a full in-
vest gation; controveited facts must be proved;
time must be allowed to procure evidence, and to
consider it, afier it is produced; and whatever de-
lay may be necessary teethe prerf quisi es of a final
determination may be fully ju«ti6ed by the autho-
rity which is expressly conferred to "judee." 1/
the House may judge, it must first h ar. The par-
liamentary n«age which excludes the exercise of
delegated powtr, while it is uncertain whether it has
been conferred, is bat the dictate of common sense,
which pervades the general transactions of life. In
matteis of buánes?, commercial men do not have
transaction* with an agent, while his agency is m
dispute. No, sir, that enterpriá&g End va'uable
class of our ci izens ar<  too provident in their deal-
ings to entertain for a moment a principle so much
at variance wiih common prodence, and s  ha-
zardous in its consequences.
If theie was any gronod to be ¡eve that the de-
sire to be consistent could have any influence over
the prejudice of party feeling, I would endeavor to
convince honorable gentlemen of the minorty that
they are committed to the principles which I main-
tain, in reference to the subject under considera-
tion, unless it be said that Kentucky is not now
"in the line of safe precedents." But, howevtr
that may be, I propose to strengthen my position,
that the power to judge of the returns is coexten-
sive with the assembling of the members, by ad-
ducing a few authorities from the journals and
decisions of the House, from which it will also
appear that, as a party, they cannot escape the
charge of inconsistency, though the fact may be
ever so unavailing:
"On the fi rst day of ihe meeting of tf • Twenty third Congress,
the House was, agreeably to usage, called to order by its acting
Clerk, M St. Clair Clarke, who procread te call the roll of the
members by States, beginning with the Stale of Maine. Hav-
ing proceeded as far as the State of Kentucky, before its mem-
beis were ea led, Mr Allan of that State rose and asked per-
mission to addiess the House He observed, among oiher
things, that the State of Kentucky had been declared entitled
tothirteen Representatives, but that, in casting his ejes aro'ind
the Hall, he recognised lourteen gentlemen ostensibly claiming
to be Representatives and members of the House. From ihe
circinvtancesofthe case it was cbvous that the question ol
their nsht to a seat must be decided in the present stage of the
proceedings. The question arising from these conflicting
claims was one deeply interesting, not only to their own imme-
diate districts, but to the Slate at laree; so much, so that the
delegates from the State had met together, and deemed it their
duty to take the novel case under their most serious conside-
ration."
The Federal delegation in that Congress, from
the State of Kentucky, included in its number some
of the ablest lawyers in the country, and were very
competent to decide, after "a most ser ous conside-
ration," at what stage of the proceedings it was ob-
vious that the question of right should be deter-
mined. It has been well said that principles never
charge. What was obvious then, is equally obvi-
ous now, though a certain class of politicians may
not be able to perceive it with equal e'earness.
The whole argument resolves itstlt into a mere
question of expediencv, or ratter of inconvenience.
Usage has been much relied upon as condemning
the course of the majo'ity. It may safely be ad-
mitted that the argument of inconvenience, as to
the time of exercising the acknowledged power of
the Hou e over the election and returns of its mem-
bers in ordinary ca^es of contested election, before
organization, presses iise'f wiih much force. It
may or may not be exercised as the magnitude of
the qnestitn, and the circumstances out of which it
has grown may seem to justify. The canvass
must be had, but the members under the limit of a
sound discretion, may determine at what period of
the sejsion it is expedient lo enter upon its exami-
nation. Usually it is not expedient to do so in the
incipient stages of organization. Hence the usage
to which reference has been made. Ths case fiom
New Jersey stands alone in ihe history of the
country. It has no parallel. No one has under-
taken tc deny the expediency of investigation if we
have the power.
In furiher prosecuting this inquiry, let me again
refer to the case of Letcher and Moore, where the
power contended for was di«-t'nct'y maintained
and admitted by the most talented men of both of
the great political parties of ihe country, and
solemnly affirmed by the Hou*e.
Mr. Allan, in the conclusion of his remarks, said
that:
"In order to enable the House to decide the controversy be
tweenihese claimants, he would ask the Clerk whether he had
in his possession any certificates or other vouchers m relation
to the election in the district from which both these gentlemen
came, and ll he had, he would call for the reading."
The papers were read, mclud ng Ihe ''poll tools,
duly certified."
No one can deny that the facts of the two cases
are precisely similar, as well as the course of pro-
ceeding. The authority of this case, in the aspect
in which it is now presented, has not been assailed,
bat has been passed by in silence. It is impossible
to escape it on the score of acquiescence, for up to
this time the partieshad made no arrangement, as
will be readily perceived by the published debates
to which I refer, a& well as to what succeeded.
Mr. Wayne, of Georgia, an Administration
member, said that—
The person claming (o be substituted for the individual upon
the roll, ought to produce his credentials, and say whether
those Were the papera on which he intended to found his claim
toa seat. If that were doue, he would be ready to pats up-
on them.
Mr. Allan, a Whig member, in his s?cond
speech, said that—
He understood himself to possess the right of rising, and pre-
senting the question in this case to the House. This was a Hou< e,
under the view of the Consinution it was competent to peiform
any act pertaining to the House of Representatives, and its
first duty wu to ascertain who wer« its own members. This
was a representative Government, and the first question which
demanded attention was, whether individuals claiming to be
their representatives, were actually their representatives.
Mr  Burges  said—
The House ought to go behind that paper (the relurns) to the
poll books, to ascertain whether the electors did vote or not,
and then leave the question of their right to vote, &c. to the elec-
tion committee He repeated, that in their decision the House
were hound to approximate as closely as possible to the people,
in order to the better understanding of the public will.
Mr. Archer, among other things, said, in the
second stage of the proceedings—
He could not avoid expressing his unfeigned surprise at the
observations that had fallen fiom several gentlemen who had
addressed the House on both tides rf the question. • • • *
He contended, as we understood htm, that the House ought at
once to decide without relerring it bra., to a committee, and that
the course pursued by several honorable gentlemen who pre-
ceded him, went to abrogate the most important rights and pri-
vileges of that assembly. What did jthe Constitution say?
Why, that the House was to be the sole "j udge of the elections,
returns and qualifications of its members " It would bedeio-
gatory to that legislative body to say aught against this doc-
trine * * * . There was another view of the question,
and one of great impoit, which should be considered, and that
was, suppose a return was made, perfect in all its form , and
at the moment of presenting it, a gentleman were to use and
offer to prove, at the bar of the House, that the return was an
imposition, would any honorable member tell him that the
Housewas precluded from entertaining such an allegation? If
a mere return were deemed a sufficient qualification, then any
one pioducing a required form became at once a member of
that House.
Mr. Jones of Georgia said:
Mr Letcher [the Federal claimant] had produced his certifi
cate, (the poll books,) in which it was certified that the majonty
of qualified voters, in thewliole five counties, had given their
votes in his favor. It had been argued, and correctly argued,
that he who had such a majority was the member entitled to a
seat.
Mr. Beafdsley said:
"He conceived that gentleman were mistaken in supposing
that it had been argued that the House had not the power of
looking back to facts and circumstances connected with the
certificate which had been offered by Mr. Moore at the table.
The argument that he had heard, was that the usual mode of
procee ling was not to go behind a certificate on a question as to
lis validity.
Tins disclaimer was made necessary by the evi-
dent mistake of the gentleman from Virginia who
had preceded him, and is very strongly corrobora-
tive of the ground assumed that in the discussion
of that case, both parties denied any limitation as
to the powyr of the Hou«e to canvass the returns,
and ascertain its own members.
At the close of the debate, the following resolu-
tions presented by Mr. Hardin, a Whig member,
were adopted with great unanimity, upon which no
comment is necessary:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections, when appointed,
inquire and report to this House, who is the member elected
from the Fifth Congressional District of the State of Kentucky,
and until the co-nmittee report, as herein required,
Resoleed, That neither Thomas P. Moors nor Robert
F Leteher shall be qualified as the member from said dis-
trict.
Upon these remarks and authorities I will rest
this part of the argument, assuming hereafter the
power of the House to decide any mat'er necessary
to Le decided in order to form a constitutional
House of Reprejentatives, before that election is
effected; and I do it the more cheerfully, without
further consideration, as many who denied it un-
der the counsel of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Wise,] have virtually acknowledged their
eiror, by abandoning their position.
It has new become important to consider the
"black letter" pos t on of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Bell,] that the commission of the
Governor, as he calls it, is conclusive evidence to
the person holding it to a seat m this House for all
purposes of organization. That gentleman did not
take part in the early discussion of ih s question,
for r«a<ODS, no doubt, that were satisfactory to him-
self, and of which it does not become me to en-
quire, except for the purpose of making the
change in the ground assumed in the de-
bate. Before, it was said, and justly, I contend,
in reference to the return or commission, that it
was prima facie evidence of a light of membership.
But, sir, this new doctrine gives it all the validity
of an Executive commission, empowering the in-
dividual who holds it to take the seat, and to per-
firm the high functions of a Representative of the
people, by virtue of the paper title of the Go-
vernor. It is said the franchise is as effectually
secured by the return, as the t tte  <> rea> P«>P«tjr
is by deed. No one can complain that the position
is not sufficiently broad to cover the case. The
analogy, hotever, i« not just j but if it were, the
merefprmaJUiw of a deed aw often a very fr«l
