Jan. 1840.
26th Cong.......Ibt Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
209
New Jersey Question—Mr. Clifford.
II. of Reps.
in the contingency named, he was bound to pro-
cure, at the expense of the State?   Are they par-
tial   ists?    Certainly not.   Are they  fraudulent
lists?   No one dare assert it.   What kind of lists?
The answer is plain; full lists of the wtes of the
xekolt StaU, for the law requires the ultimate  re-
turn to be based upon the majority of the vo'es
of the whole State, and, regularly, it should certify
that fact; and should not stop short, as in this casr,
with the unsatisfactory allegation that: " It ap-
pearing to the Governor that you have been elected
by the people," &c. but should follow the law oí
the State, by averring that the person holding it has
been elected by a majority of  the votes of the
whole State; and surely this   House  cannot   be
bound by a paper, which, in itself, is incomplete.
Further, the townships of New Jersey, like the
townships of New England, are created by a pub-
lic law; and it has been well said, that the humblest
citizen must, at his peril, take no'ice of the law,
and that ignorance, in this respect, works no ex-
cuse.   But this Governor cannot escape with this
fl msy excuse, miserable, indeed, as it is: for the
authenticated copies of the certified lists, which
had b«en suppressed by the subordinate officers,
were placed in his possession, before the meeting of
the Privy Council, and   he   himself, submitted
them to their consideration, and yet refused to in-
clude them in the ultimate return.   It is, there-
fore, clear, that what he, in his efncial capacity,
certified to be true, as a man he knew to be false.
There might have been some semblance of justice
in the course of the Governor, if the returns had
been special, setting forth the facts in dispute, and
leaving the whole subject to the determination of
this House; but even this trifling concession from
what he himself seems to have regarded as strict
law, was stubbornly refused, or carefully neglected.
It has now become necessary  to understand the
true meaning of the statute which provides for an
express at the expense of the State, when the certi-
fied lists have not been received.   The fundamen-
tal rale of construction is the intention of the Le-
gislature; and if the judicial tribunals, upon which
the duty of construction more generally devolve?,
are bound to give effect to the intention of legisla-
tive enactments, without any discretion to disre-
gard it, no good reason can  be assigned why (he
Governor of a State, in the discharge of a ministe-
rial duty, should not be held responsible to the
same wholesome rule.   The intention of the Le-
gislature may be usually gathered with unerring
certainty, if the language is not contradictory, by
considering the mischief which existed to which
the remedy was applied, and the nature and charac-
ter of the remedy itself.   What was the mischief?
Undoubtedly the failure of returns, through the er-
rors or frauds of the subordinate returning officers.
Fallacy cannot defeat this inference, nor argument
give weight to it.   The law which has been cited is
the remedy, making it the duty of the Governor,
in cases of omission or fraud, to procure ihem by
express, at the expense of the State.    It is, there-
fore, clear to my mind, that the Legislature never
contemplated the narrow construction set up, the
effect of which is to defeat the object in view, but
that the remedy was intended to be as broad as I
the mischief which existed, and to cover the case
of every failure of returns; thus securing, without
possibility of mistake, the votes of the whole State.
To this object all the election laws of the State
point, in order to ascertain the constituí onal basis
of election—the majority of the votes of the whole
State—by which to determine the six persons who
have the gieatest number of votes.   These are
remedial laws, intended to furnish security to the
right of suffrage and of representation, against the
peril of ignorance and the corruption of party; and,
as such, should receive the most liberal construc-
tion.   They do not affect lire or personal liberty,
as in the criminal code, where the letter, and not
the spirit of the law should govern in favor cf the
accused, but are designed to increase the safe-
guards, heretofore found insufficient, around the
first principle of republican freedom—the right of
the people to constitute their own representation.
Jt is impossible, in my humble opinion, for the
State authorities of New Jersey to escape from the
responsibility which they have voluntarily assumed.
14
No one can be less inc'ined to do them any injustice
than my.-elf; but let ihem stand upon the ground
they have selected, and not attempt to make any
new issue. It comes too late. If gentlemen will
reflect but for a moment, they will perceive that,
if Governor Pennington really believed himself so
blinded by his station and the forms of law, that
he conid not take notice of the fact, which, as an
individual he knew, and whch I contend he was
under every obligation to regard, that the votes of
two townships had been suppressed in the returns
of the c'erk*, in consistency with his principle, he
could not know what still rests on rumor, that alien
votes had been received at the polls; for if an indi-
vidual attempts to excuse himself for the non-per-
formance of duly, on the ground of error of judg-
ment, and expects to be credited for sincerity, and
to escape imputation of bad faith, he must be con-
sistent in his error. In this behalf, if I am not
greatly mistaken, the Governor of New Jersey,
in the shiftings and windings of this debate, has
had much occasion to exclaim, "save me from my
friends."
Another ground of argument much relied upon
in the early stages of the discussion deserves tobe
considered, for it is exceedingly plausible, and well
calculated to make a wrong impression. It is sub-
stantially that the claimants ho'ding the ultimate
return are members to some extent, without refer-
ence to the iactof election; because, by virtue of the
retain they are, of right, exempted from arrest,
and, under the limitations of law, may exercise the
franding previlege; and it is, therefore, insisted
that they ought to have seats in this House during
the organization, and, until investigation by the
election commttee, and final decision upon the me-
rit?. It is due to candor to admit thai, for the mo-
ment, the argument made an impression; but,
upon reflection, it occurred to me that it proved too
much; for it is clear, in my judgment, that in cases
of double returns, fiom necessity, each claimant
must enjoy the right of appearing at the bar of the
House, to prosecute his claim to a seat; and that
the judicial tribunal cannot take co?nrzanee of the
dispute, or in any manner determine which his, or
which is not, en'itled to the exemptioi. It would
be subversive of the power of both branches of
Consrress to " jadge" of the matter in question, and
might endanger the existence of Congress itself, by
detaining the members of which it should be com-
posed. After arrest, and application for discharge,
if made dependent upon ihe actual right to a seat,
and pending the investigation of the evidence of that
right, the constituency would be unrepresented,
saying nothing about the conflict of jurisdiction
which must inevitably ensue. The doctrine is
inadmissible. It is the right of the constituency,
as well as the convenience of the member, which
are the basis of the privilege of exemption from
arrest. Bat, said Mr. C. as this whole subject was
very fully discussed at the first session of the Fif-
teenth Congress, in the very able report of John
W.Taylor, la'e Speaker of ihe House of Repre-
sentatives, in the celebrated case of Herrick and
Hammond, and settled by the House, I prefer to
refer to the report, recommendng it to the especial
consideration of the gentleman frcm New York,
[Mr. Barnard ] for whose more immediate benefit
it is cited.
"Our role, in this particular, (the appointment of commit-
tees,) is different from the House of Commons. It is also better,
for it makes our theory conform to what is fact in both coun-
tries—that the act of becoming in reality a member of the
House, depends wholly on the will of the person elected and re-
turned. Election does not, of itself, constitute membership, al-
though the period may hare arrived at which the Congressional
term commences. * * * * Neither does a return necessa.
rijy confer membership; for if he in whose favor it be made
should be prevented from taking a seat at the organization of
the House of Representatives, he might find, upon presenting
himself to qualify, that his return had been superceded by the
admission of another person into the seat for which he was re-
turned. " * * * Several other cases might be cited, where
persons were returned who never, in fact, became member*;
pauniaj lou 9j m oiim aiaquiom asnTOsq sjaqio oiau,  rua
Neither do election and return create membership. These act
are nothing more than the designation of the individual who,
when called upon in the manner prescribed by law, shall be
authorized to claim title to a seat. * * " * Yetitwull
be easy to state cases where he would not be permittsil, fir a
moment, to occupy a seat, notwithstanding the regularity of
his election and return. * ' ' ' Each House of Repre-
sentatives u a distinct legislative body, having no connection
wi'h any preceding one. It commences its existence unr< a rain-
edby any rules or regulations for the conducting of businew,
which were established by former Bouses, and which were J J
binding upon ihem.   It prescribes its own course of proceed-
ings, elects i s own officers, and designates its own duties."
'The privilege of exemption from arrest, granted by the Con-
stitution to Representatives before a meeting of the House, and
after its adjournment, furnishes no argument in favor of their
membership at such times. Exemption from arrest Is a pri-
vilege as old as the Parliament of England. There it is extend-
ed, not only to members, but to their servants, horses, and car-
riages. Our Constitution adopts the very words of the common
l.iw, but resiricts the privilege to members. In both countries
the object is the same, not the benefit of the member, but of the
public service. It is an esential incident to the right of being
represented, and a consequence of that right. But ihatmem-
bership is not coextensive with the enjoyment of that privi-
lege, is manifest from the consideration that such a construction
might make the members of one Congress continue in office, not
only alter the Congress has expired, but also after the
next Congress was actually in sersion. This consruc-
tion, therelore, is not only absurd, but it serves to illustrate
the fallacy of that suggestion which fancies the Representatives
of one Congress succeeding to the seats of their predecessers as
members of the same corporate body.
"The privileges of franking letters, and of exemption from
militia duiy, are not granted by the Constitution They are
established by law, and liable to be changed at the will of the
Government. They have been extended, and my be restricted
as public convenience shall require. Previous to the last Cor -
gress the privilege o( franking was not enjoyed until after the
commencement of each session. But as that does notpiove
negatively that persons elected to the House of Represeniaves
were not members before that time; so the existing law does not
prove affirmatively that they are. It is true thatthe words
'members of the House of Representatives' are used as de-
scriptive of the persons to whom the privilege isgranted, but if
certainly was used without intending thereby to exprese an opi-
nion, much less to decide, when membership commences and
probably without in anywise adverting to that inquiry. The
late war had created claims in every part of the country, which
it was found convenient to send by mail to those who were
elected to Congress in the several districts prtvious to their
leaving home. The law was passed wijh a views to the con-
venience of these public claimants, as welt as t  that of the Re-
presentatives electea*. We have seen that ih England, this pri-
vilege is enjoyed before the commeneeinentof membership, and
probably for a reason similar to that Above- mentioned.
It is impossible to follow the debite on the of er
side into all its wind ng-, for if there is any one
characteristic which prevails thoughout it is the
constantly varying and uncertain character of the
positions which have been assumed, so much so
that I despair of being able to da more than to
what isdirection ycu please, if it prevails, the right
to represent emanates from the Executive, and not
irom the people.
The other branch of Congress is somewhat dir-
recdved, as conferring a conclusive r ghl, during
the organization of the House. It seems to me
that any man capable of distinguishing between
a "hawk and a handsaw," must perceive, at
sight, that the provision cited has no reference,
un^er any circumstances, to the proceedings
of either branch of Congiess, but applies
solely to the public and judicial intercourse be-
tween the several Sta'es. I do not deem this point
worthy cf a more serious reply. It must have been
made inadvertently, and withont any considera-
tion. All these varitos posi'ipns, when sttipped
of their veibage, and carried to their results, will
be found to resolve themselves into one general
principle as uncongenial to thegerñus of Republi-
can institutions as monarchy itself. It is Federal-
ism—it is vested right—it is estoppel. Give it
would abrogate the most important powers of this
Howe, and, in effect, repeal the Constitution itself.
No one has denied the official character of the
Governor, or questioned the auihentjcity of the seal
of State; therefore, no one has contemned the pub-
lic authority of New Jersey. The people of New
Jersey will net be influenced by such flimsy appeals
to local prejudice. They have too much cb>cern-
ment to be thus easily deceived. Driven from th:s
position by its own inherent weakness, without
scarcely waiting for a reply, the advocates of these
pretenders undertake to entrench themselves be-
hind that clause of the Constitution which provides
that "full faith end credit shall be given in each
State to the public acts, records, and judicial pro-
ceedings of every ether Stat?;" and it is, therelore,
insisted that the return of the Governor must be
authority of a sovereign State, I must be peimitted
to say that I scorn mere declamation, "sound and
fury," meaning nothing. The Governor, in makirg
the return of an election, performs only a minis-
terial act, and not an Executive function. In tke
exercise of that duty, he is an officer of the law,
and not of the Constitution; for, in many of the
States, as in England, the return is made by the
sheriff, and, in some instances', by his deputy, i fie
seal of State proves tUat Wilham Pennington
is Governor of the State of New Jersey; no
more and no less.    It &*s reference solely to
