Mar. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2lt
26th Cong......1st Sbss.
State Debts—Mr. Webster.
Senate.
comes back here in a manufactured shape, or goes
elsewhere, is no mailer to them, as mere raisers
and sellers of the article. If any portion of it
comes back here, &<¡ doubtless it does, it is a por-
tion which has been purchased in the general
market of Europe, manufactured, and perhaps,
mixed, in the very process, with the cotton of other
countries, and reaches our shores as a foreign arti-
cle f©r ssle. Foreign labor and skill have become
incorpoiated with it, and constitu e its chief value.
At our cns:om-house it is made subject to a duty,
which is supposed to rai-e its price; and, it seems
to me, if this be the efftct ot the duty, it is its
whole effect. It reaches no further. I do not see
how it acts back upon the original grower of the
ariisle in South Carolina. It no more affects the
cotton grower in South Carolina, except so far as
he i* a consumer,^ than it affects the cotton grower
in South America, India, or Ety'pt. The thread
of causes and effects in this case, if there be any
such ihread, becomes quite too fine and attenuated
to be felt or followed, from the higher price paid
by the consumer, in consequence of the du<y, back,
through all the intermediate stages, to the influ-
ence of that higher price upon the original cost of
the raw material. The same is true in regard to
all imported articles not produced from the ex-
ported cotton. How is it possible t  say thatdu-
ti-s oa such articles, iron, and woollen cloths, for
instance, are a burden or discouragement on the
raising of cotton?
But suppose I admit the South Carolina doctrine
—suppose I admit that duties on imported mer-
chandise really fall back, and become a charge on
the exports of the country; and suppose I admit,
what is true, that cotton grown in the Southern
Stat.'S constitutes a great portion of our exports—
it does by no means follow from all this that the
burden of these duties falls on the South, in pro-
portion to the exports which leave its ports. And
the reason is this : these exports are not altogether
the result of the skill, labor, or capital of the South.
Cotton, though it grows exclusively on Southern
fields, is not, in truth, a mere Southern product.
Much of the labor of the Middle and Northern
States has mingled with it before it becomes an ar-
ticle of export. It is a joinr production, to which
many parts of the country contribute. The grain-
growing States north of ihe Ohio he'p to rai.se and
to export cotton, by furnishing provisions to those
who cultivate and galher it. Kentucky and Ten-
nessee do the same t ling, by the cattle, horses,
mules, and swine upon the foot, which they supply
for the use of the cctton plantations. New England
does the same by the clothisg, furniture, utensils,
and other manufactured aiticle*, which she sup-
plies for the like purpose. All these contribute to
thisexport of cotton. So that, if it were true that
duties at the custom-hou«e on imported goods are a
lax on exports, that tax would not fall exclusively
on the South.
The value of this export, again, in the foreign
market, is enhanced by the cost of transportation.
Freight has  become  incorporated  with   it,   and
makes part of its pnce.   At present prices, freisht
lo Europe is probably equal to one-eighth of the
cost of the article at New Orleans or Mobile.  This
freght is a Northern earning; and to this extent,
therefore, the navigating interest contributes to the
value of the exported article.   So that duties, if
they were a tax on exports, would not fall exclu-
sively on the South, but would affect the grain-
growing, the provision-raising, the stock-raising,
the hemp-raising, the manufacturing, and the navi-
gating intere ts.
But the more we trace this branch of the busi-
ness of the country, or any oth«r, through all its
processes and all its ramifications, the more clearly
we shall see, I think, that the old rule is the true
rule, and that duties on imponed goods are paid by
different parts of the country, exactly in proportion
to their censumption.
II. Another opinion of the honorable member
is, that increased productim brings about an ex-
pansion of the currency, and that every su h in-
crease makes a still further increase necessary.
His idea is, that if some goods are manufactured
at home, less will be imponed; if less goods be im-
ported, the amount of exports still keeping up, the
whole export being thus not paid for by the import,
specie must be brought in to settle the balance; that
this increase of specie gives new powers to the
banks to discount; that the banks, thereupon, make
large issues, till the mass of currency becomes re-
dundant and swollen; that this swollen currency
augments the price of productions, in our own ma-
nufactories, and makes it neces-ary to raise still
h'gher the prices of their products, and this creates
a demand for the imposition of new duties. Th's,
as I understand it, is the honorable member's
idea.
Now, it appears to me that there are several
things worthy of consideration in regard to this
supposed course and progress of things.
In the first place, it is far from being always true
—I doubt much whether it be generally true—that -
importations fall off in consequence of carrying on
some branches of manufacture at home. Our his-
tory certainly shows no such result, looking through
the whole ot it, for twenty years. If there be a
large export, the return, if not made in one article,
wi'l generally be made in some other. It will
usually happen in some way that, taking all
branches ot the trade of the country with all other
countries together, the imports, in a series of years,
will be about equal to the amount of exports, and
the earnings of freights. We have now a list of
free articles, of some of which the importations
have been not only large but extravagant; quite
large enough at any rate to absorb exports; and
quite too large, in my opinion, for the gocd of the
c untry.
The gentleman very properly admits that specie
cannot, for a great length of time, set towards our
country, fiom all others, to settle balana?s of trade,
and to make up the deficiency of imports in
relation to expoits. Specie does, indeed, come
to pay up an occasional balance in the trade
between a particular country and the rest of the
world, and it soon goes away again to supply a
deficiency in the place it came from, or some other
place. There are vibrations in trade, and gold
and silver correct these vibrations. But there
are other causes which sometimes operate with
more violence. Disorders in the currency, and
expected short crop, a political crisis, the fear of
war, a p«nic of any kind; any of these taings is
able to disturb the natural course of commercial
dealings, aad to arrest gold and silver, while
they are peaceably performing the common func-
tions of trade. Hence, if we see a very large im-
port of specie in any one year, it does not neces-
sarily follow that our imports have, to that ex-
tent, fallen short of our exports. This import of
specie may be owing to one or more of ihe extra-
neous causes above mentioned; and, in not allud-
ing to these causes, I cannot but think the gentleman
has overlooked a matter very important to be ob-
served. In our trade with some particular coun-
tries, too, the return is in spec e in a very gr«at
proportion. And, as this trade is very irregular,
the quantities ot specie received from it in different
year* are very unequal. Thus, in 1833, the whole im-
port of spec e into the country was 7,000,000; the
next year, 1834, it was seventeen millions. In 1836, it
was thirteen millions; in 1837, it fell to ten millions;
and in 1838 rose up sga-tn to seventeen millions,
«uch fluctuations find no corresponding alterna-
tions certainly in the general balance between ex-
ports and imports. The general truth is unde-
niahle, that the tendency of gold and silver, in the
ordinary operations of commerce, is to flow to that
country which has become a creditor country, by
the excels rf its exports over it* imports; but then
their general tendency is so often diverted or ar
íes'ed by the interference of other causes, that the
amount of importation or exportation of spee'e for
a given year, is not a criterion by which the ba-
lance of trade, or the amount of exports compared
with impor s for that year, can be decided.
A great portion of the specie imported into the
United States, comes from South America and
Cuba, by way of New Orleans, and other ports,
and is the return for provisions, and more largely
for manufactured articles, shipped to those coun-
tries. This fact is important, and deserves con-
sideration, in acting upon all subjects of this kind.
It i i undoubtedly true that the manufactures of
the country bring into it a large supply of specie
from South America and the West Indies.
The honorable gentleman, in maintaining his
proposition that protection leads to an expansion
of the currency, argues that the tariff of 1828
turned the balance of foreign trade in our favor;
that this brought in specie; that the like cause
turned ihe domestic trade in favor of the manufac-
turing Stae ; and that the expansion of circula-
tion, of which he exhibits tables, in those States, is
thus distinctly traced to the effect of protection, as
tending to bring gold and silver into the country.
But all this, I think, admits of doubt. Post hoc,
ergo propter hoe, is not received as good logic. It
strikes me, this import of silver, and therefore the
expansion, so far as it resulted from that import
i> quite as likely to be referible to the other causCg
which I have already mentioned. The specie, ¡t
is said, was collected in masses in the North, an .
there the currency was expanded. But was it no.
expanded, too, in the South? The gentleman's ta-
bles only show four or five Northern States; but
how was it, and how is it, in the cotton-growing
States) Has there been no expansion in Mississip-
pi and Alabama, or less expansion in those States
than in Massachusetts and Rhode Island? It will
be found, 1 think, that there was ib.2 least expan-
sion, just where it is said the specie was thus
brought in, by the course of trade.
The next stage in the gentleman's argument is,
that this supposed expansion of the currency would
increase the cost of producing manufactured arti-
cles at home. How increase this cost? -In no
way but by increasing the price of labor. Now I
do not Isarn from him any facts showing that labor
rose, greatly, in price, after the tariff of 1828. If it
kept up to what it had been, I incline to ihtnk that
was all. The object, and, I think, the effect, of
the tariff of of 1828 was not so much to raise prices
high, as it was to keep the market steady, to give
some check to the extravagant amount of foreign
importations, and some security that labor should
receive a reasonable reward. That is all that was
aske^. But the great abundance of capital abroad,
the low r«te of inteiest, and the great sacrifices
which were willingly made for'the purpose of
prostrating our establishments, called for some
security and protection, or we w«re not likely
to be able to maintain competition. And we
are always to remember, that when oar own
manufactures sha!l be prostrated by the extreme-
ly low prices of imported goods, then we shall
be immediately obliged to pay extremely high prices
for those same imported goods. The fact undoubt-
edly is, that under the process of protection, the com-
mon price of cost of goods has become less. No one
can deny that. Every body known that goods are
better and cheaper. A man's labor will buy more
for him than it would. This is the effect of com-
petition. If we take out of the market the pro-
ducts of our own labor, who does not see that
prices would rise enormously! Let this be tried
on any article. Take away, for instance, all Ame-
rican made hats and shoes; would not the article
be immediately doubled in price? Reasonable pro-
tection docs not so much raise the price of tabor,
although it should raise it in some degree, n it di-
verges i>s use?, and multiplies its employments. It
prevents any particular channel from being fil'ed
and choked op. One of the secre's of prosperity
is, that there shall be a considerable variety in the
pursuits and labors of men. I fear oar Southern
friends do not feel the full influence of this impor-
tant truth. For my parr, as a well-wisher to Ihe
South, 1 should be glad to know that there were
manufactures, such as were suited to their wants,
the value of their labor, and their general condi-
tion, in every county, fiom this place to the Gulf
of Mexico.
There is still another point of view in whleb I
wish to present the question to the consideration of
the honorable gentleman. Suppose the Southern
States to produce, every year, the same quantity or
colon. If more be manafaetnred at home, !e<s
will be etported. Now the fcon°rfb'e„m'm|)"
seems to me to reason as if the whole true object
or interest of the South wjjs to ^;B« cer-
tainly this cannot be so. The object and interest
ofthe cotton-growing States is to «U, not to «port.
