tu
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar. 1840.
36th Cong.... 1st Sess
Stale Debts—Mr. Fulton.
Senate,
credit of the States? It is admitted on all hands
that the States have sold their bonds to an amount
of between one and two hundred millions of dol-
lars, and that the bankers of Europe are new the
principal holders of these bonds: that these bonds
were purchased upon the faith and credit of the
States; and it is to be presumed that the pur-
chasers knew the full indebtedness of each of the
S ates, at the time those purchases were mide, and
what were their resources and means of payment1?
If this is the true state of the case, how, I would
ask, can the adoption of these resolutions affect
the credit of the States?
The credit of the States would be small, indeed,
if a mere statement of the amount of th?ir indebt-
edness was calculated to injure them.
The Senator from Missouri, in bringing forward
this subject, has shown his usual devotion to the
best interests of the States; to the preservation of
the independent action of the Fedeial and Siate
Governments; and to the prevention of false hopes
and expectations on the part of those who are igno-
rant of the peculiar construction of all the Govern-
ments of this confederated Republic. The special
committee, too, to whom the subject was referred,
through their distinguished chairman, the Senator
from Tennessee, have ably done their duty, and
have presented the subject in so clear a point of
light as cannot fail to carry conviction to the mind
of every reader who examines their report. In-
deed, sir, no higher compliment could be paid to
this repott than has fallen from Senators who are
opposed to mese resolutions. They have found the
first three propositions presented to be so ably and
clearly demonstrated, that they have been led to call
them self-evident truths, and to admit that it would be
the height of folly to attempt to oppose them. To
those who have attentively studied the structure of
our Government, this may be true-, but, I would
ask, how many are there, both at home and abroad,
who needed the light which ihis report has afforded,
in order to the formation of a correct opinion upon
the question? We owe, also, much to these reso-
lutions for the able discussion which they have led
to-, and we are greatly indebted to many Senators
here for the powerful and masterly efforts they
have made in their support, as also for the talented
exertions they have brought forth in opposition. It
is the flood of light which this discussion has shed
upon this subject, which I consider as invaluable to
the counry.
The first objection made is, that this proceeding
has exposed the indebtedness of the States to an
alarming amount.   This objection is founded on
a supposition of the ignorance of the purchasers
of the State bonds as to the extent of Sta'e indebt-
edness, which, it i< impossible to imagine, can have
existed.   Is it to be supposed that those who have
dealt in hundreds of millions of State stocks—that
those bankers, who may be said almost to com-
mand the wealth of the world, and whose opera-
t ons in slocks can hardly be calculated—have been
making   their purchases of American securities
without a thorough knowledge of the business?
Such a supposition is totally irreconcileable with
all our ideas of the thorough knowledge and per-
fect familiarity with all the mocetary affairs of the
world, which is possessed by the bankers and capi-
talists, who are alone able to loan upon interest.
Or are we to suppose, sir, that the foreign pur-
chasers have been tempting the States to sell their
bonds to an amount beyond what they considered
them as able to pa7, undr r the belief that the Fe-
deral Government would assume the payment, or
that they could force the United States  to assume
tb.3tn? No, sir: all the bonds which have been sold,
be it either one or two hundred  millions,   have
been purchased fairly from the States who issued
them.     Their separate wealth was relied upon
^!ely, both for the payment of the interest and
f rincipalj and no pledge, either of the public lands
or of the- national resources, was, or ought to have
been, calculated upon as the inducement to the
purchase    The purchasers, in every instance, bad
a full knowledge of the liabilities of each of the
Slates, and of her prospects of reimbursement frcm
the application of the funds realized from such
sales.     Would it not be in the highest degree
wroag for one of the States tí lb.  Union \o at-
tempt to deceive a puichaser who is about to buy
her bonds? The most public promulaation, >here-
for*, of the whole indebtedness of ail the States,
cannot, and ought not, to be objected to by the
best friends of the debtor States; and all that is said
in this report, on that point, has been known—fully
known—to alt the traders in State stocks, both in
Europe and America, for years past; and, no
doubt, with the utmost exactness, as each succes-
sive sale has been effected.
When the bonds of the State of Arkansas came
into the market, the purchasers not only irquired
to know the whole indebtness of the Sta'e, but they
requred also to be fully satisfied as 10 her wealth
and resources, and every thing calculated to in-
form them as to her ability to pay the who'e
amount ot her existing and contemplated liabili-
ties. And now sir, I ask, how are these bonds to
be discharged? Those of the State of Arkansas,
Louisiana, and a great many others, are employed
most profitab'y; they are used for banking capital;
and so far as the States themselves are interested,
they will relieve the people from State taxation,
and become a profitable stock, the dividend of
which will make them always eagerly sought after
by capitalists. Those which have been invested
in internal improvements, which are competed,
are also highly profitable; and the only unproduc-
tive portion are those which are vested in unfi-
nished works. And, sir, in relation to these, what
is the prospect which an anticipation of even
twenty years presents? Why, sir, the millions
which are yet to people the great val'ey of the Mis-
sissippi, even in that short time, and the rich pro-
ductions, which the exuberant soil of that region
must yield to the industry and labor of such a vast
population; and the facilities of transportation,
which the works for which these State debts have
been contracted must afford for sending their large
surpluses to market, cannot but make the stocks
created for the construction of all their important
works as valuable at least as those of the State
of New York now are. Some of the States may
have some difficulties to encounter before this
great result is fully realized, but that such a result
wilt be realised, notwithstanding the present sus-
pension of some of the*e important works, I cannot
permit myself to doubt.
It isa mistake to say that our declaration against
the as.umpiion will affect injuriously the sale of
bonds yet unsold. Is it not known to all the world
that the sale of State bonds has been for some time
suspended, and that none are now selling? Tke
foreign bankers have ample knowledge of the
amount of bonds already sold; and therefore it is the
inrther purchase has been stopped. Why have
the foreign bankers ceased to purchase? Is it not
because they have a perfect knowledge cf the
amount a'ready sold? It is now their business to
see that the debtor States are prepared to meet all
their indebtedness. The foreign creditors are cer-
tainly too much interested, to permit the credit of
the debtor States to be destroyed. Say the amount
is two hundred millions; and is it not palpable how
much it must be to the interest of the holders of the
stocks to keep them from depreciation? No, sir;
the scheme now is to force this Government to add
greatly to the value of these bonds, by involving
the United States as security. They know that the
depreciation of the bonds already sold cannot in-
jure the debtor States. Those States will not have
any more interest to pay upon their bonds, nor will
in any manner, increase their indebtedness. The
State of Arkansas has found no difficulty in paying
the interest upon her bonds with the utmo?t punctu-
ality, and nothing should produce a depreciation of
their value, but the necessities of the holders or the
scarcity of money resulting in forced sa'es. It is
true, sir, a depreciation will prevent the sale of new
bonds, unless at a sacrifice. But, if the deprecia-
tion of the value of the bond? of some of the States,
really proceeds from the fact that those States
have created debts that are considered very large,
is it not better for tbem to stop, than to run the
risk of involving the people in greater liabilities?
Some of the works of the States may be for a time
suspended; but with so muchenterprise,andsuchpro-
ducts as those States are annually sending to market,
the utmost prosperity will soon he restored, and the
ability of the S'a'es to finish, and the importance
and necessity of the works, will soon became such
as fully to justify, and lead to their completion,
and to the consummation of all the advantages
which these works weie designed to accomplish.
The friends of these resolutions have been un-
justly accused of having assailed the credit of the
States. The utmost indignation has been expressed
at an imaginary charge of bankruptcy against
some of the States. I know of no such charge as
that having been made; and if it were made, it
would be totally disregarded. It would be univer-
sally condemned as slanderous and unjust Why,
sir, most of ths Sates of this Union arc better able
to pay any amount of debt which they ma  choose
to contract, than are most of the Governments of
Europe, whose annual expenditures are nearly a
hundred fold greater, and whose national debts
have reached the most slattling amounts. Some of
the States may have anticipated their resources,
and may find even the interest of (heir State debt
somewhat onerous at present. This will, and must
be, but temporary. All their leading improve-
ments must, in time, becnm? v?luab'e By their
important works, the brightest prospects have been
revived in the older States, and the tide of prospe-
rity has been turned again towards them; and the
new States, advancing as they are with astonishing
rapidity, to wealth and greatness, and acquiring an
industrious population, which mu^t lead to still
more wonderful developments, we cannot now
calculate the value to them of their great works of
improvement.
But, sir, even if the charge of bankruptcy
had been made against the States, what effect, I
would ask, would such a charge have on their cre-
dit? It is known that the States are sovereign, and
that they can so tax their citizens as to enable them
to raise whatever amount of revenue they may re-
quire; and that, therefore, they will always be able
to meet the payment of the interest on their debts,
and to redeem the principal at the appointed time.
Such a charge could have no effect upon the credit
of the Slates. A similar charge has been often
made against the United States; and even at the
present session, the national bankruptcy has been,
apparently with some exultation, proclaimed to the
Senate and to the world; and it has been charged
as the consequence of Democratic misrule, and ex-
travagant expenditure. And yet, sir, what effect
hss this charge ever had upon the credit of the
nation? And have we any reason to fear the effects
it will hereafter have? No, sir, none! Our na-
tional resources are known to the world; and no
matter who may say the United States is bank-
rupt, and that she has not a dollar in her chest,
and no matter how widespread this charge may be-
come, still will the credit of this Republic remain
uninjured, and her debts be at all times regarded as
more than equivalent to gold and silver. Are we
not all American citizens, as well as citizens of our
respective States? Why, then, sir, all this sensi-
tiveness as to State credit, and by those, too, who
appsar so willing to proclaim that which might
destroy the credit of the nation?
It is said that these resolutions are uncalled for,
as we have no proposition before the Senate, either
for the assumption of State debts, or for the distri-
bution of the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, fer the payment of those debts. Now, sir,
what are the facts? From 1820, at which time the
States had created no debts of any amount worth
mentioning, to 1830, the States had contracted
debts to the amount of only twenty-five millions
of dollars; in five years thereafter, from 1830 to
1835, they had increased their debts to forty mil-
lions more; so that, in fifteen year , their debts
were increased to upwards of sixty-five millions,
principally for internal improvements and for
banks. The State of New York had finished her
great canal, and had opened a mine of wealth to
her citizens, of the most inexhaustible and richest
description, and the other States soon followed her
example. Now, sir, let us look at what took place
during the next three years, Irom 1835 to 1837,
when the rage, not only for improvement",
but for banks, also had spread all over the Union,
and when the country was deluded by an artificial
prosperity, produced by the wide-spread operation*
