£6th Cowg..«-1st Sess.
low testimony to be brought forward. Trne, it
was testimony not exactly formal, but such as en-
titled him, being a judge under the Constitution, to
decide the simple question who were entitled to the
returns. This was a question made under the
Constitution itself, and he contended that this
Heuse hid a right to decide that question, and
could have decided it the very first day, if they
had thought proper to do so.
Mr. P. here read the following clause from the
Constitution of the United State :
"Each House shall lie the j udge of the elections, returns, and
qualifications of its own members.'"
It will thus be seen (continued Mr. P.) that the
Constitution itself makes three  distinct subjects
upin which this House can  judge and  decide,
namely, the elections, returns, and qualifications of
its members.   I contend that these are, in their na-
ture, distinct question.   You may decide that a
member, returned by the majority of votes, is en-
titled to the returns, and yet you may decide that
he is totally unqualified under the Constitution.
Suppose, for instance, that a majority of voters
should return here a man under twenty-five years
of age, or an alien.   This goes to the qualifica-
tion of the member; and I contend that if he held
a majority of votes at the polls, he would be enti-
tled to be returned, but that he would not be quali-
fied to take his seat.    And this   illustrates the
whole matter, that the questions are in their whole
nature distinct and separate.   So it was, he  said,
a man may have a majority at the polls, and yet
may not be elected; and so the House might de-
cide that a man was a member, and yet that he
was not entitled to the returns.   They are all se-
parate questions.
Here, in the development and progress of this
case, we have seen one notorious fact admitted by
the papers, admitted by the gentleman from New
Jersry, when questioned upon this point; that is to
say, that the majority of the voters of New Jersey
gave their votes to other members than those to
whom the certificate of the Governor has been
given. The gentleman [Mr. Randolph] has ad-
mitted that there were a majority of votes on the
other side, but says they were not legal? Now
who has decided that they were not legal? Was it
the local authorities of New Jersey? The Governor,
the Clerk, or the judges of election? I lay down
this broad proposition, and I challenge gentlemen
to the argument; that there is no authority in any
State officer to judge and decide upon the legality
of votes after they have been deposited in the
ballot box, or received at the polls. You may
challenge a voter at the r oils, and if challenged
for good can e, his vote cannot be received. But
if j on go beyond this power, it wou'd inevitably
lead to confusion and fraud, and transfer the judi-
cial power of this House to the local officers of
Sutes.
Mr. P. proceeded. The proposition I maintained
is, that under the clause of the Constitution of the
United States, which I have read, we are created
sole and exclusive judges of the returns.   I use the
language of the Constitution, and I say that no
State authority can interpose to purge the polls
after the ballot has been deposited, cr after the
votes have been received, (viva voce, if you choose,)
unless it be to carry out the local policy of the
States as to qualifications.   There is anotherc'ause
of the Constitution, which shows that the voters
for this House are intended to be of the same class
of voters as those who are entitled to vote for
members of Legislature.   But upon the power to
judge of returns and elections, there can be no
concurrent jurisdiction connected with these ques-
tions,    on   the   part  of any   State   authority,
without a palpable violation of the Constitution.
Admit that, and what is the result?   And here I
will observe that, in reflecting upen this issue, I
have been forcibly struek with the wisdom and
philosophy of this noble instrument, (holding up
the Constitution of the United States.)   But sup-
pose the contrary doe'rine to be true; this House
would be at the mercy of conflicing jadgments in
the States, as one party or another might, from
lime to time, be in the ascendency.   It is in accord-
ance with the very genius of the Government that
this branch of it should be independent; and, in
trder to maintain its independence, it must be the
E f ft 1ftte COfrORfeSSIÓÑAt
New Jersey Question—Mr. Pickens.
exclusive judge of the returns.   You cannot get
over that plain and palpable provision of the Con-
stitution.    It is not pretended here that any local
authoriiy is given to the officers of New Jersey to
purse the polls after the votes have been deposited.
I did not understand  that question to have been
raised; but, I repeat, it is admitted that a majority
of the votes were on the other side.   That being so,
I contend that it is for us to say who are entitled
to the returns, and that that single question does
not involve other questions in regard to the election.
I am not disposed to treat with disrespect the
certifica e of the Governor.   This House has no
right to pass censure upon him.   He acted as a
State officer, and, if he did not probably act with
wisdom, still I do not doubt that he acted under a
contcientious belief that he was a mere ministerial
officer of the law.   That may be.   He may have
supposed that he was doing his duty.   He gave
the certificate upon the returns made by the clerks,
and announced that he could not look behind them.
He looked upon himself as the mere ministerial re-
gister, and supposed that his certificate was to be
viewed in that light, and in that light only.   But
other gentlemen may be entitled to returns, not-
withstanding his certificate.   And my proposition
is ¿this: that there is no authority in the State of
New Jersey to judge of the legality of votes; and
that, after the votes have been deposited, those
who received the majority are entitled to the   re-
turns-, and that we are made the sole and exclusive
judges of the legality.   I contend that there was
vast wisdom in this provision of the Constitution,
and that the framers intended us to be a co-ordi-
nate branch of this Government, entirely independ-
ent, and that this House alone should decide upon
the elections, returns, and qualifications of its mem-
bers    Without that provision, what comes of all
our independence?   I contend that the question is
now before us in a tangible shape.
Some gentlemen say that the House is not con-
stitutionally organ;zed. I think there is some con-
fusion of ideas here.   The Constitution says:
"Congress shall assemble at least once in every year; and
such meeting shall be on the first Monday in December, unless
they shall, by law, appoint a different day."
That (continued Mr. P.) is the day appointed
by the Constitution for Congress to assemble.
What is Congres>? Analyze the idea. It is com-
posed of members elected by the people of the
States, who a*e chosen every other j ear nnder this
constitutional provision, and who are entitled to
assemble here as the Constitu'ion directs. The
Constitution then gees on to define what shall con-
stitute the House of Representative?. "It declares
the House of Representatives shall be composed of
members chosen every second year by the people
of the several States." It does not say of members
and a Speaker, but of members chrsen by the peo-
ple. This constitutes a House of Representative ,
in the definition of the Constitution. The same
instrument declares "that the House of Represen-
tatives shall choose their Speaker and other offi-
cers." This presupposes the existence of a House
competeut, at least, t:> decide upon its own organi-
zation. Can the constitutional existence of the
House be more clearly defined and demonstra'ed?
It is chopping logic upon words to -deny our legal
exis'ence. Now, gentlemen suppose we must take
an oath before we can act, judge, or decide. Let
us read that provision. And it is to be observed
that it is a mere general provision.
"The Senators and Representatives before men-
tioned, and the membeis of several State Legisla-
tures, and all executive and judicial officers, both
of the United States, and of the several States, shall
be bound by oath or affirmation, to support the
Constitution." Now, (continued Mr. P.) I will
ask, does the Constitution prescribe the time when
this oath shall be taken? Does it say that it shall
be on the first, second, or last day of the session?
The law of seventeen hundred and eighty-nine pre-
scribes and auihorizes the oldest member on this floor
to administer an oath to the Speaker, and then pre-
scribes the mode in which the Speaker shall admin-
ister it to the members. But Mr. P. contended that
the Constitution i self having fixed the day of meet-
ing, the House of Representative* are a body on
the first Monday of December, competent to decide
on questions of return ; and, if we think proper, to
H. of Reps.
go into the whole question of election. That, how-
ever, would be vastly inexpedient. But on a ques-
tion of mere qualifications and returns—if an is-
sue be raised, and it is objected that one class of
members be falsely returned, we are then compe-
tent to decide that question, and we must, from ne-
cessity, do so. It is inherent in the power and the
right to organize.
Now, let us disentangle ourselves from this con-
fusion of ideas. The legal apponionment of Re-
presentatives gives this House two hundred and
forty-two members, and the Constitution has, in
expressed terms, made them exclusive judges on
questions of "elections, returns, and qualifica-
tions." Suppose, instead of that constitutional
provision, that it had been declared that A or B
wer<  to be exclusive judges on those questions,
would ihere be any difficulty in deciding upon the
p int? The whole confusion arises from the idea
of having twohundred and forty-two judges instead
of only one. If only one judge had been created
by the Constitution, ihere would be no difficulty in
in deciding the whole question on the first day.
Yet, as far as right and legal principle are involved,
it is the same thing.
Viewing the subject in this light, and foreseeing
the difficulties that must inevitably arise, I was dis-
posed to confine the whole question to a question of
returns, and I contend that we are the competent
judges of that question whenever we think proper
to take i*. It is not only sound sense, but sound
policy, to keep the question separate. If*you de-
cide that the mere returns of officers must, in all
cases, conclude the judgment of this House as to
who are entitled to their seats and to the
returns, then you hold out the greateit temp-
tations to bitter and contending parties to per-
petrate fraud and injustice by false returns.
The consequence will be, that when, this House
may be considered as equally balanced, and
power and empire are at stake, the elective fran-
chise will be at the mercy of ob cure and irrespon-
sible officers, and this House will be made any-
thing and every thing that their profligacy and par-
ty bitterness may choose. It is of the very essence
of our system that we should be the exclusive
guardians and judges of our own creation and for-
mation. Whether right or wrong, our judgment
over returns, qualifications, and elections, must be
exclusive and untrammeled. Any other doctrine
must introduce imbecility and impotency into this,
the very centre of vitality in our system.
In presenting these views to the House, I have
acted entirely on my own judgment, and I have
introduced a resolution to meet the precise issue,
according to my conscientious conviction of the
truth of the case. I believe that we are the judges
—I believe, according to the developments which
have been made on this floor, the gentlemen who
have the certificate of the Governor are not entitled
to the returns; and, so believing, I am prepared to
meet the question. I was prepared to do so several
days ago. I desire to decide it now, frankly, fair-
ly, and boldly, before the wurld, without the tram-
mels and the collateral ijMiesthat have been (hfowto
around it by the technicalities of county court spe?.;
cial pleading. I act here on my own responsibility. .
I do not propose any thing which is the result of
concert, of caucus, or of understanding entered
into out of this House. I act alone upon my con-
viction of what I belive to be true, and right, and
just.
Sir, we have seen too much party organiza-
tion and parly.driU. If there is one evil of the pre-
sent day, greater than another, it is that miserable
party spirit, on bch side?, which seems disposed to
draw every member into humble subserviency: to
the dictates ef a few leaders.
There is another sentiment which I entertain,
and which I will here avow. It is this: that during
the last Administration there has been two strong
eiecntive action in this Government;!aad it is time
that the Representatives of the peop'e should a-***"
their independence, and trarápte on the ties of
party—looking only to the gcotl of the country, fo
the sanctity of the Constitution, and to ihe preser-
vation of their own honor and independence. If
there be one object more dear to me than another, it
is, that I may see this House redeemed and regeae-
