¿té_____________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._________________Feb. 1*40.
86th Cono.... 1st Sess.                                        Small Bank Notes—Mr. Buchanan.                                                                         Senate.
rated—that I may see it break loose from its sub-
serviency to that monster god of party, which
is reared up on every side, and which claims from
its victims a base, devoted, and blind idolatry.
Sir, I have proposed i resolution which L believe
will meet the truth of the case. I believe that we
are the exclusive judges of the whole subject-mat-
ter, made to by the Constitution itself, in linguage
too plain to be misunderstood. The time and
manner of deciding is a mere matter of expediency.
I maintain, al o, that there can be no concurrent
jurisdiction upon this question by any State autho-
rity; and in maintaining this, I maintain the inde-
pendence of this House, which I believe to be es-
sential to the pre-ervation of American liberty.
The propositions, then, which I desirt to be de-
cided, are, first; that this House is the supreme and
sole judge of the elections, returns, and qualifica-
tions of its members. And secondly, that no State
officer has a right to judge of the legality of votes,
after they have been received; and that those v ho
have received a majority of the votes polled are,
by right, entitled to the returns. Upon that prin-
ciple, 1 voted yesterday in the case of >he gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Naylor.J It is
precisely the case at issue. There you have diffe-
rent returns; one member is admi ted to have a ma-
jority, but another gentleman assumes that they
are illegal votes, and the judges assume to them-
selves the right to throw out the whole Noithern
Liberties. I maintain that they had no such right
under the Constitution. Their acts were void, anJ
toe matter must be left to this tribunal only. It is
this which shall govern my vote. When I come
as a judge to decide on the meats of the election,
then it may be different as to final judgment. It
«ill depend up*.n the fact, whether enough, from
those who received ihe majority of votes, snail be
proved to be illegal, to violate the election. All votes
deposited and teceived by the proper officers into
the ballot box, must be presumed to be legal, until
otherwise shown. This is sound sense as well as
law. Upon these question?, I assert the power i<f
the House to judge fully, but I deny the authority
of the officers of the State of Pennsylvania, under
the laws, to reject votes, after those votes have been
deposited in the ballot box.
Standing upon this principle, I am ready to
give my vote in the New Jersey case, and I am
disposed at once to meet the que>tton, (which may
be as well decided now, as a month hence,) who
are entitled to the returns. As far as ultaior ob-
jects are concerned, I know the supposed delicacy
of my posi.ion at present, but I icoin to suppress
my sentimenis.
I would not wear the proudest diadem that ever
glittered upon a monarch's brow, if I could not
wear it unshackled and free. I would not turn to the
rig^t or left for political favor. I hold no sentiments
* in my closet which I will not avow to the world.
In my opinion, it is due to the dignity of the Hou*e
to meet this question calmly and decidedly. I am
ready to vote. II you let ihe whole subj«t-matter
go to a committee, you will involve us in questions
which will not be decided this session. If you
choose to confine them to ihe question of returns,
yon can do so, and we can have prompt action;
but any other course will lead to confusion and
delay.
SMALL BANK NOTES.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE.
Wednesday, Feb. 26, 1840.
The following resolution, ¡submitted on Monday
by Mr. Buchanan, was taken up lor considera-
tion:                                                          I
Resolved, That a «elect committee be appointed fo j the pur-
pose of inquiring into the expediency of proposing to t}ie Siatesj
such an amendment to the Federal Constitution as will securf
a larger specie basis for ihe circulation of thecountiy.py prom-
biting the issue and circulation of bank notes and other paper
currency of denominations so low as to prevent the citcuUrtion
of gold and silver in the ordinary transactions of busilmfs and
in payment of the wages of labor.
Mr. WEBSTER s^id that he wished to treat the
motion of the honorable member 'from Pennsylva-
nia with perfect courtesy and respect, and felt re-
luctant to oppoie it, as it proposed only a commit-
tee for inquiring into the expediency of a measure.
Yet, with the opinion which he held on the sab*
ject to which it referred, he could not let it pass
under circumstances from which his concurrence
in it, in any degfee, mi ht be inferred. We had
recently had experience of the evil consequences
of dissenting, at the beginning, from things which
must be opposed in the end.
His objections to the resolution were, first, that
Congress already possessed full and adequate
powers over the currency. What .was wanted was
the exercise of those powers. We had full power
to regulate commerce, and currency, whether me-
tallic or paper, as the great instrument of com-
merce; but had ceased to exercise this power. If
we proposed to amend the Constitution, in order
to get new powers, it would imply that we thought
our prespnt powers not ample. Now, he thought
them ample. If we would only exercise them as
they had been exercised successfully for forty
years, we could accomp) sh, probably, all we
df sired. At any rate, we did not exercise them at
all.
His next objection was, that there was not the
least reason to suppose that any such proposed
|  amendment would prevail.     The States derived
I    revenue from their banks.   They were in favor of
'!   the circulation of small notes, and would not be
at all likely to consent to the suppression of them;
]    at least not so many of the States as would be re-
'    quired.   Nor, indeed, did he see any reason   to
j    think that the constitutional majority of Ihe two
i    Houses of Congress could be obtained in favor of
I    the proposition.
If, indeed, nothing else was to be proposed; if
we were to do nothing, nor have any thing done,
t.ll the Constitution could be amended, as wai now
proposed, and until we found relief in the effect of
such amsndments, the condition of things, he con-
fessed, was evtn more deplorable than he had yet
been quite willing to regard it.
Mr. BUCHANAN said that, on this preliminary
question, he should dea'n the Senate with but a
very brief expos,t on of his views in presenting the
resolution. Indeed, he had not anticipated any
debate upon the subject, supposing that Senators
would have waited until the report of the commit-
tee should be made.
In the first place, (said Mr. B ) no gentleman
will deny the truth of the proportion, that it is de-
sirable to infuse into the general circulation of the
country a much larger proportion of gold and silver
than exists at present. Every thin^ which we see,
and hear, and feel around us, must convince us all
that this is an object of the first importance. On
this point, therefore, I shall offer no argument upon
the present occasion.
What, then, is the only possible mode of accom-
plishing this purpose? It is a law of currency al-
most as universal in its operation as any law of
nature, that paper and specie of the same denomi-
nations cannot circulate together. We all recollect
the celebrated mes^aee smt by Mr. Burke to Mr.
Pitt, in the year 1797 or 1798, that, if he consented
to the issue of one pound notes, he would never see
a guinea azain. The subsequent experience of
England had proved the sagaci'y of the statesman;
and guineas and sovereigns were almost as com-
pletely banished from general circulation in that
kingdom as if they did not exist. After a perse-
vering struggle of many years, lei by their most
distinguished statesmen of both the great political
parties, the five pound note policy, ciginally advo-
cated; by the celebrated Adam Smith, finally pre-
vailed. One pound notes were excluded from cir-
culation, and, in ihe course of a very few years, it
yks estimated that one-half of the currency of that
^country consisted of the prec'ous me'als. Their
f lowest bank note is now of the denomination of
, about twenty-four dollars. They have now about
half and half of paper and specie.
What is the condition of our own country in this
respect? Can our half eagles circulate together
with five dollar notes? That they do not, must be
admitted by all. Will eag es ever circulate gene-
rally in a country where iheie are ten dollar notes
issueJ in abundance to take their place? In those
Stales where one dollar notes are m general circu-
lation, it is almost as rare a thing to see a silver dol-
lar as it is in other States, where five dollar notes
circulate, to find a half eagle.
If there ever was a question upon which there
had appeared to be a unanimous, or an almost
unanimous, opinion among our public men of all
parties, it was in regard to the necessity of exclud-
ing from circulation all bank notes and other paper
currency of a less denomination than twenty dol-
lars. This, all admit, ought to be effected gra-
dually, and in such a manner as to give no shock
to the business of the country; but all agree in the
ultimate object. It was a favorite principle with
General Jackson, and had found equal favor w,th
the present President of the United States. My
friend from Misst uri [Mr. Henton] had presented
this question to the Senate some years ago, and, on
his motion, we had adopted an amendment, with
unexampled unanimity, prohibiting the officers of
the Government from receiving or disbursing bank
notes of a less denomination than twenty dollars.
The same principle had been adopted in the ce-
lebrated currency bt 1; and, under us previsions,
after a certain pero 1, the notes of no bank which
issued notes of a less demmina'ion than twentv
dollars were to be received in the payment of the
duei to the Government. The Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Rives] had, on that occasion, made the
ablest speech he had ezer heard h'm deliver on ih s
floor, in favor of ihe pr nciple of excluding from
circulation notes under twenty dollars
Now, sir, can human ingenuity devise any mode
of accomplishing this object so much desired by
all, but by an amendmenfof the Constitution? If
it can, I should adopt that course. I hold the Con-
stitution in such reverence, that I would not offer
to amend it without absolute necessity. I wuu d
apply the role of epic poetry to i>s provisions—I
forgot the Latin quotation—and say that the power
of a divinity ought never to be invoked without ab-
solu e necesM'y. To use the phrase of the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhodn,] I can see
no mode under G^d's heavens of accomplishing the
object but by amending the Constitution. If one
State undertakes to make this reform, what is the
consequence? Oiher States will not adopt i>; and
their five and ten dollar notes fill up the vacuum.
Hence, in self-defence, these States which desire a
reform are obliged to submit to the evi's of the
small note currency. There is no mode of reach-
it g it but by proposing to all the States an amend-
ment to ihe Constitution which will be alike bind-
ing on all.
If I concurred in opinion with ths Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wkbster] thatC< ngress alrea-
dy pessiss the power of regulating the currency of
the States, I ceitainly shou'd not propose such an
amendment. His sentiments are peculiar upon
the subject, and I should be glad that he would
point out the particular manner in which this can
be accomplished. It is certainly not by the agency
of a Bank of the United Slates; because, if such
an inst tution should ever be re-established, and I
trust it never may, you could only provide by its
charier that it should not issue notes under twenty
dollars. No man will contend that this wou'd pre-
vent the issue and circulation, under the authority
of the States, of notes of smaller denominations.
Who doubts the utility of such a regulation to
the banks themselves? At present, when there is a
demand for god and silver for exportation, and
their vaults become exhausted, they have no moie
of rep'enishing them. The specie ntce^sary for this
purpose is net in crculation in the country. ,Adopt
this amendmint, and the difficulty will at once
vanish. As the specie is withdrawn from them,
the void will be supplied by tneir drawing upon
the circulation of the coun'ry for the necessary
amount. Let ihne be a general circulation of
half specie and half paper; and the danger of sus-
pensions of specie payments will be comparatively
at an end.
But I promi?ed that I should not detain the Se-
nate long, and I shall not be drawn into a general
piscu.sion of ihe me ri's of the propoti ion at this
itpge, unless compelled to do so by the course of
other ger.t'emen.
Mr. WEBSTER said that if there wai any gen-
tleman in the Senate who had, earlier than himse'f,
suggested and urged the necessity of keeping stea-
dily a considerable quantity of specie in the coun-
try by the disuse of small notes, he did not know
