Feb. 1840._____________
26th C0NG...—.I8T Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£19
Small Bank Notes—Mr. Strange.
Senate
who that gentleman was. But things had taken a
different turn. Siates which had not allowed the
issue of small notes, had found it necessary 10 re-
lax, and he theretore saw no reason 10 expect the.r
concurrence.
He had before said that Congress possessed
already possessed plenary power. And if Con-
gress would proceed to eiercise its powers, it it
would begin with approved methods, if it would
act judiciously, accormng to circumstances, adopt-
ing gentle, natural, and yet promising measures, if
it should hereafter be found that any thing done
under Stale laws was repugnant to the laws of
Congress, why, then, u was clear by the Constitu-
tion that such State laws must be modified, or give
way to the laws of Congress.
Mr. STRANGE said he would not object to the
reference, if he entertained any doubt upon the
question of expediency presented in the resolution.
But he enteitained none. He felt the clearest con-
victions that the agitation of this question at this
lime, was altogether unfortunate, looking to its ím-
„ mediate effects, either upon the political paity to
which he belonged, or its ultimate operat on upon
the welfare of the country. In a party sense he
thought it highly impolitic, in the midst of a great
political batile, to assume a new position.. The
ground we now occupy is an advantageous one,
and the current of events is setting in our favor.
The issue heretofore submitted to the people, after
much misrepresentation, is now coming to be fully
understood; we are clearly right in it, and we are
certain of being sustained. la proposing some-
thing new at this juncture, even if our views upon it
sboul I, in the end, pi ova correct, we must expect to go
through the same misty cloud of misrepresentation,
through which we have already passed in reference to
the Independent Treasury, and it is by no means cer-
tain that our explanations would reach the public
mind in time for the approaching criss. In the
present organization < f parties, and upon existing
issues, there is no doubt of our triumph; but in dis-
solving the present elements of party and forming
new combinations, which would probably be the ef-
fect of presenting new issues, he could not be an-
swerable for the result. Whether the proposed
amendment to the Constitution would be adopted,
he thought exceedingly doubtful; but, if at all, it
would be after a very long struggle, and the effects
of that straggle were as uncertain as its result.
But if adopted, he thought its ultimate effect up-
on the welfare of the country highly pernicious. It
would engraft expressly upon the Federal Constitu-
tion the present banking system. At present, hap-
ply, it had no place there except by construction;
and he was altogether averse to giving it a solemn
recognition in the body of that sacred instrument.
He agreed with the Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Buchanan] that a broader specie basis for the
issues ot the banks was desirable; but he was un-
willing to obtain it at such a price. While the
connection existed by law between bank and State,
be thought it wise to avail ourselves of that connec-
tion to compel the banks to widen their specie basis.
But that connection by law was now dissolved, and
he was net disposed to form it again by constitu-
tional provisions. He believed the evils' in the
banking system are in a fair way to correct them-
selves. Public opinion is posh ng them onwards
in that direction.
He believed, as he #s'ated among his first re-
marks uptn the Independent Treasury, that public
opinion was hastening 10 that poi.,t when our late
banking sys em would be looked back upon with
as much amazement at the folly of its dupts,
as we do now upon ihe delusions of the cotempo-
rariesof John Law. Ths lesolusion, instead of
conducing to bank reform, as seems to be antici-
pated by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bu-
chana ,] will revire the old abuses. They will
put foith with renewed vigor; and should the
amendment to the Com>tifu ion be made as pro-
posed, to what use that amendment ma7 be ap-
plied, no one can conceive. Aided by the princi-
ple of construction, so much admired on the other
s de, a Constitution, or a clause of it, like a piece
of India rubber, may be «retched to an indefinite
extent; nay, like beaien gold, a grain may be made
to- coyer aartc.   Let the Opposition once get a con-
st, tutional connection established between the banks
and the Government, and what they make out of
it no man can for<.see. So far from agreeing with
the Senator from Mas<achusetis that we had al-
ready the constitutional power to act directly upon
the paper currency of the country, he did not be-
lieve the framers of the Constitution contemplated
its existence; he was confident they did not mean to
give to Congress the power of regulating it further
than the exercise of their power in relation to the
coin might incidentally do so. And he was de-
cidedly of opinion that it was not expedient that
any such direct power should be possessed by Con-
gress. Ftrthese reasons, he was not inclined to
vete for the resolution.
Mr. BUCHANAN said that the Senator from.
Massachusetts [Mr. Webster] had now made a
distinct avowal of the mode by which he would
restrain the issue and circulation of bank notes of
the smaller denominations. He thought that
Congress possessed the power of accomplishing this
purpose by direct legislation upon the banks of the
States. He wou'd not, upon the present occasion,
argue this broad question with the Senator; but
should content himself by declaring that he was
entirely opposed to any such construction of the
Constitution. At the proper time, he should be
ready to-compare notes with him upon this branch
of the subject.
The Senator had stated that it wculd be a vain
effort to apply to the States for such an amendment
to the Constitution; and in proof of this assertion
had observed that several of those States which had
prohibited the issue of bank notes under five dollars
had fallen back, and now authorized the circula-
tion of notes under that denomination. But what
was the chief cause of this retrograde movement?
It is not that these Sta'es believed it was vain
singly to at empt the reform, when the only effect
of their individual action was to substitute the
small notes of other Statfs instead of their own?
For the want of such an amendment to the Consti-
tution as is now intended to be proposed, several
of the States opposed to the circulation of small
notes, have felt themselves compelled, I think un-
wisely, to abandoa the policy on which they had
embarked.)
If the proposed amendment be rig^t in itself, it
will eventually prevail. He had such an abiding
confidence in the intell gence and patriot sm of the
people of the coun ry, that he was convinced that,
if the public interest demanded the measure, it
would be finally adopted. So far as he was ac-
quainted with the indications of public opinion in
his own State, they were decidedly favorable. He
was determined to bring the question fully and
fairly before the people, so far as an humble indi-
vidual could; and whatever mi?ht be the result of
h.s present attempt, to pursue the subject with en-
ergy and perseverance, until success should crown
his efforts, or he should discover that success was
not attainable.
He would say a few words in reply to the Sena-
tor from North Carolina, [Mr. Strange ] Mr. B.
was a plain, praotical nun, and was content to con-
sider human affairs as they were, not as gentlemen
might think ihey ought to be, or would be, at some
remote period of time. On this question, he feared
there was a radical difference between the Senaor
and bimself. There were twenty-six States of th s
Union, who had all, from their origin, exercsed the
power of creating banks. This- power had been in
uninterrupted operation fcr half a century. It was
now too late to question its existence. No man
now living would ever see the day when this power
would be abandoned by the States. There it wa«,
and there it would remain, in spite of all the Sena-
tor could do to destroy it. He acknowledged that
the proposed amendment rested upon the a^ump-
tion that these banks would continue to exi>t under
State authority, in some form or other, and would
issue a paper currency.
He had been no little surprised, therefore, to
letrn from the Senator that one ground of bis op-
position to the amendment was, that it would ar-
rest the progress of public opinion, and enable the
banks to ude out the pr-sent storm. His own
fears d fiered very widely from those of the Sena-
tor.    He was afraid, not that the banki would
pen h in the gale, but that the State Legisl itures
might actas they had donp on a former occasion, and
not impose upon them thosa wholesome restrictions
necessary to guard the public against the evils of
future suspensions.   The  Senatoi  (said  Mr. B.)
mistakes my purpose  in supposing  that it is the
same wiih his own, and that I desire to aim a death
blow at the banks.   It is in this respect that I fear
he and I radically differ.    Whatever might be my
opinion of the question, were  it now for ihe first
time  to be deeded whether we  should  establish
banks or not, I find them now in existence, and so
interwoven  with the habits and interests and feel-
ings of the people that  they cannot be destroyed.
For good or for evil, thev will continue to exist
long after he and I shall have been gathered to our
fathers.    It i«,  iherefor , my  purpose, not to de-
stroy, but radically to  reform  them; to deprive
them of the power of doing evil, and to restrict
them in such a manner as to  make them useful
agents of  the public, instead of instruments ruin-
ous to the prosperity of the people.    L^rd Liver-
pool had once said of the banking system of Eng-
land,  tint " it was the most insecure, the most
rotten, and the very worst of which it was possible
to conceive."     He would not apply such strong
epithets to our banking system; though he would say
that n was difficult  for him to  conceive   how
it could    be    much   worse.     The    expansions
and    contractions    and   suspensions   of   specie
payments to which, from the   very law of its
nature,   it   was   sabject,  were  ruinous   to   the
best inter s's of the country. He believed that the
States would eventually reform it, and, if that were
found impracticable, would destroy it,aad substitute
another system in its stead.   Still State banks, in
some form or other, whether by special charter, or
under free banking laws, or in some other manner,
would cont.nue to exist and to issue paper curren-
cy.   Now, what was ihe greatest reform which
could be male to   any system of  State  banking
which the human mind could devise?   Was it not
to increase the specie basis of the paper currency
—was it not to secure the circulation of gold and
silver in the ordinal y transactions of life and in the
payment of the wages of labor?   This re tncuon
alone would be the greatest practical bank reform
and the greatest security against future suspensions
which could possibly be devised; and it could never
be accomplished without an amendment of ihe Fe-
deral Constitution.   1 can easily perceive why the
Senator, with his views, is opposed to the amend-
ment.   Those who calculate upon the destruction
of all the banks of the country, and indulge in the
v.sionary hope that we are about to return to a
pure metallic currency in all the business transac-
tions ol all ihe people of the United States, may con-
sistently oppose every great reform in the banking
system.   They may hope that the more evils it in-
flicts upon ihe people, the shorter will be its dura-
tion.   For myself, I indulge in no suuh expecta-
tions, and I desire to reform that which I know I
could not, if I would, destroy.
In these remarks, I have studiously avoided all
party allusions. This is a question which ought
to be placed above party, because it is deeply inte-
resting to every individual citizen of the country,,
whatever may be his political attachments, and I
conless that mine are very strong.
Mr. STRANGE, in reply tu Mr. Buchanan,
said he was sorry to differ with the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan;] for when be did
so, he always feared he was wrong. The Senator
did himself great injustice in calling himself a
plain p'olding man, if his language was to be lite-
rally construed. But he believed he did the Sena-
tor no wrong in interpr< ting his language as he un-
derstood it. The Senator meant thai he was Bim-
self a practical man, whi'e he [Mr. Stranoc] ws*
a visionary. Pehaps this was tru } ba^of «o«
ihing he was very ce> ta n, that he had a perfectly
r'ear vis on of the tendencies ot tp| resolution.
He was sorry to bear the¡.Seiutor ^aapt the cant
so frequently used by t§t 'Qwotftion—lha' ""
was above the icSuepeft «f P "? Jcol?Mder*;
tions. No public ' ma* commended himself
to his confidence by saying that be was
above patty considerations. Parties cones',
or should cptei*f, of those who agree in pout* 
