Pec. 1889.____________
26th Cong.......IstSkss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
President's Message—Mr. Thompson.
H. of Reps.
for a mixed currency, that formerly expressed very
different opinions. He bad heard much in that
body about the banks being mischievous in their
haricter, and dangerous in their tendency.
Holding the same opinions on this subject as
those just expressed by the honorable Senator from
Tennessee, [Mr. Gründ?,] he was glad to hear
such remarks from that quarter of the Senate.
Mr. GRUNDY said he woutd thank the Senator
to point out the time or the place in which he had
ever expressed sentiments at variance wi h those
he just made.
Mr. DAVIS. Far be it from me to say that
the Senator ever had done so. I was only express-
ing my gratification to learn that theie was not to
be this general sweeping prostration which seemed
to threaten us. The Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Buchanan] had his hearty concurrence in the
matter before them. Let the inquiry go to the pub-
lic from his learned pen, and give the public all the
benefit of his able reasoning on the subject—he
would cheerfully give his vote for it; but in giving
that vote, he hid not mean to be understood asat
all committing himself on that or any other pro-
posed amendment.
Mr. PRESTON rose to relieve himself of any
charge of discourtesy towards the Senator from
Pennsylvania, in opposing the resolution, and he
wo a Id show himself in earnest by vot ng for the
proposed inqaiiy.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
adopted.
Mr. BUCHANAN then moved that the select
committee consist of seven, and that it be appoint-
ed by the Chair, which having been agreed to, the
following Senators were named: Messrs. Bucha-
nan, Grdndt, Crittenden, Wright Davis, Clay
of Alabama, and Henderson.
SPEECH OF MR. THOMPSON,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA
in the House of Representatives, Monday, December 30,
1839—The House having under consideration a motion to
reconsider the vote by which 20,000 copies of the President's
Message were ordered to be printed—
Mr THOMPSON addressed the House as follows
I am not willing to allow this message to go forth to the
country without commentary or discussion The annual mes-
sage of the President is always a document possessing gieat
interest, as the chart oí the annual progress of the Government
This claims more than ordinary attention, from the importance,
the vttal importance of the topics which its discusses, and from
the unquestionable ability with which they are discussed.
Some ol these topics involve the most thorough and deeply
interesting changes which have occurred in our country, if not
in modern times—changes amounting to a commercial and so-
cial revol ution They are discussed with more than usual ability
The message presents an argument upon the great financial
measure, which it vindicates beyond all measure—the most
able, artful, and seductive of any heretofore made upon that
side In saying this, I shall not be suspected of any disposition
to conciliate. No, sir, my position will, m.all human proba-
bility, continue, as it has been, in opposition,' whatever may be
the result of the present contest for power I am opposed to
the general political tenets and opinions on the one side, and
Bull more opposed to the universal practices of the other—to
its extravagance and profligacy, and faithlessness to all its
professions
But, sir, if I were disposed to go over, every one knows that
no atonement, not even a repentance for past sins, however
flagant—for past vituperation, however scornful or severe, is
required. It is a most easy servic —no sacrifices whatever
are lequired except of one's conscience, and one of the rules
1 understand to be, that no questions are to be asked of appli-
cants for admission.
The message, on its face and in its general statements of
political doctines, is fair enough    It is State rights throughout
—as much so, sir, as if it had been wuttenby you, who were
brought up at the feet of Gamaliel, and are of the straitest sect.
Whilst reading it, I wasforciblyremindedofthatnoble paper,
General Jackson's message of 1832— that most masterly com-
pendium of the State rights doctrines.   I had, but a few days
Wore the appearance   of that paper, been appointed an
elector of President—a position* by no means a desirable one.
The moral malaria of Jacksomsm was then prevadingthe land
m its wildest fury, not only the strongest safeguards of the Con-
stitution,  but the virtue and ceurage of the country, were
destroyed in its progress.   The charm of a great name was not
then broken, nor attempted to be broken, in South Carolina
I gave the vote, and a very few days brought us the message.
I felt that I was done up for life—that no man could stand in
apposition to so good a State rights President as that.   But, sir
it was only nine days, nine little days, when the Proclamation
followed—a most consistent commentary upon the text of the
message, just such commentaries as we have always had from
the same quarter upon like professions of such principles
just such as I again anticipate     I most sincerely pray that it
maynotbeso    Ishall  be gratified if the necessities of their
position shall drive the Administration upon our principles__
State rights principles—the principles of the Constitution, but I
have not even a hope that it will heso 1 want confidence, and
I doubt the language of indignant scorn heretofore «sed by a
distinguished gentleman in remarking upon similar professions
from the same quarter "I can but admire the audacity of the
authors of the Proclamation and Force Bui claiming to be the
guardián  of State nght«."                                "
The currency question is of course the engrossing subject of
the message. But, sir, there is another which is first touched,
and which is not less important—more important, as it should
be regarded by every Southern man, yes, sir, by every man
who has the heart ol an American beating in his bosom I
allude to the savage and in every way disgraceful war now
raging in Florida Is that war to rage forever? Is it further
prosecution abandoned? Have the Seminóles reconquered
their country? If so, acknowledge it—yield it to them by treaty,
and give them the honor and the fruits oftheir victory Do
not keep upa miserable show of force there, lulling the people
of the Territory into a false reliance upon a power perfectly
impotent to afford any real protection, and exposing, for no
possible good, a lew of the most gallant men of your army to all
the dangers of the climate and of savage war, and, what to
such men is infinitely worse, to the certainty of constant
failures and defeats
I arraign this Administration for Us worse than imbecile and
impotent management of the Florida wir     If there  was no
other cause for opposition for those in power, this itself is all
sufficient    Cannot the Administration, with all the resources of
this great country, conquer this miserable band of savages?    It
so, let them surrender their powers to those who can     If they
cannot, why have they not done ill   Every drop of blood that
has been shed,   cries to Heaven against them      Individual
atrocities and massacres, horrible as they aie, I lose sight of
altosether, v, hen I look at the pressing importance of dislodging
su dangerous an enemy from then fastnesses in the vicinity
of the West Indies, and in the very centre of the South.     Are
gentleman aware that the Maine boundaiy question is far, very
far from jet being even in a train of adjustment and that the
utmost discretion will be required on the part of both Govern-
ments to avoid a war at the end of that question?   With even a
possibility of that, is there any man who  can look without
indignation at so formidable an enemy being embodied in the
very heart of the South, or at the miserable farce of a treaty
which stipulatedto yield to them a portion of the Territory?
Sir, it is not the land that we want, we have too much of that
already    It is the removal of the Indians, and that only, which
will satisfy us     And  what has been done to this end by
this President of ours?    This Northern man with Southern
principles, and his Secretary of War, a Southern man with
—(I im at a loss to say what principles, except John Randolph's
celebrated "seven ")    Why, sir, we have seen the larger part
of the army withdrawn from the only point wheie they were
really required, and engaged in an empty pageant at Trenton—
an empty pageant made still more ridiculous by a review and
inspection of the discipline and tactics by the P,esident and his
Secretary     Yes, sir,  the army which should have been in
Florida was encamped a thousand miles from the point where
they were hourly required, when every morning's reveille wis
the news of the massacre of their fellow soldiers, and of the
women and children of Florida.   Was it to remove them from
the pestilential miasma of the swamps of Florida?    That cli
mate was deemed  good enough for the gallant Taylor and
Harney    Why was it not so far all?   I am sure that there was
none amongst the officers who would not have preferred to
remain at the post of duty and of honor     Has such a thing
ever before occurred?     Generally we have seen troops con-
centrated upon the point of danger and of war—but here we
see them removed from it, and the country left wholly exposed
When I saw that the President referred us approvingly to
the plan of the Secretary of War, which he was pleased to
charactei ize as calculated "to bring that war to a successful
issue," althoughl believed that "nothinggood could come out
of Nazareth," I eagerly turned to it to see what that plan was,
and what, sir, is this notable plan "to bring this war to a success-
ful issue?"   W hy, sir, it is this    l   Depriving the Seminóles
of all sympathy     I had not known before that there was
any such sympathy    I knew of no one who has eiven any
evidence of such a feeling, except the honorable Secretary
He certainly has been most tenderly and compassionately regard
ful of their lives.    His second suggestion is the passage of Col
Benton's bill for the settlement of Florida, which I understand
tobe a proposition to give a certain quantity of land to every
man who will  settle there, and to furnish him rations and
military protection into the bargain; the  entering wedge (and
I beg that the prediction may be remembered) toa system of
grants for settlement, by which the whole of the Western lands
are to be got from us    The third suggestion of the honorable
Secretary is to raise a new regiment, and, of course, to let him
appoint the officers    What has yet been accomplished by the
2d Dragoons, a regiment raised  specially for this service?
Nothing that I ever heard of I would not object to raismgone or
more regiments if I knew who were to command them, if]
could have any assurance that the command would be gi\ en to
Gen   Floyd, of  Georgia, or some other such man     I,  how
ever, know none such    But it will be given to no such man,
but to some palace pet or noisy politician     These appoint
menls have been, and will be, made not with a view to military,
but political battles, not with a view to obtaining victenes over
the Indians, but votes at elections     When that regiment of
dragoons was raised, many gentlemen in Congress interested
themselves to procure an appointment for asgaliantan officer
as any in the army, who had been more or less engaged in
Indian wars for  the last twenty years, and who was then
bleeding from more than one wound from the Indian rifles
He had no chance whatever.   The appointment was given to
one who, then or since, has never set a squadron in the field,
and whose claims were not those of military talents, but
political party services    No increase of your standing army is
necessary, you cannot inciease your army to a force adequate
to this service, and, besides, regular tioops are not the tioops to
fight Indians, and such has been our uniform experience.   The
only way to end that war is to establish abundant depots of
supplies, and to throw into Florida fifteen or twenty thousand
men.   ¿et them act simultaneously and m concert, and the war
will be ended in six weeks      I can tell the   President  that
the present plan, or any otherthat ever will be suggested by
his ¡secretary of War, never will bring thnt ,war to a success
ful issue, and that to rely or any such will b# a criminal palter-
ing with the lives of our people, and jfke character of the
country                        \                      /
The first passage of tlte message orftlie currency subject,
which strikes me, is the fallowing    f
"The nineteen millions oYTrcasunf notes authorized bv the
act of Congress of 1837, anduhe mjfification  thereof, with a
view to the indulgence of mwchwls on their duty bonds, and
of the deposite banks in the rAmpmt of public moneys held by
them, have been so punctuallyadeemed, as toleave less than
the original tea millions outstanding at any cae mne, and the
whole amount unredeemed now falls short of three millions.
Of these, the chief portion is n t due till next year, and the
whole would have been already extinguished could the
Treasury have realized the paymtnts due to it from the banks
If those due fiom them during the next year shall bepunctu
ally made, and if Congress shall keep the appropriations with-
in the estimates, there is every reason to believe that all the
outstanding Treasury notes can be redeemed, and the ordinary
expenses defrayed, without imposing on the people any addi-
tional burden, eithei of loans or increased taxes "
t Now, sir, I must be allowed, without the sigh test intentional
personal disiespect to the President, to say, that not a single
statement contained in the above extract is true Ido not in-
sinuate, because I do not believe ihe President capable of an
intentional misstatement, tut 1 do say that these statements
are incorrect, and that he might ha\e and ought to have known
better FirM were these Treasury notes issued with a view
to enable the Government to indulge the banks and merchants?
The debt from both these sources was less than six millions
at the period of the last issue of ten millions of these Treasury
notes How, then, can a debt of six millions be the reason and
the excuse foi issuing ten millions of notes? Although not so
expressly stated, there are other passages of the message as well
as of the Treasury íeport, which imply, and are no doubt in
tended to imply, that indulgence to the banks was the sole
reason for this issue of an unconstitutional currency. How
gioss a misrepresentation this is, will be seen from the fact that,
at the period of the last issue often millions, the banks owed
less than two millions I would here take occasion to say, m
passing, that ti ese deposite banks, which have been habitually
denounced for their lailures and frauds, have given evidence of
a power to fulfil their engagements and a noble fidelity m doing
so absolutely unprecedented, and beyond the hopes of the most
sanguine, and which thoughout Europe is regarded with won
der and admiration. They have fullfilled, to a miracle, all
their engagements, and besides that, have sustained the countiy
under circumstances of difliculty and distress, where the boldest
might have despaired 1 know, tir, that these are unfashionable
opinions and truths, unwholesome to brawling politicians—that
despicable a id pernicious class, whose only ambition is to
rise from that obscurity to which a want of all talent and all
virtue bas destined them, by joining every popular clamor
even against the best and most sacred institutions of society.
I am not one of those "who«e thoughts ever keepjthe road-way "
1 cannnot lend myself to injustice of any sort What, sir, are
the facts in relation to our connection with the deposite banks?
The year before the susp nsion they held, on account of tbe
Government, more than sixty millions of money. It was con-
templated by the distribution bill to withdraw this sum in
eighteen months That it=elf was regarded by most men who
were best informed, as a trial which the banks could not stand,
but they did Yes, sir, and more. The Secretary of the
Treasury, instead of allowing eighteen months for this tre-
mend us operation, actually executed it in six months. I will
not say, as some of his present friends have said, that it was
done to defeat the salutary effects of the measure But he did
it, and, to the astonishment of every one, the banks sustained
themselves under this terrible trial, and paid over at once about
forty millions No man would, a priori, have said that it was
possible This is not all. At the period of the suspension, of
1837, the banks held on account of the Government twenty-
three millions Congress granted them indulgence for
eighteen months They paid all but about two millions id less
than six months—refusing to avail themselves of your indul-
gence—and have secured, as the Secretary tells us, all the
balance If this be faithlessness and fraud, commend me to
faithlessness and fraud for the balance of my life I have
shown that indulgence to the banks and the merchants was not
the cause of the issue of these Treasury notes—an issue of a
Government currency which, I have heretofore shown in an
argument which no one has attempted to answer, was a groxs
and dangerous violation ol the Constitution The second state-
ment is equally untrue—that the whole of the Treasury notes
would have been extinguished if the Treasury could have
realized the sums due from banks. The amount due from
banks is less than two millions, the amount of Treasury notes
outstanding is two millions and three fourths, besides interest
The last inslalment from the United Slates Bank is not due
until next September. The third and last, and much the most
important, is, that the resources of the Government for the
next year will be adequate to its wants, without any increased
burdens of loans or faxes We were fold the same thing in
the last ann ual message, almost in the same words I said then
that it was not true What was the result? Why, sir, a new
issue of Treasury notes    So U will be now.
The President may not have known that this statement was
incorrect, but I am very sure that no man on this floor who
reeards his character will venture to endorse this opinion
Why, sir, every body knows that it is not ti ue. The Secretarj
of the Treasury very well knows it Although he does not
directly ask for a law to authorize the issue of ten millions
more of Treasury notes, ¿ñvhole column, and a separate subdi-
vision of his report, is devoted to proving the necessity of pro-
viding some fund to meet a contingent deficiency What
fund does he mean? Why, Treasaiy notes and nothing else;
the expedient of the spendthrift who has wasted hiB patrimony
—to give his note The President tell us that the resources
of the Government will be adequate to its wants. 1 tell you
they will not The President has much better oppportunitics
of judging Ihen I have, and is under the same obligations to
disclose the truth to the country Now, sir, mark the result,
and see who is right. Before six months we shall be asked to
issue ten millions at least of Treasury notes, or to make a loan
n some other form Why is the truth not now told us? Fo rno
other reason than the shame of the avowal, on tie part of the
President, that, coming into power in a time of profound
peace and general prosperity, with a Treasury oveiflowing, ha
has in three years expended thirty millions over and above tbe
accruing revenue, and caused an almost universal ruin and
insolvency in the land. There was, when the President
entered on the dunes of his office, nine millions which was
to be deposited with the S'ates, five millions of surplus besides,
and upwards of five millions due and which has been paid by
the Bank of the United States, and there is bow near three
millions of Treasury notes outstanding* making twenty three
millions, to which add at least ten millions for the Pjeaen1
year, and we have in, the three yearsof this economical Jenereo
man Administration an excess of expenditure ,oyer "'com* "J
thirty-three millions. As to the future, 1 look.to it wiUi
absolute dismay, no eye can penetrate the gloom of that future.
We must pay to England alone next year, for excess or unr or.s
