Mar. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S2S
S6th Cong«"«1st Sbss.
State Debts.—Mr. Grundy.
Senate.
sincerity I say, «r, I tremble when I look to the future, espe-
ThVrrestdent attaches much importance to the fact which
hestaus, that Aere  never any large T°TÍ^Í1U,T ÜIES
in the hands of collectors, &c Who did not know that? Who
did not know that the profligate waste of the public money by
this spendthrift Administration, at the same time that our
menúes were greatly diminished, bad forced the Govern-
mentliterally to live fiom hand to mcu hi Nay, more, sir, to
resort to the most despicable shifts to 'Taise the wind1"-no
other phrase will so well «press the idea, lo do that which
would irretrievably disgrace a private man—to draw for money
when they knew they had none on which to drawl But- sir,
this state of things, it is to hoped, is not to last always. If we
should ever again We a full Treasury, the currency will be
dwastrously contracted, and, wba' is more, your sub-Treasurers,
with large amounts of gold and silver on hand, may rum at
will every bank in the country. "Will not this give a political
power 01 er those institutions which may well be dreaded?
I was very much surprised to see that so able and adroit a
writer as the President should have been guilty of so gross an
inconsistency as I find in the message. The great argument of
the message in favor of the measure is not that it will give a
good currency, gold andsilvei, for the use of the Government,
but the effect that it is to have on the banks. To this end it is
said that it will be all-powerful. How can it be so but by
causing the banks, by reason of this constant drain of specie,
greatly to restrict their issues! And yet we are immediately
afterwards told that the sum required for the uses of the Go-
vernment will be so very small that it will really hardly affect
the banks at all—a very Hercules at ene moment—as powerless
««sleeping infant the next.
I must apologize for detaining the House so long, but I felt
k to be my duty to call the public attention to some of the
points of mis message, especially to the startling proposition to
abolish, in effect, bank paper, and thus to operate on State
institutions by the indirect use of a pewer granted for other and
different purposes—a powerwhich never would have been
granted for the purpose forwhicb it is now proposed to be
used.
SPEECH OF MR. GREtNDY,
OF TENNESSEE. J
Stiude,Marth 4 and 5, |84U—Io/avor of the report
of the Select Committee, agayfst the assumption,
by the General Govemmeiufof the Sales.' debts,
contracted for local internal improvements, and
other State purposes. /
Mr. President: The dmr which lies before me
is laborious, but, m my judgment, it is not difficult.
So soon as I discoverer? the manner in which the
report was treated by Senators on the other side
when it was hrst presented, I resolved in my own
mind that I would take some suitable occasion to
answer all the argument  which should be urged
against it. By pursuing this course, 1 am aware
that much which 1 may say will be a dull, cold re-
petition of what has been better said by others; bat
the Senate will bear with me. I owe a duty to my
country, to the committee whose honored organ I
was, and to myself. My present purpose is to dis-
charge all the obligations and duties which rest
upon me twit faithfully. This I will end avor to
do in a manner and in a temper becoming a Sena-
tor, who is not unmindful of what is due to that
enlightened and elevated body of which he is a
member. It is not, however, my intention to re-
argue in a regular way the subjects introduced
and discussed in the report. That document is
now before the people of the United States, and
whatever may be said for or against it here,
will not materially affect the estimate which the
public have already placed, or will hereafter
place upon it. Whenever the people read a public
document upon an interesting subject, tbey can
and will form opinions for themselves, and those
opinions they will carry out by their acts. Without
intending it, our political opponents have secured
for the report a very general peiosal. Their oppo-
sition to its being printed, their effort to suppress
it, and prevent its circulation, have excited public
curiosity, and produced a desire to see it; and I
doubt not that it will now be read by hundreds and
thousands, whose attention might never have
been turned to it, had it been treated in the ordi-
nary way.
Mr. President, I have seen, as you know, much
of public life. At times, circumstances have made
me a more prominent actor in political scenes than
I could have wished. I have been, and my senti-
ments have been, too often denounced for denun-
ciation to carry any alarm or terror to me. Tne de-
nunciation of my friends I should fear; but when-
ever I cease to receive the disapprobation and de-
nunciations of my political enemies, I shall begin
to doubt whether I have not lost my efficiency, and
whether the best servtoe I could render to my coun-
try, would not be my retirement to private life.
Political opponents condemn and censara those who
are most in their way, and interpose the most for-
midable obstacles to the attainment of their favo-
rite objects.   Therefore, in general, it is a rafe role
to say that men and things most condemned by
them, are best deserving the approbation of that
portion of the public wfco are opposed to their
views and schemes.   I did not come into this hono-
rable body, nor was I sent herí, for the purpose of
conciliating the favorable opinion of the Opposition.
On the contrary,  those who bestowed on  me the
high honor of a seat in this body, intended and
expected that I won'd firmly pursue the same course
which I had hitherto taken; that I would support
the same principles I had heretofore uniformly
maintained.   Nor shall they be disappointed.    Let
denunciations come as they may, I shall not devi-
ate in my pnncip'es or my course.  I recollect that,
in the other end of the Capitol, more than a quar-
ter of a century ago, when our country was bleed-
ing at every pore; when our armies were suffering
for supplies which vre had no money to purchase;
when our ranks could not be filled because men of
influence used all their power to prevent loans to-
the Government, and the enlistment of soldiers, I,
in public debate, advanced the sentiment, that
American citizens who thus acted and used  their
influence   to  prevent loans or enlistments,  were
guilty of moral treason.   Then, sir, you remember
how this sentiment was denounced in Congress,
and by the whole Federal pre«s.   Nay, I did not
even escape animadversion from tV sacred desk.
I then believed I was right; and I maintained my
opinion wilh what little ability I possessed.    And
now how is ill   Does any one now doubt the cor-
rectness of what I then said?   If any one does so,
he will scarcely venture at this day to avow a con-
trary sentiment.    So I verily believe it will be with
this report.   The great principles it discusses will
stand the test of the strictest examination; and even
now, gentlemen who condemned the first and great-
er portion of it, will not controvert the soundness
of its principles.   If they disapprove it, why do
they not do this-, why do they not candidly and
manfully discuss its principles?   Instead of so do-
ing, they pronounce it to be unnecessary—to be un-
called for, and  calculated  to produce no  good.
They seem afraid to meet the questions involved
upon their ments. Every sort of evasion is resorted
to. They demur; they plead in abatement; they re-
sott to all the devices which skilful pleaders em-
ploy to get rid of a trial upon the merits of their
cause.   Such   a trial   is  what they dread,  and
dare not meet.   Pursuing this course of opposition,
they assert that no such proposal as the   assump-
tion by  the   General Government   of  the debts
of   the  States  has   been   made   here   or else-
where.   We, on this side of the House, believe
that such a proposition has Dot only been made,
but made in the most formidable and imposing
shape.   This I will now proceed to prove.   For
this purpose, I shall use the extracts from the pub-
lic papers which were read by my honorab'e friend
from Alabama, [Mr. Clay,] a  lew   days since,
when he addressed the Senate upon  this subject.
The New York Herald and the Courier and En-
quirer are known to be papers of high Wh*g au-
thority; they are situated in the great commercial
emporium of the country, in the city where Wall
street is, and where the agents of the British capi-
talists and the principal brokers of this country re-
side, and where more of these State bonds have
been bought and sold than in all the rest of the
Union.   If these papers have advocated the as-
sumption of the State debts by the General Go-
vernment, it may fairly be inferred that a very se-
r.oas intention exists to carry this scheme into ef-
fect.   The New York Herald, m November last,
introduced this subject into its columns, and used
the following language: "This plan is so far ma-
lured by the leaders of the Whig party, as to be
officially promulgated in the Courier and Enquirer
of yesterday morning.   The following extract con-
veys, in petto, the skeleton of the scheme."   Here
is the declaration of a leading Whig paper, pub-
lished in the city of New York, announcing the
fact that the "flan is so fail matured by the
LEADERS OP THE WHIG PARTY AS TO   BE   OFFICIALLY
PROMULGATED   IN   THE   Co CRIER   AND   EnQ,0IRER."
Has this annunciation ever been denied in the city
of New York by any othsr Whig papei? Never,
that I have learned. It is declared not only to be
a Whg measure, but to have been matured by the
leaflets of that par y. N w for the "plan" which
the Herald says was "matured by the leaders of the
Whig party." This is given m the Courier and
Enquirer:
Let the Government of the United States—which means the
people's immediate HepiesenUttives inbothHouses of Congress
—create three hundred millions of stock, bearing an interest of
four per cent per annum, and let this be apportioned among the
States on the principle of Mr. Clay's land bill, thai is, pro Tata,
according to the number of their Senators and Representatives
in Coi gress, and let the proceeds of the sales of the public lands
be set aside and sacredly pledged as a sinking fund foi the re-
demption of thii stock. Let ihe Secretary of the Treasury, or
some other suitable person, be appointed to exchange so
much of this stock as may be ihe pni tion of any State for the
stock of such State now issued andaftet a certain period—say six
months—pay over the balance to the respective States Most
probahly the holilers of some State stocks would not be willing
to makesuch exchanges, and¡ if so, the State would receive its
entire portion; and from the interest annually received on the
United States stock, and sa'es of it from time to time, as their
necessities required, be in a situation to progress at once with all
its public works, whether commenced or only in embryo.
United States stock would then immediately fill the space at
present occupied by about two hundred millions of State stock:
the remaining one hundred millions would be deposited in the
State ftreasunes, and would only be offered for sale as their
public works or ether necessities required, and which the
capitalists of Europe and America would gladly purchase at a
premium.
This is Ihe scheme; this is the plan which the
Herald says was matured by the " leaders of the
Whig party!" and the editor puts down the
State debts at about two handred millions of dol-
lars; and yet the committee has been rebuked,
severely rebuked, for saying that they were esti-
mated at about that sum. I wish the Senate to no-
tice the nature of this proposition. It is not to di-
vide the proc;eds of the public lands among the
States, but it is to create a national debt; to make
United States stock to the amount of three hundred
millions of dolían, which is to be exchanged for
the Sta'e strcks, and the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands are to be set aside and sacredly
pledged as a sinkingfund for the redemption of this
stock. This proposition would not only embrace
the revenue arising from the whole public lands;
but, in case of a deficiency, it Jwould have to be
made up from other sources. Listen, further, to
the language of the Herald; it says:
In illustration ef this great scheme, the Courier goes at length
into its popularity, economy, and means of escape from direct
taxation, which the several States must submit to if the present
system continue. With every view taken on these points, we
cordially eoncur It is the only and efficient system for the fi-
nancial troubles of the age. A new National Bank is as frail as
a fair one of the third tier. We have seen theicoup de grace
given to the rotten fair one in PntMdelphia. Free banks are
equally worthlessand numerous. Safety fund can hardly eover
their nakedness. There is no plan, no écheme, nothing shoit
of a miracle from Heaven, can save the great credit systtm, ex-
cept it be the plan now proposed.
Nor have these views been confined to the city of
New York. The Cincinnati Gazette, the ablest
Whig paper in Ohio, has taken and sustained the
same ground. Am I not safe, then, in affirming
that the leading organs of the Whig party, or at
least many of them, have made the proposition spo-
ken of in the report of the committee, and strongly
urg< d upon the public mind the propriety of its
adoption? But I stop not here. The bankers of
England, Baring, Brothers and Co., who have traded
more in these State stocks, and, perhaps, own more
of them than all other individuals put together, in
their circular, issued last fall, distinctly make the
proposition, and declare:
But if the old scheme of internal improvements in the
Union is to be carried into effect on the vast scale, and with
the rapidity lately projected, and by the means of foreign
capital, a more comprehensive guarantee than that of indivi-
dual States will be required, to raise so large an amount in a short
time.
A national would undoubtedly collect capital together from
all parts of Europe; but the forced sales ol loans, made sepa-
rately by all the individual States in reckless competition through
a number ef channels, render the terms more and more onerous
for all, lower the reputation of American credit, and (as reli-
ance is almost exclusively placed upon the London market)
produce temporary mischief here, by absorbing the floating
capital, diverting money from regular business, deranging
banking operations, and producing an unnatural balance of
trade against this country.
It would seem, therefore, at if most of the; States most
either pause in the execution oí their works of improvement,
or some general system of combination most be adopted.
From this extract it is evident that an assump-
tion of the State debts, or a guarantee of their pay-
ment, was not only proposed, but anxiously desired,
by these vast traoers in A menean stocks. In ad-
dition to all this, a member of the other House
ftommy own State, [M*- «*" *,] «*" nolie#
