228
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Feb. 1840.
26th ComG'-'Ist Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Tallmadge.
Senate.
ceived from the emotions around him, was thought
by gentlrman to beirapracticable; but he begged to
differ m opinion, as he surely did, from gentlemen
on this point. He had known it done elsewhere,
and believed there were in the city of Washington
p.ous minibters enough who would willingly lake
the labor on themselves, without pay or the hope
of pecuniary reward from the Government.
This course Mr. C. said he would favor if he
saw any disposition to sustain him in it; but if the
object could not be effected in that way, he was
nevertheless in favor of the appointment of chap-
lains to that body. The course he had suggested
would doubtless obviate several objections urged to
the resolution. One was the constitutional objec-
tion of the gentleman from Georgia, that this
House possessed no power to appropriate money
to compensate for such services as are performed
by chaplains. He ven'ured to assert, also, that if
his suggestion were acted on, it would remove one
of the objections of his friend from Louisiana,
[Mr. Garland.] In that event, there would be
no party aspirants seeking for the office of chap-
lain for the sake of the salary, but they would
have clergymen officiating there in that holy office
under the impulses alone of a pure spirit of
Christianity.
Mr. C. said that it was true the pre&ent time
was a very appropiate period of the year for
every one to retrospect his life, and to make con-
fession of the evil deeds done in the body; and,
did he deem the present place a proper one for
snch an exposure, he doubted not he should have
as great a weight of sin to confess and ask pardon
for as any other member on that floor. But,
believing that that was not a fit occasion for such a
purpose, he should postpone it to a more conve-
nient place, if not, like all other sinners, to "a more
convenient season."
The gentleman trom Virginia [Mr. Wise] had
syok n of the good effects of prayer in that Hall at
the commencement of each daily round of busi-
ness. He [Mr. C] corroborated that gentleman's
experience, and added his own testimony to sup-
port the assertion. The House, it was said, had
grow.n no be'.'er of late ysars, and therefore it was
inferred that chaplains were of no service. The
consequence attempted to be deduced is not a
legitimate inference from the premises. The
House may have grown worse, j ear after year,
and day after day, bat not in consequence of its
having a chaplain, but rather, it might seem, in
spite of its chaplain, and of all that his best appeals
to Heaven could effect.
Sir, it cannot be that this House will subvert at
this day the ancient and well-founded custom of
electing for itself a chaplain. It is not to be
believed that there is even a large portion of the
members in favor or snch an abrogation of the
good example of all our predecessors; for, although
it is, perhaps, too true as to most of the Represen-
tatives here that they are sinners, which it is
acknowledged is the case with the one now speak-
ing, yet it is equally true, in the language of the
honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,]
as applied to himself, that although we feel that we
are vile sinners, jet we deny that we are not
Christian!'.
In conclusion,'(said Mr. C.) as all the advan-
tages of my motion have been enjoyed, except
a'one the vote thereon, and as it is not at all prob-
able there is a majority of the House favorable
to a reconsideration, and as he was not himself in
favor of the reconsideration, he would at that time
ask the permission of the House to withdraw it,
unless some gentleman desired to record his vote
against the resolution from the Senate.
DEFERRED DEBATE.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, February 25, 1840.
Mi". TALLMADGE presented certain ^solu-
tions of the Legisliture of the State of Ne# York,
adverse to the Independent Treasury bill, &c.
Mr. T. went at much length into an examina-
tion of the policv of the Administration, and the
coohe of, the Execniive in relation to the Sub-
Treasury bill. When in was first broached in the
President's me «sage, in 1837, it was the whole sub-
ject of the message, and in the success of this single
measure was involved the success of all the mea-
sures of his Administration. He brought forward
no other proposition, and it was soon made known
that those who could not support this Sub-Treasury
bill could not support his re-election. He (Mr. T.)
was in a peculiar and trying situation. It was the
first question of moment with which he had differ-
ed witte the President and the supporters of his
Administration. The issue was made, and ihe
people of New York decided against the policy of
the Administration. This was not deemed con-
clusive, and they had again, in 1838, and yet
again, in 1839, pronounced their condemnation of
it. They had thus passed three several times on
the policy of the Executive, and, after all these
decisions, his colleague, [Mr. Wright,] who was
the sole representative of that State on the floor of
the Senate when the Independent Treasury bill was
before them, had voted for its passage. Had he
(Mr. T.) been similarly situated, he would have
felt it his duty to have regarded the expressions of
public sentiment, and have acted differently. That
his colleague was the only renresentative of his
State for so long a period, was not his (RÍr. T's)
fault. The political friends of his colleague had
prevented an election at the last session of the Le-
gislature. At the present it was known that a ma-
jority m both branches were opposed to the Sub-
Treasury bill, and of course it was known that
they would send a Senator here who would repre-
sent their sentiments and those of the people of
State on this subject. He regretted that under
these circumstances the bill should have been
hurried through this body before the State of New
York had an opportunity of being heard. He
saw by ti e newspapers bow it had been hurried
through on the last evening, and when the Senator
from Maryland, at a late hour in the afternoon,
requested the Senate to adjourn, the usual courtesy
on such occasions was denied him. He thought
that such a refusal, under such circumstances, was
unprecedented, in the annals of the Senate.
Mr. BENTON said the Senator was mistaken;
there had been similar refusals, and under much
less excusable circumstances. During the Bank
panic, when the Opposition had the majority in
that chamber, they attempted to break him down
by physical exhaustion; and to prevent it he was
compelled to resort to the u*e of expedients, and
this was done in a sultry day in June,
Mr. TALLMADGE. This occured before
his time, and was probably during the ex-
citing debates on the removal of the deposites;
but he repeated, that under the circumstances,
he regretted that the bill was pas3ed so pre-
cipitately. His colleague was chairman of the
committee who had the bill in charge, and had he
requested some delay on the bill, it would have
been granted, and he would not have been thought
chargeable with a seeming want of courtesy. His
colleague was aware of his election, and should
he not have waited for his arrival here, so that
his Legislature and State should have had
an opportunity of being heard on the bill?
Though these resolutions might not have been
passed at that period, it was perfectly well known
they would pass, and this, it might have been
expected, would have had some influence on his
colleague's course, and if he had not waited for
his (Mr. T's) arrival, he mipht at least have wait-
ed for the expression of the sentiment of the Le-
gislature of his State, especially as his colleague
professes to be of that school of politicians who
recognise the right of instruction. These resolu-
tions explain the objections to the Sub-Tteasury:
they oppose it because its effect will be to pro-
duce two currencies in the country—one appre-
ciated, and the other depreciated. The better
currency of gold and silver coin will be for the
officers of the Government, and the baser, of de-
preciated bank paper, will be for the people.
Add to this the doctrines recently put forth by
those in the confidence df the Executive—that it
is the policy of this Administration to bring
down the wages of labor in this country to a
level with that received by the paupers of Eu-
rope—and it will be seen there is just cause
of alarm to the friends of our free institutions.
Mr. WRIGHT said hs should not have felt
called upon to participate in th s debate at all, had
not the remarks of his colleague, in relation to the
passage of the Independent Treasury bill in this
body, been made personal in their application to
himself; but as they had been so made, it was ne-
cessary that he should make a more minute state-
ment of the facts, and of his own course, in rela-
tion to the action of the Senate upon that measuie,
than he had done upon a former occasion, when
called out from the same quarter.
Preliminarily, however, he was bound to confess,
though he did not pretend to be very well schooled
in questions of courtesy, it did appear to his mind
as somewhat singular that he should be arraigned
for want of courtssy as a Senator, by one who was
not, at the time the transaction complained of oc-
curred, either present, ora member of the body.
The Senate, as then constituted, was the tribunal
to which he was properly, as he was willingly, re-
sponsible for the propriety or impropriety of his
conduct upon that and all other occasions, when
he acted here. Those who were then Senators, and
were present, saw and heard, and could judge.
Upon their judgments he was willing to rest the
matter. To them, and to them only, was he
amenable for his course: and he would now tell his
colleague, as he had told him upon a former occa-
sion, that he would not discuss, on this floor, with
him or any other man, the propriety of his acts
within these walls, touching any matter transacted
here when the complainant was not a member of
the Senate. This, he hoped, would end this matter
between him and his colleague here. If the gen-
tleman chose to discuss this, or any other topic,
touching his cour?e and conduct, elsewhere, he
was at liberty to do so. The choice of the time,
place, and manner, were open to him. Elsewhere,
he might have rights in the matter, and he presumed
he would know how to exercise them wisely; but
here, he could have none.
As, however, his course upon the occasions al-
luded to had been characterized as "precipitate
and wanting in courtesy," it was due to himself,
and to those who constituted the Senate at that
time, that he should detail somewhat minutely the
facts in relation to the action of the body upon the
Independent Treasury bill, during the present ses-
sion, that his constituents and the country might
know with how much propriety this charge had
been preferred. For this purpose he would ask the
indulgence of the Senate for a few moments.
The Senate met and was organized on the 2d day
of December last. Through the kindness of the
honorable Senator who then occupied the Presi-
dent's chair, and the indulgence of the Senate, he
had been honored with the same place upon the
standing committees of the body which he had oc-
cupied for several previous sessions, bestowed
upon him, as the then presiding officer could testify,
without solicitation from himself. This necessarily
placed before the committee of which he was a
member the reference of that part of the annual
message of the Piesident which related to the
finances of the country, and consequently which
related to the Independent Treasury bill. Thus
situated, if it had been his object to escape the in-
fluence of the powerful talents of his colleague ia
opposition to the measure, the charge should have
been that he was dilatory, and not "precipitate;"
for it was not until the 6 h day of January, more
than a month after the meeting of the Senate, that
the bill was reported from the committee. On the
following day, the 7th of January, the Legislature
of his State was to assemble, and he could not fail
to know that among their first acts would be the
election of a Senator.
By the direction of the committee, it became his
dnty to report the bill; and by the same d.restion,
he gave notice that its consideration would be
moved on that day week. The day arrived, the 13th
of January, and passed, and on the 14th the bill
was called up. Some discussion was had in refe-
rence toapcs'ponement for two weeks to give time
for absent S- nators to arrive, and for vacancies to
be filled, and refer:nce was made to the vacancy
existing from his own Slate.   He.infórmed'the Se-
