Feb. 1839.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
26th Cowc-lsT Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Pappan.
Senate.
nate that his action, thus far, had be*-n under the
order of the committee; that having discharged
their order, he now cheerfully submitted the whole
matter to the disposition of the Senate; that it
would give him pleasure to have a colleague here
before the bill should be finally acted upon, ad
that he should now be in the daily expectation of
t e news of an eleciion and of the arrival of the per-
son appointed to take his seat in the body; that he
did not consider it proper for him to urge any
coune upon the Senate; nor should he, any iaither
than to give his individual vote upen the question
of postponement. This course on his part called
forth, at the time, expressions of approbation from
a distinguished Senator of the Opposition, [Mr.
Clay cf Kentucky,] not now in his seat. The bill
was under the consideration of the Senate daily,
from the 14th to the 17th of January, when the
question upon its engrossment was taken. This
was Friday of the week, and after the question was
declared, he, in violation of the wishes and feelings
of a large pertion of his friend , moved that when
the Senate adjourn, it adjourn to meet on Monday,
instead of Saturday, thus deferring the question
upon the final passage of the bill to the following
week. The motion prevailed. He entertained not
a single doubt then that he should have a colleague
present by the Monday to which the Senate stood
adjourned.
The Monday came, but not bis colleague. The
bill was again taken up, and the discussion upon
its final passage was continued from day to day,
until Thursday, the 23d of January, when the ques-
tion was taken, and the bill parsed. On that day
an «ffort was made to adjourn the Senate to give
further time for the Senator from Maryland [Mr,
Mxkrick] to discuss the bill; and when the ques-
tion was taken upon the motion to adjourn, he
purposely left his seat, and did not vote.
Now, as to his conduct towards his colleague,
who bad chosen to make himself the author of
these charges of "precipitancy" and "want of
courtesy." On the evening of Saturday, the 25th
o" January, two days after the bill in question had
finally passed the Senate, the mail from the North
brought him a letter, dated at the Astor House, in
the city of New York, on the 23d, the day on which
the final question upon the bill was taken here,
signed by his colleague, giving the information
'that he was detained in New York by ill health,
(that being the first information of that character
which had reached Mr- W.) and requesting that the
final question upon this bill might be postponed to
await his arrival, which would be on the Monday af-
ter. But a few moments had elapsed, after the letter
reached his hands, when be was informed that the
same train of cars which brought the letter, brought
also bis colleague to the city.
Upon this s'ate of facts, well known to the Sena-
tor by a former explanation here, he rises in bis
place and again makes the charge of "precipitancy
and want of courtesy." To such a charge, under
such circumstances, and coming from such a
quarter, he had no reply to make.
His statement of facts had been made to justify
himself to his constituents and the country; it bad
been made to those who were Senators when the
transactions took place, and could judge of the ac-
curacy of his account of the matter. To his col-
league he owed neither explanation, nor reply, to
this repetition of such a charge.
It would be seen that some time had been al-
lowed, after the meeting of the New York Legis-
lature, and before the final action of the Senate
upon the bill in question, for the filling of that va-
cancy, and the arrival of the elected Senator to
take his place in the body.
He would leave to his colleague the duty of in-
forming the Senate and the country at what time
his election had taken place; at what time the no-
tice of the fact had reached him; what time was oc-
cupied by him in travelling from the place of his
residence to the city of New York; what number of
days ill health had confined him there; and all the
other facts, which would account to their common
constituents for his late arrival to take his seat in
the Senate. He had not taken the pams to make
inquiries into these facts, nor were they such as it
' became him to enlighten the Senate about. He did
not doubt the ability of his colleague to give the in-
formation, which seemed to be called for before he
6hould become an accuser of others; but it was at
his option to give the information, or to withhold
it. To him (Mr. W.) neither course had any im-
portance, nor had he any desire upon the subject.
The facts were within the reach ot those to whom
they owed a common responsibility; and they would
make up no judgment upon either side, without
giving them their true weight and consideration.
He had no disposition to follow his colleague
into the discussion of the Independent Treasury bill
upon this occasion. The subject was not new to
either, and the views of both were fully known to
their common constituents. He has further thought
it proper to discuss again most of the subjects upon
which we have differed since we became members
together of this bedy. He (Mr. W.) would not
follow him in this review. He had been, and con-
tinued to be, content with their first discussions, and
would rest himself upon them.
His colleague has said, with some apparent feel-
ing and triumph, that he, Mr. W. had, upon those
occasions, proposed to refer their differences to their
constituents, and not make them the subjects of de-
bate and irritation here. He had done so; and he
certainly had not regretted the reference. It was
one which his duty, not less than bis feelings,
prompted him to make, and it was made to those
who would take cognizance of them without their
consent.
The Senator said their constituents had decided,
thrice decided. Be it so. He had not questioned
the assertion, nor was he to do so upon this occa-
sion. He had not claimed to stand with the ma-
jority in his State, nor had he manifested any dis-
position, nor did he entertain any wish, to dispute
the standing of his colleague in that particular. He
felt no ambition to change places, or positions. He
said now, as he had said before, leave our public
acts to the determination of those common consti-
tuents, and not undertake to settle them here.
His colleague seemed to manifest peculiar anxi-
ety to learn whether he would obey instructions
from the Legislature of the State; a doctrine, he
said, which originated m the school to which he,
Mr. W. belonged. He was free to avow the doc-
trine of instructions as belonging to his school, bnt
the present remarks of his colleague were the first
intimation he had received that he too did not be-
long to that same school, upon this point at least. He
was sorry to be compelled to infer that here again a
difference was to grow up between them, as it
seemed to threaten an entire separation in principle
as well as practice.
He was aware that this answer had not exactly
reached the object of his colleague, and that he de-
sired him to speak particularly of the resolutions of
their Legislature now before the Senate. This it
was not his purpose t* do at present, and the only
relief he could give him now, was to inform him
that when legislative instructions should call for it,
he should he ready to act promptly and decisively.
Mr. TAPPAN said that the Senate had been
repeatedly charged with precipitation and want ef
courtesy in relation to the passage of the Indepen-
dent Treasury bill. He would not have thought
these charges worthy of notice if they had only
been made by those who were not members of this
body when the bill passed; but as the same impres-
sion had been attempted to be made by others, he
would briefly state the facts as they actually oc-
curred. On the Thursday that the bill passed,
after the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Hender-
son] had spoken in opposition to the bill, and de-
livered an elaborate argument in favor of a United
States Bank, I observed, said Mr. T. "that the Se-
nate seemed tired of the debate; that I had intended
to speak on that subject, and had made some pre-
paration for that purpose, but was not prepared
then to address the Senate; and from the little at-
tention paid to the labored argument of the Sena-
tor from Mississippi, I should conclude that the
Senate did not desire to hear any moTe speaking,
but would prefer to take the question that evening.
I said that it was my own opinion that we had
spent time enough on the bill, and that we ought
then to proceed to a final vote upon it; but if the
Senate thought otherwise, and the debate was to be
continued, I would, on to-morrow, take occasion to
submit my views; that at present I would give
way to any gentleman who desired then to address
the Senate." The Senator from Maryland then
took the floor, and afier making a few remarks,
moved an adjournment, which was not agreed to.
He then proceeded to make a very strong speech
against the bill, and when he had spoken long
enough for a reasonable sized speech, he gave way,
and the member from Indiana made a motion to
adjourn. This was also negatived, and the Sena-
tor from Maryland then proceeded until he had
finished his remarks. After him, the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] addressed the Senate
with much ingenuity in opposition to the bill,
and when he had concluded, no other gentleman
seeming desirous to speak on the subject, the bill
was passed.
As to the remark of the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Merrick,] which was published several days
since, and not disavowed by him, that he [Mr. T.]
declined to address the Senate at all on the sub-
ject, he must say, without supposing it other than
a mistake in the Senator, it was not true. He
made no such declaration. Eut the Senator from
New York seems to think that his State is the whole
Union, and that the Senate should lay by, and not
presume to transact any important business, until
the State of New York was fully represented here.
Now, he was as willing as any Senator to admit
the claim of that great State to be treated with all
proper respect; but if both her Senators were not
here to participate in the transaction of the busine-s
of the nation with the Representatives of the 35 other
independent States, it not the fault of this body, and
he saw no reason why the business of this great
Confederacy should be delayed on that account.
But the Senator says "he has been in a peculiar
and trying situation." Has he indeed been in a
"peculiar and trying situation 1" and, for that rea-
son, could not get here sooner? What brought him
into that situation ? What was its peculiarity 1
What was its trying nature? He has not told
us; on that we are left to conjecture. But the
Senator's course has not been hidden from public
view—it has been open to the world. Did the Se-
nator suspect he could go through a cemplete trans-
formation, and be insensible to the change ? Why,
sir, we are so constituted that we cannot choose
but feel, and feel deeply, all great revolutions in
our circumstances. If a man, with an apparent
zeal and honesty, advocates any cause for a series
of years, so as to make himself not only con-
spicuous among the advocates, of that cause,
but one of the most honored, distinguished, and
trusted of those advocates; if in this way he
identifies himself with a great party, with the ma-
jority of his countrymen, and then, without any
reason, or for reasons common sense scouts as frivo-
lous and unmeaning, he abandons (I will not say
bis priciples, for such men have no principles)
his party connections, all those he had professed
to love and honor, joins his and their former
enemies, and is the loudest and most unprincipled
calumniator of his former associates, do you think
he can do all this, without feeling that he has
placed himself "ina peculiar and trying situation?
No, sir, no; human nature is much the same in
all; we are so constituted thst we cannot decend
from a life of honor and virtue to acts of base
turpitude and wickedness, without feeling our-
selves in "a peculiar and trying situation."
Do you think, sir, that Benedict Arnold
did not find himself in " a peculiar and
trying situation," when he resolved to be-
tray his country, to abandon his high and ho-
norable station, as the gallant soldier of liberty, and
snk into utter infamy? Undoubtedly he did; and
although he burned and plundered the villages and
towns of his countrymen with vavage ferocity, to
ingratiate himself with his new friend', if you
could have heard the voice of his conscience, it
would have told you that he found himself in a
peculiar and trying situation."
When, Mr, a public man steers his course by the
pelar star of principle, he may be misunderaeod;
he may be misrepresented; he may lose his popu-
larity; but he does not lose his honor, his self-pes-
esion and dignity.   If public favor is withdrawn
