tíO
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1840.
$6tu CoNO-«««l9T Sess.
Independent Treasu y—Mr Davis.
Senate.
frombira, he re'ires to private life, and enjoys the
calm and peace of a mind at eas°, and conscious of
rectitude; he is not reaching out bis "itching palm,"
and whining about his "pecu íar and trying si na-
tion."
And if, indeed, the Senator has chosen to place
himself in so ve y peculiar and tr> ing a si uation,
it gives him no authority to m srepresent the mo-
Urea or actions of tho.e with whom he had been
associated, although it may entitle him to the pity
of a 1 men of honor and integrity.
Mr- MERRICK, said that the Senator from Ohio,
in thecouise ot hs remarks, had tad that a par-
ticular staument in hi* (Mr. MV) published speech
"was not true.'1 He wished to inquire of the
Senator whether, by this remark, he intended to
charge him with an intention to misrepresent facts.
Mr TAPPAN s aid that he was a plain spoken
man, and would say, w.th Martin Luther, that "he
generally Galled a spade a spade;" but he did not
•ay, or  upp< se, that the Senator intentionally mis
représemed the facts: he only spoke of ihem as
they were.
Mr MERRICK then pave a brief history of the
•vents previous to the passage of the bill. Having
Mated that it was half after five o'clock when he
moved *h • adjournment.
Mr. TAPPAN said the S naior was mistaken in
the hour, it was a boat a qaaiter past three
•'clock.
8everal Seoa'ors said that was about the time.
Mr. TALLMADGE appealed to the Senate,
whether he had not,-in all hi* intercourse with
aerobe s, treated them wi.h the courtesy which
gentlemen owed to each other, and to the station
they occupied. He was not ia the habit of using
harsh woids there or e'sewhere. He had no com-
plaint to make of his colleague rn thi< score. He
would say that, as far as p<tr'iamri,t-ry and indi-
vidual ciutte y were corcrnee, no man carried it
further thanhs codeasue. It was hs uniform
manner and he cheerfully awtrdtd this to him
B t, said Mr. T.my c league his m sipprehend'd
mi if he understood me as raying ihai he btkngid
to a school w hich avowed th-  doctrine ot íastruc-
t on, wh 1- I belonged to a diffetent school. I said
no such ih n*. But when we see Sen ¡tors, who
are professedly g'eal admi'er  of the right of m-
st i action, qnibb ing for want ot a technical w< rd,
our confidence in the d< ctnne w*s a good deal
shaken. He did not say h s col'eague wou'd do
this, but there had been instances of it in the Se-
nate. If 1 received instructions, I would at once
carry outl the wishes of my 8tate, or give her an
opportunity of filling my place with an ther who
would lepresent her truly.
He was sorry that the Senator from Ohio had
thought it his duty to in'ermeJdle in this family
affair; and he would leave i' to the Senate whether
it was done with pariiameataiy or individual cour-
tesy. The term traitoi had bet n applied t him by
political slang-whanje-s, but he did not expect to
hear it from one who had sufficient rtspectabihry
of ch*r?c*er to obtain a seat on this floor. Ttai or
to what? To principle? No: a traitor to party. And
for a difference in political sentiment, am I to be
branded as a tra.toi? to be compared to Arnold?
The Senator talk* of what he knows no'hing about,
and reminds me of a certain British If rd's puppy,
who did not get his eyes open un'il he was about to
be drowned. But the Senator is the vcr, pf r oin-
flcation of Loco Focoum. He professes to be one
of the Simon Pures of that school. He also pro-
fesses another rr>nc p'e, which is a very natural
one for a Loco Foco. I have seen it s'a'ed. in the
newspapers, that when the news of the Southamp-
ton insurrection reached Ohio, the Senator ex-
pressed on willingness to furnish powder and ball
t* the negroes This feeling was only carrying
out the destructive doctrines of Loco Focoism.
He represents me as saying that New York is
the whole Union, and that all legislation must stop
•ntil the h fully represented. I said no snch thing,
and pronounce it a misrepreseriution—uninten-
tional no doubt. It is likely if that Senator had
his way, one Senator would be thought sufficient
for New York, providel he be alway* right. He
would not follow the example of the Senator from
Ohio, and invade her territory: there is one there
already who is used to repel invaders, and he will
take care of tha gentleman. He calls me a tr utor-
If I am a traitor, then are the peop'e of New York,
whose renresentative I am, a tra tor. Let him
come within her borders and say this to her sons,
and they will treat him wuh the scorn and con-
tempt he deserve*.
Mr. HENDERSON rose to a point of order.
He would inquire of the Chair whether he consi-
dered the cou>seot rermrks now indulged in as
being wi hin the rules of order.
The CHAIR stated that he had avo ded any in
terference, because he trusted to the Senate to pre-
serve l's own dignity and the crder of the body.
Ht relied on the sense of honor and decorum of
the Senators to treat each oiher with that respect
and courtesy which is alike due to each other as
gentlemen and the station they rccupied. Since the
Senator fom Mississippi, however, had raised the
point of order, he would say that he considered th?
remaiks of the Senator from New York as tran-
scending the limit* of parliamentary courtesy. He
regretted to be compelí'd to say this, but it was a
duty imposed upon him by the position he held as
the presiding officer of the body, and when he knew
his dotv he could d:«charge it.
Mr. T\LLMADGE approved of the sentiments
of the Cnair, and would endeavor to observe his
injunctions. All he had said was to repel the rude
a'tack of the Senator from Ohio. Mr. T. then
went into a hbtory of his difference with the Pre>i-
dent on the Sub-Treasury bill. He said his cour e
in relati.n to that bill was taken by the advice and
sa' c ion of the highest political authority in his
tJta'e; but since that time, these very men who
urged him to the course, had denounced him as a
deserter.
Mr TAPPAN. The Senator from New York
charge-mrt with * interfering between him and hs
colleague," with " invadmg hi* Sia'e," w>th med-
dlin? With rew Yirk politics. The Senator rose in
his place ani uttered a long and rambling «peeih,
in which he censured his co'league, and in no very
modera e terms chirgel the majority of this Senate
with having passed ihe Independent Trea-ury Bill
precipi'ately, and witk the di>h« nest purpose of
preventing him irom recording h s vcite agains: it.
Was I to sit heie, sir, a silent listener to his foul
slanders of the majority of this bodv, with which I
had acted? Are we bound to submit to a'l manner
of contumely and reproach? No, s r, no; the Sena-
tor sha 1 exercise no such privilege here without
the rebuke he merits. I interfere! not between
him and his colleague; T íavaded not his S ate; I
meddled not With New York politics: but I m-
f jrm"d the Senator that there were other S ates in
this Union than New York, and other Senators
here whose n hts ware to be regarded, besides him
whom his fi'e leader pronounced fresh from the
people.
But the Senator c implains that I apply "odious
epi'hets to him." I have applied no epithetv. I
have supposed what might have been the cause of
his finding himse'f in so "very peculiar and tr>-
mg a s tuation1' as he confe sed he had been in for
some t me past, I did not say that his conduct
and character wen paralleled by the conduct and
character of Benedict Arnold. It is the Se-
nator's own conscience wh-ch adopts th s pa-
rallel: it is he that makes the hypothetical cas; his
own The Senator says he is always courteous in
d bate. What are his ideas of courtesy? He has
made several speeches here since he took his seat,
and what were they? The most low and vu'gar
abuce of all his old friends and associ ties, a tirade
of newspaper slang and pot-house vituperation,
with frequent and most complacent reference to
''his speech"—a speech, when and where deli-
vered, I neither koow nor wish to know; but I
can tell the Senator this: I never heard of
"his speech" before, and, if it is as vulgar and
abusive as the speeches he delivers here, he would
dj well to let it pass into oblivion wittiout awaken-
ing a reco lec'ion of it, which can do him no ho-
nor. "Courteous in debate!" I submit to no
such courtesy. In my life, sir, I rave never heard
any man speak in public who was more abusive,
more calumnious, more careless, in his asser ions;
he must breóme courteous himself before he claims
to be treated with courtesy by o'hers. 1hs Sena-
tor calls himse'f a Democratic Whig, and says I
am a Loco Focc. I am indifferent what ht calls
rre; my enenves cannot change my name; near
fifiy year* I ha\e belonged to a party devoted to
ihe support of sounl Democratic pnnc p'es. We
were called Democrats by way of reproach. What
was intended as a stigma, we adhered to us an ho-
nor; we cher sh the name; it designates principles.
We do not change our name annually as
the serpent changes his skin. I am a Demo-
crat, simply and purely; not, thank God, a Demo-
cratic Whig, nor a Whig Democrat.
But the Senator has tefeneJ to a stale slander
that he has picked up in -ome newspaper or other.
I will not descend to answer a charge made on such
authority. I woull scarcdy not.ee any charge on
the authority o' th1 Sera or himself—much less the
stones which he p cks up out of Whig newspapers.
No, sir, when a charge i- brought against me, it
must hive an endi rs-i. an I a good and substantial
endorser, and then 1 w 11 an-wer it.
The Senator has asserted that the policy of the
Administration tend- t-> the tstabU-hment of " one
currency for the Governme t and another for the
people." One cur-ency lor ihe Government and
another for the people! Who are the pec p'e? Are
you, Mr. President, and is he not one of tfe people?
Does the mere fact of his holding a seat in thi> bedv,
raise a man above the level of the people? Sir, he
may have a seat on thu floor, and yet be in cha-
racter and standing, among h.s fellow men, even
btlow the average of the people of his own State.
This has been an oft-repeated charge, that the
Democatic party have established one cur-
rency for the Government and another for
the people: that, while we pay our elves in
gold and s lver, the great mass of the community
are compelled to use a depreciated currency. He
would admit that the fact exists of two currencies:
one the constitutional currency, the other the cir-
rency of private companies; but who«e fault is ill
Did the Government or the Democratic party e*ta-
bliih the State banks? The banks of all the States,
exc pt Ohio, south of New Yt^, have refused tc-
redtem their paper, and they are now fighting
against resumption, and endeavoring to supersede
the constitutu nal currency wi'h their irredeemable
trash. And we find the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Tallmaoge ] and the party of which
the Senator has become a member, associated
with these banks, and giving them their
countenance and support in their effort to
suppress the circulation of the legal cur-
rency of the ciuntry. With a disregard of
all truth and decency, the Administration
are charged with causing this state of things. But
I thank the Senator for his taunt, and I hope it
will be remembered and profited by. The banks
even in this District, where we have exclusive ju-
risdictions refuse to redeem their notes, and he
(Mr. Tappan) hoped, when the subject came
up for considerat'on, as it wou'd shortly, that Se-
nators would, so far as their legislation is con-
cerned, relieve themselves from the odium of being
instrumental in establishing " one currency for the
Government and another for the people;" ihat they
would sanction but one currency for the Govern-
ment and the pe >ple, and tiat a good and sub-
stantial one. I have no more to say, sir; my object
has been ti lepel an unjust and unprovoked at-
tack, to let the Senator know that if he indulges
himself in such attacks on me and my friends, he
most expect to be answered plainly and promptly.
1 go no further; for, from ray toul, I pity the man,
who, to court the favor jm new associates, finds
it necessary to abuse an£ vilify his old ones.
On motion by MiyWRlGHT, the resolutions
were ordefcd to be rj/nted, and laid on the table.
REPLY 0F Maf'DAVI3 TO Mr. BUCHANAN.
On the|thijdT day of March, Mr. Buchanan, of
Pennsylvania, emered into an argument, in the Se-
nate of i|*njnited States, to prove that his views
and op nfons were misrepresented in a speech of
Mr Davis, of Massachuset's, delivered on the 23d
of January last in reply to Mr. B. on the sub-Trea-
sury bill.
