Feb. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233
26th Cong.......1st Skis.
State Debts—Mr. Strange.
Senate.
cause in which to draw it. I should be happy to
fight open the same side with the Senator from
Kentucky, did not sad experience convince me that
if I ever do so.'I must be content to take the wrong
one.
As usual, the debate upon the report and resolu-
tions submitted by the cha'rman of the Select
Committee, the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Grundy,] has taken a very discursive tange, and
the whole field of party strife has been traversed
as suited the tastes of the varióos speakers. Upon
lb first introduction, the report was met by the
most extraordinary fusilade ever witnessed in this
chamber, and the vigor of the attack plainly indi-
cated the heart cherished value of the objects
against which the report and resolutions were
levelled. And yet the resolutions contain four
simple propositions, which the report sustains by
able and unanswerable arguments. The first three
of these propositions are:
1. Re*ottei, That vhs assumption, directly er indirectly, by
the General Government, of the debts which save been, or may
be, contracted by the States for local objects or State purposes,
would be unjuBt, boih te the States and to the people
2 Resolved, That such assumption would be highly inex-
pedient, and dangerous to the union of the States
3. Retalved, That such assumption would be wholly un-
authorized by, and in violation of, the Cnns'ltution of the
United States, and utterly repugnant to all the objects and pur-
poses for which the Federal Union was formed.
Neither of these propositions had any one
the temerity openly to question, and with all the
fearlessness a-cribed by the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Crittenben] to American Senators,
in the discharge of official duty, and justly, as I
trust, no one here has been bold enough to dispu'e
the trvth of either of them.
But it is said their assertion in this form, and at
this time, is irregular, unnecessary, and impolitic
Irregular, because no legislative action is proposed,
either by the report or the resol a (ions. This is an
extraordinary objection to come from a party who
passed the resolution, condemnatory of General
Jackson, through this body, by acclamation. It k
true that resolution was subsequently expunged,
but the ground of its expanction was not that it
contemplated no legislative action. But is it tiue,
that our duty here is confined to the mere passage
of laws? Does the steerage of the vessel of State
depend exclusively upon the passage of laws? And
if not, is Cengress to leave that steerage to othei
hands, and take no thought of the direction in
wh ch the vessel is tending? If, from the look out
point which it occupies, it beholds rocks and
shoals, and whirlpools, and quicksands lying before
her, is no warning voice to be lifted up? Can there
be a doubt that this is one of the most important
daties wdiich our constituents expect us to perform;
that we «hould make diligent use of all the taleats
which God has given us, and of the advantages
of our position, to search out political truth, keep
it steadily in view, and proclaim it to our fel-
low-citizens? Does not the whole usage of the
nation prove it to be so? In my opinion, sir, were
we to neglect this, we should neglect the most im-
portant half of  ur duty. The report and resolu-
tions then are not irregular, unless, as is further
ooatended, they are unnecessary.
They are denounced as unnecessary because the
assumption of the State debts by the General Go-
vernment has never been contemplated by any
one. Who that has looked upon the signs of
the times can feel this security? Are not the
newspapers of a certain class full of suggestions
upon this subject, and have not the circulars ef
bankers been put forth indicating its propriety and
even its necessity? But the Senator from Ken-
tucky, who addressed us some days ago, [Mr
Cut,] demands, with an appearance of score, if
we are to pay any attention to newspaper sug-
gestions or bank circulars? I answer, unhesitat-
ingly, yes. He asks if our action is to be at all
affected by them ? Again I answer, yes. The day
has gone by when the press is nothing, or money
kings are to be despised. The latter great person-
ages plant their feet upon tbe necks of those who
control empires. How long has it been since the
stamp of a banker's foot and his declaration that, if
a certain war was declared, he would not be seen
again for many menths upon 'change, had an im-
portant bearing upon the measures of one of the
first powers in Europe ?   This happened on the
other side of the Atlantic; but are we without si-
milar experience on this?   Is it for us, yet panting
after a struggle with one of these mammoth pow-
ers, to affect to despise them?   Is it for us, who
have lately witnessed bulletins and proclamations
and letters issuing from the marble palace, agitat-
ing the vast political mass in our country, as the
ocean is stiired up by the breath of the storm, lo
talk about being regardless of bankers1 circulars?
And when we hear the murmur of the coming
tornado, are we  to wait until it strike* us before
we prepare ourselves te meet it in safety?   When
we see the opiates preparing for the people, and
the chains being forged which are to bind them in
endless slavery, is it our duty to wait until ihe
drugs have been administered and the chains fas-
tened not only upon their limbs, but around their
hearts, till they are bound to the earth, manacled
and  fettered, before we  warn them of their dan-
ger?   No one  contemplates assuming the State
debts by the General Government t   Did not the
Senator from Kentucky, who addressed   us the
other day, [Mr. Clay,] pour forth notes of lamen-
tation over ihe hapless condition of the States,
pres ed down with debt ?   One might have almost
fancied   them the plaintive exclamations  of the
poetic King of Israel over the untimely fate of
his son Absalom. Did he not speak of the intimate
relationship existing between the States and the Gene-
ral Government? Were not the States commended
to eur sympahy, and spoken of as bone of our bone
and fle.-h of our flesh?   That if one suffers, all
partake of the suffering'? &c.     And   why was
all this ?   From the fullness of the heart the mouth
speaketh.    Why speak to us of the woes of fie
States, and the sympathy due to them, if we were
not expected to bring relief1    Do men spend their
breath in detailing their grievances, and appealing
to tbe pity of those from whom they expect no-
thing?   A politician, as old, and experienced, and
skilful, as the Senator from Kentucky, speaks not
without an object; and, to me, the inference is
clear, that, like leaven, his words are cast into
the mass to create a ferment in the public mind
until it throws out some food for the cravings of the
States, or rather of the British bankers.   The ob-
jection,then,that these resolutions were unnecessary,
is as groundless as the one that they are irregular.
And this is further conclusively proven by the third
objection brought against them, to wit, that they
are impolitic.   How impolitic?   Because, forsooth,
they will injure the credit of the States     It cannot
be  the mere declaration that the States owe so
much money that can injure their credit, because that
was before a matter of public notoriety. The debts
of Governments, and especially free Governments,
can never be a secret to any one who desires to
know the truth.   They are contracted in the face
of day, and are evidenced by records continually
spread open in the broad light of the sun.   What,
then, is the|d «crediting mattei?   It is the declara-
tion that this Government will not assume to pay
them.   But if it was known  and believed before
that this Gevernment wou'd not assume to pay
them; if the conviction was firm and unwavering,
would a declaration to that effect eperate in any
way upon any mind?   Surely not.   Suppose this
Government were to declare that it would not as-
sume to pay the debt of Great Britain; would that
effect the credit of Great Britain?   No!   And no
one imagines that it would.   Why?   Because the
wildest visionary that ever lived, never for a mo-
ment imagined that the Government of the United
States would assume tbe British debt.   If, then,
the public mind on both sides of the Atlantic were
equally clear of the impression that the General
Government would assume the debts of the States,
as that it would assume the debts of Great Britain,
could tbe credit of the States be any more affected
by the declaration that she will not assume their
debts, than would be the credit of Great Britain by
a similar declaration?   Surely not. The argument,
then, that the credit of the States will be affected
by the declaration that the General Government
will not assume their debts, must be founded upon
the supposition that such an expectation exists
somewhere.    Now, as it is admitted on the ether
side that no one ought to have the folly to costead
for such assumption, it follows that such an expec-
tation is erroneous. And is it right and just to suffer
any one to remain under it? If no one entertains
this expectation, the declaration that it is erroneous
is at lea=t harmless; and if any one does entertain
it, it is but just to apprize them of iheir error.
But the secret that such an impression does exist
iomewhere,and the true origin of that impression,are
disclosed farther by a metaphor resorted to by the op-
ponents of the^e resolutions to show their impolicy.
They speak of this Government being the father, and
the States the children.    From this figure the prin-
ciple   of  consolidation   is   distinctly seen   peep-
ing out,   and its fallacy ought  to   be   at  once
exposed.    Does the son beget the father, or the fa-
ther the son? Is the procreator or the offspring an-
terior in existence?   There can be but one answer
to these questions.      Now  as the S ates made the
General Government, and not the Gpneral Govern-
ment the State Governments, and as the State Go-
vernments existed  for  years before the General
Government, the General Government cannot be
the father of the Stale Governmen s.   But waiving
the correctness of the figure for the present, for the
sake of argument let it be conceded that the re'a-
tionship does exist as supposed.     Assuming this,
the argument on the other side is, that it is impoli-
tic and unkind for a father to proclaim the indebt-
edness of his chi dren, and declare in advance that
he will not assume their debts.    But in this argu-
ment two important facts are overlooked in the case
of the particular family spoken of, viz: in the first
place that the indebtedness of the children is knowa
to every one before the father speaks, and in the
next place that the father cannot speak to his chil-
dren without all the world hearing him.     The
question then arises whether such a f*ther, know-
ing that his children were largely indebted, and
that designing persons were endeavoring to per-
suade them that it was the duty of the father and
the interest of the whole family that be should as-
sume their debts, while he himself firmly believed
that  such   a   step   would   be   ruinous   to  all,
and unjust to   many branches   of   it, he ought
not to warn his children against listening to perni-
cious counsels—counsels tending to render them
indolent and extravagant—and distinctly to ap-
prise them that, according to his views of justice,
expediency, and the family relationship, such a
thing was totally inadmissible?   So much for the
firbt three resolutions.
4 'Resolved, That to set apart the public lands, or the reve-
nues arising therefrom, for the beforementioned purposes,
would be equally unjust, inexpedient, and unconstitutional.
And here the gentlemen on the other side make
their stand and fight against the resolution, and in-
sist that it is both constitutional, just, and expedi-
ent, to distribute the prreeeds ot the public lands
among the States. On all these points I take issue.
1. I say it is unconstitutional. Why? I assume
it as a political axiom, disputed by no one, that
this Government has no power to raise money for
any other purposes than those set forth in the Con-
stitution which gave that Government existence.
I assume further, what I suppose no one will ques-
tion, that distribution among the States ia not one
of those purposes. Does it not follow, as an inevi-
table conclusion of right reason, that whatever
might be tbe constitutional power of Congress over
a fund on hand, which it was evident could never
be absorbed in the proper outlay ef the Govern-
ment, it would be a manifest breach of all constitu-
tional trust to make such a distribution when the
effect would be to create a necessity for raising fur-
ther sums by taxation to supply the place ef those
so diverted by distribution?
But I understood the Senator from Kentucky,
who addressed us the other day, [Mr. Clay,] to
consider a portion of these lands as a specific trust
to be applied to certain purposes distinctly pointed
out in the deeds of cession.
The following is the language used in. the cession made by
the State of Virginia, on the first day of March, seventeen hun-
dred and eighty four, to wit "That all the. lands within the
territory so ceded to the United States, and net reserved orap
propnated to any of the beforementioned purposes, oranpoeea
of m bounties to the officers and soldiersi of tbe American.«my,
shall be considered as a common fundi, for the use and benefit
of such of the United States as have j  J"«S °r shaH become,
members of the Confederation or Federal «lUaoce oTsaid
States, Virginia inclusive, according to the usual  ep*ctiva
)wPrtiom in üie general charge end expenditure, and shall be
