té
it
té. 1840.__________
£6th Cono.......IstSbss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GtÓBÉ.
&&
State Debts—Mr. Strange.
State.
•oodness, in their next legislative elections, to
keep this question distinctly before them, and cast
ibeir voles accordingly; and to their decision,
whatever it may be, I will bow with filial submis-
aon. It is not likely that I shall often again trou-
ble the Senate until that decision is made; and
in conclusion of what may be the last add i ess I shall
ever make it, I ask pardon of the Senate for hav-
ing so long and so nnprofitably occupied its time.
On the day after the remarks of Mr. Strange,
Mr. Tallmadge of New York addressed the Se-
nate and, in the course of his speech, was pleased
to consider the observations of Mr. Strange upon
the Federal practice of feasting|* sarcastic allu-
sion to the entertainments given to the President
daring his summer tour through his native State—
indulging at ihe same time in some very coarse re-
marks opon the President, which were understood
by Mr. Strange to charge the President with in-
gratitude to his native State, and of having played
the traitor towards it.
In reply, Mr. Strange said: I should not have
again so soon troubled the Senate, Mr. President,
had not the Senator from New York [Mr. Tall-
madgi] done me the honor to notice sume of my
remarles made on yesterday, perverting ihem to a
far d fferent sense from that iu which they were
used by me. He was pleased to suppose that I had
some sarcastic allusion to the entertainments given
to the President during his tour, last summer,
through the State ot New York. These entertain-
ments were altogether different from the Federal
feasts to which I alluded. The latter seem to be
given for no object but to produce effect, and act
upon elections; the former, were the mere rendition
of courtesy and the outpouring of, good feeling to-
wards a distinguished fellow citizen, upon his re-
tarn afer a long absence from his native State.
They were due to the man, but still more to the
Chief Magistrate of the nation; and I deeply regret
that the political rancor of the Federalists should
have caused these public demonstrations of good
feeling to be confined to one polit cal part/. Oí
what ingratitade to his State, on the part of Mr. Van
Baren, the Senator speaks, I am at a loss to under-
stand. Does he mean to complain that he has ad-
ministered the affairs of the General Government
according to his sense of the true interests of the
great r-ody of the nation, and not in reference to the
local interests and peculiar opinions of the people
of New York 1 That he has not betrayed the con-
fidence reposed in him by the whole American
people by providing mainly for that Slate with
which bis own personal fortune and that of his
kindred is identified? This I understand to be the
complaint, and I must say it is just such an one as I
should have expected, not from the personal, but
from the political character of the Senator. And
as for the word "traitor," which the Senator has
seen fit to apply to the President of the United
States, I wonder that the utterance of it does not
palsy his tongue.
[Mr. Tallmadge then endeavored to throw the
blame of the indication  of respect towards the Pre-
sident ia the State of New York, at the time re-
ferred to, being confined to one party, upon the
President himself, ascribing itto his addressing him-
self, on his arrival at the Battery, to his "Deinocra-
t c fellow-citizens.]
Mr. S. again said: 1 am glad the Senator from
New York has introduced this topic, as it affords
me an opportunity to bear my testimony to the
great unfairness with which, toe President has been
treated on this subject, and altogether for political
effect. Almost as soon as it was known that the
President intended to visit New York, th«re were
murmurings in the Whig rank3 that there would
be no enthusiasm in his reception; that it would be
cold, and confined to a few office holders and devo-
ted partisans. His response, at the Battery, to
the address made h'm, was seized upon as a
pretext to execute what had been long
predetermined. It was said he had avowed h'm.
self the Pre  dent of a patty, by responding to his
"Democratic" fel'ow-citizens. Had any other
class of citizens ad.lrts^ed him, and thus entitled
themselves to a response? Did not the orator who
addressed him speak in behalf of his "Democratic
fe'low-citizens?" Was the President to deny to the
orator the character he had assumed? And, if al-
lowing him the character, could he do otherwise
than respond to it? Suppose an orator had ad-
dressed him in behalf of his Masonic fellow-citi-
zens: could the President do otherwise than re-
spond to his Masonic fellow-citizens? If his Whig
fellow-citizens really designed to show respect to
the President, would they not have selected an ora-
tor to address him, or have united with the Demo-
cracy in the selection of a common spokesman?
Net having done either of these, could they rea-
sonably expect a response addressed to them from
one to whom they had said nothing? The expecta-
tion would have been unreasonable It was never
entertained; and an event which every one must
have foreseen has b?en spoken of with affected
amazement, and perverted to the injury of one
who does honor to his State and country, for party
purposes.
Note.—When the foregoing reply to Mr. Tall-
madge was made, the speaker was under the im-
pression that public entertainments had been given
in New York, to the President, by his po'itic 1
friends. He was confirmed in that opinion by the
Senator from New York, Mr. Tallmadge,] who
being from that State, was supposed to be cogni-
zant of events transpiring there. He has since
leaned, from an unquestionable source, that the
President positively declined the invitations given
him to partake of public dinners. That he never ac-
cepted an invitation to a public dinner in his life,
although he has been constrained frequently to par-
ticipate in entertainments which, from the nume-
rous attendance, assumed the appearance of a pub-
lic dinner.
APPENDIX,
Containing some evidences of Gen. Harrison's heroic
and political merits.    The other incidents referred
to in the foregoing speech, connected with his life,
being well known matters of history.
In reference lo his general political opinions, I
believe the following to be authentic:
John Randolph of Roanoke, who despised both the Adamses,
on the floor of the Senate of the United States m 1826, thus
witheringly retorted on Gen Han won, for his black cockade
docrmes in support of John Q. who was their President:
"Now, sir, the only difference between the gentleman from
Ohio and myself is this—and it is vital That gentleman and
myself ¿iff r fundamentally and totally, and did differ when we
first took our seats in Congress—he as a Delegato from the
Territory Northwest of the Ohio river, I as a member of the
other House, from the State of Virginia. HE WAS AN
OPEN, ZEALOUS, FRANK SUPPORl'ER OF
THE SEDITION LAW ADMIN 1STRATION-vná I
was as zealous, frank, and open an opponent of the black
cockade and sedition law Administration. We differ funda-
mentally and totally—we never can agree about measures or
about men." In reply to this charge, what is the answer of
Gen. H 1 Does he deny it? So far from it he admits that "it is
very probable he (Mr. R ) might have heard me express senil
ments/arora&ie to the then Administration—I certainty felt
ihem"
Extracts from the letter of General Duncan,
Governor of Illinois, now a political friend of
General Harrison, relative to the affa r at Lower
Sandusky, dated March 25,1836:
About the 20th of July, 1813, General Harrison, then at Lower
Sandusky, hearing that the British army had crossed Lake Erie
to Fort Meigs, being about five thousand strong, immediately
changed his head quarters to Seneca, seven or eight miles up
the Sandusky river, where he assembled his forces then on the
March from the interior, leaving Major Croghan with about
150 men to defend Fort Stephenson, with an understanding at
the time that the fort, then in a weak and wretched condition,
was to be abandoned, should the enemy advance with artillery,
but if not, to be defended to the last extremity.
About this time General Harrison received: information that
the enemy had raised the seige at Fort Meigs, and had started
in the direction of Sandusky and Camp Seneca. On receiving
this intelligence, he determined lo rereat from his position, ana
immediately sent an express to Fort Stephenson, which arrived
about sunrise, ordering Major Croghan to burn the fort with
all the munitions and stores, and retreat without delay to head
quarters, giving also seme precautionary instructions about the
route, Ac.
On receiving this order, Croghan instantly placed it in the
hands of the officers, who were all present, and required them
ie consider, and express an opinion of the propriety of obeying
or disobeying it. The board was formed, and on putting the
question, beginning as usual With the youngest officer, it was
ascertained that a majority of us were for destroying the order
Croghan returned to the ioom, and being informed of our di-
rections, remarked, "I am glad of it; I had resolved to disobey
at all hazards," and immediately despatched an express to
General Harrison, giving him that information. Immediately
on the arrival of this express, Gen Harrison despatched Lieu
tenant Colonel Ball, with his squadron of dragoons, with orders
to arrest Croghan, taring him to head quarters, which was done,
and sent another officer io take command. By this time, in conse-
quence of his not arriving agreeably to his expectations and or-
ders, the General abandoned all idea Of a retreat, although his
munitions and stores were piled up ready tobe set on Areas
soon aa Croghan should reach Seneca; and it is not doubted that
if Croghan had arrived according to orders, General Harrison
would have retreated ins'antly, leaving the whole frontier, our
fleet at Erie, and the stores at Cleveland—the destruction which
was the object of the invasion and movements down the lake—
at the mercy of the enemy.
McAffee, the historian of the late war, and Dawson, the bi-
ographer of General Harrison, have studiously kept out of the
view that the object of the invasion was the destruction of our
ships under Commodore Perry, at Presque Isle, and boats and
stores at Cleveland These were looked upon with solicitude
by the British—were reconnoitered, and, on one or two occa-
sions, were attempted to be destroyed, by landing the force on
board their fleet. They have also failed to account for the move-
ment of the whole British forces down the lake, in the direction
of Cleveland and Erie, before their defeatat Sandusky, which
was attacked to satisfy their Indian allies, who demanded the
scalpsand plunderof the place. They had kept out of view the
fact that General Harrison had determined to retreat to the inte-
rior, after burning all the supplies wnich he had collected—that
he ordered Major Croghan to abandon and burn Fort Stephen-
son—that his refusal to obey, and failure to arrive at head,
quarters, preven'ed this retreat, and consequent destruction of
our fleet, millionsof public stores, and exposure of five hundred
miles of frontier to the combined enemy.
Both have stated that General Harrison never doubted that
Major Croghan would be able to repulse an enemy of near two
thousand, and which they say he understood to be five thou-
sand, with one hundied and thirty men; his effective force on
the day of battle, one six pounder, with ammunition for only
seven shots, and about foity rounds of small arms, when the
fact was notorious that Gen. Harrison was heard to say, d unng
the siege, when the firing could be heard in his camp, speaking
of Croghan, "the blood be on his head; I wash my hands of it,"
not doubting for a moment, nor did any ene with him, that the
garrison would be cut off.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
.    JOSEPH DUNCAN.
Col. Preston, Mil. Com., Senate.
Upon the subject of his resignation, there is the
following testimony from General Armstrong, late
Secretary of War, supported by Gen. Harrison's
own letters:
Messrs Gales and Seatoh- Having recently seen, in an ar>
tide published in the National Intelligencer, and entitled a
biography of Gen Harrison, a gross misrepresentation of my
feelings and conduct towards that officer in the campaign o,
1813, (evidently intended to to throw upon me the odiUj n of
having made necessary the General's resignation ) I have
thought it incumbent upon me to disabuse the public on this
head, and show that every thing asserted by the biograf her,
imputing to me hostility to the General in any form, or from
any motive, is downright fiction, arising either from a total
ignorance of tdcts, or an utter disregard to truth. The passage
thus characterized is in the following words
"The war having been thus gloriously terminated within the
General's own district, he repaired to Erie, and there tendered
his services to the army operating in that quarter. Unfortu-
nately, the S -cretary of War was there, who felt some old
griefs unredressed, and being, moreover, envious of the laurels
so dearly but justly worn by the General, and unwilling to see
another added to the wreath, ordered him to lepair to Ohio,
where he had no further duty to perform, having already
brought the war to a close in that quarter. The order was
obeyed; he returned to his family, and immediately resigned his
commission, declaring that he could not honestly eat the bread
of Government when he was denied the privilege of rendering
service in return "
To refute this compound of falsehood and calumny, it will
but be necessary to exhibit the official letters which passed be-
tween the General and myself at the period, and on the occa-
sion referred to:
General Harrison to the Secretary of War, Buffalo, Oc-
tober 24.
"Before this reaches you, you will ne doubt be informed of
the.loss of your messenger, Captain Brown, with the despatches
entrusted to him. Not, therefore, having received your direc-
tions, and being entirely ignorant of the state of our military
operations in this quarter, I was much at a loss to know how to
proceed, but, believing that General Cae3, with his brigade,
would be able to secure Detroit and our adjacent conquests, af-
ter having concluded an armistice with the greater part of the
hostile tribe?, I concluded thatlceuld not do better than te move
down the lake with the remaining part of the troops, which 1
shall bring immediately to Fort George, where I shall await
your orders "
Secretary rf War to General Harrison, Wilna, October
30, 1813.
"I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letters
of the 5 hand 24 h inst. The despatch, by Capt. Brown, and
which, with him, was lost in Lake Erie, suggested, as an ulte-
rior movement, your coming down to the Niagara river, and
putting y out self on the right and rear of De Rottenburg's po-
sition befereFort George; while General McClure, with his bri-
gade of militia, volunteers, and Indians, menaced it in front.
The enemy seems to have been aware of th is, or of some simi-
lar movement, as he began his retreat on the 9th, and did not
stop till he had gained the head of Burlington bay, where, I un-
derstand by report, he yet is. This is his last stronghold on the
peninsula; routed from this, he must surrender, or make good
a retreat to Kingston; His force is estimated at twelve or fif-
teen hundred men—the capture or destruction of whom would
give a glorious finale to your campaign."
The same to the same, Bootisville, Nov. 3,1813.
"When I wi ote you from Wilna, it was doubtful whether our
attack would be made upon Kingston, or upon Montreal. Rea-
sons existed for preferring the latter, and have probably de*«r-
mined Gen. Wilkinson to go down the St Lawrence. In this
case, the enemy may have at Kingston, besides h  fleet and
usual garrison, twelve or fourteen hundred men from tne
West. Had we not a sufficient cerpe id the neighborhood, tney
might do mischief, aal even render ins-cure the winter sta"*>™
of our fleet. To prevent this, it is deemed advisable to draw
together at Sackett's harbor a considerable military lerce.
There are now at that post four or five-hundredmen of all de-
scriptions-*^ ceavaWeBt, and •effective. Col fa*1 "de-
tachment (about 700) is on its march thither; and it is barely
