r
Feb. 1840.
26th Cong-.-.Ist Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Crary.
239
H. of Reps,
sand hi¡K sometimes crowned wiih a few st n'ed
tiees acd a s-anty vegeta i >n, but generally tare,
and t.ixoivn by ihe wind into a thousand fantastic
topes"—a coontry unfit for cultivation, and so
filled up wi'h marshes, that enough of good land
could na be found to supply the demands of the
soldiers of the war of 1812. Such was Mxhigan,
even after t';e close of that war; but its whole as-
pect has b'en charged by the expenditure of a few
thoos*nd dollars in harbor imp ovementi.
More than 200,000 people have been induced
tomaket'ih " beautiful peninsula" their home, aud
have been the wil ms instruments of cau.-ing mure
than $8,000,000 to fkw into your Treasury since
1834. -Nor has the influence of these harbors
been cotfi'ej to my own State. They have been
Ihe means of settling Northern Ohio, Northern
Indiana, and Northern Illinois, and they are now
filling up Wi cons n and Iowa wiih ihi enter-
prising anl intelligent of ihe old S'ates—with the
men who c^.rry with them the principles, moral
anl pi>'i ira', which inspired and animated the
ri'gnms of the Ptymcuih Rock.
These are s me of the b3ntfits that have ac-
crued to ihe country from our improvements on
the lakes. The que-tion now before us is, whether
thfce. works shall goon to completion. By your
past legislation, you have induced the settlement
of a lake coast nearly 2,000 miles in extent, with
all the country adjacent; you have per-uaded
thousands upon thousands of your population to
go into the wilderness, and purchase your public
domain, with the expectation that you will con-
tinue those improvements. Their continuance is
demanded by tie interests of commerce. With-
out thsm, we shall have no avenues by which the
products of oar industry can find a market With-
out them we shall be isolated, be cut off from all
the b nefits of ihe Union, and be compelled to
bear only its evils.
"The gentlemin from South Carolina [Mr Pick-
ins] embrtced the epp^r unity yeste day to pass a
high compliment to the energv, enterprise, and intel-
ligence of the Northwest. He looked forward with
pr.de and joy to the addition of new Slates to the
Union. I am pleased at this expression of his
bread and expanded views. I, too, Mr. Speaker,
look forward to the time when State after State
shall be embraced within the Union, when R^pre-
sen'aives ¡>ha'l itand up on this floor, who*e
norms are on the fhorcs of the great Pacific. An
oppottunity will so n be presented to test hi 
patriotic professions; and when it comes, I feel an
an assurance (hit he will not be found wanting in
his deep devotion to the principles of liberty. Wis-
consin will soon be here to tike her place in the
rink of States, and it will probably be Ihe good
fortune of many now here to assist in forming two
or three Suites out of the present Territory of
Iowa.
The gentleman from South Carolina objects to
th se apprcp iations, because they are not neces-
sity for the common defence. He thinks that a'l
oar lu u;e battles a?e to be r( u-;ht upon ir e Atlan-
tic. In his opinion, the Cañadas are to become
free in any future contest wi h Great Br,tain, and
are to b; united with us in the bunt's ot a
common Union. This, sir, may ail haip'n, but
noi immediately. If a war comes out of the Norih-
aestern boundary question, the grand th atre for
military operations will be opon the Ukes. There
will be fought our battles, and theie our arms will
be coveied with defeat and disgrace, or crowned
with -victory and with glory. Already is there a
force in the Cañadas of some eighteen thousand
men, under experienced officers, and ready to in-
vade us at any moment. The militia of those
provinces are in a st*te of excellent discipline, and
commanded by officers who have been in regalar
service. For three years the British Government
have been fortifying along our whole frontier. They
have rebuilt fort Maiden, the key to the commerce
of the upper lakes. They have fortified Bois^,
Blanc island at ihe month of the Detioit river. Are
all these movements necessary to preserve the
peace of the Cañadas? Most our whole frontier be
lined with eannon to beep down the spirit of Cana-
dian patriotism, and love of liberty? No, sii! In
the tvent of war, the  fortification! are designed, to
cut off our comnv rce with Lakes Huron and Mi-
chigan. But this was not all. Biit sh tro< ps are
s atiorej at every impoitant poit t on ihu ftontier,
and British influence is c< ncentraiing the In-
dian tribes of the Northwest among the hun-
dred islands of Lake Huron. Were all
the;e for.ifications, and all these armed
men, necessary to preserve "peace among Bri i h
subjecU? It may be, sir, but it tells a sad story for
British mi-rule in her provinces, and such mis-
rule as one? jnsified rebellion and revolution. It
is however 10 be recollect-d that we hive a long
line of boundary yet to adjust. On our part it is
to be adjusted without cornpiomise, wihoit con
cession. We have declared for the boundary of
the treaty of 1783. Does the Brush Government
intend to adhere to that boundary? The late mes-
sage of the Governor of New Brunswick shows
m such intention. He talks of cotipn mne, of
concession. Are the gent'emen from Maine pre-
parad for this?
[Mr. Smith here replied, No: never!]
No: never, is the reply; and it is such a reply as
should come from a Representa ve of the people
of that gallant State. It is made in the spir.t of
the country. This House has declared for the
line of the treaty, and we are bound to ab'de by
that line. War is, indeed, to be avoided, but
not at the expense of any portion of that territory
which was won by the battles of th- Revolution,
and bequeathed to us as iha inheritance of libeny.
Mr. Speaker, I have ever considered harbor ap-
propriations as necessary for the defence of the
lake frontier. They are necessary lop-otect our
shipping from being destroyed by the enemy. A
breastwork upon the piers, with a few cannon,
and men to use them, will render almost any
harbor stcure from military incursirns. In con-
nection with this subjec', it may not be improper
lo allude to the agreemententered into between the
Biit sh Government and the United States in 1817,
in regard to the armament of the like--. By that
agreement, neither Government was to emply more
than two ve«s°ls on i the upper lakes, each of
100 tons burthen, 8nd armed with one eighteen
pounder. If my information is correct, th's
agreement has been violated by the British Govern-
ment, and they are now building two armed steam-
ers on Lake Erie, ostensibly for the preservation
of the peace of the Cañadas, but in reali y to main-
tain an ascendency upon those waters in the event
of war.
Mr Speaker, I do not understand the President
to be opposed to appropriaiions for harbors. When
his me sage, together with the report from
the Treasury Department, was transmit ed to
this body, the operations of the Topographi-
cal Bureau and Engineer Corps, for the year
1839, had not been laid before the head of the War
Department. Direciions had been given that all
our public woiks should be hspecied by competent
officers, and the result of their labors was not com-
municated un'il the 7th of January. The Bureau
of Topographical Engineers reported on the 3Jth
of December, 1839, and the Chief Engineer on the
7ih of January, 1840. On the 8th of January
thfse reports were, laid before the President, and
rn Ihe 9th of the same month, he transmuted the
same to Congiess ' for their action and con^idi ra-
tion." This document contains "a more than
usually detailed statement of the history and pro-
gress of the works, together with detailed estimates
of the probable eosj/6f each work, and of the sums
required for eachfyear." It is a document that
will enable Congress to legisla'e unders'andingly
on all subjects of harbor improvement. It tslls us
that the woiks under charge of the Engineer De-
partment will require the sum of $1,380,887 f« r 1840;
and under the cha'ge of the Topographical Bureau
the sum of $t,807,424 for 1840. There are tab'es
showing the whole amount that will be demanded
to complete all the works in a permanent manner.
There is also much valuable matter on the subject
of the commerce cfthe upper lakes. No man
can read it without coming to the conclusion that
the afeen hundred thousand dollars expended on
the harbors of thee lakes, has been the most pro-
fitable expenditure of this Government. It had
befit thf mews of creating a tonnage in ships,
brgs, «chooner«, s'oons, and steamboats, valued at
$2,399,600. SiiKe 1830, a commerce at the sin-
ge pon ol Cleveland, hdd been created of the an.
nual value of upwards of $50,000,000. Suth was
ihe chara* teref tne d. cu.nent sent to us by the
President, and to which he invites jtour considera-
tion and arti n." Does ihis look lik' f*ppo.*it,on to
this system of improverum s? Djes it jni cate a
spirit of ho,nliy either to the Cumberland road or
to harbors,? As the particultr friend of ihe latter,
I am glad of such opposi ion. It ui'l do more tnan
has ever yet been done to induce the country to
urge these works to compleii n.
Tbo^e of the Opposition who ara friendly to
these improvements, were doing the President great
injustice. He has sent to us ihe best report that
ever came from the head of the Executive, and yet
they are dissatisfied because the estimates were
not to be found in the annual repoit frem the
Trea ury. Thev are cot there, because they
were not completed when ihe Tr¿asury document
was made our. But ihey are be'ore us n ¡w, and
with the sanction of ihe Pre.-iJent. What more do
gentlemen wan ? What more would they have?
It ¿eems to me that they ought to be sat >fied. But
no; the Presi lent can do nota ng ihu will satisfy
them. If he includes the estimates for such works
in the annual budget, he is forthwith chaged wiih
recamnvnding extravagance, and wiih wishing to
extend Executive pa'ronage. If they are rmitted
in the budget, and sent up by the proper Depart-
ment, according to the practice of the Departments,
then comes the cry of opposition to alt improve-
in nts. Sir, the spirit of cppo-ition to this Admi-
nistration rides over the best interests of the
country.
I now come to that por ion of my remarks which
relate to ihe original proposition, as well as to the
ament'men'. It must be well known to every mem-
ber of the House that the expenditures of this Go-
vernment are in a great dtgree confii ed to the At-
lanic States. In tho-eSta'es, we expend $5,000,000
annually in creating and supporting a navy. We
expend other millu ns on fort ficatons ar.d custom--
houses, and in giving proteckn to commerce. In
those Slates, nearly all our munitions of war are
manufactured, and there are paid out and expend-
ed the salaries of rao^t of our public officers, civil
and military. The great body of our legislation
has been for the immediate benefit of these St tes.
Congress seldom looks westward, except when
fome question in regard t3 the pub'ic domain is un-
der consideration. This is a natural condition of
things. The power of Ihs House rests with the
States of the Atlantic, bnt it will not be with them
always.   Another census will show, that
"Westward the star of empire takes its way."
There has been of late much speculation as to the
probable effects upon our prosperity of the large in-
debtedness of the Slates. It has been said thit the in-
terest on a i'ebt of $200,000,000 will drain us of our
resjurces. There is noioubt iha' ihe payment of
$10,000,000 of interest annually, to a foreign
power, will have a sensible effect upon our proi-pe-
rity. It will create a depend-nce upon foreign ca-
pitalists an 1 foreign banking institution ; but ihis
impendence will not be as great as that of the West
upon the At'aniic Sates, by reason of the opera-
tions of this Government.
In 1834, the expenditures of ihe Givernment
were $24,601,982, for ihe civil Jím, $4,404,728; the
miliiary, $10,064,427; raval affaus, $3,956,260;
and for the payuvnt of the public debt, $6,176,-
565. The receipts for the '•ame year, weie $21,-
701,935, of which $16 214,957 were from customs,
and $4,857,600 fiom the public lands. The ap-
propriations for that year, according to a report of
the Secreta-y of the Treasury, were $1,111,000 in
the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois.
In Ohio__Special,       .       .       .       #282,000
Pensiors,    .       .       .         125,000
Mi'cellaneous,     ,       .          40,000
Army,        .       .       .       1«.°?°
Indians,       .        .       .         J* -000
$712,000
In IirouHA—Special,         •       •        1f2'"i!2
p.nsioM,       •                  48 awy
