Feb. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cong«..«1st Sess.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Crary.
H. of Reps.
Northwestern army in the last war. That gentle-
man has applauded the Presidential cindwate of
the Opposition for threegTeat explcis: 1st, the bat-
tle of Tippecanoe; 2d, being the first to suggest
the armament of the lakes; and, lastly, for the bat-
tle of the Thames. I have a few words to «ay on
each of these subjects.
Any one who will pot himself to tie trouble of read-
ing the ofBc al account of the battle of Tippeca-
noe, will see that General Harrison performed no
great act of generalship on that occasion.   Prom
the General's own confessions, the army was en-
camped in an exposed position, affording "great fa-
¿lay I* the approach of savages," and at night was
coinp'etely surprised by the Indians, and only es-
caped destruction by  the gallantry of the brave
Kentuekians, and a part of the old fourth regiment
from Massachusetts.    But I will confine myself to
the official report, that will prove all that has
been asserted.   It will also prove that General
Harrison was the greatest egotist that ever wrote
in the English language.    Other generals  have
awar.ieJ some merit to the God of battles, but not
so *i,h General Harrison.   It was "7" ihat did
all  Irom  the morning   that  "J commenced my
maich,"auniil "/ announced that / had no intention
of attacking them  (the Indians) un'il / discovered
that they would not comply with tbe demands that
/ had made—that 7 would go on and encamp at
the Wabash."   "7 halted," and "7 resumed my
march."   "7 advanced," and "J rose at a quarter
after four o'clock."   '•/ mounted my horse, J rode
to tbe angle that was attacked, 7 reinforced every
part of the line, 7 formed the body of dragoons, J
meant to pursue the enemy in their flight, but,"
a} e, but, ''being engaged, J did not observe it until
it was loo late."   Yes, this would be cap'ain of cap
tains, did not observe tbe flight of the enemy "until
it was toe late" to pursue them.
But, Mr. Speaker, I must return to the morning
of the 6 h of November, when this consummate
General was wi hm eleven miles of the scene of his
subsequent exploits. A march of six miles is made
through open prairies, " wih the infantry in twa
columns of files on either side of the road, and the
mounted riflemen and cavalry in front, in the rear,
and on the flank*," when, coming to open woods,
the whole army is formed in ordtr of battle. A
company of mounted riflemen formed the advanced
guard; then came the United Stales infantry,
flanked by two companies of militia infantry and
oae of mounted riflemen; then comes the baggage,
covered by three companies of militia infantry; and
lastly comes the cavalry. We ought now to ex-
ptct a fight, for the whole army is " in the order of
batiU." But we are doomed to disappointment.
Toe order is given to " break off in s-hort columns
of companies," and to move slowly and cautiously
along, the several corps changing position " three
times in the distance of a mile." At last a creek
is approached, when the order for battle again
passes from column to column.
Mr. Linoln here raise J a question, whether it
was in order to discuss matters not before the
House.
Mr. Ogle said no friend of Gen. Harrison feared
the discussion.
Several members expressing a¡wish for the de-
bate to proceed, Mr. Lincoln withdrew his motion.
Mr. Crary resu i-ed, ar d said he did not expect
to be allowed to proceed. It was to him a matier
of no consequence. He thought, however, he was
indulging in n > greater latitude of debate than was
yesterday permitted to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Propfit.] When Mr. P. was speaking, Mr.
Briggs temporarily occupied the Speaker'o chair.
That gentlemin had canvassed not only the merits
of General Harrison for the Presidency, but called
up the past political history of a member of the
House, [Mr. Wick,] and yet no one rose and called
to order, or pronounced the remarks irrelevant to
the question. He was free to admit that such dis-
cussion was unprofitable; but if it was in order to
make the attack, it ought also to be in order to
make a reply. Were gentlemen prepared to allow
of such a course ot attack, and then prevent a re-
ply? If so, evil would come out of it of no ordi-
nary magnitude.
Mr. Pboppit rose to explain.   He appealed to
16
the Hou*e. whether he said any thing disrespectful
of his colleague. He did not intend to injure his
feelings.
Mr. Crjry said he was aware that the feelings
of his colleague [Mr. Wick] were not injured. But
this did not justify the attack. D.d the gentleman
know that he would not bum his feelings?
But, Mr. Speaker, tori turn to General Harrison,
whom we left with his army drawn up in the order
of battle.   No enemy, however, appear?; but, from
certain indications of a hostile feeling, it Í3 deter-
mtn*d to encamp for the night.   "Whilst / was
engaged in tracing the lines for the encampment,"
information was received that the Indians "had
answered every a"empt to bring them to a parley
with contempt and insolence."   Thi^ was not to be
borne.   A refusal to answer by the Indians, caused
the lines of a camp to be traced; but when they an-
swered "with con'empt and insolence," the camp
lines are obliterate I, the army moves forward, with
"every man eager to decide the contest immediate-
ly."   It moves about the width of an eighty acre
lot, and then halts again, not to encamp, but to en-
able "7" to hold a parley with three Indian*,  one
of them the particular friend of the Prophet. Well,
what does this friend of the prophet say?   Why,
that an answer had been sent to Gen. Harrison's
demands, but that the bearers "have unfortunately
taken the road on the south side of the Wabash."
What was this answei?   The official report show-
«th it not.   It only says "7 answered that 7 had
no intention of attacking them until 7 discovered
that they  would not comply  with the demands
which / ba'l mide."   On a promise from   this
Wend of the Prophet  that no hostilities shoul i be
committed till ths will of the President of the Uni-
ted States W8S explained, our hero resumes  his
march, and advances within one hundred and fifiy
jards of the town    Fifty Indians sally forth, and
demand a halt.    "7 immediately advanced  to the
front, and caused the army to halt."   'In a few
moments tbe man ( he friend of the Prophet) who
had been with me before, made his appearance.   7
informed him that my object, for the present, was
to procure a good piece of ground to encamp on,
where wecojld get wood and water.    He iofoim-
me that there was a creek to the northwest, which
he thought would suit our purpose."    *   *    •   •
"7found the ground for the encampment not alto-
gether such as 7 could wish it."   It was suited for
regular troops, opposed to regulars, "bdt it af-
forded    GREAT    FACILITY    TO   THE    APPROACH   OF
SAVAGSS."
Here follows a description of the ground from
the official report:
It was a piece of dry oak land, rising about ten feet above
the level of a marshy prairie in front, (towauls the Indian town,)
and nearly twice that height above a similar prairie in the
rear, through which, and near to this bank, was a small stream,
c othed with willow and other brushwood. Towards the left
flank this beach nf high land widened considerably, but became
gradually narrow?! in the opposite direction, and at the dis-
tance of one hundred and fifty yards from the right flank, ter-
minated in an abrupt point.
On this ground pointed out by an enemy, and
" AFFORDING   GREAT   FACILITY    TO   THE    APPROACH
of savages," were traced the lines of a night en-
campment, with the front and rear lines separated
from each other about twenty-seven rods on the
1 -ft, and fourteen rods on Ihe right flank.
Mr. Underwood here inquired what authority
Mr. C. had for saying the ground was pointed out
by the enemy.
Mr. Crary referred him to the official report,
where he woull find it under General Harrison's
own sign manual.
But to return to tbe order of encampment. The
front line was occupied by one battalion of United
States infantry, flanked on the right by two com-
panies of militia, and on tbe left by one company.
The rear line was composed of the other battalion
of United States infantry on the left, and four
militia companies on tbe right. The left flank was
filled up by two companies of mounted riflemen,
and the right flank by one company. Two troops
of dragoons were encamped in the rear of the left
flank, and one troop in rear of the front line.
These ttoopj were all in single rank, and were de-
fended., ty two captain's guards, consisting of
eigbty-eigbt men, aad two subaltern's guards, con-
sisting of twenty men.   Caí as the report makes
no mention either of a picket guard or of a com-
mon camp guard, it seems that this indispensable
requisite of an army, encamped in an enemy's
country, was entirely overlooked and omitted.
Th's is evident, from the fact, that in the opening
-cf the battle, some of the men were stricken down
in the very doors of their tents.
We have here, sir, the camp of General Harri-
son when in an Indian country, and so apprehen-
sive of an attack that "the order of encampment
was the order of battle, aad each man slept oppo-
site to his pjst in the line." General Harrison
says his order of march was "similar to that used
by General Wayne." But was the order of en-
campment that of General Wa\ ne, or that of any
other General winning glory in Indian warfare?
Did General Wayne ever encamp in an Indian
country without first throwing up a breastwork
either of wood or of earth? Was not this course
pursued by all the early Indian fighters of New
England? Such breastworks are often spoken of by
her early writers, and Hubbard tells us of one
case where a stone breastwork was thrown up in
the midst of a fight. Did Colonel Johnson ever
encamp, when in the midst of hostile Indians, with-
out defending his camp by a breastwork? If he had,
sir, his gallant little band of mounted men would
never have covered themselves with glory at the
battle of the Thames. In the Black Hawk war,
did General Atkinson ever omit the barricade for
a single night? Ntver. When it could not be made
of wood, one of earth was thrown up. To G-neral
Harrison belongs the honor of encamping an array
without breastworks, in sight of an Indian town,
the inhabitants of which "had manifested nothing
bot hostility " Let the honor be his, and let his
political Iriends write it on all their banner.-; but
the hand writing should be one of blood—the olood
of one-fourth of a most gallant ¡>nd chivalrous army.
But, Mr. Speaker, I have not yet done with this
camp upon "dry oak land," and surrounded by a
"marshy prairif." It app?ars, from the official
report, that the fires were built within the camp,
and were burning at a quarter after four o'clock in
the morning. "Our fires afforded a partial light,
which, if it gave us some opportunity of taking
our positions, was still more advantageous to the
enemy, affording ihetn the means of taking a
surer aim." Under such circumstances', need we
wonder at the slaughter that ensued? The fires
were, indeed, extinguiihed after the battle com-
menced, but this proved that they should not have
been built, if it proved any thing- Camp fires were
necessary, but in Indian warfare they should be
without the camp, if allowed to burn all night.
They then gave no advantage to the enemy. On
the contrary, on coming within their range, the en-
emy became the object of "a surer aim."
Sir, I pass over the movements of the General
during the battle . I say nothing of his horseback
nd? in a camp with a right flank of fourteen rods;
nolh'ng of hts order to Major Daviss to dislodge,
with a party of dismounted dragoons, the enemy
from some trees in front of four companies of Uni-
ted States infantry. Let others decide whether In-
dians could be driven from such a position by
swords and pistols better than with muskets and
bayonets. It is, perhaps, decided lrom th's fact,
that the dragoon? were driven back with the loss
of the gallant Major Daviss, and that the enemy
were immediately dislodged by a company of in-
fantry. I need not allude to the number of men
engaged in battle, nearly one-fourth of whom
were killed or wounded. The army, says an offi-
cial letter of the 18 h December, deducting dra-
goons, was but little over 700 men. Of these, 62
were killed, and 126 wounded. The Prophet' 
force amounted to 450. Of ihese, from 36 to
40 were left on the field. What official preci*
sion! Pron 36 to 40 were left on the field; tat
these did not comprise all the dead. The Indiana
were s&m to take off not on'y thewonnded, bot the
dead. Indians take their dead from the field
in the midst of the ba'tle f Such stories are often
told, but they generally come from warriors who
finht at a resprctaUe distance, and make out
their renorts ot the dead < n supposition. In the
pie-ent* instance, the dead may have been tak-n
away;   for   the   report    • /*,   "—*'   ™
'several   were
