Mar. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S45
26th Cong""1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
imputes to me, and were to declare that such
an imputation was a "flagitious misrepresentation
of my remarks.
So fir from imagining that the Independent Trea-
sury bill would restore 10 the country a metallic cur-
rency, I believed that it would exercise but a slight
influence in restraining the excesses of ihe banking
system.   Oiher and much more efficient remedies
most be adopted by the several Slates to restrain
these exce«ses and  ihus to prevent future susp*n-
sions    In my remarks, I slated distinctly what
legislation would, I thought, be required to accom-
pli h this purpose.    In the first place, I observed
lhat the banks ought to  be compel'ed to keep in
their vaults a ceitain fair   proportion of specie
compared with their circulation and deposite*; or,
mother words,a certain propoition of immediate
sre.ie means, 10 meet their ínimedia'e responsibili-
ties.   2d. That the foundation of a specie basis
for our paper currency should be laid by prohibiting
the circulaiion of bank notes, at the first, under Ihe
deco nination of ten, and afterwards under that
of twenty dolíais    3d. Tnat the amount of bank
dividends should be limi'ed.    4th. And above all,
tha', upon the occurrence of another suspension,
the dooiS of the bank* should  be closed  at once,
and their affairs p'acd m the hands of commission-
ers.   A certainty that such must be the ineviiab'e
effect of another suspense n, would do more to pre-
vent it than any other cause.   To reform and not
to destroy, was my avowed motto.    I  know that
t..e existence of banks and the circulation of bank
paper, are so identified wiih the habits of our peo-
ple lhat they cannot be abol shed, even if this were
desirable.
Such a reform in the banking system as I have
indicated, would benefit every class of society; but
above all others, the man who makes bis living by
the sweat of his brow. The object at wh ch I
aimed by these reforms was not a pure metallic
currency, but a currency of a mixed character; the
paper portion of it always convertible into gold and
silver, and subject to as little fluctuation in amount
as the regalar business of the country would ad-
mit. Of all reforms, this is what the mechanic
and the laboring man ought most to cies're. It
would produce steady prices and steady employ-
ment, and, under its influence, th* country would
march stea'lily on in its career of prosperity with-
out suffering from the ruinous expansions and can-
tractions and explosions which we have endured
durngthe last twenty years. What is most es-
sential to the prosperity of the mechanic and la-
boring man ? Constant employment, steady and
fair wages, with uniform prices for the necessaries
and comforts of life which he must purchase, and
payment for his labor in a sound currency.
Let us in these particular.', compare the present
condition of the laboring man under the banking
sy«tem which now exists, with what it would be
under such reforms as I have md cated. ABd
first, in regard to constant emiliyment. What is
the effect of the present system of bank expansions
and contractions, and revulsions, in th's particular?
Is it not absolutely certain, has not experience dc-
monstrated, that under such a system, constant em-
ployment is rendered imposible? I' is true tha ,
during the short period whilst the bubble is expand-
ing and the banks are increasing their loans, and
their i sues, labor of every kind finds employment.
Tnen buildings of all soris are erected, manufacto-
ries are established, and the carpenter and the ma-
sDn, and other mechanics, are in demand. Public
works are prosecuted and afford employment to an
immense number of laborers. The tradesman of
every description then finds customers, because the
amount of pap r in circulation produces a deluiive
appearance of prosperity and promotes a ipirit of
extravagance. But, sr, under this system, the
storm is sure to succeed the sunshine; the explosion
is certain 10 follow ihe expansion; and when it
comes—and we are now suffering under it—what
. is then the condition of ihe mechanic and the la-
boring man? Buildings of every kind cease, manu-
factories are closed; public works are suspended,
and the laboring chvses are thrown out of employ-
ment altogether. It is enough to make one's heart
bleed   to  reflect upon their sufferings,   particu-
larly m our large cities, during the past win-
ter. In many instances the question with them
has not been what amount of wages they could
eirn, bat whether they could procure any em-
ployment which would sive them and their fami-
lies ftom starvation. If our State Leg slatures,
which alone possess the power, would but regu'ate
our bloated credit system wisely, by restraining the
banks within safe limits, our country would then
be permit ed to proceed with regular strides, and
the laboring man would suffer none of these evils,
because he would receive constant employment.
In t'.ie seco id place, what i* the effect of the pre-
sent system upon the wages of labor, and upon the
prices of the uecersanes and comforts of life?   It
cannot be denied that that country is the most pros-
perous  h°re labor commands the greatest reward;
but this not for one year merely—not for that short
period of time when  our bloated credit system is
most expanded—but for a succession of years; for
all time.    Permanence in the rate of wages is in-
dispensable to ihe prosperity of the laboring man.
He ought to be able to  look forward with confi-
dence to the fu'ure, to calculate upon being able
•o rear and educate his family by the sweat of his
brow, and to make them respectab'e and ns-ful ci-
tizens    In this respect, what is  the condition of
tie laboring man under our present system? Whilst
he suffers mor* under it than any other member of
society, he derives from it th" fewest advantages.
It's a pnn iple of political economy confirmed by
experience, that whiln the paper currency is ex-
panding, the price of every thing else increases
more rapidly than the wages of labor.   They are
the la«t to rise with the expansion, and Ihe first to
all with the contraction of the currency. Tha price
of a day's or of a month's labor of any kind—the
price of a hat, of a pair of boots, of a pound of
leather, of all articles of furniture, in short, of ma-
nual and mechanical labor generally, is fixed and
known to the whole community,   'The purchaser
complains when these fixed prices are enhanced,
and the mechanic or laborer, in order to retain his
easterners, cannot, and does not raise his price un-
til he is compelled to doit by absolute necessity.
His meat, his flour, his patatoes, clothing for him-
self and his fami y, mount up to an extravagant
price long before   his compensation is   increas-
ed.    It   was  formerly   supposed   that   the   pro-
ductions of meat and flour were so vast in our
extended    and    highly    favored    lani,   that   a
monopoly of th«m would be impossible.   The ex-
perience of the last two or three years has proved
the contrary.   The banks, instead of giving credit
in small sums to honest men, who would have used
the money wisely, in promoting their own welfare,
and, as a neee-sary consequence, that of the com-
munity, have loanel it to monopo'ists, to enable
them to rai'e ihe price rf the nece sanes of lile to
the consumer.   Have we not a'I learned that a
million of dollars has been advanced by them to
an individual, for the purpose of enabling him to
monopolize the sale  <f all the beef onsumed in
oar Eastern cities ?   Do we not all know that this
effort provd successful during ihe last year in rais-
id; the price of this necessary of life to twelve and
sixteen cent*, and even higher, per pound.   Now,
sir, althougn the wages < f the laboring man were
then nominally high, what was his condition?   He
could not afford to go inio the market and purchase
beef for his family.    If his wages increased with
the increasing expansion of our crrdit system, ag-
gravated in  its effects by the immense sales of
State bonds in Europe, still the prices of all the ne-
cessaries of life rose in a greater proportion, and
he was uot benefited.   I might mention, also, the
vast monopoly *f pork produced by a combination
of individuals extending from Boston to Cincinnati,
which, by means of bank facilities, succeeded in
raising ibe price of that necessary of life to an
enormous pitch.    What then did the laborer gam,
even at the time of the greatest expansion?   No-
thing—literally nothing.   The laborers were a suf-
fering class, even in the midst of all this delusive
prosperity.    Instead of being able to lay   by any
thing for the present day of adversity, which was a
necessary consequence of the system, the laborer
was even then scarcely able to maintain himself
and his family.   His condition has been terrible
during the past winter.    In view of these facts, I
sa'd:
"All other circumstance* being equal, I agree with the Sena-
tor from Kentucky that that country is moat prosperous where
labor commands the highest wages. I do not, however, mean
by the terms 'highest wages,' the greatest nominal amount.
During the Revolutionary war, one day's work commanded s
hundred dollars of continental paper; but this would scarcely
have purchased a breakfast. The more proper expie«siuii
would be, to «ay that that country is most prosperous wheie la-
bor commands the greatest reward; where one day's labor will
procure, not the greatest nominal amount of a deprecia'ed cur-
rency, but moat of the necessaries and comforts of life. If,
therefore, you should, in some degree, reduce the nominal price
paid for labor, by reducing the amount of your bank issues
within reasonab'e and safe limits, and establishing a metallic
basis for your paper circulation, would this injure the laborer?
Certainly nol; because the price of all the necessaries ai.d com-
foits of ll e are reduced in the same proportion, and he will b 
able to purchase more of them for one dollar in a sound state of
the currency, than he could have done, ¡n the days of exirava-
gantexpansion, for a dollar and a quarter, go far from injur
ing, it will greatly benefit the laboring man. It will insure tm
him constant employment and regular prices, paid in a sound
currency, which, of all things, he nught most to desire; and it
will save him from being involved in rein by a recurrence of
those periodical expansions and contractions of the currency,
which have hitherto convulsed ihe count] y "
Now, sir, is not my meaning clearly expressed
in this paragraph? I contended that it would not
injure, but greatly benefit the laboring man, to
prevent the violent and rninous expansions and
contractions to which our currency was incident;
and by judicious bank reform to place it on a set-
tled basis. If this were done, what would be the
consequence? Tint, if the laboring man could not
receive as great a nominal amount for his labor,
as hediJ "in the diys of extravagant expansion,"
which must always, under our present sj stem, be
of short duration, he would be indemnified, and far
more than indemnified, by the constant employ-
ment, the regular wages, and the uniform and more
moderate prices of the necessaries and com-
forts of life, which a more stable currency
would produce. Can this proposition be contro-
verted. I think not. It is too plain forargument.
Mark me, sir, I desire to produce this happy result,
not by establishing a pure rcelallic currency; but
"by reducing the amount of your bank nsues
within reasonable and safe limits, and es'ablishing
a metallic basts for your paper cisculanon." Trie
idea plainly expressed is, that it is better, much
better, for the laboring man, as will as for every
other class of society, except the speculator, that the
busin ss of the country should be placed upon that
fixed and permanent foondaiion which would be
laid by establishing such a bank reform as would
render it certain that bank notes should be always
convertible into gold and silver.
And yet this plain and simple exposition of my
views has been seized upon by those who desire to
make political capital out of their perversion; and
it has been represented far and wide, ihat it was
my desire to reduce  wages down to the prices re-
ceived by ihe miserable serfs and laborers or Eu-
ropean despotisms. I shall most cheerfully leave
the public to decide between me and my traducers.
The Senator from Massachusetts, after having at-
tribu'ed to me the intention of reJucing the wages
of labor to ihe hard money s'andard, through th;
agency of the Independent Tieasurylbill,has added,
as an appendix to his speech, a statement made
by the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Merrick,] of
the prices of labor in these hardj money despotisms;
and it is thus left to be inferred that I an in favor
of reducing the hene&t and independent laborer of
this glorious and free country to the same degraded
condition. The Senator ought to know that there
is too much intell g-nce among the laboring
classes in this highly favoted land to be led astray
by such representation*.
3. Payment of wages in a sonnd currency.  Un-
der the present unrestricted banking system this is
entirely out of the question.    Nothing can ever
produce this effect except the absolute prohibition
of the issue and circulation of small notes.   As
long as bank notes exist of denominations so low
as to render it possible to make them the medium
of  payment   for  a   day's   or   a   wtek*   labor,
so  long   will the  laboring man   b.  W61;*
to  acefpt   the   very   worst  of^ these    «£•'•'
his  wages.     Unless   it  may   be   * P"«*  «J
the highest expansion, when labor «•£the very
greatest  demand, not« of ^jUM^™®
llways be forced upon him.   This was  P^-
ally the case after the explesion of the banks  
