w
Feb. 1839.
£6TH   CoTTG"o«lST SSSS.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
Independent Treasury—Mr. ff'right.
Senate.
answer has been made. He does not meet the inquiry, but
affirms he ¡a fara mixed currency, and nut for reducing wages
to the humble pay of the srrls of Europe; but what is the
mraiin? 01 tl-.is part of his speech? Has it nonel or, if it has
any, what is it? He is for reducing 'the paper bubble," in
other words, bank paper, to this standard; aud this is "to cover
the country with blessings and benefits." Sir, take this Ian-
guage in connection with what I read from the member's
speech this nwrmng, and who can halt or doubt as to the
meaning.. II the seuse he not that "/A? paper bubble'jia to be
reduced ullthe price of wages, and every thing else, comes to
be as low as it ú in hard money countries, then it has, in my
judgment, no intelligible meaning. There is no qualifying
or altering it; and yetl am charged with making him too much
of a hard money man. S r, the Senator is unconscious what
language he uses about banks—a tone of severe reproof and
denunciation runs through his spee. h against oursyitem, which
he affirms to be the worst in the world; and even now, in speak-
ing of them, while he disclaims being a hard money man, he
saystheyhave hugged t lie manufacturers to death. Whatever
else his printed speech contains, the parts which I read, when
last up, cannot be perused without making the inference
which 1 draw from it, andit will be so understood wherever it is
read.                                                                              .
.But,sir, the Senator, complains that I nave put wards into
his mouth. What words have I put into his mnulhl Where
are they, and what are theyt Is this a fair representation! I
have stated his opinions, his arguments, and his views of poli-
cy, but, with ¡he exception of one er two instance , about which
I have heard no complaint, I have not pretended to use his
words. This is apparent on the face of my speech, and yet he
repeals that I have put words into his mouth.
He thinks 1 have not only made him too much of a hard
money man, but have imj uted 10 him an opinion that the bill
will have a greater tendency to restrain the issues of bank
paper, and to introduce hard money, then be contended for.
lie a'lmits that it is to have some influence—how much dues
not appear. Have I not *™n that he is in favor of a reduc-
tion ol prices "lo the standard of prices throughout the worlill"
Have I not shown that he contends for this as a wise policy,
that we mayobtain exclusive possession of our markets, and
error successfully with our manufactures and products the
markets of the world, by selling as low as any country I Have
I no. shown that this standard of prices, as it is called, is identi-
cal, in all its effects, with the standard of prices in hard money
cotmtriesl Have I not shown that this Reduction in prices, both
of wages and property, is proposed to be accomplished by re-
ducing the amount of our currency till prices ate brought to
this standard! And have 1 not shown all this by the printed
speech ol'ihe Senator, as put forth with his approbation? Is
not the language and the conclusions irresistible? It will, it
must, be so understood by all who read it.
A'ter all this—afier a delay of six weeks without complaint
till thedoctrine was condemned by ihe public, and after bring-
ing t 'eSenator to this point—alter showing that lie is in favor of
German prices, and that he calls Germany emphatically a hard
money country, he complains that I made him too much of a
hard moiwy man, and that I make him express the opinion that
the sub-Treasury bill will bring things nearer to this result than
the contended for, or believed it would. What if it
should produce this result? What if it should go beyond
his antcipations? What if there is a misapprehension
by me of his views as to the extent of its influence—of what
consequence is HT It will onlj carry out his views and policy
moreetrongly than he anticipated—and that policy,he says,
would "cover the country wuh bleswinga and benefits." He
cannot seriously regret this, if it should turn out to be to. It is,
sir, a small matter, and will be go legarded. Por he will not
deny that he is for a reduction of the currency, and that such a
reduction, in bis opinion, will reduce prices, and consequently
the price of la'jor, for the reasoning of most of his speech goes
to that point. Nor will he deny that, in his opinion, the bill
tends to reduce the currency, and will thus carry out these
views a* far as its provisions can carry them. It is, therefore,
part and parcel of this policy, and has been and is so under-
stood every where. It is too late to come with such a com-
plaint, aa the Senator might have corrected and fixed the
limit of influiyicehcaacnbed to the bill, if lie bail chosen to do-
it, on the spot, or he might have (Tone it at this time, in un-
objectionable terms, if that wa«his only purpose. Am 1, under
mch circumstances, tobe rebuked for inferring that his argu-.
menta had some conner.tien with the bill? The bill was the
topic of discussion: and it is singular, when the speech was
chiefly spent on banks, currency, and the reduction of prices,
that we should infei that die arguments were designed to have
some pertinent application to the subject? That they were
designed to enforce and illustrate the policy to be introduced
by the measure Under consideration? If they were not urged
lor this purpose, for what end were they brought forward.
But, sir, my object in rising was announced in the outset
to be limited to a reply to the doctrines and opinions of the
Senator, and chiefly to those which related to manufac.uring
and labor. My attention was attracted by these, as my speech
fully proves, and my object was to test their soundness, and
not weigh or consider the exact influences of the bill in carry-
ing out these doctrines and opinions. The power of the bill
wa* a subordinate matter, and will he so considered by the
public. It may answer to talk about here, but will be of
little avail. Attention is and will be directed to the p ilicy;
to the reduction of wages and property advocated by the 6ena-
t r. The puUic mill be content, as 1 am, that he should
limit the power of the bin where he pleases, while his argu-
ments show its tendency iiLtowarasthe establishment of hie
general policy. The doctrines and principles advanced will
go out with it, and they must be subjected to scrutiny, as they
e innot be shut out of view by a controversy about the probable
degreeof effect of the bill. The doctrines goto «be German
standard of prices; a-d at that point they will hold the Senator.
But, in the opinion of the fcenator, I make him a hard money
man, contrary to my express admission that he is for a mixed
currency. Notso. He makes himself such, against his own
declarations. He takes both grounds, and I give him credit for
'' in mv speech; and it is for him, and not for me, to harmonize
fie opinions.
The Senator has reiterated an isolated sentence of my
speech, and again infers that I have represented him as argu.
mg tnat wages and proparty will be reduced one half. 1 have
several times told him distinctly thateuch wa  not my mean,
ing, not wm it the fa« construction of the whole text. I ar-
gued «imply that he was in favor of reduction, without In-'
tenths to gay how much;.   J unfed him that my purpose
did no go beyond that. This was due to him, for he gave
a meaning to the language that was not designed to be con-
veyed. With this he is not centent, but persists in hi? own con-
struction, re-asserting it in acrimonious language. While
he does this, he admits that if he had made such a proposition,
it might have been justly characterized as tlagaious. Now, sir,
Heave you and all others to determine whether a reduction
of wages and property to German prices, with labor at a
few pence a day, is a descent of one-half; whether such a
process reaches hard money, whether it will "cover the coun-
try with blessings and benefits," or be flagitious.
Sir, the Senator isofopinion that I would hold him and hi*
friends up as enemies of the laborers. This again is a great
mistake. I have spoken of his opinions, his statements,and
his views of policy—not of his motives or feelings. I have
traced his arguments out into their consequences, and left the
matter there for approval or condemnation—but have neither
held the Senator, or his friends, up as enemies of any body.
If I could be surprised at any thing, it would be at the tone
assumed in this controversy. The Senator talks of my hec-
toring him, and one wauld think he considered me the ag-
gressor. Sir, letall who have heard and witnessed what has
passed, bear testimony to the unfounded character of such a
suggestion, and to the manner in which the Senator proceeded
to correct what at most could be no more than a misappre-
hension. The matter is unprovoked, and of the Senator's
ownseekinz. Any misapprehension would have been cheer-
fully setright, i: it had been pointed out in terms of courtesy.
But i he Senator chose to make this appeal in the way and
manner in which it has been done, accorpanied by language
which is unparliamentary, ungentlemanly, and untrue; and
let the tribunal to which he has appealed decide between us,
and determine whether 1 have met his complaints, and whe-
ther there is the least ground to sustain his charge of misre-
presentation.
IN SENATE,
Tdesdat, February 25, 1840
Mr. TALLMADQE presented certain,
tions of the Le°i4uure of the Slate of Ne
adverse to ihe Independent Treasury bill,
Mr. T. went at much leneth inio an
tion of the polcv of the  Administration,
course of the  Executive in relation to  t
Treasury bill.    When in was first broached
President's menage, in 1837, it was the whole sub-
ject of the nie-sage, and in the success of this single
measure was involved the success of all the mea-
sures of his Adaii'iistraiion.    He brought forward
no other propositi >n, and it was soon made known
that those who could not support this Sub-Treasury
bill could not support his re-election.   He (Mr. T)
was in a peculiar and trying situation.   It was the
first question of moment with which he had differ-
ed witV ihe President and the supporters of his
Administration.   The issue was made,  and ihe
people of New York decided against the policy of
the Administration.   Th s was not deemed con-
clusive, and they had again, in  1838, and yet
again, in 1839, pronounced their condemnation of
it.    They bad thus parsed three several limes on
the policy of  ihe Executive, and. after- all these
decisions, his colleague, [Mr. Wright,] who was
the sole representative of that Sta'e on the floor of
the Senate when the Independent Treasury bill wa$
before them, had voted for its passage.   Had he
(Mr. T) been similaily situated, he would have
felt it his duty to have regarded the expression* of
public sentiment, and have acted differently. That
his colleague was the only representative of hi*
State for so long a pericd, was not his (Mr. T's>
fault.   The political friends of his colleague had
prevented an election at the last session of the Le-
gislature.    At ihe present it was known that a ma-
jority in both branches were opposed to the Sub-
Treasury  bill, and of course it  was known that
they would s-nd a Senator here who would repre-
sent their sentiments and those of the people of
State on this subject     He reprefed that under
these circumstances   ihe bill thoull have hern
harried through this body before the State of ííew
York had  an opportunity  of  being heard.   He
saw by tt e newspapers how it had been hurried
through on the la t evening, and when the Senator
from Maryland, at a late hour in the afternoon,
requested the Senate to adjourn, the usu  I courtesy
on such occasions was denied him.   He thought
that such a refusal, under such circumstances, \i as
unprecedented, in the annals of the Senate.
Mr. BENTON said the Senator was mistaken;
there had been similar refusal?, and under much
less excusable circumstances. During the Bank
panic, when the Opposition had the majority in
that chamber, they atiempted to break him down
by physical eihausii n; and to prevent it he was:
oatapelledto resort: to the' use of expedients, and
*  was done in a sultry day in June,   •' ' ■
■. ;=IrSü*.-T-.l   ->'   "     •--      '■•■.'-
Mr. TALLMADGE. This cccured before
his time, and was probably during the ex 
citing debates on the removal of the deposites;
but he repeated, that under the circumstances,
he regretted that the bill was pas3ed so pre-
cipitately. His colleague was chairman of the
committee who had the bill in charge, And had he
requested some delay on the bill, it would bave
been granted, and he would not have been thought
chargeable with a seeming want of courtesy. His
col.eague was aware of his election, and should
he not have waited for h;s arrival here, so that
his Legislature and Sate should have had
an opportunity of beng heard on the bull
Though th se resolutions might not have been
past-ed at ihat period, it was perfectly well known
they would pass, and this, it might have bren
expected, would have had some influence on his
colleague's cotme, and if he bad not waited for
his (Mr. T's) arrival, he might at least have wait-
ed for ihe expression of the sentiment ot the Le-
gislature of his Stata, especially as his colleague
professes to be of that school of politicians who
recognise the right of instruction. These resolu-
tions explain the objections to the Sub-Tteasury.
they oppose it because its effect will be to pro-
duce two currencies in the country—one appre-
ciated, and the other depreciated. The better
currency of gold and silver coin will be for the
offi. ers of the Government, and the bater, of de-
preciated bsnk paper, will be for the people.
Add to this the doctrines recently put forth by
tho e in the confidence of the Execu ive—that it
is the policy of this Administration to bnnx
down the wages of labor in ihis country to a
level with that received by the paupers of Ea«
rope—and it will be seen there is jost cause
of alarm to the friends of our fiee institutions.
Mr. WRIGHT said h? should not have felt
called upon lo participate in in s debate at all, had
not the remarks of his colleague, in relation to the
passage of the Independent Treasury bill in this
bndy, been made personal in their application to
himself; but as they liad been so made, it was ne-
cessary that he should make a more minute sta e-
ment of the facts, and of his own course, in r. la-
tion to the action of the Senate upon that measure,
than he had done upon a former occasion, when
called out from the same qaaner.
Preliminarily, however, he was bound to confess,
though he did not pretend to be very well schooled
in questions of courtesy, it did appear to his mind
as somewhat singular that he should be arraigned
ftr want of courtesy as a Sens tor, by one who was
not, at the time the transaction complained, of oc-
curred,, either present, or a member of the body.
The Senate, as then constituted, was the tribunal
to which he was properly  as he was willingly, re-
sponsible for the,propriety or impropriety of his
conduct npon that and all other occasion*, when
he acUd her?. Those who were then Sena'ors,and
were present, saw and heard, ,aad could judge.
Upon their judgments he..3 ^wjlh'ng.to rest the
matter. To, iheai, and to them only, wa  he
amenable for his course: and he wpuíd now t*U bis
colleague, as he had told him upon a former peca-
sio#, that he would not discuss, on this floor, with
him or any other man, the propriety of his acts
within these walls, touching any mater transaced
here when the complainant wfs ntt a member of
th* Senate. This, hehoppd, would end this mater
between him and his colleague here. If the gen-
tleman chose to d scuss this, or any t ther topic,
touchirg his cour.-e and conduct, elsewhere, tie
was at liberty to do so. The choice of the lime,
place, and manner, were open to him- Elsewhere,
h • might have rights in ihe matter, and he presumed
he would know how to exercise them wisely^but
here,he could have none.
As, however, his cotrse npon the occasions al-
luded to had been characterized* a* Vpreaifritata
and wanting in courtesy," it was due to himself,
and to those who ocmstiinttd, tb#Senate at that
time, that he should detail somewhat minutely thi
iaeta in relation to the action of ihe "body «pon taá
Iodepenffeat Treasary bill, during the present* £«*-
lien, that his coBStaueW* **d the country might
know wfch how maca propriety thi  charge bid
