w
Feb. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
26th Cowo......1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Tappan.
Senate.
nator suspect he could go through a camplete trans-
formation, and be insensible to the change ? Why,
sir we are so constituted  lhat we  cannot choose
but feel, and feel deeply, all great revolutions in
our c rcumstacc-s.   If a man, with an apparent
zeal and honesty, advocates any cause for a series
of years, so as to make himself not  only con-
spicuous   among  the advocates, of lhat  cau^e,
but one of the most honored, distinguished, and
trusted of ihose   advocates; if in   this   way  he
ideniiles himself with a great party, with the ma-
jority of his countrymen, and then, wi'hout any
reason, or for reasons common sen-.e seouisas frivo-
lous and unmeaning, he abandons (I will not say
his pnciples, for such men have no principles)
his party connections, all those he had professed
to love and honor, joins his and their   former
enem es, and is the loudest and most unprincipled
calumniator of his former associates, do you think
he can do all this, without feeling that he has
placr d him-elf 'in a peculiar and trying situation?
No, sir, no; human natute is much the same in
all; we are s>o con-truted tint we cannot decend
from a life of honor and virtue to acts of base
turpitude and   wickedness, without  feeling our-
selves   in   " a peculiar   and  trying  s tuation "
Do    you     think,   sir,    that   Benedict   Arnold
did   not    find    himself   in    " a   peculiar   and
trying   situation,"   when    he   resolved   to   be-
tray Irs country, to abandon his high and ho-
norable station, as the gallant soldier of liberty, and
sink into utter infamy1?    Undoub edly he did; and
although he burned and plundered the villages and
towns of his countiymen  with ravage forocity, to
ingratiate himself with his new friend*, if  you
c uld have h ard the voice of his conscience, it
would have told you that he found himself in "a
peculiar and trying situation."
When, sir, a public man steers his course by the
polar star of principle, he may be misunderstood;
he may be misrepresented; he may lose his popu-
lar ay; but he does not lose his honor, his self-pos-
sessoa and dignity. If public favor is withdrawn
from him, he retires to private life, and enjoys the
calm and peace of a mind at ease, and conscious of
rectitude; he is not reaching out his "itching palm,"
and whtninj about his "peculiar and trying situa-
tion."
And if, indeed, the Senator has chosen to place
himself in so very peculiar and trying a situation,
it gives him no authority to misrepresent the mo-
tives or actions of those with whom he had been
associated, although it may entitle him to the pity
of a'l men of honor and integrity.
Mr. MERRICK said that the Senator from Ohio,
in the course of his remarks, had sa-'d that a par-
ticular statement iu his (Mr. M's) published speech
"was not true." He wished to inquire of the
Senator whether, by this remark, he intended to
charge him with an intention to misrepresent facts.
Mr TAPPAN said that he was a plain spoken
man, and would say, w.th Martin Luther, that "he
generally called a spade a spade;" but he did not
say, or «ippuse, that the Senator intentionally mis
represented the facts: he only spoke of them as
they were.
Mr. MERRICK then gave a brief history of the
events previous to the passage of the bill. Having
stated that it was half af er five o'clock when he
moved the adjournment.
Mr. TAPPAN said the Senator was mistaken in
the hour; it was about a quarter past three
o'clock.
Several Sena'ors said that was about the time.
Mr. TALLMADGR appealed to the Senate,
whether he had not, m all nú intercourse with
members, treated them wuh the courtesy which
gentlemen owed to etch other, and to the station
they occupied. He was not in the habit of using
harsh woids there or elsewhere. He had no com-
plaint to make of hi* colleague on this score. He
would say that, as far as parliamentary and indi-
vidual courtesy were concernee, no man carried it
further than his colleague. It was hs uniferm
manner, and he thetrfally awarded this to him.
But, said Mr. T. my<s lleagae has misappreheud<d
me if he understood me as saywg lhat be belonged
to a school which avowed the- doctrine ofinstroc-
tipn, while I belonged to a different school,   Ijsaid
no such thing. But when we see Senators,, who
are professedly great admuers of the right of in-
stiuction, quibbling for want ot a technical word,
our confidence in the dictnne was a good deal
shaken. He did not sav h s colleague would do
this, but there had been instances ot it in th« Se-
nate. If I received int tructions, I would at once
carry out the wishes of my S'ate, or give her an
oppsr'unity of fil ing my place with another who
would represent her truly.
He was sorry that the Senator from Ohio had
thought it his duiy to intermeddle  in  this fami y
affair; and he would leave it to the Senate whettnr
it was done wi h parliamentary or individual cour-
tesy.   The term tr itorhad been applied to him by
pol tical s'ang whangers, buthe dil r.ote pect to
hear it from one who had snmcent respectability
of charac'er to obtain a «eat onthi* floor.    Traitor
to what"? To principe? No: a tiaitor to partv. And
for a difference mpolitical sentiment, am I to be
branded as a traitüi? to be c mpared to Arnold?
The Senator ta'ks of what he knows nothing about,
and reminds me of a certain Brit sh lord's puppy,
who did not get his eyes open until he was about to
be drowned.    But the Senator is the very personi-
fication of Lrco Focoism.    H<* professes to be one
of the Simon Purrs of that school.    He  also pro-
fesses another ptinciple,  which is a very natural
one f >r a Loco Foco.    1 have seen it stated in the
newspapers, that when the news of the Southamp-
ton insurrect on  reached Ohio,  the   Senator ex-
pressed his willmsness to furnish powr'er and  b-ill
to the negroes.   This  feeling   was only carrying
out the destructive docTines   of Loco Focoism.
He represents me as sayn? tint New  York is
the whole Unirn, and that all lesislation must «irp
until she is fully represented.    I sai I no such thing,
and pronounce it a   misrepresentation—uninten-
tional no doubt.    It is likely  if that Senator had
his way, on« Sena'or would  be  thought sufficient
for New York, provided he be always right.     He
would not follow the example of the Senator from
Ohio, and invade her territory: there is one there
already who is used to repel invaders, and he will
take care of the gentleman.    He calls me a traitor.
If I am a traitor, then are the peop'e of New York,
whose representative I am, a tra tor.   Let him
come within her borders ami s*y this to her sons,
and they will treat him wuh tne scorn and con-
tempt he deserves.
Mr. HENDERSON rose to a point of order.
He would inquire of the Chair whether he consi-
dered the course of remarks now indulged in as
being wi hin ihe ru'es of order.
The CHAIR slated that he had avoided any in-
terference, because he trusted to the Senate to pre-
serve i's own dignity and the order of the body.
He relied on the sense of honor and decorum of
the Senators lo treat each other with that re-pect
and courtesy which is alike doe to each other as
gentlemen and the station they occupied. Since the
Senator from Mississippi, however, hao* raised the
point of order, he would say that he considered th*>
remaiks of the Senator from New York as tran-
scending Ihe limits of parliamentary courtesy. He
regretted to be compelled to say this, but it was a
duty imposed upon him by th- position he held as
the presiding officer of the body, and when he knew
bis duty he could discharge it.
Mr. TALLMADGE approved of the sentiments
of the Chair, and would endeavor to observe his
injunctions. All he had said was to repel the rude
attack of the Senator fiom Ohio. Mr. T. then
went into a hi torv of his d fference with the Pre>i-
dent on the Sub-Treasury bill. He said his course
in relation to that bill was taken by the adv.ee and
sane ion of the highest political authority in his
State; but since that time, these very men who
urged him to the course, had denounced him as a
deserter.
Mr TAPPAN. The Senator from New York
charges me vr'vh " interfering between him and his
colleague;" with " invading his Sia'e," with med-
dling with new York politics. The Senator rose in
bis place and uttered a long and rambling speech,
in which he censured his colleague, and in no very
modera'e terms charged the majority of this Senate
with having passed the Independent Treasury Bill
precipitately, and, witk the djshoncst purpose of
preventing him from recording his vote against it.
Was I to sit here, bir, a «lent listener to his foul
slanders of the majority of this body, with which I
had acted? Are we bound to submit to a'l manner
of contumely and reproach? No, s r, no; the Sena-
tor sba 1 exercise no such privilege here without
ihe rebuke he merits. I interfered not between
him and his colleague; T invaded not his Siate; I
meddled not with New York politics: but I in-
form*d the Senator that there were other Smtes in
this Union than New York, and other Senators
here whose u hts were to be regarded, besides him
whom his fie leader pronounced fresh from the
people.
But the Senator comphins that I apply "odious
epi'hets to h<m." I have applied no epithet-: I
have supposed what might have been the cause of
his finding him^eif in so ''very peculiar and tr>-
mg a s tuation" as he confessed he had been in for
some t me past. I did not say that his conduct
and character  er; paralleled by the conduct and
character of Benedict Arnold. It is the Se-
nator'* own conscience which adopts this pa-
rallel: it is ht that makes the hypothetical case his
own. The Senator says he is always courteous in
debate. What are his ideas of courtesy? He has
made several speeches here since he took his seat;
and what were they? The most low and vu gar
abu*e of all bis old friends and associates, a tirade
of newspaper s'ang and pot-house vituperation,
with frequent and most complacent reference to
•'bis speech"—a speech, when and where deli-
vered, I neither keow nor wish to know; but I
can tell the Senator this: I never heard of
"his speech" before, and, if it is as vulsar and
abusive as ihe speeches he delivers here, he would
do well to let it pass into oblivion without awaken-
ing a reco'lection of it, which can do him no ho-
nor. "Courteous in debate!" I submit to no
such courtesy. In my life, sir, 11 ave never heard
any man speak in public who was more abusive,
more calumnious, more careless, in his assertions;
he must btcomt courteous himself before he claims
to be treated with courtesy by others. The Sena-
tor calls himse'f a Democratic Whig, and says I
am a Loco Focc. I am indifferent what he calls
me; my enemies cannot change my name; near
fitly year* I have belonged to a party devoted lo
the support of sound Democratic pnncples. We
were calM Demccrats by way of reproach. What
was intended as a stigma, we adhered to us an ho-
nor; we clirr sh the name; it designates principles.
We do not charge our name annually as
the serpent changes his skin. I am a Demo-
crat, simply and purely; not, thank God, a Demo-
cratic Whig, nor a Whig Democrat.
But the Senat>r has teferied to a stale slander
lhat he has picked op in some newspaper or other.
I will not descend to answer a charge made on such
authority. I would scarcely nonce any charge on
the authority ot the Senator himself—much less the
stories which he picks up out of Whig newspapers.
No, sir; when a charge is brought against me, it
inu^t h%ve an endorser, and a good and substantial
endorser, and then I will answer it.
The Senator has a*serted lhat the policy of the
Administration tends to the establishment of " one
currency for the Government and another for the
people." One currency for the Government and
another for the people! Who are the pet p'e? Are
you, Mr. President, and is he not one of the people?
Does the mere fact of bis holding a seat in this bodv,
rai>e a man above the level of the people? Sir, he
may have a seat on this floor, and yet be in cha-
racter and standing, among his fellow men, evea
btlow the average of the people of his own State.
Thñ has been an oft-repeated charge, that {he
Democ atic party have established one cur-
rency for the Government and another for
the people: that, while we pay empeltres i 
gold and silver, the great muss of |he «*auBuni*y
are compelled to use a depreciated enrrency. He
would admit that the fact exielaol two currencies:
one the constitutional currency the©«ber the cur-
rency of piivate companies; l t whose fault is ill
Did the Governmentirjb>D«w>ciatic party esta-
blish the State bank** T * banks of all the States,
except Ohio, spurt of JSewYeri, have refused to
redeem iteir'paper, «*d «^7 are now fighting
