250
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
26t« Cono-«"1ít Sess.
against resumpion, and e-deavoring to supersede
the constitutional currency wi>h thtir irredeemable
tra>h. And we find the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Tallmadge ] and the party of which
the Senator has become a member, associated
with these banks, and giving them their
countenance and sappoit in their effort to
suppress the circulation of the legal cur-
rency of the country. With a disregard of
all troth and decency, the Administraron
are charged with causing this state of things. Bui
I thank the Senator tor his taunt, and I hope it
will be remembered and profit1 d by. The banks
even in this District, where we have exclus-ive ju-
risitctions refuse to ledeem their notes, and he
(Afir. Tappan) hoped, when the subject came
up for consideration, as it wou'd shortly, that Se-
nators wjold, so tar as their legislation is con-
cerned, relieve themselves from the od um of being
instrumental in establishing " one currency for the
Government and another for the people;"' tha,t th y
would sanction but one currency for the Govern-
ment and the people, and that a good and sub-
stantial one. I have no more to say, sir; my object
bas been X> lepel an unjust and unprovoked at-
tack; to let ihe Senator know that if he indu'ges
himself in such aitacks on me and my friends, he
most expect to be answ^r-d plainly and promptly.
I  go no further; for, from my soul, I pity the man,
who, to court the favor of new associates, finds
it n-ce^sary to abuse and vilify his old ones.
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, the resolutions
were ordered to be printed, and laid on the table.
SPEECH OF MH. BYNUM,
OF NORTH CAROLINA. /
J  the Houte of Representatives, concluded January
25, 1840—On the resolution of Mb? Thompson
of South Carolina, on the suHjcct oy Abolition.
Mr. BYNUM rose and san, he/iad much re-
gretted the progress of the bres/nt di-cussion,
sow going on before the Houie,/nd exceedingly
lamtn ed the character it had' jfesumed. It had
been his object, at an early staaj of ihe session, to
have arrested it by a move which he had then made,
but for wbich he had teen rebuke J, and read a lec-
ture from a quarter that he had least expected. He,
however, felt no disposition, at this time, to recri-
minate, and to wage war with those men who
wore the profession of friendship to the South. Tne
subject, to him, was of a magnitude tco immense
II involve in tt even a personal consideration, and
hs should endeavor, if possible, to soar above all
such.
- So far, in his judgment, this discussion had been
conducted entirely to the injury of one s?ction of
this country, and with the greatest injustice to one
ef the great paities in this House; for the complete
and entire vitdicaiion of both of which, it would
only be nece->siry to exhibit a plain statement of
the facts and ihe history of the subjects ¡Evolved, as
they have transpired, both here, in this House,
opon this floor, and elsewhere, within the last five
or six years, which, at a proper time, it is my de-
sign, at present, to do before I take my seat, if my
health and strength should sustain me in the tñon.
But before he proceeded to that part of the subjec ,
he begged the Houfe to excuse him, while he no-
ticed several remarks that had fallen from different
gentlemen who had preceded him on the opposite
side.
The first of whom, whose remarks he wculd no-
lice, were those of the very honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams.]   That gentle-
man had taken bold ground?.   The gentleman had
said, in substance, that b«fore ihe rights of ihe
Abolitionists to petition upon the subject of slavery
should be thwarted by this House, the whole people
of the non-s'aveholdmg States would rise en masse,
to revenge an indignity so flagrant, and so viola-
tive of their constitutional rights.   Now, sir, said
Mr. B. before a right can he violated, it appeared
to him that some evidence at least of its existence
*hould  be made to appear.    If the venerable and
honorable member   means that the Abolitionists
have any right to the slaves of the South, or inte-
ret in its existence there, then I would listen to his
argument in demonstration of its violation by any
action of this House,   Sir, has be attempted, bas
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Bynum
he condescended to attempt, to show this? Then
how has a right been violated, that never has ex-
is'ed? The whole of such arguments are founded
upon assumption, end assumption alone; and what
is such an assumption hut a usurpation, or an at-
tempt to usurp an interest, or the right in an inte-
rest, that never did exist, by purchase, acqui-
escence, gift, or contract? Sir, the whole idea of
violaung a light that never existed, is both utopean
and ridiculous.
But, say gentlemen, the right is derived from the
constitut.onal compacts. The Constitution, they
say, has granted the right, by declaring that "Con?
gress shall make no law respecting an establish-
ment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise
thereof; or abridging ihe freedom of speech, or of
th? pres*; or ihe right of the people peaceably to as-
semble and petition the Government for a redress of
grievances." Now, s;r, is ttvs the right to which
they allude? If so, it is clearly no right at all, by
a fair construction of that instrument: an impar-
tial interpretation will not justify an inference so
ab-ud-
The whole object of this clause was to remove
the inn ciion of some grievance, erher personal or
political. Thst the grievances complained of by
the retiioners are personal, no man has been bold
enough yet to contend; that they are in any way
personally aflf cted by the existence of s'avery, at
i a distance of hundreds an I thousands of miles
from fhem, it will hardly be contendei. The
gri?vance complained of, then, so far, is wholly
imaginary, and totally unworthy of further consi-
deration. So far as the police of sUv«ry aftec'.s
them politically, it is equally imaginary and te-
móte; from which it is evident thituo grievance
from it has existed amongst, and b en experienced
from it by, the petitioners. The whole complaint
of grievance, therefore, is merely ileal, and does
not oxi<t in fact. The framers of ihe Constitution
were p'aetical men, and their whole obje t was to
form a practical Government, for the redress, not
oí ideal, imaginary grievances, but substantia), ex-
is'ing wrongs, directly affecting person  and com-
munities. Such, sir, were the objects of those
illustrious sages who were the architects of that
glorious instrument, whose subversion is now
sought, under the flimsy garb of the right to peti-
tion, whether for a redress of grievances or not,
real or imaginary.
To indulge for a moment the idea that the pa-
triots who formed the Const tut ion contemplated a
redress of grievances, so remote and imaginary as
that complained of by the whole brood fanatic, is
a slander, if not a libel, on their memories.
The clause of the Constitution, then, to which
repeated allusions have been made, refers exclu-
sively to grievances, tangible, real, and substantial;
and there cannot be a doubt of its framers having
no other in contemplation at its formation. This,
then, does not appear to me ever to have been one
of those lejtt mate subjects of grievances entfr-
tained by the founders of the Government. The
right of petit on, then, sir, so far, may be well
questioned, where there is neither interest nor grie-
vance upon which to found the right to redress. It
is manifest, therefore, that the right oí petition is
a relative one, and reíales immediat- ly to a redress
of a substantial and direct grievance, and to none
others, as a ccn'rary supposition would involve a
glaring absurdity and impracticabili'y, to carry out
which, there can be no practical, sagacious sates-
man that does no; now see that this whole country
will be deluged with the blood of its own citizens
Such a right, if it were possible for it to exist, is
too obscure and remote to be yielded, without con-
vulsing to the very centre of the entire Republic. No
man will yield it; and a'l are ready now to resist
it, at the hazard of all that can make life desirable:
and he that cou'd desire its discussion, under pre-
sent circumstance*, here, must be bliDd, and of the
most obtuse intel'ect—one who cannot have ens
siBgle honest feeling for the tranquillity, peace, and
prosperity of our common country.
If ever the sacred compromise of the Constitu-
tion is rescinded, this will be the very ques'ion that
will blow its sacred fragmen's into a thousand
atoms. Yes, sir, it is to he th; fatal rocfc upon
which this mighty vessel of State, ia which we
H ol Reps,
have so triumphantly sailed for the bei'er part of a
century, will be wrecked and shivered into atoms:
and any statesman, after reviewing what has trans-
pired here within a few days past, is too blind to
deserve a seat here, if he has noi been able to per-
ceive it.
The whole object of the petitioners is without li-
cense from the Constitution, and in opposition to
the understanding of every member of the con-
tention that framed that instrument. This has not,
nor cannot, be denied eren by the learne 1 gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams ] Bnt («ays
that honorable gentleman) his efforts are made in
deience of a form—a mere etiquette, I suppose—
which by him is placed far beyond the duties that
we owe to preserve the Constitution and the
Un'on. Sir, the idea is preposterous, and can
receive tolerance only from bookmen, unprac-
tised in the art of life, and who alone are fami-
liar with the impracticable theories of the closet:
and here let nae say to gentlemen, the prayer of
Ae petitioner* is not only more unconstitutional
than their grant would be inexpedient and impiac-
ticabie Then why, ag-un I would ask, this agia-
tioa—mis continued ertort to dis-turb the peace and
harmony of the countrv? The gentleman f om
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] says, that the South
have caused it—that they keep up the agitation.
Ho\7 mon-trous! the Sou>h the cause of it! Who
hive regularly introduced the .subject for the last
six years by folos ot petitions—the South? No,
sir: 'be idea is ridiculors, no matter from whit
quar er it comes. The SJuih have only besjf ed to
be let alone. Let her institutions alone, and this
is all she asks; and this she never mentions, unil
you attempt here, on this floor, to invade her rights
of propeitv, and the safety and security ot her
persons. Th s is the agitation that the South is
suilty of here, through her Representatives except
a few, who play in the hands of the Abolitionists
for political effect, reiardless of their sacred alle-
giance to the South, and i's vtal interests.
Mr. Speaker, said Mr. B. I have been amused
for ihe few days past at the declarations of gentle-
men who have embarked here in the cause of the
Abolitionists, while I have felthumiha'ed, at timen,
as a Southern man; and I doubt whether to at-
tribute such declarations to arrogance, or to their
want of a bitter knowledge of Southern men, ttttA
of Southern character.    Gentlemen say, just let
them take this matter in their hands, and they will
manage it so as to quiet the Abolitionists, and to
secure the peace of the coun'ry; we to the South
do not understand this subject as well as them-
selves.   Sir, this we have been told by the honora-
ble members successively from Massachusetts, two
from New York,   and   one from Pennsylvania,
[Messrs. Adams, Biddle, Granger, and Hunt.]
Most modest and h'gh minded gentlemen!   Sir,
this is adding insult to injury.    What! yield to you
the right and privilege of set ling for  us and our
constituents this momentous question.    Heavens!
what a reqnest.   Have you not, in this, impeached
either our integrity or competence?   Surely, gentle-
men, you are dreaming.    You ssttle this question
for the South?   Never! never!   I deny your inte-
rest in it, and repel the implication of ignorance on
the subject    Sir, I throw it back, not in retort, but
as a fact which may be clejrly demonstrated by
your own declarations here, displaying a mo?t en-
tire want of knowledge: yes, practical knowledge
not only of the subject before us, but  an entire
want of knowledge of the characters with whom
you have to deal en the sabj*ct.
You settle this question for us, without one par-
ticle of interest in it, and wi hout the most ordina-
ry pracleal knowledge of it; and we, who have
every t >ing near and dear to man at stake, to set
by, as mere idle spectators of the scent? Surely,
I say, Mr. Sppaker, gentleman have forgotten the
theme on wbich they are disposed te speak. No,
sir; this is a Southern question, exclusively so,
and must be, and will be, settled by Southern men,
until they bocome tractors to their country and
themselves. Bat, s ys the honorable member
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams] they dread
discussion coolly on this subject, and tells us that
he is prepared to discuss the subject coolly and
without agitation.   Indeed, si,r, flrhat has the none-
