£52
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
26th Cong« «1st Srss.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Bynum.
H. of Reps.
consider the petition , is altogether erroneous; that
it only increases tbeir number, and keeps up ihe
agnation of thesnbject. If, says he, vou will re-
ceive, discuss, and teport on ihem, you will pnt ar-
guments in the mouths of those that oppose tbem,
that will t factually stlsr.ee their complaints.
Wuh what tiuth this assertion is made, (without
impeaching the gentleman's veracity, as I dare
say he believes what he has said ) I will show, by
incontestable evidence, bet<re I conclude.     Bu
that a gentleman ot his distinguished talents could
expect such a thing for such an object, is truly ex-
traordinary.     What, sir, does the gentleman ask?
To give up a great cons'dtuiional question, in ad-
ía tting the petitions to be received, debated, ai d
decided on by this House for the mere experiment
of potting arguments in the mouths of certain gen-
tlemen who protess to be our fiiends, bat never
vote with us, to enable them to meet and silence
the complaints of the Abolitioaists at home?   Was
the gentleman aware of the price that it was to
cost us to pat arguments in his mouth by abandon-
ing the grounds that we have so long and uniform-
ly taken apt n this most vital question?   Was he
aware that it amouoed to a direct request to sur-
render to the Abolitionists the great constitutional
grounds that we so locghave conendrd for, and
lesolved on maintaining, at the hazard of life and
fortune, and all that is dear to man upon this earth?
Would it not virtually be placing the whole ques-
tion in the power of Congress, at once, for an ex-
periment, that I will show has already been tried
and   failed   e/fectcally?   Such a  course   would
be   treasonable to   every   vital   interest of the
Sooth.     The admission of their right of action,
which amounts to a jurisdiction of the question by
Congress, is the first great point that the friends of
the Abolitionists desire to effect here; and, sir, if
this be the friendship of the gentleman, may the
Lord deliver the South from such fiiends.
When the day arrives that this House a'tempts
to assume the jurisdiction of this subjpct, and dis-
cuss it here, the days of ihe Republic will be num
be red, and he who could desire to bring about suth
a discussion, can have bat little love for the bles-
sings arising from the freest Government on the
earth, and it is a poor compliment indeed to the
intel'igence of any Southern man, to suppose that
he could be induced, for a moment, to tolerate a
proposition so monstrous.
I know, Mr. Speaker, and regret it most sin-
cerely too, that there has been a resolution intro-
duced by a Southern man,* [Mr Chinn of Lousi-
ana,] in the debate of the 3d January, at which
the Abolitionists and their friends here have taken
new courage, on which they build their greatest
hope of success in entering this House. Such
a proposition is all, I know, that tbe gen lit man
from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] has been con-
tending for here, for the last six years, and is all
that the Abolitionists themselves expect to pain at
present; but, sir, this unfortunate resolution cannot
meet with the approbation op the Sooth.
I will now, sir, once more, and for the la t time,
if this débale, pay my respects <o the honorable
m-mber from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Biddle,] a gen-
tleman, I confess, wor hy of respect, both by the
correctness of his deportment, and his distin-
goished talents. The gentleman informed the
Houce that he had resolved to leave us; that he
was done with public life, and had no motives to
misrepresent any thing here. Bat, s.r, as he retires,
Parthian like, he forgets not to hurt back, as he
flies, Uis rankling javelin at his unvanqnished foes.
He mo«t adroitly, I wi*l not say insidiously, has
introduced in this deba'e, not for political effect,
I hope, the opinitns of the distinguished individual
*Mr. Chinn demanded the yeas and nay, which were or-
dered.
Mr. C. said that, before the question was taken, he would ask
that a resolution which he would send to the Clerk's tahle, and
which he intended to offer in case of the rejection of the other,
might be read for wfoi mation.
The Speaker said it could only be read by leave.
The resolution was read as follows:
Resolved, That all petitions, memorials, resolutions, and
addresses of every description, touchingthe abolition of Iavery
in the District of tJolumbia, or in the States or Territories, or
in any manner relating to the existence of slavery or the slave
trade in the United States, be referred, without debate, to a se-
lect committee, with instructions to consider and report
theieon.
who is now at the head of this Administration. I
saw, sir, tbe chuckle and smile of approbation that
it created in a cei tain quai ter, and I thought then
how easy it would be, by a tuller statemen' of facts,
to convert those smiles into lamentations and
mourning. Now sir, 1 will not accuse the gentle-
man from Pennsylvana of wanting candor, but If
he had read but a few paragraphs more, fiom the
communication of the President to the Jackson
committee, he would have deprived me of the
trouble of doing it myself. ♦ He read, however,
only enough of that document to place the Piesi-
dent in a fa'se position before the public, to the
entire gratification, of his enemies both here and
abroad. Now I hold in my hand the same docu-
ment, and will read more fully his opinions
upon the subject referred to, and to show why they
were received, as satisfactory to tl<e South. In his
reply to a committee of gentlemen, who addressed
Mr. Van Buren on the subject, from the town of
Jackson, North Carolina, under date, "Washing-
ton, March 6, 1836," he sa\s:
Thus viewmi the matter, I would not, from the lights now
befóte mc, fuel myself safe in pronouncing that Congress does
not possess ti e piwer of interfering with, or abolishing slavery
in the Distnct oi Columbia.
Now, sir, so far the honorable member saw fit
to read, and no farther, from this document, and
here was he disposed to leave the subject of Mr.
Van Buren's opinions to the ed fication ©f his
enemies, both South and North; but I will supply
the omission, and wU commence with the very
next word, and read the paragraph through, ami
to which I invoke the attention ol every gentleman
from the Nonh and South. The next sentence
after the word "Columbia," where the honorable
member from Pennsylvania left off, begins thus:
But, whilst such are my present impressions upon the ab-
stract question of the legal power of Congiess—impressions
which I shall at all times be not only ready, but disposed to sur-
render upon conviction of error, I do not hesitate to give it to
you as my ''chberate and well considered opinion, that there
are objections to the exercise of this power against the wishes
of the slaveholdine States, as imperative in their nature and
obligations, in regulalingthc conduct of public men,o  the
most f alpable want of constitutional poteer would be.
This concludes the pat «graph. Now, sir, how
different is the inference from that made by the
honorable member from Pennsylvania? What
S >ulhern man, uncontaminated by political preju-
dices, could desire more? Here Mr. Van Buren
declares to the woild, in language emphatic, that
the reasons for opposing the exercise of the power
to abolish slavery in the District evfn, (mark that,)
are "<i« imperative in their nature and obligations
* * * os the most palpable want of constitution xl
power would be." Now does he not acknowledge
in ihi', that the obligations on htm are equally bind-
ing with any of a constitutional nature; and what
more could an honct, hoiorab'e people desire? If
he would not obey ths one, he certainly would
not the other. But I will real another extract to
quiet, if possible, the consciences of gentlemen.
From t',e same document, says he:
I prefer that not only you, but all the people of the United
States, shall now understand, that if the desire of that portion
of them which is favorable to my elevation to the Chief Magis-
tracy, should he gratified, I must g  into the Presidential
Chair the inflexible and uncompi omisirtg opponent of any
attempt on the part of Congress t  abolish slavery in tbe
Dstrictof Columbia, against the wishes of the slaveholding
States; and, also, with a determination, equally decided, to re-
sist the slightest interference wuh the subject in the States
where it exists.
Here, again, we have a reiteration of the same
declarations in substance: "I must go into the Pre-
sidential chair the inflexible anil uncompromising
opponent to any attempt on the part of Congress
to abolish slavery in the District," &c.
Here is an additional confirmation of what I be-
fore read, but which the member from Pennsylva-
nia did not real. And again I say, what more
could have been asked? What further was neces-
sary to be added to satisfy any man wrnse object
was truth, in relation to ih>s momentous subjfet.
Had his declarations been all that he made then,
they would have teen sufficient f >r any inquirer af-
ter truth. But I will read further frcm the same.
Said he:
I do, therefore, believe that the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia, against the wishes of the slaveholding
¡States, (assuming that Congress has the power to effect it,)
would violate the'spirit of that compromise of interests which
lies at the basis of our social compacts; and I am thoroughly
eonv meed that it could not be so done without imminent peril,
if not certain destruction, to the union of the States. Viewing
the matter in this light, it is my clear and settled opinion that
the Federal Government nught to abstain from doing se, and
that it is Ihe sacred duty of those whom the people of the Uni-
ted States entrust with the control of its action, so to use the
constitutional power, wuh which they are invested, as to pre-
vent it.
Sir, could a position on this subject be more
clearly defined? Could the South, if they ever in-
tended to support a Northern man, expect to get
one more explicit, more de^ Med, more satisfactory?
I submit it to every man of reflection, that has the
least candor or honesty about h m. "So to u^e the
constitutional power as to prevent it." Can any
man doubt the meaning of thi ? No, sir; no, sir;
there are none who look to the interest of the
South, and pl?ces this subjfet above his paltry
party feelings. But let me tell gent'emen, long
before the date of this le ter, Mr. Van Buren ex-
pressed similar sentiments to the above, when he
was not before the pople as a candidate for their
suffrages for the Pr. s'dency of the United States.
In a letter to Mr. Gwmn, of the State of Missis-
sippi, in 1834, he uW this language, in reply to
one w/itten to him on this subject:
My opinions on the subject of the pi wer of Congress over
slave property in the Southern States are so well understood by
my friends, that I am surprised thatan attempt to impose upon
the public respecting them should be hazan'ed. The subject is,
in my judgment, exclusively under the control of the State Go-
vernmenis; and I am not apprised, nor do I believe that a con-
trary opinion to an extent deserving conSidera'ion, is entertained
in any part of the United States. The charge, therefore, to
which you have had the goodness to call my attention, that I
am in favor of an interference by Congress in manumitting
your slave propeuy, is destitute of foundation; so far frum it,
1 do not see on what authority the General Government could
interfere without a change of the Coustitution, even ai the in
stance of either or of all the slaveholding S ates.
Here, sir, is an avowal of the same sentiment ,
without reserve, or equivocation. This letter was
written two year* before his election to the Chief
Magistracy; yet win all ths evidence befure us,
there are those so reckless, or ignarant, and despe-
rate, a < to charpe his supporters at the South of
having betrayed the interest of the South upon this
great question of Southern rights for yield-
ing him their support. But how has Mr.
Van Buren ac'ed since these declarations and
pledges were given? Has he defauled in the least iu
any one respect? No, sir. His very fir&t act after
his election, was to renew those soletna pledges in
the face ot the world. In his inaugural address,
he embraces the very first occasion to dec'are him-
self on this absorbing subjtct. Here, sir, arehs
sentiments as delivered to the American people in
that most valuab'e and celebrated address.
Mr. B. then read the following extracts:
The last, perhaps the greatest, of the prominent sources of
discordand disaster supposed to lurk in our political condition,
was the institution of domestic slavery. Our forefathers were
deeply impressed wtth the delicacy of this subject, and they
treated it with a forbearance bo evidently wise, that in spite of
every sinister foreboding, it never, until the present period, dis-
turbed the tranquillity of our common country. Such a result
is sufficient evidence of the justice and patriotism of their
course; it is evidence not to be mistaken, that an adherence to
it can prevent all embarrassment from this, as well as from
every other an'icipated cause of difficulty or ('anger. Have
not recent events made it obvious to the slightest reflection,
that the least deviation from this spirit of forbearance is inju-
rious to every interest, that of humanity included") Amidst the
violence of excited passions, this generous and fraternal feel-
ing has been sometimes disregarded; and standing as I now oo
before my countrymen in this high place of honor and of trust,
I cannot refrain from anxiously invoking my fellow citizen 
never to be deaf to its dictates. Perceiving, before my elec-
tion, the deep interest this subject was beginning to excite, 1 be-
lieved ica solemn duty fully to make known my sentiments in
regard to it; and now, when every motive for misrepresenta-
tion has passed away, I trust that they will be candidly weighed
and understood: at least, they will be my standard of conduct
m the path before mc. I then declared that, if the desire of
those of my countrymen who were favorable to my election
was gratified, '/ must go into the Presidential chair the in-
flexible and uncompromising opponent of every attempt, on
th'. part of Congress, to abolish slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia, against the wishes of the slaveholding States; and also
wuh a determination equally decided to resist t e slightest in-
terference with it in the States where it exists.' I submittal
also to my fellow-citizens, with fullnesaand nankness, the rea-
sons which led me to this determination The result authorize"
me to believe that they have been approved, and are confided
in, by «majority of the people of the United Surtes, including
those whom tlicv most immediately affect. It note only re-
mains to add, that no bill conflicting with these views can
ever receive my constitutional sanction.
Such, sir, are the sentiments contained in his
inaugural address to the people of this coun ry.
'•No bill," says he, "conflicting with these views,
en ever receive my constitutional sanction."
What equivocation, Ronccmmittalism, or mental
reserre, is here shown! What more, again I a«k«
can any true friend to the South dewre on this
subject ? and how has Mr. Van Buren demeaned
himself, since bis elevation to the Presidency, np°B
