Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
¿55
86th Cono.......IstSess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Bynum.
H. of Reps.
voted in the negative on the adoption of the reso-
lution, and begged to be corrected, if he had made
a mistake.
Such is the evidence of the facts, at that session,
as exhibited by the records of the House and the
journals of that body. The adoption of this reso-
lution put the subject to rest during that session,
and we heard no more of it until the Twenty-fifth
Congress. Sir. we have been amused, or rather
entertained, with homilies and loig dissertations
about the right of petition, a right that to man
here or elsewhere denies in its constitutional sense.
It reminds me much of the barrel thrcwn out to
amuse the whale while the vessel eseapes with its
freight. It is done to efFect two objects: one to
make a favorable issue with Abolitionists, he other
to delude us while they strike for Abolition. It
shows ihe arts of the old enemy, emanating from
tke craft family. To expose this duplicity and
double dealing, I call the atention of the House
and the American public to the journal's ol the third
seis.on of the Twenty firih Congress, December 20,
page 195, where tbey will find recorded, in these
words, [reading from the journal,]
The House proceeded to the consideration of the memorial
of Isaiah Stokes and two hundred and ninety-two otliei meu,
and of Rachael Frank and three hundred and four other women,
ot the town of Storks-.-orough and us vicinity, in the State of
Vermont, praying the abolition ol slavery and the slave trade
in the District of Columbia, presented by Mr. Blade on the 18ih
instant; and of the motion made by Mr. Slade on that day that
the taid memorial be referred to a select committee.' When
Mr. Slade modified said motion, as fellows: That the said memo
nal be i eferred to a select committee, with instructions to re-
port a btll providing for the abolition of slavery and the
slave trade in the District of Columbia.
I pray every Southern man in this nation te look
at this, and weigh well its authority.    He.e i- a di-
rect proposition to effect the de->ired object, comirg
immediately from one who, of aM others, ought to
know best of the objects of the Abolitionists-; but,
as others have done, be too  may say he is no Abo-
litionist, as though to effect their object under ano-
ther name.    Now, sir, what becomes of this "tub"
about the right   of p titiun, that gentienrn have
thrown out to us, and descanted on so learnedly?
Here is their object and  bantling, stiipped by its
o*n noM, and presen'td nak*d  to u>, in  all its
native deformity, wh ch it has been the indefatiga-
ble «nous of gentlemen on ths floor so long to
keep cotice led, v.hile they have mide battle on us
upon the more plausible issue ot  the rigtit of peti-
tion, about uh.ch they dare not in'reduce a propo-
sition, for fear it would command a unanimous
snppKit, if  pressed   in any constitutional  form.
But my present object is not comment, but the ex-
hibition of facts, that are beyond contradiction.
During the p> ndeney of this enormous proposi-
tion, you know well, Mr. Speaker, the extraordi-
nary excitement ih-t prevailed here. Yon ma«t
recollect, when the Representatives from the South
left their seats, and resolved never to return, until
the question was settled—when noihmg was tak- d
of by tnem scarcely but the immediate call ot a
Southern convention—when every paper was filled
with tumors of an immediate separation and disso-
lution of this Government, and which resulted in
Ihe call of an exclusive Southern meeting, wi'hout
regard to patties Yes, they met in one of your
committee rooms, and resolved on offering a cer-
tain resolution, which has since been denounced in
thiff House as a Northern resolnt on, I allude to
the resolution offered by Mr. Pattcn of Virginia,
under the instructions of aa exclusive Southern
meeting.   Here is tbat resolution:
Journals ef the House of Representatives, December 21st,
page 127, second session, Twenty-fifth Congrera
Mr. Patton moved that the rules prescribing the order of bu-
tWMS be suspended for the purpose of receiving and acting on
• resolution in the words following, viz:
Resolved, That all petmens. memorials, and papers touch-
ing the abolition of slavery, or buying, selling, or the transfer-
ring slaves many State,Distnct, or Territory,of the United
States be laid upon the table without being debated, printed
lead, or referred, and that no further action whatever shall be
had thereon.
After two preliminary vetes taken upon suspen-
sion of the tulis, boto resulting in the affirmative,
the main question was pat in the following words,
to wit:
*■*?•12?- 2™ *• n°U8e «S™ to «he resolution 1 and
passed in the affirmative—yeas 122, nays 74.
Mártir Ch'thSt WU propwed ^ a «Weman from Louis!.
Here Mr. B. held up the journals and exhibited
the yeas and navs there recorded, and said: Sir,
amongst those 122 who voted in the affirmative
I challenge any man to name one Whig from the
North, or non-slaveholding States; a fact that will
fall like a clap of thunder upon the ears of every
Southern man that has heretofore acted in concert
with that party; while amongst the 74 voting
against this resolution, there is not the name of a
man from a slaveholding State, and only 14 De-
mocrats from the Northern States, of more than
80, leaving 60 "Whigs, who voted against the
resolution of Mr. Patton.
This resolution, Mr. Speaker, was of the mildest
nature, when examined.   It asked nothing—de-
nied no right of petition, but simply determined
not to act upon ttiis most alarming and distract-
ing question;against which, however, sixty Whigs
voted, and for which, not one Whig from the non-
slaveholding Slates voted    Here, let it not be for-
gotten, that by reference to the votes on the Speak-
er's election, that sixty votes constituted a lar?e
majority ot the whole Whg vo'e, beth from the
North and South, at that lime, added tt gether in
this House.   Now, sir, a* fact and figuies cannot
lie, hete is an awful demonstration of feelings and
sentiments, by their own recorded acts, of a  ma-
jority of a party towards the sacred neis of the in-
stitutions, the peace and safety of the enure people
of one sect on of our countty; and to it, I  invoke
the attention and serious consideration of every
man, who has at heail the interest or safety of tie
fc'outhern portion of this Republic.    Sir, teil m —
feed me no longer with empty rrcfessions in the
teeth of th«<e recorded facts.
Mr. ¡speaker, I have said before, that it was
not individual cases that demonstrated the g^netal
characters of men or measures, that no denomina-
tion, chutch, society, community, stat  or nation,
could be charged with being tamed, or wnh cor-
ruption, for having now and then corrupt individu-
als in them; but when it wa3 evident that a mnjo-
r.ty of the memterg of a church or party were
tainted or corrupt, then it was that the body of the
members became amenable, and subject to the
imputation of po^sesslng and lowering the eflinxs
and principles of that majority, and which gave to
it its only true character.
Bui, sir, let us return to the journals of th  next,
t^e 31, session of the 25th Consrss. On thf
11th of December, (p?ga 51,) Mr. Atherton
introduced a series of five resolutions, for the pur-
pose of arresting the progress of Abolition petitions,
which had been agreed on by the Democrats both
from the North and from the South, in a mee ing
held by that party from both sections of the coun-
try. I will r«ad each part of the resolution, and
the voles on the separate division , and the House
and the pob'ic may judge of their character. Page
58, the question was taken on the first resolution,
which was in these words:
Resolved, That this Government is a Government of limited
powers-; and thai, by the Constitution of ihe United Slates,
Congress has no jurisdiction whatever over the subject of
slavery in the several Stales in the Confederacy.
Against his resilu'iun there were but six votes,
viz: yeas 198, n*vs 6—all Whigt.
Nays —Messrs. John Q. Adams, Georffe Evans, Hoiare
Everett, David Potts, DcVid Russell, and William Slade.
On the 12th December, page 60, the qnesticn
was put on the second iesolution, which was in
these wort's:
Resolved, That petitions for the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia, and the Territories of the United Slates,
and against the removal of slave  liom one State to another,
are part of a plan of operations set on foot to effect the institu-
tions of slavery in the several States, and indirectly to destroy
that institution wubin their limits.
For it 136; asainst ii 6>.
Amongst these nays there are the names of but
three Democrats, leaving sixty-two good and true
Whigs, a considerable majority of that whole par-
ty, then members of this House, and but one South-
ern man, and he a Whig. Mr. B. read the nam^s
of the nays, and bfggf d lobe corrected if he prred
Next came up ihe third resolution, wh ch, b-itg
divided, the vote was taken on the first branch of
the resolution, in these wcrds:
Resolved, That Congress has no right to do that indirectly
which it cannot do directly.
Yeas 170, nays 30.
Of these thirty nays, ihere is not the name of a
single Democrat.
Th n came up the remaining branch of the sa o
restilu'ion, which is ¡n the^e wort's:
And that «tie agitation of the subject of slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, or the Tei ritones, as a means or with a view
of disturbing or overthiowing that institution in the several
Stales, is against the true spirit and meaning of the Constitu-
tion, an lnlnngement of ihe rights of the Slates affected, and a
breach of the public faith on which they entered into this Con-
federacy.
Up  n this the votes were: yeas 164, nay< 39.
Among the thirty-nine, there is the name of but
one Democrat; none from  the South of either"
party.
The fourth resolut'on was then taken up, and a
vo'e taken en Us first branch, a division being
called for, which first branch was in these words,
page 64:
Resolved, That the Constitution rests on the broad principle
of i quality among the members of this Confederacy.
And passed in the affimuiive—Yeas 182, nays 26.
Oí ihe^e 26, there is not ti,e name of a Demr
crat—tne Southerner, a Whig-                    > r
The House then voied en the 2d branch of the
fourth reso'u'ion, in these word<:
Ai d that Congress, in the exercise of its acknowledged pow-
ers, has no light to discriminate between the institutions ol one
portion ol the Sta e? and another, with a view of abolishing the
one and promming the other.
On this the yeas are 154, nays 26.
Among which 26 there is not the name of a De-
mocrat.
The question then came up on the fifth and last
resolution: a d.vis;on being demanded, the vote was
taken on the first branch, in these woroS:
Resolved, That attempts on the part of Congress to1 abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia, or the- Territories, 01 to
prohibit the removal of slaves from State to State, or to discri-
minate between the institutions of one portion of the Confede-
racy and anoiher, with the views aforesaid, are in violation «f
the Constitution, destructive of the fundamental principles on
which the union of these States rests, and beyond the jurisdic-
tion of Congress.
Which passed in the affirmative, yeas 149, nays
52. Of thf-S! 52, there were 5 Democrats, and no
Southern man of either party. (Journal, page 68 )
The question was then pm on the second branch of
the fidh resolution, which was almost identically a
copy of the resolution of Mr. Patton, afilrtd by
him under the instructions of an exclusive South-
ern meeiir g, wi*h >ut distinction of parties, and ia
the following w*rds:
And that every petition, memorial, resolution, or paper,
touching, or relating in any way. or to any extent whatever, to
s'avery, as aforesaid, or the abolition thereuf, shall, on the pre-
sentation thereof, without any further action thereon, be laid
upon the table, without being debated, printe'l,or relerred.
And the question being put on the pn portion, it
passed in hi affirmative, yeas 128, nays 78. Of
the 78 negatives, there were 9 Democrats, leaving
69 Whigs, of which 69, there were 5 Southern
men.
Now, sir, I pray every Southern man to examine
these re'olutions, read them over and over again,
one by one, and to say, if tiey were not sufficiently
strong to secure eiery Southern intwe*'; while they
particularly fortbore to encroach on .the rishts of
any othf r poit on of this Union; not an int maiion
about the denial of the right of petition i1. con-
tained in them. They only c'aimfd the right to
dispose of them as the House thought proper,
when pre ented, and which was by laying them on
the table, &?. Now .had the House no r ght to do
this. If not, it had no right >o reject the praver of
the petit oners; and if it could nr t do that, vthy not
let the ignorant Aloluionis's come in, and t-,m us
out of the Hou«e at once, and take the m.tt'er into
their own hands; and show at once the enormous
absurd ty that this Government has not the power
of self-preservation? Sir, by those resolutions the
right of retition was not invat'ed, unless, after ihcr
presentation here, we were bound to grant tluir
prayer, and had not the right to treat lhat pra>er,
af er presentation of the petition, as in the wisdom
of this boiy, was best calculated to promote the
interest, the peace, and safety of the R^puh'ic.
Sir, deny this Hou^e that pawer, and, intbnter,
you dis-olve the whole political body into original
element , and subject us to the reign of anarchy,
canfu'-ion, bloodshed, and civil war.
The requisitions, therefor*, of the Abolitionists,
and their advocates on this floor, (their demands I
might say,) as to what manner their petitions and
prayers are to be treated by us, are monstrous and
revolutionary, and «ill «ever be submitted ' ,
while there isa freeman from the North or South
to resist them.
Yet. these resolutions were deBounced to llv*
