556
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840 
26th Cong«"«1st. Sess.
Moli'ion Petitions—Mr. Bynum.
H. of Reps.
Nortn as the "gas" that prevente i and obstructed
the execa ion of the designs ot these Abolitionists,
ouehed, too, as they are, in tne mildest and most
respectful terms. But, -ir, when have mild epithets
tver proved satisfactory to the wild Mulach
of fanaticism? Never, sir, never has it been sa-
tisfied, until it had surfeited itself upon the very
blood it had spilled, and >awned over the crime and
spoih with which it had afflicted mankind.
But what is strange, strange, still more s*range
■to «ell, Mr. Speaker, these resolutions, while they
were denounced by the Abolitionists of the Nonh,
as being the most arbitrary, infamous, and tyranni-
cal measures that ever had disgraced the halls of
a letislative council, were denounced at the South
at the same time by ihe Southern win  of a pnrty,
as u4amgkfaced Northern resolutions," introduced
through treachery, lo barter away the rghts of the
South, and to secure anl protect the rights of the
Abolitionist;. Yes, *u, Southern men, acting in
concert with the Abolitionists, catering here and
elsewhere for them, have been found to denounce
these resolutions for favoring the Abolitionist ;
while the Abolitionists denounce them to the
Worth, for sacrificing their «acred rights as men.
Sir, was there ever such an anomaly before pre-
sented to the minds of intelligent freemen? Can
the South, and will the North, longer bear this po-
litical shuffi ng With the rights and interests of eich,
as dear to them as lite uself, and upon a subject,
too, preznant with more eviN than were contained
in the "box ©f Pandora." We have been told—
the South has been told, that these were Northern
resolutions, by men who>e object was, perhaps, to
ieioy the Sou h into the ambu-h of Abslttion st*;
while the Abolitionists were telling the people ot the
North that they were Southern rt solution*, to df c >v
them there into the .same ambush < f the Abolition-
ists: the effects et the conjoint efforts of the two
branches of this party, have been to £ive encou-
ragement and strength to the Abolitionists, aid to
promote their unholy designs in every quarter of
this Union. My Ct d! sir, and will the South not
understand this, until "Brennes knocks at the gates
of Rome?"
Mr. Speaker, I see now, by their InoVs, that my
Southern friends, though of an opp s te rarty, be-
gin to s e the awful situation into when they
have placed themselves by this extraordinary
course.
[Here there was some interruption that to k p'ace
in the House, which was in an undei tone ]
Mr. B. s^id, i* any gentleman uas dissatisfied
with the truth of his remarks, let him retire—not
sit and interrupt h>m m an under tone; or, wih
the courage and honor of a gentleman, let him n*e
and tell him wherein he ha4 offended. He surely
had not intended to offend any gentleman, and
never would do it except in sulf defence.
He continued, the resolutions of Mr. ^therton
had been pronounced to have been Northern rso-
lutions by Southern m°n, and Scuthern res lutions
by Northern men, and this has been kept up by the
part} to operate on  the igno-ant of boih sections,
and wh ch, "o a certain extent, has had its effYct,
by returning an additional number of Abolition sts
from the Nor h, and ceriain men from the S >uth,
to co-operate with ihem on the floors of Coi^ress
These resolutions were the result of the most sober
and grave deIib°ra¡ion of ;he wh^le Democratic
p*rl>, both from the North ai.d ihe S mth, and
were originally drawn up by a So ithern ni^n,
[Mr. Bhltt of South Caro ina,] a S >u h°rri man
of stability, of itfl)etice,of woith,ard with cha-
r-c*er   to   lose—no   bankrupt    wnhout   personal
in'eres' in any S'ct on of the coun'ry, but one who
has a deep personal interest in the very subject at
issue.     He drew the   original   resolutions,  „nd
which, after some verbal alterations, w^re adopted
by this House,and by a maj rit* of the Represen-
tatives   from both the s a\e aud non s a^eho'oing
States.    In the  «eries of the five resolutions, t e
one eff-red by Mr Pútt n, under the instructions of
an  exc u$ive Southern meeting, without regard to
pprties, and adnpel   wihout a dissenting vote
fn m the Scutn at ihe last sesión, was m<erted i>nd
omt aned in the fr'th rcsoluton, almost vtbaUm,
in substance lJentical, against which, howe er,
•rhen introduced by Mr. Atherton, there we, re
Southern men ot ÚV Whi« piny found to vote,
and o hers to denounce, as Northern ami hypocri-
tical, and refused to vote on them. Mr. Ather-
ton, sir, «as nomtna'ed to introduce these resolu-
tions by a Southerner, Mr. Lewis from Alabama,
w lose fidelity to the South, treachery its-It will
hardly assume the boldness to doubt. Such was
the character ef these resolutions, which po it'Cians
of the South, who act with Abolitionists here, have
pronounced hypocritical and Northern; while their
Abolition friends at the North stigmatize them as a
"gag law" to the Abo'iuonists, and a denial to them
of the r ght of petition; and this h^s been the sys-
tematic mode pursued by both flanks ot that party
to effect th-Mr unholy purpose.
Before I lea\e the journals of the lastsesiion,
th°re is one more fact that I wish to advert to, and
to which again I must entreat the attention of every
man of Lo h parties, who desire the fact in relation
to this matter; and to this fact I would part cularly
call the attention of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Borra] whose couisj diners so widely here
from his predecessor  upon this subject, and who,
as a kind of apology, 1 will not say for the Abuli-
tirnists, b it f >r h s couiss in preferring the recep-
tion aud a ierereoce of tht se petitiors, has said that
iherr were njt twenty Abolitionists in ihis H>uie.
I uish, sir, I could trunk with that gent'emen; but
so far from it, I am compelled, from the following,
and pre edmgevidence, to belt  ve that his e* l-nate
is not more han a fourth or fi th of th' number.
On poge 75 oi the same journal-, s r, }ou will find
the tod o «ring record-.:
A m Uion was ma.le by Mr Sla^e, that the rules in rela
tioi to the order ol business be suspended to enable him to
more a resolution, which was read at ihe Clerk's tab'e, as fol
lows.
Whereas, there exists, and is carried on, between th  ports
in the District of Columbia, and ither ports ofthe United States,
and under the sanction r>( the laws thereof, a trade in human
beings, whereby thousands of them are ai nually sold and trans-
ported from said District to distant pans of the country, in ves-
sels belonging to citizens, ofthe United Stiles
Therefore, to the end that all "bst teles to the consideration
of this subject may be removed, and a remedy for the evil
speedily provided
Iltsolied, That so much of the fifth section ofthe resolutions
on ih„ subject olslavery passed bv tins House on the 11th and
12th of the present month, as relates to ihe removal of slaves
Irom S ate to State, and piohibns the acion ol this House, and
every petition, memorial, resolution, or paper touching the
t>ame be, and hereby is rescinded
And on the qut-s ion ~hall the ru'e* be  u p~ndr*d
for th« purpo e aforesaid, it passed in the negative —
ye?s 56, nays 147.
Here are the yeas and nays, as recorded
A m ng the \eas there are but three solitary Demo-
crats, of 56, leaving 53, then, a majority of the
who 6 Whig par.y, who voted in fayor cf Mr.
Slade's te olution
Hete, «-i', is a fact more striking than any here-
tofoie referred to. Here is a vote upon a pr .posi-
tion difct—comin?, too, from the leader ot the
p<trty, who'-e Abolitionism no une wi'l doubt, but a
S'tuihern Whig, whose object is to throw dust in
th"> eyes of his oirn constituents, and to keep them
blinded to the arts of the enemy, who ie k to de-
spoil them Yes, si-; upon this vote every ' dou$h
faced Democrat" from ti e Nor.h, that voted, (ex-
cept three,) is recorded with the S uth, against this
Abolition re olution, offered by William Slade,
rf Vermont, one of ihe most renowned Ab i íon-
ísts in America. Will it be contended that there
was no Abolitio its n i>i that rest lu'ion? Was it not
as fair a test question as could wel have been
ma !e m this House.
And s'range,s'r„n e to tell, we have seen and
heard denounced, m the vilest and bittereft terms,
bv a S luthern man, thece very ' dcugh-Jaced Demo-
crats" who had th' pa'riutism arid firmness t< come
up and vote down ibis resolution to reccue their
ct un'ry irom the vortex of revoluti >n and civil
war. Wi'l the South believe it, that there are men
hce, sert by herself to represent her interests, who
are the first to rise in thetr places to denounce those
who have dared toctme forwarl to lend and re«t
their all, ani give her their aid in rejec'ing the^e
most obnoxious measuns, "while those that have
brouiht lorward and «usiameJ these mea-ures by
thur votes, receive daily their mo^t lulsime com-
pliment V? Sir, this is no fancy—it is h story.
They are facts recorded, and subject to be sepn by
all who-will examine. Is ih-re nothing wrong in
this? is there in u nothing that should haunt the
consciences of men? But upon this it ism my
province to decide; it belong* to the peop e of the
South, and to them I most cheerfully submit it
We have at length travelled ihr ugh your jour-
nals up to the present first se-sion of the Twenty-
sixth Congress, to the records of which I refer lor
the evidencel pi opus  to exhibit to prove that ths ma-
jority, not of ihe Northern wing of the Whig party
only, but a majority of that party in this Houve, in
spite of their assertions that they are no Aboli-
tionists, have invariably acted, and do now act,
with them on this floor, either as principals acces-
saries, or coadjutors. I find the following record
t f the proceedings on Monday, Uth of January,
1840 An Abolition petition being presented by
Governor Lincoln oí Mas«achu-etis, and the
question of its receptun beitis ra s d:
The question was then taken on Mr Cave Johnson's mo
Hon to lay the question of reception on the table, awl deuütd in
the affirmative—yeas 131, nays 6b
I will not read the yeas, as it i* my purpose to
show only the course of thai party ihit has inva-
riably favored the views of the Abo itiom-s s here,
and opposed the South upon every occasion. '1 h s
is ihe hr«t question on which the pames divided, in
*hich the sixty-eight took their stand for th.3 Abo-
litionist*, as follows:
Nays—Messrs Adams, John W Allen, Barnard, Biddle,
Bnggs, Brockway, Anssn Biown, Calhoun, Chittenden, Clark,
James Cosper, Corwm, Cranston, Curtis, Cushing, Davee.
Edward Davies, Edwards Ely, Iivans, Everett, Fillmore,
Fletcher, Gates Giddngs, Goode, Granger, Gunnel), Hall, W
S Hastings, Henry, Hoffman, Hunt, James, Charles Johnston,
Kempshall, Lawrence, Line  n, Lowell, Marvin Mitchell, Mor-
gan Niylor. Ogle Osborne Palen, Parmenter, Peck, Randall,
andolph, Rariden, Reed, Ridgway, Edward R isers, Russell,
Saltonslall, Simonton Slade, John Smith, Truman Smith,
átorrs, Tillmghast, Toland, Trumbull, Underwood, Peter J
Wasner, T W. Williams, and Joseph L William^—68
Of ih.s number there is but one Southern man,
(a Whig,) and only six Northern Democrats, leav-
ing sixty-one good horest Whi.s, well known to be
a ci ns derable majori y of their whole party united
in ihe House.
The next day, sir, January the 14th, Mr. Coles
of Virginia introduced his resolut on, which is
nearly a literal crpy rf that ot Mr. Pat-
TONof Virginia, wnich I ha/e bsfire re-ler-
red to, and which cngmatid in an exclu-
sive Sjuthern metttr.g of numbers here, with-
out t'istinction of parties, and which was in ro-
duced bv Mr. Patton under their special instruc-
tion, and which, on it  piesentat on and adipiton,
there was not a single Southern man of ei her ¡ratty
to be found voting against, as ¡s thonn by the
reords containing ihe votes on us past age.
Mr. B then read as ft Hows:
Mr Coles said he believed it was now in order for him to
move an amendment to the 54th and 55th rules, and he would
therefore submit ihe following, whieh he ho[ed would receive
the favorable consideration of the House.
All petitions, memorials, and papers, touching the abolition
of slavery, or the buying, sellin?, or the tranferring of slaves in
any State, District, or Territory of the United States, shall,
upon their pre ntation, be .aid on ihe table, without being de-
bated, printed, rea I, orreferred, and no further action whatever
shall be had thereon "
Tnis resolution, originating in a Southern mee
ing exclusively, and introduced by Mr. Pat-
tun under the instiuetions of that meeting, pgaiHst
which, on its adr ption, not a Southern man voted,
wat now denounced by Southern Whigs, and on
this floor, as hyptcritical and treacherous, after,
too, they had vot.d themselves font
I read from the proceed ngs of the House, said
Mr B.
Mr Thompson of South Caiolma movtd to lay the amend
ment on the table with a view of u/ieringa substitute
Mi  Cross cal led lor the yeas and nay s
And alt rthe remarks of several members, and
motions on order, calls ot the Ho is?, the vote was
taken on Mr. Coles's resolution, offered as an
amendment to ihe rules of the Hoase, and it was
rejected by Mr. Thompson's (Wh g) motion to lay
on the table.
The votes are as fol'ows—yeas 102, nats 9&
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Alford, John W Allen, Mmeon U
Andersou, Andrews, Baker, Barnard, Bell Black, Bond, Brigg ,
Brockway, Anson Brown, Sampson H Butler, Calhoun, Ca
rey, Chmn. Chittenden, Clark, Colquitt, James Cooper, Mark
A Cooper Corwin, Crabb, Cranston, Crockett, Curtis, Cush
in?, Davee, Edward Davies,   Garrett Davis, Dawson Ddlett,
Henry, Hillen, Hoffman, Jamei, Charles J.ihnrton, Wm C
Johnson, Kempshall, Lawrence, Lincoln, Lowell, Marvin,
Mitchell, Morgan, C Morns, Nayior, Nisbel. Ogla, Oauorn ,
Palen, Parmenter, Peck, Pickens, Pope, Proffit, Randall, Ran
dolph, Rariuen, Ueed, Reynolds, Ridgway, Russell, BaltonstaH,
