Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAT, GLOBE.
25f
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Bynum.
H. of Reps.
Simonton, Slade, Truman Smith, Stanly, Storrs, Stuart, Sum-
tar Waddy Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tillmghast, Toiand,
Trumbull, Peter J Wagner, Warren, John White, Thomas W.
Williams, and Joseph L. Williams—102.
Of these 102 that voted down this resolution, the
same of every Northern Whig is recorded who
voted on the subject, making 63—9 Demoerats,
leaving oat the State Rights men—and 30 South-
erners; making 102 yeas. This resolution, then,
it is seen, was voted down, at last, by an entire
Abolmon Whig vote, constituting, within a small
fraction, two-thirds of those that opposed its passage.
Now, sir, let us examine the votes on the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from South Carolina him-
self, (Mr. Thompson,) to see how many ol his
good Whig friends sustained h-m. I will read only
tbe nays, to show the character of those whom the
gentleman voted with, against Mr. Cole's resolu-
tion.   Here they are:
Mr Thompson ol South Carolina handed to the Chair the
following resolution, which was read for the information of the
House, and moved a suspension of the ru es, to enable him to
offer it
Resolved, That upon the presentation of any nemoral or
petition praying for the abolition of slavery or the slare trade
in any District, Territory, or State of the Union, and upon the
presentation of any resolution or other paper touching that
«ubject, the reception ol such memorial, petition, resolution, or
paper, shall be considered as objected to, and the question ¡¡fits
reception shall De laid upon the table, without debate,  r fur-
ther action thereon.
Mr. Everett asked for the yeas and nays on the question.
Mr. Adams moved the indefinite postponement of the motion
to suspend the rules.
The Chais was of opiaion that the motion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts was not in order, because, if it prevailed,
tbs effect would be that no motion to suspend the rules would be
in order for the remainder of the session.
Mr. Black asked if the motion of the gentlemen from South
Carolina, [Mr. Thompson,] to suspend the rules, should prevail,
if it would be in order for him to offer an amendment to the re-
solution of thatgsjatleman.
The Chair replied in the affirmative.
Mr. Black said, that in that case he would offer an amend-
ment.
The question was then taken on the motion to suspend the
rules, and H was iosi, there not being two-thirds voting in the
affirmative—yeas 128, nays 77, as follows:
Teas—Messrs. Alford, Judson Allen, Simeon H. Anderson
Andrews, Atherton, Banks, Beatty, Beime, Bell, Black, Black-
well, Bolts, Boyd, Brewster, Aarea V. Brown, Albert 6. Brown,
Burke, S. H. Butler, Wm. O Butler, Bynum, John Campbell,
William B. Campbell, Carroll, Carter, Chapman, Chinn, Coles,
Colquitt, Mark A. Cooper, Crabb, Craig, Crary, Crockett, Cross,
Dana, John Davis, John W. Davis, Garret Davis, Dawson, De-
berry, Dillett, Doig, Dromgoole, Earl, Eastman, Fisher, Floyd,
James Garland, Rice Garland, Gentry, Gerry, Goggin, Graham,
Graves. Green, Griffin, Habersham, Hammond, John Hastings,
Hiil of Virginia, Hill of North Carolina, Htllen, Holleman,
Holmes, Hook, Hopkins, Ho waid, Hubbard, Jameson, Joseph
Johnson, Wm. Cost Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones,
John W. Janes, Keim, Kemble, Leadbetier, Leet, Leonard,
Lewis, Lucas, McClellan, McCulloh, McKay, Marchand, Me-
thll, Miller, Montanya, Montgomery, Samuel W. Morris, New-
hard, Nisbet, Petukin, Pickens, Pope, Rayner, Rrres, James
Rogers, Samuels, Shaw, Shepard, Thomas Smith, Stanly,
Starkweather, Steenrod, Strong, Stuart, Sumter, Sweeny,
Taliaferro, Francis Thomas, Philip F. Thomas, W. Thomp-
son, Jacob Thompson, Turney, Vanderpoel, David D. Weg-
ener, Wane , Watterson, Weller, Edward D. White, John
White, Wick, Jared W. Williams, L Williams, Christopher
H Williams, Sherrod Williams, and Worthington—128.
Nats—Messrs. Adams, John W. Allen, Baker, Barnard,
Btdtlle, Bond, Briges, Brockway, Anson Brown, Calhoun,
Casey, Chittenden, Clark, Clifford, James Cooper, Cranston,
Curtis, Cashing, Davee, Edward Davies, Doan, Edwards, Ely,
Evans, Everett, Fillmore, Gates, Giddings, Goode, Granger,
Gnnnell, Hand, William S. Hastings, Henry, Hoffman, Hunt,
James,Chas Johnston, Kempshall, Lawrence,Lincoln, Lowell,
Mallory, Marvin, Mitchell, Morgan, Calvary Morns, NayloT,
Ogle, Osborne, Palen, Parish, Parmenter, Peck, Prentiss, Prof-
fit, Randall, Randolph, Randen, Reed, Reynolds, Ridgway,
Russell, Saltonstall, Simonton, Blade, Albert Smith, John
Smith, Truman Smith, Storrs, Swearingm, Tillmghast, Toiand,
Trumbull, P. J. Wagner, Thos. W. Williams, and Joseph L.
WilIiams-77.
Here are 77 who voied to reject the motion of
the gentleman from South Carolina, ef which there
are 62 good and true Norihern Wb'g*, and 14 De-
mocrats; not one Norihern Whig voting for the
motion of the gentleman from Souih Carolina;
while it is sustained by the entire Democratic par-
ty, except 14. One Whig from the South voted
with the Whigs of the North.
Tnis motion-is from an enemy of tbe De-
mocracy ol beth the North and Sooth; and,
sir, bow do tbey vote on it ? Tbey have
marched up in a solid phalanx to sustain the
gentleman Is proposition on the subject of slavery,
when not a single friend of his Whig brethren of
tbe North haa voted for his proposition, and he has
bad to rely so'ely upon th* votes of the Democrats
to carry bw own proposition on this subject. Every
Northern Whig vote, that voted at al!, is rec3tded
against the motioa of the member from South Ca-
rolina; while every Democrat, except 14, of both
toe North and South} is recorded in its favor,
17
that voted on the subject.    Mark, sir, the coinci-
dence: against the resolution of Mr. Coles there
were 63 Wbigs from the North that voted; against
the resolution of the gentleman  from South Caro-
lina there are 62, and the other did not vote; the
whole strength of the Norihern Whig and Abolition
party. Now, sir, can that gentleman want stronger
evidence, or evidence more complete; that, though
their bitter enemv, whenever he offers a proposi-
tion against the Abolitionists, he is compelled to
rely for its support on the Democrat*; yes, sir, and
Northern  Democrat-*  too?   There is the evidence
before him; not one of his brother Whigs from the
North has deigned to touch Iris proposition aga n-t
the petitions of the Abolitionists, while the Demo-
crats have come up like mea, and sustained a pro-
position coming, as ihey knew it did, from their
enemy.   Had it come trom a different source, my
life on it, the proposition would have gotten a
stronger vole    Will the gentleman communicate
these facts to his constituents?
Mow, sir, one word to that gentleman and his
party to the South, whe profess to be opposed to
the movements of the Abolitionists. 1 ask them, if
they are since, e in believing it a subject of vital in-
terest to the South, paramount to all jnhers, how
can they longer, after the exhibition of such proofs,
remain in the ranks of a party, a majority of
which, it has been shown by ihe clearest and most
incontestable evidence, is deadly hostile to the
dearest interest of that people, whom they pro-
fess to represent here? Sir, I have shown the
records; they do not lie. They will not, they
dare not, be disputed. Then how can gen-
tlemen get over them? What apology have
they to make to their constituents of the Sooth for
actipg with a party that has been so uniformly
against them upon every question effecting so
deeply their most vital interests, and would aid in
the annihilation of the" very institutions under
which they live? What will that insulted people
say to those who have stood up here, day af-
ter day, and abused, vilified, and denounced the
only men from the North who hal the courage to
defy the Abolitionits, and come forward to rescue
their country from revolution and civil war; while
on the other hand, they were denounced here be-
fore our faces, when vottag on Mr. Cole's re-olu-
tions, as white Southern slaves to the North, and
were ordered to be brought in, and by ah Aboli-
tionist, too, sir, here, before our eyes, in the hear-
ing of us all.
[Here a personal nltercation took place between
Messrs. Bynom and Peck, out of which gtew se-
veral motions and a debate, which several engaged
in, as published before.]
After fome further explanations by Mr. Peck,
Mr. B. continued : I regret, exceedingly, having a
personal difficulty with any geWeman; I had stu-
diously avoided makirg a single personal allusion,
unul called on and forced into it by questions that
had been propounded to me, and had hoped it had
been put at rest, after what had transpired. Sir,
the language upon which I had "preiicated my re-
marks which was taken to be offensive, I will read
from the proceedings, as recorded in the reports of
January 13th, and which has not been contradict-
ed to ihis day: I find in ihem these word=, viz:
Mr Pbck moved for a call of the House; there were some
Norihern slaves there, he said, whom he wanted to be eman-
cipated.   Mr. P. then called for the yeas and nays on his mo-
tion," ¿c.
Again:
Mr. Pk6k moved a call of the House, but subsequently with-
drew it. We have, said he, soma refugee slave  from the
North, that I wish brought in.
Now, sir, can any man be at a loss to know to
whom this language was applied? Was it not
made direc'ly to those patriotic Democrats, Mr.
Atherton and others lrom the North, who had
dared to vote with the South upon this great ques-
tion of Abolition ? and who have the moral cour-
age tj stand u? against the denunciations of the
Abolitionists, both on this floor and off of it?—stig-
matized too, as they have been, by the most treach-
erous spirits of the South? Yes, sir, the?e are the
men whom I have shown, by the votes of the House,
that the South has ever had to rely on for
support on this question, and who have come for-
ward in a solid phalanx to our aid; while
the entire vote of the Northern Whigs hap been
cast dead against us, without an exception, scarcely,
on every occasion; without whose assistance (the
Democrats, I mean,) the South could never have
carried a nngle measure on this subject; and, sir,
let the subject come up agan, in any form or shape,
and, my hie upon it, they will be the only support
that we will get from the North. If they do not
come U our rescue, the South is undone, so far as her
rights are observed here; and a revolution, a bloody
revolution will be inevitable. I then implore these
gentlemen from the South to reflect upon the in-
justice they do their own section of country, in de-
nouncing the only party in this House that they
can expect the least assistance from; ihe want of
gratitude that they are guilty ef to them, and the
{reason that they commit by such conduct to the
whole Soutr, I will not say intentionally, but the ru-
inous and destructive effects ef it will be identically
the same.
Sir, the course pursued by the two parties on
thismomenous subject, is big with the fate of the
Republic, and time, I fear, will but too soon de-
monstiate the fact. The great question at issue
is beyond party catering, as its diicussion is above
all persoaalities; it looks to higher objects; and
blink it as you may, if persisted in, must soon re-
solve itself into a question of peace or tear—a war,
perhaps, the most desolating that has ever afflicted
the human tace; and I now say to gentlemen, be-
ware how you play with lighted torches over this
magazine of gunpowder.
I have n< w shown, I think, to the satisfaction of
every mind that is willing to be satisfied, that so
far as the action of this House has taken place,
the whole Wh'g party from the non-slave*
holding States have acted and co-operated through-
out, on every occasion, nearly, wiih the Abolitionists
on this floor, and in fact, if they are not the Abo-
litionists or coadjutors of that party here, there are
none such in existence; and if proofs plainer, mere
indisputable, more conclusive, are wanting to esta-
blish the fact, it is folly to attempt the pro-
duction of further evidence to the human mind.
•ir, I am ready to admit, I am unlike the honora-
ble member   from   Virginia,  who dechTed   the
0 her day that he did not believe that there
were twenty Abolitionúts on this floor, al-
though it is a very d fferent s ntiment from what
has heretofore fallen from that wing of the party.
1 am sorry to admit the fact, that my experience
fcr years here has brought me to a very different
conclusion. I am fully satisfied in my own mind,
that m the Democratic party—and none are more
s rry that it is so—there are from five to ten
members here tinctured with Abolitionism, and
from the same kind, though much stronger evi-
deace, it is my conscientious and solemn conviction,
that there are from 65 to 75 Abolitionists in the
Whig party that now hold seats on this floor; and
think 1 have shown, if deeds give character to
men or parties, that a majority of that whole party
ii this House, from both South and North,
if not open Abolitionists, covertly act with
them upon every occasion. These are facts, I
know, that are unpleasant to be' known to some;
but, fir, u is the duty of a faithful representative
to make them known, and particularly at this
time, to the Southern portion of the people of this
country, who are alone so deeply interested ia this
subject. I should feel recreant, Mr. Speaker, and
guilty of the highest treason to their interest,to con-
ceal longer facts from Ihem, so manifest, clear,
and convincing to my mind, from any earthly con-
siderations of a party nature. Hence it has been
my sole purpose to present facts, and net argu-
ments, that the people themselves might make
their own commentary, and from which to draw
their own conclusions. I now close the evidence
founded upon tbe indisputable records of this
House, and submit it to this House, tbe people of
this country, and the world, to decide what party
in this House, and how far they have identified
themselves with the Abolitienists-
I will now proceed to show, from evidence ex-
ternal of this body, a further co-operation and
•identification of the Northern and Western branch
of the Whig patty w.th those of the Abol t sn-
ists, and will, in the first place, call the attention
of the House te journals of the Senate, first ses-
