158
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
£&TH  CoNG>««*lST. SbSS.
Moli ion Petitions—Mr. Bynum.
H. of Reps.
siod, Twenty-fourth Congress, page 266. It is
well known that the grounds upon which the
admission of Aikansas in the Union was oppostd,
was ia consequence of her recognising the insttu-
tion of slavery in her Constitution. I find, on
this page, April 4ih, the proceedings in that body,
body follows:
The bill for the admission of the State of Arkansas into the
Union, and to provide for the execution of the laws of the
United States within the same, and for other purposes, having
been reported by the committee correctly engrossed, was read
a third time.
On the question, Shall this bill paasl it was determined in the
affirmative—yeas 31, nays 6.
On motion ot Mr. Buchanan, the yeas aad nays
being desired by one-fifth of the Senators present,
those who voted in the affirmative are:
Mesara. Benton, Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clayton, Cuth-
bert, Ewing of Illinois, Ewing of Ohio, Grundy, riendrickst
Hill, Hubbard, Kmg of Alabaina, King of Georgia, Linn,
McKean, Mangum, Moare. Morns, Nicholas, Niles, Preston,
Rives, Robison, Rugglea, Snepley, Talluiadge, Tipton, Walker,
White, and Wright.
Nat —Messrs. Clay, Knight, Porter, Prentiss, Robins, Swift
—all six Whigs.
The two Whig Senators from Massachusetts
not voting—>in fact, not a Whig Senator
from New England voting for it, while eve-
ry Democratic Senator from New England
voted for the bill. Do these votes net im-
port something of the character of parties more
potent than arguments or professions ? Sir, they
are matters of record not to be denied; or shall we
be told it was all the result of accident merely?
No, sir; no sir; it is not the character of accidents
to occur with sach systematic uniformity. Hence,
then, you find in boih bodies a systematic co-ope-
ration of one party with all the plans and objects
of the Abolitioms's; and as systematic co-operation
of the other party of the Norih with the South in
opposition to them and their fanatic, rninous, and
destructive schemes. It is well known what inte-
rest the Abolitionists took, at that time, in having
the admission of the State of Arkansas rejected, on
account of its being a slaveholding State.
A corresponding move to this was made in (he
House of Representatives, June 13th, journals same
date, page 1003, after a motion was made by
Mr. Lincoln of Massachusetts. May 26 h, page
886, to amend a motion of Mr. Robertson of Vir-
ginia, in these words: "and to receive memorials
relating to the admission of Arkansas into the
Union."
The bill passed, however, on the 13th of June,
page 1062, by the following vote: yeas 143, nays 52.
The nays, for the information of the Hou-e and
the country, I will read, to demonstrate, if possible,
still more conclusively, the uniform, systematic,
co-operation and identification of that branch of the
Whig party with the Abolitionists in all their com-
bined attacks opon Southern institutor.
Those who voted against ihe bi 1 are:
Messrs. John Q. Adams, Heman Allen, Joseph Anthony,
Jeremiah Bailey, William K. Bond, Nathaniel B Berden,
George Bnggs, William B Calhoun, Timothy Childs, William
Clark, Joseph H. Crane, Samuel Mason, Jonathan McCarty,
Thomas M. T. McKerman, Maihias Morris, James Parker,
DuteeJ Ptarce, Caleb Cushing, Edward Darlington, Harmer
Denny, George Evans, Horace Everett, Philo C. Fuller, George
Grinnell, jr. Hiland Hall, Gideon Hard, James Harper, Aimer
Hazelune, Stephen C. Philips, David Potts, jr John Reed,
David Russell, William Shinn, William Slade, Joseph Hen-
derson, William Heister, Samuel Haar, William Jackson,
Henry F. Janes, Benjamin Jones, John Lavarte, ABBOT
LAWRENCE, George W. Lay,Levi Lincoln, Thomas C. Love,
John Thomson, Joseph R. Underwood, Samuel F. Vinton,
LAWRENCE, George W. Lay,Levi Lincoln,
John Thomson, Joseph R. Underw
Elisha Whittlesey, Lewis Williams.*
Of the fifty-two who voted in the negative, there
are but fax Democrat , the remainder, forty-six
Whigs, a majority of «he who'e party then in Con-
gress, that voted. Upon the character of the parties
in relation to this measure, of this and the other
House, upon this evidence, I leave the country to
judge.
I would now refer the House, in further corro-
boration of that for which I have contended, to the
Senate journals of the first session of the Twenty-
fourth Congress, page 400, June 3. It is well
known that General Jackson, at the commence-
mont of that session, in his message, called the at-
tention of Congress to the circulation of incendiary
publications through the mails. In accordance
with which, Mr. Grundt, then Senator from Ten-
nessee, brought in his famous bill to prevent the
circulation of those incendiary publications, Ac;
* Democrat* italicized.
11
which, on ih« question, "Shall this bill te en-
grossed and read a third time," it was decided in
the affirmative—it being a tie vote, 18 to 18, Mr.
Van Bdren, the then Vice Piesidem, voting in la-
vor of the bill. Against this bill, te it known,
every single Whig Senator from the non-slavehokl-
ing States voted, who voted on the queMim.
Page 416, June the 9th, this bill was taken up
again, and put upon us final passage, and rejtcied
by two Southern vole*, (Whig*,) c nun? in and
voting againsi it, (Messrs. Crittenden and Leigh,)
and Mr. Goldsboroufih, (Whig,) who had voted
for it before, changing his vote against it, who,
with Mr. Clay, made four Whig voies from the
slaveholding States that voted against the bill—
enough to have carried it by a triumphant majori-
ty, had they voted with the South, notwithstanding
there was not a Whig Senator from the North that
voted for the bill. To these fact-. I earnestly ca 1
ihe most serious attention of eveiy Southern man,
wheherhe be Whig or Democrat.
Now, sir, if the South, which has been most
egregiously abused by dissimulation and various
misrepresentations on this subject, will but ex-
amine these facts, and weigh them, as it is their
most solemn duly to do, it is impossib'e that they
can be longer deceived. Here, but for ihe deser-
tion in a certain quarter of the Southern represen-
tation, they ecu d have obtained all the security
they asked against the efforts of these incendiary
fanatics, and ihe facts upon the records that I
hold in my hand, mu.t ever establish it, so long as
the history of ihis glorious Republic is j-ieserved.
But I forbear a further commentary, as my object
is the presentation of the tacts, and leave n to
ihe people, the country, the world, to make their
own commentaries; and here will I leave the
scenes and doings of the Senatorial chamber, how-
ever much more might be said in continuation of
the positions I have taken.*
Mr. Speaker, it may be seen by the recent votes
of this body how steadily the ranks of tho^e who
act against ns here, in co-operation with the Abo-
litionists, have been increased, and I feel it my
duty to ask your attention for a few moments to
that part of ihis subject. Its history, sir, is per-
fectly clear and intelligible; and no man has marked
its progress more than I have. Let it not be for-
gotten, when the House first took its stand upon
this question, and there was a test made with those
gentlemen who cc- peraied here with the Aboli-
titionists, their numbers ranged from for>y to iorty-
five. This number was about their vote on Mr.
Pinckney's re olutions. The next session their
vote on Mr. Patton's resolution va« sixty. This
increase was the result of Whig vic'orie¡  ia Ohio,
Indiana, New Jersey. Mr. Atherton's resolutions
were decided on, by the same Congress, and with
the same result, or thereabouts. Ia the present,
which is the Twenty-sixth Congress, by the success
of the Wing party in New York and Connecticut,
by which they have gained seventeen members,
notwithstanding their lo>>s in Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois, amounting to some eight or ten, they have,
by these Whig successes, increased their number
in this Congress up to about seventy votes. Sir,
it cannot be denitd that the btrength of the Abolt-
tionis's, or those that sustain them, has been in-
creased precisely in proportion to the increase of
the Whig party in the non-slaveholding States.
Look, sii, at the vates already of the eleven ad-
dttional Whigs from New York? Look at the
six additional Whig votes from Connecticut? Have
they been with us < n a single occañon? No, sir,
no; and, my life upon it, there is no' one of them
that will voie against your Abolition petitions in
any shape or form. As yet, not one has at-
tempted it.
Sir, this is the true and infallible history of this
subject, that must and will be known lo the people
of the South. This is the secret that should alarm
every man to the Sooth or North, who can be
alarmad, in relation to the coorre that may be pur-
sued5 here on this subject. This it is that must
give alarm to every man to the North, that has one
sacred spark of Jove remaining in his breast for
the holy union of these States, and the liberties of
our people. This it is, and you can conceal it no
longer with false professions here, that stimulates
aud gives encouragement tu those fanatic spirits,
to go on and persevere in their unholy crusade
against the peace, the safety, and rights of our
people.
Sir, I ask, and demaind to know, what one Whig
victory has taken place in any of the nsn-slave-
h( ldins  States wt'hin the last six or eight years,
th it has not enured ta the benefit of the Abolition.
1st ? Not one—not one can be shown or pointed
to: and can it be possible that any man can b l.eve
that the Abolitionists are not aware of these facts?
Every man, every American, should know im-
mediately, and without delay, from what source
this excitement is kept up by these fanatics—from
what party their expectations emanate, and are
cherished. It is due lo all sections ot the country
that this thing should be known, and that ihese
men should be exposed from the housetops, in the
streets, and on the public highways. The ques-
tion is assuming an attitude too awful longer to be
dal ied wuh, tor the gratification, in the promotion
of artful, designing, and treacherous po'iticians,
and ihe creatures of men, who cannot look to re-
sulu beyond an only petty personal aggrandise-
ment.
But, sir, we have been told, and our understand-
ings instilled, if the autiiors themselves knew better,
that all this struggle is f. rthe right of petition, and
for .he w,mt of their being repl'ed to. But far per-
sonal respect towards tnose honorable gentlemen
who use suci, I would say, how ridiculous the idea!
when you take a view of the facts in relation to
the whole subject! vv e are further told that they
want reasons advanced to ihem, and they demand
that their petitions be replied to. Sir, to a novice,
such idle assertion* might bear with them a faint
plausibility, which must disappear instantly before
the approach of the fac s.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what are the facts in rela-
tion to such excuses ior ihe requirement of the Aboli-
tionists? Had we not an able and voluminous re-
port made on 'his subj-ct, under ihe celebrated re-
solutions of Mr. Pinckney? Had this House not
that report published for the benefit of the coun-
try, and emulated by the members, who desired to
arrest the progress of the incendiaries? Were not
reasons and arguments set forth in those documents
the most forcible and convincing, endorsed, too,
sir, by a most oveiwhelming majority of Congres-?
Have I not shown, sir, the various votes upon the
resolutions with which that report terminated?
How, then, does this fact tally with the complaint
that they have not been argued with and reasoned
with, as a lational people? Sir, Ihe whole com-
plaint, let me tell gentlemen, is a mere fabrication,
and is false in point of fact, as has been shown by
your journals. The luminous and able report of
Mr. Pinckney whs made May 18th, 1836, of the
first session of the Tweuty-fourth Congress, report
No. 691, which dispels at once the idle pretence
that Abolitionists only want to be reasoned with to
be satisfied of the enormity of their projects.
Again, sir, the speecii of Mr. Calhoun, in the
Senate, made April 12th, 1836, wa? replete with
ih« most powerful arguments and leasons, setting
forth the injustice and utter impracticability of the
execution ot the designs of these deluded fanatics.
Again: he made a report on the same topic, em-
bracing the whole grounds of Abolitionism, and
expostulated upon the medness and folly of tieir
attempts—a report now to be found in Senate do-
cument 118, first session Twenty-fourth Congress,
vol. 2.
How now stand the grounds taken here by the
honorab'e gent'emen from Massachusetts and New
York, [Messrs. Adams, Mcnríe, Granger, and
Hunt?] How squa.e their arguments with the
facts that have occuired in relation to this matter?
Not less baseless than a vision Sir, they have
been argued with, remonstrated with, entreated
and implored, to cease their unwarrantable and
impracticable, though fiendish schemes against the
peace and Union of these States; and no man can
be guiltless, in fact, of the atrocity of their crimes,
who would act here the part ot their apologists
But it may be said that these arguments emanated
from a source in which they had no confidence.
Then, sir, I refer you to another, from a sou ce
in   which,   for  many  years,   they  have  pro
