Jan* 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
26th Cong.....-1st Sess.
abolition Petitions—Mr. By num.
H.of Reps.
la Maine, sir, her present Gov  raor Fairfield
was one of thOíe who sustained what Abolitionists
called "Aihertou's gag," which was used against
him in the election for Governor of ihat State, and
in which he w.is susiained triumphantly by the
Democrats. That Legislature, whenever it has re-
ferred to the subject, has discountenanced the pro-
jects of the fanatics.
Sir, that little granite State, New Hampshire,
the residence of "the dough-faced Democrats," as
ihsy have been denominated by Southern Whigs
and Northern Abolitionists, as early as January
13th, 1837, passed in her Legislature the following
resolution, to which I solicit the particular atten-
tion of those Southern gentlemen who have been
so bitter in their denunciation of ih« "dough-faces of
New Hampshire:" laws of New Hampshire, page
288:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, in General Court convened. That we recognise the
coMiitutional right ot the several States of the Union to exer-
ciseexclusivejurisdictionwithintheir own limits, on the sub-
ject of slavery.
Be ilresolced, That Congress cannot, without a violation of
the public faith, abolish slavery in the District of Columbia,
unless upon the requestor the citizens of that District, and by
the States by whom that territory was ceded to the General
Government.
Beitfurther resolved. That the union of the States can only
be maintained by abstaining from all interference with the
Jaw , domestic policy, and peculiar interests of every other
State. The conduct of those who would coerce our fellow-citi-
zens in other States into the abolition of slavery by the inflam-
matory appeals addressed to the fears of the masters and the
passions of the slaves, is in the highest degree censurable, as
tending to alienate one portion of our countrymen from ano-
ther, and to introduce discord into our sister ¡States, and as a
violation of that spirit of compromise in which the Constitu-
tion was framed, and adue observance of which is necessary to
the safety of th  Union.
At the last session, the Legislature of the same
S'ate adopted, in addition to what I have read
above, the following:
Resolved, That the relation sf master and slave, as esta-
blished by law within the jurisdiction of any of the States, is an
institution for which the State, within which it is established, is
alone responsible, and with which neither this Legislature,
nor the legislature of any other State, can rightfully inter-
fere.
Resolved, That the adoption and prosecution of measures
by individuals residing within one State, with the avowed de
sign of overthrowing the institution of another State, by send-
ing emissaries, scattei ing documents, pamphlets or papers,
within that State, against the declared will of the same, as a
disregard of that comity, and mutual respect, which should
ever be cultivated among the States.
Resolved, That Congress ought not to interdict the slave
trade between the States, or to abolish slavery within the Dis-
tnetof Columbia, or the Territories of the United States.
Resolved, That the resolution adopted by the House of Re-
presentatives of the Congress of the United States, by which all
memorials relating to the abolition of slavery, upon the presen-
tation of the same, were ordered to lie on the table, withou any
further action thereon, was not an infringement of the right of
petition.
Resolved, That the immediate aboli ion of slavery, by what-
ever means effected, without expatriation of the slaves, would
be productive of calamities, moral and political, such as should
be «lepreeated by every friend of humanity.
Yet, sir, these resolutions were passed by the
party called and stigmatized here, and by Southern
men, as "dough-faced'''' Democrats. Sir, I could
not do it myself, without feeling my face crimson
with f-hame, and blus-h n? for the ingratitude, the
unfeeling ingratitude, that I was suoject to being
charged with, by the whole section of country from
which I come.
But the election for Governor, that has recently
taken place in Massachuse is, has been alluded to.
We lave heard much about Governor Motion's
being an Abolitionists. Now, ¡ ir, supposing it
true, (which I am informed i* very far otherwise,)
what were the Democrats to do in choosing be-
tween him and Gavernor Everett? Of course, to
select the least evil.
Here is ihe endorsement of Governor Everett's
Abolitionism, by one whose authority I presume
none will dtny here.   Here, sir, it is:
TO ABOLITIONISTS!
4. We recornmcn.1 t0 lh,e attenti«n of our Abolition brethren
thelollowing paragraph, which is a literal ropy of the whole
tf an -editorial paragraph in the lost Liberator, w.itten by Mr.
Garrison:
EDWARD EVERETT.
The Governor of this Commonwealth has answered tineaui-
vocally in the AFFIRMATIVE to the question, whether he is
favo* of the immediate abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia, and the slave trade between the several States, Ed-
ward Everett now speaks the language of a patriot, a Republi-
can, axd a Christian. We believe it is the real language of his
soul. When, a few years since, he took opposite ground, he
did violence to his convictions of riaht, and committed a griev-
ous error. We ate disposed to obliterate all that has gone be-
fore, and to commend him for his present honorable course.
To refer invidiously to what he said when public sentiment
- was deeply corrupt, would be ungenerous: to charge him with
being insincere at the present time, would be unjust: to accuse
him of seeking popularity, would be equally uncharitable. It
is not yet a popular thing for the Chief Magistrate of this Com-
monwealth to avow himself in favor of immediate emancipa-
tion; and until he shall prove recreant to his present professions,
i t is to be taken for granted that he means just what he says.
In our opinion, he ought to receive the undivided support of
the Anti-slavery voters of this Commonwealth; nay, they have
pledged to him their support, inasmuch as he has declared him-
self to be in favor of their principles and measures.
We likewise recommend to the attention of our Abolition
brethren the following unmutilated and literal extract of a com-
munication in the same paper, by "A Member of the Massa-
chusetts Anti-slavery Board:"
GOV. EVERETT'S LETTER IS SATISFACTORY. His
endorsing Mr. Alvord's report does not weaken his answer,
but strengthens it, for that report was full of the soundest Aboli-
tion doctrines. THE GOVERNOR SHOULD RECEIVE
THE VOTE OF EVERY ABOLITIONIST. Some, who call
themselves such, but whose hearts are more with their party
than with the slave, may still go back to Edward Everett's old
misdeeds. Let mo tell them this is unfair. In the circum-
stances of the case, it is almost treacherous. Mr. Borden asked
Governor Evereti's opinions, not as an individual, but as repre-
senting the Abolitionists generally. The Governor answers at
once and unequivocally. Is it for us to tnrn round and charge
him with insincerity1! This would be a gross outrage. Why
did we ask him if we did not mean to judge him by his answer.
Judge Morton's and Mr. Willis's letters are very much alike.
They give no information. They do not answer the simplest
of all possible questions, so that a plain man can tell what
they mean. Judge Morton refers to a letter written two years
ago, which, when you look at it, is no mure ef a reply than the
present. That letter con'ained some very handsome and flow-
ing periods about his detestation of slavery, &c. It, perhaps,
served its purpose pretty well in its day; what would do for
1837, will not do for 1839. These vague professisns of Judge
Morton amount to just nsthing at all. There is nothing in
them you can put your finger on. If the Abolitionists are to be
satisfied with such unmeaning generalities, let me tell you, the
politicians will never give them any thing else.
I hope, sir, this will fore vet set that question at
rest, and that ihe South will no longer be amosed
with ihe presentation of individual instances, as
set-offs to tod es, societies and communities, tven
wh<>r9 they ate ever so true.
Let us now look at Vermont, that purely Whig
State.   What has she done?
STATE OF VERMONT,
January 21,"1839.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
That our Senators in Congress be instructed, and our Repre-
sentatives requested, to use their utmost efforts to prevent the
annexation of Texas to the Suited States, and to procure the
abolition of slavery and the slave trade in the District of Co-
lumbia, and the slave trade between the several States and
Territories of the Union.
Resolved, That the adoption by the House of Representatives
of the United Sutes on the 21st December last, 1837, of the
resolution by which "all petitions, memorials, and papers,
touching the abolition of slavery, or the buving, selling, or
transferring of slaves in any State, District or Territory of the
United States, were laid upon the table without being debated,
printi d, read, or referred," was a daring infringement of the
right of the people to petition, and a flagrant violation of the
Constitution of the United States; and we do, in the name of
the people of Vermont, protest against the passage of the
same, or any similar resolution, by the present ot any future
Congress of the United States.
Sir, what is she now dting? Has she not for-
warded resolutions to this Congress from her Le-
gislature nearly every session since this agitation
commenc3d, in favor of the Abolitionists, and
against the action of this House, whenever it has
attempted to oppose their view.*? Is there not now
a memorial and resolutions either before this or the
other branch of Congress to that effect? There is!
What a contrast, sir, not between two individuals,
but between two sovereign States—one Whig, the
other Democratic.
But, sir, I pa^s to New Ycik, about which so
much has Le-n said here and elsewhere. I will not
oweü upen ihe election of Brad'sh (a most cele-
brated Abolitionist) Lieutenant Governor by a
union of the Whigs and Abolitionists, and e'even
Wh'gs to Congre s, who have vo ed, on every occa-
sion since they have been here, against every mea-
sure that in ihe slightest degree conflicted with the
rights of the Abolition;sts, supposing a 1 of whom
nearly voted : gainst us on the c measures. I rely
upon still higher cvidrnee.    Here it is:
POLITICAL ABOLITIONISM.
The following document shows that the Abolitionists are in
the field as a political party:
Circular.
TO THE ANTISLAVERY ELECTORS
OP THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
We ask the privilege of brethren to set forth briefly, but
frankly, the reasons which constrain us to cast our votes for
William H. Seward, for Governor.
1st. Mr. Seward is the candidate of the party which, on the
floor of Congress nobly vindicates the inestimable right of
petition, and as ii^bly asserts the freedom of debate; of the party
also that sustains John Quincy Adams, and William Slade; of
a party whose views are liberal and tolerant.
2d. Mr. Seward is the candidate of the parly which, in our
last Legislature, passed resolutions against the admission of
T^xas into the Union; against Patton's gag resolutions; in fa-
vor of the right of petition; in favor of sranting trial by jury
to persons claimed as fugitive slaves. Instead of the denun
ctatiuns and reviling* with which oar petition  were treated in
years past—instead of threatening us with renal enactments,
the Whigs received and treated petitions and remonstrance*
with that respect and comity due to their constituents.
3d. Mr. Seward is the candidate of the party that opposes
the re election of a Pr sident who stands pledged to veto any
bill abolishing slavary In the District of Columbia.
4th. Mr. Seward is the candidateopposed to Governor Marcy -
who, ¡R his messages to the Legislature, has manifested, in sen-
timent and sympathy, the bitterest hostility to our cause, and
who, as the presiding officer of a public meeting, while he was
Governor of the State, recommended the passage of laws autho-
rizing a violation of the mails, and inflicting pains and pe-
nalties upon those who were disseminating intelligence and
truth.
5th. The re-election of Governor Marcy would go very far
toward the re-election of Martin Van Buren, whose measures
and policy are so hostile to the cause of human liberty.
And finally, because our knowledge of Mr. Seward leads us
to confide in the general soundness and integrity uf his princi-
ples. We view the great question of a Sub-Treasury, a Na-
tional Bank, «r the currency, of minor importance, compared
with the great subject of human liberty; and believing that the
election of Mr. Sewaid, and the defeat of Governor Marcy, will
best promote the great cause sf universal emancipation, w 
shall vote for him ourselves, and recommend our Abolition
friends to do the same.
We are, respectfully, pour fellow citizens,
JEFFERSON MAYELL,
President Albany Young Men's Anti-slavery Society.
CALVIN PEPPER, jr.
Vice President Albany Anti-slavery Society.
JOHN WILSON,
Correspondías Secretary Ami-slavery Societv.
"      H. CARPENTER, 1st V. P.
WM. GIBSON,
One of the Executive Committee Young Men's Albany Anti-
slavery Society.
NORMAN FRANCIS.
Chairman of Executive Committee of Young Men's Albany
Anti-slavery Societv.
S. A   HASTINGS,
A. McCLWRE,
«J. MoCIAIRE,                •)
FOROYCE - SYLVBSTEB,
JAMES E. MoCLURE,
S. B. HALL,
CHARLES E. BURTON,
JAMES BURTON,
PETER M. MoELROY,
DAVID MARTIN,
S. T. RICE,
S. V. R. WATSON.
Men of the South, I now ask you to pause and
reflect on thiv? Heie is no individual cas?. It is
a preposition made and accepted by a multitude.
The deed was done—the act consummated—the
bitter fruits of which we are about now to reap
from the frightful contest now going on between
Governor Campbell of th  State of Virginia, and
Governor Seward of New York, involving this
identical subject of Abolition.
S>r, Me have already done great injustice to this
peaceable hone<t people of thi< country, as well to
the East, North, and West, as to the St u. h. The
perple of nei her section have been made ac-
quainted with the awful explosion that these par*
ties are preparing, io blow into fragments the b«st
Government that ever was conceived, heard of, or
framed by the hands of inan. No, sir, in ¿ny
judgment, they are not prepared for the event—
they do not, they can not, desire it, and little, as
yet, have they dreamed of the plot that is on foot to
drench our mother country with the blood of her
own offspring.
Another ot the resulta of this extraordinary com-
bination, was the passage, in fee lower House of
Assembly of the Stale of New York, as soon as
the Wh'gs and Abolitionis s got the ascendency in
it, of certain resolutions against ttaoie pa&ed
by Congress against the action of the Aboli-
tionists and their petitions. The Senate, how-
ever, which still retained a majority of De-
mocrats, rejected them, after presenting a most
able, lucid, and voluminous report through its
chairman, Cul. S.Young, an extract from which I
will now read to the House.
Report of Mr. Young, to the Senate of New York, on certain
resolutions of the House of Assembly of that State, touching the
subject of the right of petition, &c. made February 26,1S39. "
The preamble and resolutions of the Assembly recites the
substance of the resolutions of the House of Representatives of
the United States adopted in December last, on the motion  f
Mr. Atherton, one of its members, iy which the House of Re-
presentatives, by a very large majority, decided that every pe-
tition, memorial. &c. touching or relating to slavery, or to Jhe
abolition thereof, should, on presentation thereof, without «By
further action thereon, be laid «n the table without being re-
ferred, printed, or deialed; and the preamble and the resolu-
tions of the Assembly pronounce that, by enforcing such re-
solution, the said House ofRepresentat «« have infringed upon
the rights of the people of the Stat* of New York.        ___
The first resolution of the Assembly . iscloses tbatthe"solu^
lion above referred to is «violationof the rights of the people or
' TbemTrdrasolutionoftheAssemblyMleMnryprt^aralnst
the resolution above referred to, and t^ufV, *e «* £•« «£
Uves in Congress from «his Stat  to use their best exertions to,
to CAUsetbAisjTOtobe rescinded.              %                ^
*                                                                             • 
