í«4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
«6th Cono-«-1*t Skis.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Bynum.
H. ot Reps.
qoencs that the continuation of their vi>ionary
and mad schemes must bring down upon their
country?
Let me   conjare them to cease their mocfcery
abont the right of petition, whch can i'eceive no
longer any but the most ignorant; a id return to
their deluded, impostd on, and abased constituents.
Speak to them in pracucab'e and intelligible lan-
guage, and tell   them, though truly,   plainly, the
facts as they exist,  as the   God of nature has de-
termined them—te 1 them honestly, teU them that
the isfue   that   they are now making with their
Southern  brethren, involves nothing short of "the
question of peace or war."   That  to   effect their
object, will cost the lives of one-third of their entire
popoalation, and an amount of treasure  beyond
that which   now can be commanded  by both the
powers of England and America.   Tell   them  the
ruin, the  desolation, the misery,  the pauperism,
and   universal   havoc, that mist ovei spread the
land, before  their designs can be  accomplished.
Point them   to the  fate of "the Crusaders to the
East," who undertook a similar expedpion, to lake
possession of the Holy Land.   Let th*m learn >n
their fate the dest ny that awaits them.   Go home,
gentlemen, and be honest with your const)!pent?;
put the question fairly to them, whe¡her they are
for "peace or war" with u>?   Whether they are
prepared to «nceunter these a*fnl d>?asters, suf-
ferings, and privations; to make the alt -mpt to ef-
fect    their   object—accomplish   it   thi-y   cannot.
And tell them, also, that he who would deny he*
facts, and almost inevitable conseqaeaces, is too
ignorant to representa just and  a virtuous people,
and would be a   ready and fit ins'rument to bring
down upon the human family, a greatei curse than
ever emerged from the box of Pa-dora—a measure
to be spurned, as more loathsome than the leper,
whose pestiferous breath even, is not less contami-
nated with rottenness and death.
I have now, Mr. Speaker, concluded my re-
marks upon many of the moit important subjects
alluded to in this discussion, and shall feel per-
fectly satisfied for an imp*nial people to make up
<~.e.r decision upon the evidence aad facts that
have b en brought forward by the contending par-
ties. I have done only my duty to my con-
stituents and my c mntry, so far as my feeble ca-
pacity has enabled me to discharge it. 1 have passed
over, unnoticed, the remarks of certain gentlemen
from the South who made war upon me a few
days ago for presuming to speak of the interests of
the South, in opposition to Abolition sm; for I
cannot consider him a gocd general, or a fai hful
soldier, who makes war upon his own army, and
kills off bis own men, when upon the e/e of battle
wita a fearful foreign enemy.
Before conc'uding, I wKh to make but a few
remarks upon a subject that, in my opinion, has
been unnece sarily drawn in this debate. This,
sir, is no place to canvass Presidential qual fixa-
tions; that belongs to iheptop'e whom w- represent,
and it is our duty simply to carry out their decree,
not for them to be dictated to, to execute and carry
out our decrees. Much has been said about the
military fame of one of the Presidential candidates
at this time. Now, sir, I do not believe in any
manís fame which is derived from the puffs of
Congressional partisans, and mere particularly in
the fame of a "military chieftain" whieh is given
him, not at the field of battle, but by ihe eloquence
of his learned Congressional friends; by c'ocumeuts,
and speeches, and short histories of his life. When
was it ever known before, that the fame of a great
general had to be taught to the people twenty or
th rty years after the great dc°ds he had performed
had been passed over, and unheard of before? Sir,
Ihe ilea, I will not say is contemp'ible, but is su-
perlatively ri iiculous. I have evidence here in my
hand to show «hit General Harrison ha« been. I
will show that he was denied the honors of a
General or soldier, in the Senate of the United
State*, in iireciiy, and that he was pronounced a
Federalist, once, by John Randolph, and a de-
fender of the alien and sedition laws, and he did
not deny it.
[The Speaker here said it was out of order to
discuss the character of General Harrison in that
debate, as it was not applicable to the subject be-
fore the House.]
Mr. B. said, sir, I am well aware of that; but as
others have done it, I felt as though I possessed the
same right, and was only disposed to exercise it.
I am wi'ling to pass it over, but give notice that I
shall append as much asi see proper to the remarks
I h*ve made, if they are thought worthy of publi-
cation. One ward, however, I will say, that docs
not app'y exclusely to General Harrison. It
is this: there is no inducement that shall
ever make me, rs a S>uitaern man,
the advtcae or de'endcr of Southern rights and
Sou'hrrn institutions, support directly or indirectly
for any important office in the country, one who is
s© dependent, directly or indirectly, upon the party
of Abolitionists for his election Why, sir, if de-
pendent on them for his election, would he not be
equally dependent on them here to sustain him af-
ter that eleciion in the station in which they had
placed him? And could he do that, except by con-
ciliating, yielding to them, and giving them apart
in his Administration? Sir, would not they be one
of the very pillar* upon which hi? Administration
would rest for its support? without which support,
such an Adminis'ration cou'd not sustain itself a
twelvemonth, a month, a week, scarcely a day.
Do not all see, then, Ihe indispensable necessiiy
there would be f< r such a President to c< uit such
an interest, and which can never be done without
the most deleterious and pernicious r^su'ts to every
slaveholdmg State in th's Republic? Should Mar-
tin Van Buren be placed in such a situation to-
motrow, without rtfleeting on the ccurse of others,
I, sir, shou'd feel myself guilty of nothing short
of high (reason to my country not to proc'aim my
implacable and uncompromising opposition to him
and his Administration, from the housetop*, and
on every public highway in the country, if necessa-
ry. But in this there may be, with some, an ho-
ne«  difference of opinion existsting. May it be so.
But, sir, I have done, never, I hope, to address
this House again upon the same subject, or upon
one fraught w.th as much mischief.
Mr. Speaker, in concluding my remarks, I must
here take the liberty of saying that I rose with a
predetermined resolnt on not to let a personal reflec-
tion escape me; and whatever may have happened
to indnae me to depart frcm such a resolve, I as-
sure you, sir, it ha- been done with no ordinary re-
luctpnce on my part, and nothing but a sense of
self-'lefen'e could have ever prompted such a
course I am aware, sir, too, of the t me that I
have consumed in this elabora'e discoarie, which, I
readily acknowledge, nothing wou'd have justified,
bnt the immense rn?gmtude and thrilling interest
taken in the subjects involved. Thi task that I
j. as igned myse'f, m presenting tlese facts to you
and my country, I have rli-charged, though feebly,
faithfully. I ask no further boo from the people
of my country, i han 8M impartial verdict upon the
fads and c;rcumstance« I have exhtbited.
In conclusion, I must say to a part of the House
that I ft el most grateful for the kindness, indul-
gence, and attention, w.th which ih°y have been
p'eased to honor ire during the time I have
consumed in trespassing thus long upon their pa-
tience.
Sir, I shall vote for the resolution of the member
from S m'h Carolina, to arrest the progress of this
disastrous agitation, and to avoid the execution of
those horrid comequences I have felt it my duty to
portray.
APPENDIX.
Mr. Wm, Cost Johnson succeeded in reply:
Mr. J. on concluding, offered the following amendment to the
amendment of Mr. Adam", sinking nut all after the word "re-
solved," and inserting as a substitute'
That no petition, memorial, reflation, or other paper, pray-
ing the abolition ol slavery m the District of Columbia, or any
State or Territory, or the slave trade between the States or Ter-
ritories of the United States in which it now exists, shall be re-
cen ed by this House, or entertained in any way whatever-"
Which Mr. Thompson then accented fur his.
This resolution passed by a vote of 114 to 108.
Of thrse who voted for it:
Southern Democrats,  -          -                   47
Southern Whigs,        -        * -           -       39
Northern Democrats, -           -          -27
Northern Whig,          -           -           -        1
Tl4
Asainst this resolution:
Southern Democrats—none.
Southern Whigs,
Northern Democrats, -
Nonhern Whigs, (all but one)
4
39
65
108
Now, if the Northern Democrats had voted with
the Northern Whigs, we would, bv taking 27 from
the 114, have been left with only 87 for the resolu-
tion, which, added to 108 against it, would have
made 135; from wh'ch taking the 87, leaves a ma-
jority of 48 against the resolution of Mr. Johnson.
The vole was as tollow>:
Yea3—Messrs. Alford, Andrews, Atherton, Linn Banks,
Beirne, Black, Blackwell, Botts, Boyd, Aaron V. Biown, Al-
bert G. Brown, Burke, Sampson II. Butler, William O. But-
ler, Bynum, John Campbell, William B Campbell, Carroll,
Chapman, Coles, Colqum, Conner, Mark A Cooper, Crabb,
Craig, Crockett, Cross, John Davis, John W. Davis, Garret
Davis, Dawson, Debcrry, Dennis, Dillett, Dromgoole, Earl,
Eastman, Fine, Fisher, Fornap.ce, James Garland, Rife Gar.
land, Gerry, Goggin, G aliam, Graves, Green, Griffin,
Habersham, Hawkins, Hill of Va Hill ol N C Ilolleman,
Holmes, Hopkins, Hubbaid, Jamesun, Jenifer, Joseph John-
son, William Cost Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W Jones,
Kemble, Leadbetter, Lewis, Lucas, McCarty, McClellan, Mc-
Culloh, McKay, Meilill, Miller, Montanya. Montgomery, Nisbet,
Parish, Pains, Petnkin, Pickens, Pope, Prentiss, Proffit, Ram-
sey, Rayner, Reynolds, Rhett, Rives, James Rogers, Samuels,
Sh.iw, A. S'nith, Stanly, Steenrod, Stione, Sumter, Sweeny,
Tahalerro, Taylor, Francis Thomas, Philip F. Thomas, W.
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Triplet!, Turney, Warren, Wat-
erson, Welltr, John White, Lewis Williams, Joseph L Wil-
liams, Christopher H. Williams, Sherrod Williams, Wise, and
Worthington—114.
Nays—Messrs. Adams, Judson Allen, John W. Allen, Hugh
J Anderson, Simeon H Anderson, Baker, Barnard, Beatty,
Bell, Biddle, Bond, Brewster, Briggs, Brockway, Anson Brown,
Calhoun, Carr, Casey, Chittenden, Clark, Clifford, Jumes
Cooper, Cranston, Crary, Curtis, Cushing, Dana, Davee, Ed-
ward Davies, Doan.Doig, Duncan, Edwards, Ely, Evans, Ev-
erett, Fillmore, Fletcher, Floyd, Gates, Gentry, Giddings,
Gooio, Granger, Grinnell, Hook, Howard, Hum, Hall, Hand,
Wm. s. Hastings, John Hastings, Henry, Hoffman, Jackson,
James, Charles Johnston, Keim, Kempshall, Lawrence, Leet,
Leonard, Lincoln, Lowell, Mallery, Marchand, Marvin, Mason,
Mitchell, Monroe, Morgan, Samuel W. Morns, Calvary Morris,
Naylor, Newhard, Ogle, Osborne Paten, Parmenter, Paynler,
Peck, Randall, Randolph, Rariden, Reed, Ridgway, Edward
Rogers, Russell, Salionstal', Sergeant, Simonton, Blade, John
Smiih, Truman Smith, Starkweather, Storrs, Stuart, Til-
linghast, Toland, Trumbull, Underwood, Vanderpoel, D. D.
Wagener, Peter J. Wagner, Wick,Jaied W. Williams, Tho.
W. Williams, and Henry Williams—108.
On this subject the Southern Whig membfrs
speak here, and have written to the South that the
" Whigs have gained o great victory:'''' mark tne
word; " it was a test question." Their victory.
Heaven! Out of 114 votes, by which the resolu-
t on passed, there are but 40 Whigs all 'old; leaving
74 Democrats, by whose votes it passed—still their
victo y—leaving voting against the resolution, 68
Wnigs, all got d and ttue; an overwhelming majority
of their party in the House of Representatives. Their
candidates have blinded the people to the South
hereiofore, by the most positive s'atements t^at
the Democrats were to the North -and West, as
much Abolitionists as the Whigs were, yea more;
this vote, then, proves that statement only one-
twenty-sevenh part true.
On the arrival of the news of the pas«age of the
resolution, John A. King (Whig) immrdiately
offered a resolution, condemning in the bitterest
terms, (in the House of Assembly of New York,)
the rrso'.ution that we had just passed here against
the Abolitionists, and which passed that body,
forcing, by connecting it with other matters, many
Democrats to go for it. Mr. Manm, (Democrat,)
thea offered this resolution to expose them, and
wh;ch effectually did it:
Resolved, (if the Senate concur,) That this Legislature has
seen with deep regret, and decidedly disapproves and con-
demns, the efforts of many misguided'individuals in the North-
ern States, to interfere without right, and in violation of the
principles on which the Constitution of the United S ates was
established, with the domestic institutions of our sister States at
the fcouth; thereby disturbing the domestic peace of the States,
weakening tho bonds of our Union, and sowing the seeds of its
dissolution.
The motion was seconded, the main question ordered, and,
after a call of the House, the resolution was REJECTED by a
party vote—ayes 41 .(Democrats,) noes 57, (Whigs, all.)
So much for Whig Abf lition.
As to General Harrison, to whese conduct I al-
tad d in my remarks, I only intende I to have re-
ferred te the following facts, to p event a wanton
abuse of truth and history for politic*! eflVct, which
I have seen published, and is yet without contra-
diction. In the Senate of the United States, John
Randolph of Roanoke thus spoke of Gen. Har-
rison;
