llar. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
865
36th Cong.......1st Sjsss.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Pickens.
■                                                    t                                =
H. of Reps.
Now, sir, the only difference between the gentleman ftom
Ohio and myself is thü—and it is vital: th t gentleman and my-
«elf differ fundamentally and totally, and did differ when we
flr*t took our seats in Congress—he as a Delegate from the
Territory Northwest of the rirer Ohio, I as a member of the
other House, from the State of Virginia. He was an open, zea-
lous, frank supporter of the sedition law and black cockade
Administration; and I was as zealous, frank, and
open an opponent of the black cockade and sedi-
tion law Administration. We differ fundamentally and
totally—we never agree about measures or about men—
I do not mean to dicjate to the gentlemen—let us agree to differ
as gentlemen eughttodo, especially natives of the same State,
who are antipodes to each other in politics. He, I acknowledge,
ins! now the zenith and I the nadir; but unless there is some-
thing false in the philosophy of the schools, in the course of
tinle even these will change their places.
To which General Harrison replied, and acknowledged his
support of the Administration of the elder Adams, thus :
Be has been pleased to say, that under the administration of
Mr. Adam , I was a Federalist, and he comes to that conclusion
frem the course pursued by me in the s saion of 1799— 1800.
The gentleman had no means of knowing my political prin
tiples unless he obtained them in private conversation.   As I
was on terms of intimacy with the gentleman, it is very proba-
bio that he might have heard me express sentiments favorable
to the then Administration.   1 certainly felt them, &c.
In an address to the people of Ohio, he says—
1 have thus, fellow-citizens, endeavored to explain to you the
principles upon which our Union is formed. I RECOMMEND
TO YOU, HOWEVER, THE PROCLAMATION OF THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES, ISSUED ON
THE TENTH OF DECEMBER LAST, AND THE SPEECH-
ES OF MR. WEBSTER. DELIVERED IN THE SENATE
OF THE UNITED STATES AT THE LAST SESSION OF
CONGRESS, IN ANSWER TO THE ARGUMENIS OF
MR. CALHOUN, AS CONTAINING THE MOST ELO-
QUENT AND SATISFACTORY EXPOSITION OF THOSE
PRINCIPLES THAT HAVE RECENTLY BEEN PUB-
LISHED. BY ISSUING THAT PROCLAMATION. I
THINK GENERAL JACKSON HAS RENDERED A SER
VICE TO HIS COUNTRY OF GREATER MAGNITUDE
THAN HIS SPLENDID VICTORY AT NEW OR-
LEANS.
Head Quarters, Cincinnati, May 11,1813.
I have the honor, through you, to request the President to
accept my resignation of the appointment of Major General in
the army, with which he was pleased to honor me. Lest the
"public service should suffer before a successor can be nomi-
' hated, I shall continue to act until the 31st instant, by which
time I hope to be relieved.
Having some reason to believe that the most malicious insinu-
ations had been made against me at Washington, it was my in-
tention to have requested an inquiry into my conduct from the
commencement of my .command. "Further reflection has, how-
ever, determiued me to decline the application, because, from
the proud consciousness of having palpably done my duty, I
cannot believe that it is necessary, either for the satisfaction of
the Government or the people, that I should pay so much re-
spectto the suggestions of malice and envy.
In the tenth volume of Niles's Register, page 125, we read
the following as a part of the proceedings in t ,e United States
Senate, to wit:
The Senate resumed the consideration of the joint resolution
directing medals to be struck, and together with the thanks of
Congress, presented to Major General liariison and Governor
Shelby, and for other purposes. After some discussion, Mr.
Lacock moved to amend the resolution, by striking therefrom
Major General Harrison. This motion was determined in the
affirmative, by the following vote:
Yeas—Messrs. Galliard, Gore, Hunter, King, Lacock, Ma-
im, Roberts, Thompson, Tait, Jackson, Turner, and Varnum
NiTs-Messrs. Barber, Barry, Condict, Horsey, Macon,
Morrow, Buggies, Talbot, Wells, and Williams—10.
Wbatdowemake of thisl Was not this a most pointed re-
buke of Gen. Harrison'' His name had been presented with
Shelby's. A motion was made and carried to strike his name
out. (Junld disrespect have been more strongly marked! Was
it not singularly invidious? We will not say that it was a mark
of indelible disgrace of Harrison as a military man—but we
will give Gen. Harrison's otrn opinion of it. In the 10th vo-
lume of Niles's Register, on the 424th page, is a letter over
Gen. Harrison's own signature, dated July 16,1S16, from which
the following is an extract:
"A vote of the Senate of the United States has attached to
my name a disfrace which I am convinced no time or efforts
of mine will ever be able to efface. Their censure is indeed ne-
gative, but it is not on that account the less severe."
Now, we do hope that our political opponents will not accuse
w of publishing General Harrison as a disgraced man, for
we only quote his oten words. It must be borne in mind that
General Harrison resigned his commission in May, 1814, hav-
ing lost the confidence of the whole army. Let it also be re-
membered that this was the most gloomy period of the war,
when the country required the services of every man of mili-
tary talents and firmness. The subsequent services of General
Jackson and the unprecedented and brilliant victory of New
Orleans, shows that there was work enough, and peril enough,
for all in prospect, yet General Harrison retired to North Bend.
Thecountry got a.ong without his cervices «Aenand closed the
warm a triumph of glory, and she needs not his services note.
Think of it, fellow.citizens,the Senate of the United States
did not think that General Harrison merited a sword or the
thanks of Congress for hia military services!—Hamilton Tele-
graph.
REMARKS OF MR. PICKENS,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
J  Ike House of Representatives, March 97, 1840—
In me debate open ihe Tteasury note bill, afier
Mr. Graves encoded h'S speech at large, and
Mr. Black had responded to some remark* made
by Mr. Gravks in the coarse of his speech,
Mr. PICKENS roseW saitf:
Mr. Chairman: Whi the aintleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Graves] shctald jnave held me up as a
point upon which to matte his attack, I am at a
loss to discover; but 1 wBl commence the very few
temarks I intend to makaf by repeating the lan-
guage of that gentleman, used in reference to my-
self, "that I mean nothing disrespectful or personal"
in the short reply I shall make.
I understood the gentleman to commense his re-
marks in a manner rather complimentary.   In this
supposition, I believe I am not mistaken.    [Mr.
Graves nodded assent.]    I understood him to pat
his attack upon public grounds, because of the po-
sition which I happen to occupy before the coun-
try.   Upon these grounds I will • meet him.   The
indication of such an attack was given last night
it was heralded with a flourish of trumpets, and I
was challenged to be in my seat.    Sir, I remained
here.   I have waited this attack upon my public
position—for I confine it to that—and I must say
that amidst all this con equential air of mock dig-
nity, and flourish, and fuiy, and nove, we have
witnessed   in   the accouchment literally nothing
more than the illustration of the old saying, "Par-
turiunt montes, nasciíur ridteutus mus."   Yes, sir,
and if the gentleman from Kentucky had in view
the scenes which have passed upon certain memo-
rable oscasions, for two years past, in in-  other
branch of Congress, and intended to hold them up
that he might imitate  the example  and fo low in
the footsteps of others, I can only say that he re-
minds me too much of the fable of the toad and the
ox, where the former attempted to swell Hmself
out to the noble dimensions of the latter, and lite-
rally burst with his own inflation.     Sir, when the
gentleman undertook to arraign my course upon
public grounds, I expected to have heard something
serious; but when he attempted to discourse upon
great principles, he reminded me strongly of Chief
Justice Shallow in the play, who, when he was
dealing with principles which he had not the ability
to comprehend, always ended his disquisitions by
exe'aiming to his admiiinst audience, horum sco-
rum rattlebangdorum, with a slapdashibus—there,
haint I proved it?
Yes, sir, and what does the gen leman prove?
What were the principles upon which I stood at
the time to which he alludes? Is he aware that,
in the session of 1834 and 1835, when the leader?
of the then Adrainis'rati.m party introduced into
this Howe the famous pet bank system, ami or-
ganized a league of banks from one end of ih;
Union to the other t) be connected with the Go-
vernment by political principles, and for political
purposes, I stood then precisely where I have ever
stood, in opposition • to it. And, at the same pe-
riod, whan a distingnishel gentleman ft®m Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Bisnet,] distinguished alike for
his talents and the integrity of his character, intro-
duced his amendment on the other side, referring
to the restoration of the depo-iies, and looking to
the establishment of a Nat onal Bank, I stood be-
tween the two parties then, precisely upon the prin-
ciples where I stood in the year 1837, at theeictra
session. A proposition was introducid in thefotm
of a bill, in February, 1835, bv a distinguished
friend of mine from Virginia, (General Gordon,)
which embraced precisely the Independent Trea-
sury bill under which parties were organized at the
extra session of 1637, upon the same principles
which I believe to be identified with the best inte-
rests and the d< arest rights of my country.
Yes, sir, I voted in the ses>ion ot 1834 and
1835, upon the very same measure, a'imst verba-
tim, on which I voted in 1837. I then sto d re-
tween the two great parties, in a minority of thirty-
three. Where then is this change of principles? It
a free country, it is upon the fiscal action of Go-
vernment that all parties permanently divide; and
am I to leave a position, embracing, as it does,
fundamental principles in Government, because
others choose to rally on it? It is true, I entered
Congress while very young, with the deep?st and
most uncompromising hostiUty to the principles of
the Force Bill and the Proclamation, and the mea-
sures and principles that followed them. Hanni-
bal,  t the age of nine years, is said to "have been
led to th« altar of his country, and made to swear
eternal enmity to Rome. Sir, at the threshold of
early public life, I laid my hand upon the altar of
my country, and swore eternal enmity to the prin-
ciples of the Proclamation and the For^e Bill. My
State had been reviled and oppressed. It was un-
der this feeling, and en ertaimng such sentiments,
that I entered Congress, and dalived the ipeeches
from which the gentleman from Kentucky has
thought proper to quote so liberally. In public
life measures constitute one thing, and men anoiher.
Have I changed as to measures? No. And I now
proclaim to him, and to this House, that, if I live
long enough, and remain a member of thi3 body, I
shall, at a proper time, introduce a bill to repeal
the odious measure to which I have alluded. I
will make it a test question. I will demand its re-
peal as due to the country, and due to the Consti-
tution. Sir, I defy the gentleman from Kentucky
to point to the retracüon of a principle I have ever
sustained, or to the support of a measure I have
ever opposed.
It is kno vn to be the habit of my life to disguise
no sentiment I entertain; but I should not have
spoken thus of myself, if the genteman had not
asked me, if I could, to satisfy my God and my
country as to the course I have taken. Sir, I can
do so. I know where I stand. I stand upon the
principles of the State Rights party. They need no
defence from me. Go to the convention that
framed your Constitution, and from that day to
this their principles and their acts stand out as
landmarks by which to bound an i define Republi-
can liberty. I know full wall that the party to
which the gentleman from Kentucky is allied, and
with which he sympathies, is deeply hostile to
these principles—hostile, because they s'and in the
way to the attainment of the dearest objects of
power. I stand with thes; principles—I intend to
stand with them. I fight under their banner, and I
bUong to no man, or set of men, living. Here we
have been for years a small, proscribed band upon
this fl.or, and throughout this land; but, thank
God, w stand upon the Constitution, and upon the
rights of the country; an 11 hope and Ifust that the
day is coming when our ptinciples are about to be
recognised. Under that banner I march. Our ob-
ject is straightforward and onward—we turn nei-
ther to the right nor ihe left. When gentlemen
chcos? to de ert that standard, they will find in me
a sworn opponent. We have hung our banner on
the "outer wall!' We intend to plant it on the
battlements of our country, and to triumph under
it, or to perish in ihi conflict.
As to the position which I occupy as the chair-
man of the Committee en Foreign Affairs, to which
the gentleman has thought proper to allude, as
evidence of a disposition to rourt power, I owe
that to no Executive favor. It was given to me
freely, and without any previous solicitation that I
know of, by the dearest public friend I have, the
Speaker of this Hou;e, who*e head 1 respect, and
whose heat t commands my deepest attachment. He
gave it to m?, I suppose, out of the esUem and
friendship he entertained for me, and from my pub-
lic position. I reurn him my thanks; but I owe
no obligations to any other power on earth for it.
Bes,des, it wa& from a Speaker chosen in part by
the votes of the gentleman and his friends. If this
is a crime, be it so; and if this is to furnish the
groundwork of a charge aga'nst me, that I am pur-
suing the pah of amb'tion—as was intimated,
though not expressed, by the gentleman—let the
country take it, and make the most of it.
One word, Mr. Chairman, upon another point,
to which reference has been made by the gentle-
man from Kentucky, though rather by the way of
supposition or inference. I allude to the charge
that I had taken the course I have taken for ihe
purpose of obtaining power, er with reference to
the Speakership of this House. Sir, as it has been
brought up, I take occasion to say here that I ne-
ver sought that position, directly or indirectly, from
any human being whatever. My name was
placed before the publ c without consultat.on, and
without my knowl.dge or consent. I can proudly
say thf re are a hundred gentlemen on this floor
who know that I never deviated to the right or the
left to seek that office. When, at the commence-
ment of this session, I was asked to be silent from
