266_______________        APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._______________ManjMO.
26th Cono.... 1st Sess                                            Froteclim of Vessels—Mr. Calhoun.                                                                      Senate.
policy upon some question*; deeply agitating and
dividing parties in this House, did I follow the ad-
vice? While others weie silent, did I suffer my
mouth to be closed? No. I trampled upon the
advice. Was there a question upoi which I did
not otter my sentiments openly? Who placed my
name up for thai office' 1 defy any man to point
to a single condition that I ever made, in private
or public, for it. I will not say what I could not,
perhaps, with propriety say, but it the secret trans-
actions in relation to that matter should ever be
published to the world, I will sav, at all «vents
they will do me at least no discredit.
Sir, I scorn to ask any thing of any man, or any
set of men, except my own constituents. I speak
what many around me know to be the facts; and,
so far from this being the basis of a charge, or
rather intimation, against me, that 1 had deserted
my principles and gone over to an Administraron
which prem'sed me power by bending for it, I re-
pel it a* beneath my nature If I s and before the
country upon certain great principles, which the
Administration have thought proper to place them-
selves upon, be it so. They shall not be tramel'ed
by any solicvauons for favors on my part, but '
shall receive from me, on those measures, a cor- |
dial and disinterested support.                                 ,
Mr. Chairman, I have to apol >g ze for having
trespassed even for so khort a time on the patience
of this committee. I intend only to repel the idea
that I had ever changed a principie which I ever
avowed. I stand now, where I have always stood,
under ihe State Rights banner, and no other banner
ball ever wave over my h ad.
I like manner lawful, was stranded near the same
place, taken in the same way, into tha same port,
where the negroes were aUo forcibly seizsd and de-
tained by the local authorities It sj happens
mat I am personally acquainted with the owners of
the negross in this case. Tney were citizens of
North Carolina, of high respectability, one ot them
recently President of the State Senate, and their
negroes were shipped for New Orleans, wnh the
view of emigration and permanent settlement in
me of the Southwestern States.
The other is the case of the Enterprise, re-
ferred to in the resolutions. She sailed, in
1835, fnm this District, dest'ned for Charles-
ton, South Carolina, aud, like the others,
on a lawful voyaee, with regu ar papers. She
was forced, unavoidably, by stress of weather,
into Port Hamilton, Bermuda island, where the ne-
groes on board were, in like manner, forcibly seized
and detuned by the local authorities.
The owners of the negroes, after applying m vain
to the local authorities for their surrender, made
app'tca'ion to ihe Government for redress of in-
jury: and the result, after tan years.' negotiation, i«,
ihat the British Government his agreed to com-
pensate the owners of the C imet and Encomium, on
the ground that these cases occurred before the act
for the abolition of slavery in her colonies had gone
into operation, and refu ed compensaron m the
case of the Enterprise because it occurred after-
wards.
Such are the material facts, drawn from the
correspondence its lf, and admit'ed in the course
of the negotiation. Wha' I propose, in the first
place, is to show that the principle, on which
compen^a'ion was allowed in the cases of the Comet
an I Eticomium.embraces alsothat of the Enterprise;
that no discrimination whatever can be made be-
tween them; and tiat in a't-mpting to make a dis-
crimination, the Br tish Minister has assumed the
very p «nt in controversy, or, to express it in more
familiar language, has begged the question. I shall
rest my argument exclusively on tha admissions
necssanly involved in the two cases, without
looking to any other authority. They will be
fjund, if I do not g eatly mistake, ample of them-
selves for my purpose.
What, then, is the principle necessarily in-
volved, in allowing compensation in those
ca*e ' It will not be nccts>ary to show that
the allowance was not a mere act of gra-
tuity to our citizens. No one will suspect that.
It was, on the contrary, re'uctantly yulded, after
years of negotiation, only on the covction that
the rgh's of our citizens m the negroes could no
longer be d sputed, and, of course, the injustice
of their seizure and de ention Th s brings
me to a question of vital importance in this
di'cussion, to which I must ask the Seriate to
give me its fixed attention; and thit is, on
what did this right of our citizens to the
negroes rest? Not ceitamly on the British
laws, either expressed or implied. So far
otherwi«e, they expressly prohibited, in the
broadest and most unqualified terms, persms
from being broaght in, or retained as slaves,
under heavy penalty and forfeiture of pro-
perty; declared the persons offending to be felons,
and subjected them to be transported beyond Sfa,
or to be confined and kept at hard labor for a
t*rm of years.* But one answer can be given to
the question: that it rested on the laws of their
own country. It was only by them they could pos-
sibly have a right to the negroes. And here we meet
the vital question—how is n that a right resting on
our laws should be valid and respected within the
limits of the British dominion, against the express
prohibition of an act of Parliament*
The auswer can on'y be found in the principles
embraced in the first and second of these resolu-
tions. The former affirms the acknow'edged prin-
ciple that a ship or vessel, on the h gh seas, in time
ot peace, and engaged in a lawful voyagf, is, by
the law of nations, under the exclusive juiisdict on
of the Stile to which her flag belongs, and the se-
cond, that if foiced by stie^s of weather, or other
" See act tb amend and consolidate the laws i elating to the
abolition of the slave trade, 5th see 4c p 113, 6 vol Evan's
j Statutes
unavoidable cauce, into a port of a friendly power,
she would lose none of the right* appertaining to
her on the high seas; but, on the contrary, she, wi h
her cargo and persons on board, including their
property and all t e rights belonging to their per-
sonal relalK ns, wou'd be placed under ihe protec-
tion winch ihe law of nitions extends to the un or-
tunate in such cases.
It is on this solid basis that ihe rights of our citi-
zen  rested. The laws of nations, by their para-
mount authority, overruled, in those cases, the
municipal laws of Great Britain, even within her
territorial limits; and it was to their authoritative
voic? that her Government yielded obelience in
compensating our citizens for the violation of rights
placed under their sacred protection.
Haviag now established the principle necessarily
impi ed in the allowance of compensation in the
cases of ths Comet and Encomium, it will be an
easy ta^k to show that it equally embraces the case
of the Enterprise. It i« admitted by the Bntish
Minister, that there is no o h*-r d s'inction between
it and the ether two, except that it occurred before,
and the others after, the act abolishing slavery in
!*>«• colonies went into operation; and it must, of
course, be equally comprehended in ihe principles
embraced in the first and second resolutions, in
virtue of which compensation was made, as has
been shown, unless indeed that act had the effect
of preventing it, which I shall now show it could
not, according to the law of nations.
A simple but decisive view will be sufficient for
this purpose. I have just shown that the act of
Parliament, for abolishing the sla^e trade, al-
though it expressly prohibited the introduction of
slaves within the limits of the British territory, or
detaining them in that condition, when brought in,
so (ar fiom overruling, were overruled by the prin-
ciples embraced in these resolutions. If that act
did not overrule the laws of nations in those
cases, how, I ask, could the act for the abolition of
slavery in the colonies overru'e them in a esse in
every essential circumstance acknowledged to be
the ^amr? Can a possible reason be assigned?
The au honty by which the two were enacted
is the same, and the one as directly applicable
to the case as the other. If, indeed, there be a dif-
ference, the one for the abolition of the slave trade
is, of the two, the most applicable. That act di-
rectly prohibits the introduction of slaves within the
British dominion, in the most unqualified manner,
or the re aining ihem, when introduced in that con-
di'ion; whle ti e object of the act lor the abolition
of slavery in the colonies, was to emancipate those
who were such under the authority ot the Br.tish
laws. It is true, it abolishes slavery in the British
dominions, but that is no more than had previously
been done, as far as slaves brought into her do-
minions were concerned, by the act for abolish-
ing the slave trade. And yet we see that act was
overruled by the law of nauons, in the case of the
Comet and Encomium. How, then, is it possible
that of two laws, en-cted by th-* same authou y,
both be nz equally applicable, the one, whea ap-
plied to the same cave, should be overruled by the
law of nations, and the other overrule i? It is
clear that it is impossib'e; and that if the one can-
not dtvest ihe rights of cur citizens, nei her can the
other; and, of course, mat the principia on which
compensa ion was a'lowed in the cases of the
Encomium and the Comet, equally embraces
that of the Enterprise. Both acts were, m
truth, but municipal laws; and, as such, nei-
ther could overrule the laws of nations, nor dive t
our citizens of their righ s in the case under con-si-
d ration. In the na'me of things, ins laws of na-
tions, which have for their object the regulation of
the intercourse of State«, must be paramount to
municipal laws, where their provisions happen to
come into cor flict. If not, they would be without
authority. If this be so, there c?n be no discri-
m nation between the three cases, and all ought to
be allowed; or, ll not, none; and, in that case,
our c t zens would have no just claim for com-
pensaron in either. It follows, that Ihe principle
which embraces one embraces all. There can
be no just dis'inction between them; and I
shall next proceed to show, that, in attempt-
ing  to  make a distinction  where there  is  bo
SPEECH OF MR. CALHOUN,
OF SOOTH CAROLINA.
J  Senate, March 13, 1840.   Tne followirg reso-
lutions submitted by Mr. Calhoun on the 4in
inst. wer^ taken up for consideration:
J?f*oire<4fThat a ship or a vessel on the huh seas, in time
of peace, engaged in a lawful voyage, is, accoiding to the laws
of nation* under the exclusive jurisdiction of the State to which
tfier flag Belongs, as much so as if constituting a pari of its own
%>maV.
NiZsfofoed, That if such ship or vessel should be forced by
■tne of weather, or other unavoidable cause, into the port of a
friendly power, she would, under the same laws, lose none of
the rights appertaining to her on the high sets but, on the con-
trary, «he and her cargo and persons on board, with their pro-
perty, and all the r ghts belonging to their personal relations, as
established by the laws of the State to which they belong, would
be placed under the protection which the laws of nations extend
to the unfortunate under such circumstances
Resolved, That the briü Enterprise, whi( h was forced una-
voidably by stress of weather into Fort Hamilton, Bermuda
island, while on a lawful voyage on the high seas fiom one port
of the Union to another, comes within the principles embiaced in
the foregoing resolutions, and that the seizure and detention of
the negroes oa board by the local au hori y of the island, was an
act in violation of the laws of nations, and highly unjust to our
own citizens to whom they belorg
The resolutions having been read,
Mr. CALHOUN said: The ci«e referred to in
these resolutions is one of the three wheh has been
for se long a period a subject of negó íation be-
tween our Government and that of Great Britain,
wnhont, however, receiving the attention which, in
my opinion, is due to the impoitance of ths prin-
ciple involved. The other two were tho>e of the
Comet and Encomium. Iu order to have a clear
withstanding of the bearing of these resolutions,
and the pnrciples they embrace, it will be neces-
sary to give a brief narrative of each of these
cases.
The Comet is the fir<t in order of time.   She
sailed from tins D.stnct in ihe latter part of the
year  1830, destined for   New   Orleans, having,
amorg other things, a number of negroes on board.
Her papéis were regular, and th* voyage in all re-
spects lawful.    She was stranded on   one of the
false keys of the Bahama island, opposite to the
coast of Florida, and almost in sight of our own
shores.   The persons on board, including the ne-
groes, were taken by the wteckers, against the re-
monstrance of the captain and owners, into Nas-
sau, New Providence, where the negroes were for-
cibly se zed and detained by the !< cal authorities.
The case of the Encomium is in almost every
particular similar. It occurred in 1834. She
sailed from Charleston, destined, also, to New
Qriea.08, with negroes oa board, on a voyage, in
