n
86th Cong......1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26?
Protection of Vessels—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
difference, the British negotiator has been com-
pelled to assume the very point in controversy be-
tween the two Governments. In doing this, I pro-
pose to follow his argument, step by step, and
prove the truth of my asseition at each step.
He sets oat w*th laying down the rule, by which
he asserts that those claims should be decided,
which, he says, "is, that those claimants must be
considered entitled to compensation, who were law-
fully in possession of their slaves within the British
territory, and who were disiurbed in their le al pos-
session of those slaves by functionaries of the Bri-
tish Government."   I object not to the rule.    If
\     oar ciuiens had no riyht to their slaves, at any
time after they entered the British territory—that
, is, if the mere fact of en ering extinguished all
right to them, (for that is the amount of the rule,)—
they could of cour-e have no claim on the British
Government, for the plain reason that the local
authority, in seizing and detaining the negroes,
seized and detained what, by suppontion, did not
belong to them. That is clear enough; but let us
see the application: it is given in a few words. He
sa>s: ' Now the owners of the slaves on board the
Enterprise never were lawfully in possession
of those slaves within the British territory;" as-
signing for reason, "that before the Enterprise ar-
rived at Bermuda, slavery had been abolished in
the British Empire"—an assertion which I shall
show, in a subsequent part of my remarks, to be
erroneous. From tint, and thai alone, he comes to
the conclusion, "that the negroes on board the En-
terprise had, by entering within the British jurisdic-
tion, acquired rights which the local courts were
bound to p'oiect." Such certainly would have
been the case if they had been brought in, or enter-
ed voluntarily. He who enters voluntmly the ter-
ritory of ano her State, tacitly submrs himself, with
all his rights, to its laws, and is as much bound to
submit to them as its citizens or subjects. No one
denies that; but that is not the present case. They
entered not voluntarily, but from necessity; and the
very point at issue is, whether the Brit sh munici-
pal laws could divert their owners of property in
their slaves on entering British terr.tory, in cases
such as the Enterprise, when the vessel has been
forced into their territory by necessity, through an
act of Providence, to save the lives of those on
board. We deny they can, and maintain the oppo-
steground:—that the law of nation* in such cases in-
terposes and protects the vessel and those on board,
wiih their rights, against the municipal laws of the
State, to which they have never submitted, and to
which it would be cruel and inhuman, as well as
anja t, to subject them. Such is clearly (he point
at issue between the two Governments; and it is not
less clear, that it is the very point assumed by the
Briii-h negotiator in the controversy.
He felt, in assuming hs ground, that the general
principle was against him, according to which,
the municipal laws yield to the laws of nations in
such case-; and in order to take himself out of its
operation, he attempted to make a distinction
equally novel and untenable. He averts "that
there is a distinction between laws bearing on the
personal liberty of man, and laws bearing upon the
property which man may claim in irrational ani-
mals or inanimate things;" and concedes "that if a
ship, containing such animals or things, were dri-
ven by stress of weather into a foreign port, it
would be highly unjust that the owner should be
s ripped of what belongs to him, through the appli-
cation of ihe municipal law of the State to which
he had not voluntary submitted himself." Yes, it
would be both unjust and inhuman; and because
it would be so, it is contrary to the law of nations,
which is but the rules of justice and humanity ap-
plied to the intercourse of nations; and therefore
it is that it interposes in cases like the present,
and placet under its protection the right  of the un-
fortunate, even against the municipal laws of the
place.
But he asserts thu the principle dees not extend
to the cases in which rights of property in persons
are concerned, (for such must he ih- me-ming, or
it is who ly irrelevant to the ques ion at is-
sue,) because "there are three parties to the
transaction; the owntr of the, carso, the lo-
cal authority, and the alleged «lave; and the thir
party is no less entitled than the first to appeal to
the local authority for such protection as the law of
the land may afford him." This is the position
on which the British negotiator mainly rests his ar-
gument-, and if this fails, the whole must fall to the
ground. It is not difficult to see, from what he
says of two parties appealing to the local authority,
that he tacitly puts aside the law of nations, and
assumes the parties 'o be under the municipal law
of the place; and, also, that those laws, and not the
law of nations, «re the standard by which their
rights are to be judged; but is it not manifest this is
an assumption, in another form, of the point in
controversy? Against it, unsustained and unsus-
tainable, by authority or reason, I shall oppose
what, to him, must be the highest authority—that of
the British Government itself—in the cases of the
Comet and Encomium, backed by unanswerable
reasons.
If the distinction be true at all, between property
in persons and property in things, or irrational
animals, it wac, to the full, as applicable to those
case  as it is to that ef the Enterpi tse. In them the
right of property in persons was involved, and the
three parties included, to the same extent, as in
that. Nor was personal liberty less concerned.
As far as British law* could affect the rights of our
citizens, the negroes be'onging to the Comet and
Encomium were as free as those be'onging to the
Enterprise. An act of Parliament, as his been
shown, forbade their introduction, and for-
feited the Tights of their owners, thereby
making them free, wiih righ's to maintain,
as far as British legislation ould make them si;
and yet, after full and mature investigation and
reflection for the spa^e of ten year?, it was admit-
ted that the same ml  applied to them, wh.ch, it is
conceded, would apply in ¡similar cusps to property
in thing-, or irrational animals. Now, I ask, if
thi act for the abolition of the slave tradp, which
directly forbids the introduction of negroes a¡ slave*,
and forrei s the rights of their owners, did not, as
we have wen, justify the distinciion in the cases of
the Comet and Encomium, now attempted to be
made between tin two descriptions of p opeity,
how could the act for the abolition of shvery jjs-
tify it in the case of the Enterprise? In the
former, there were all the parties, wi h their re-
spective rights, just the same as in the latter; and
if the local authorities were not boun 1 to recogí ise
and protect the negroes in the one case, why, I a^k,
were they in the oiher? Can a sat sfactory anst  er
be given? And, if not, what bxompsof the dis-
tinction, with all its consequences, at empted to be
deduced from ii?
The British negot;ator, as if consc'ous of the
weakness of the position, attempts imn.e liate'y to
fortify it. He says: "If, indeed, a municipal law
be made, which violates the laws of nations, a
question of another kind may arise. But the mu-
nicipal law which forbids slavery, is no violation of
the laws of nations. It i?, on the contrary, in
strict harmony with ihe laws of nation*; anl, there-
fore, when slaves are liberated, accord ng to such
municipal law, there is no wrong done, and thtre
can be no compensation granted;" a position preg-
nant with meaning, as will heieaftf r appeir, but I
must say, Hire all his others, a mere assump'ion of
the point at issue, expressed in vague and indefinite
language.
If, in asserting that a municipal law abolish-
ing slavery is not a violation of -the laws of
nations, it is meant that it is not a violation of those
laws for a State to abolish slavery which exists un-
der its authority, it may be readily admitted, without
p*#judice to the rights of pur citizen- in the case
in question, though it is a little remarkable, ihat the
British Government allowed compensation to their
own subjects by this very act under which slavery
was abolished—authority in direct contradiction to
the assertion that no compensation can be granted,
when tie act is applied to the cass of our citizens,
forced, wihoui their consent, into   its territory.
But if, instead of that, it be meant that all muni-
cipal laws, not in violation of the laws of nations,
are valid against those laws, when ih y come in
conflict with them, how can the distinción, at-
tempted to be drawn between the rights of proper-
ty in things, or irrational animals, and in persons,
be justified? or how can the allowanc* of compen-
san on in the cases of the Comet and Encomium be
explained? I put the question, Was the law for the
abolition of ihe slave tiade, a violation of the
laws of nations? And if not a violation, as it cer-
tainly was not, how came compensation to be
granted in those case ? Can an answer be given?
And if not, what becomes of the distinction at-
tempied to be taken?
But another meaning may be intended; that
it was no violation of the law of nations to
extend the act, for the abolition of slavery in
the British territories, to cases such as the En-
terprise. If that is litendel, it would be like all
the other distinctions whtch have been attempted—
but an assumption of the point in controversy.
I have now stated, in his own words, every ar-
gument advanced by the British negotiator to sus-
tain the disuncuon which he has attempted between
the cases of the Comet and Encomium, and that of
the Enterprise, and have, I trust, established, be-
yond controversy, that there is no rational ground
whatever for the distinc i n. When sgain ptessed
on the subject by our Minis er, who was not satis-
fied with his argument*, he assumed the broad
ground that Great Britain hid the right to forbid
the recognition of slavery within her territory; and
as our claim was inconsistent with such right, it
could not be allowed, and on this closed the cor-
respondence. It is easy to see, if she has such
right, in the broad and unqualified sense in which
it is laid down, and appl ej to the case in question,
it extends to all rights whatever, whether it be right
of pr>p?rty in things and irrat.onal animals, or
growmg < ut of personal r-lations, whether founded
in consent or not. Ail ere euher the crea-
tures of positive enactments, or subject to be regu-
la el anl controlled by municipal laws; and she
has jus' the same right to prohibit the recognition i f
any one or a'l of those nghis within her territory,
as the one in quest'on. But who can doubt that
such prohibitun, if extended to esses of distress,
such as the Enterprise, woullbe a most flagrant
violation of the laws of nations, a? understood and
acted on by all civilized na was, and even as ad-
mitted and acted on by herself, in the cases of the
Comet an 1 Encom um?
To us this is not a mere abstrae* question, nor
one simply relating to the free use of the high seas.
It comes nearer horn . It is one of free and safe
pa^sige from one poit to another of our Union; as
much so to us, as a question touch ng the free and
safe use of the channels between England and
Ireland on the one side, and the opposite coast of
the coniinent on the other, would be to Great
B.itain. To understand its deep importance to u«,
it must be borne in mind, that the i->land of Ber-
muda lies but a short distance off our coas-t, and
that the channel between the Bahama islands and
Florida is not less than two hundred miles in
length, and on an average not more than fifty
wide; and that through this long, narrow and diffi-
cult channel, the immense trade between our ports
on t e Gulf ot Mexico and the Atlantic coast must
pass, which, at no distant period, will constitute
more than half of the tra'e of the Union. The
principle set np by the British Government, if car-
ried out to its full extent, would do much to close
this a'l-importaiit channel, by rende ing it too
hazardous lor use. She has only to give an indefi-
nite extension to the principle applied to the case
of the Enterprise, and the work would be done;
and why has she not as gord a rght to apply it to
a cargo of sugar or cotton, as to the slaves who
produced it?
I have now, I trust, established, to the satisfaction
of the Senate, whai I proposed when I commenced;
that the principle on which compensation was al-
lowed in the cases of the Comet and Encomium,
equally embraces that of the Enterprise; that no
just di>ttnction can be male between them; and
that the British negotiator, in attempting to make
a distinction, was forced to assume the point in
controversy. And here I might conclude my re-
marks, as far as these resolutions are concerned;
but there are other questions connected w.th this
subject, not less important, which demand atten-
tion, and which I shall now proceed to consider
It is impossible to read the correspondence be-
