Mar. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
26th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Protection of Vessels—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
and  other  powers  impelled  by  like  madnes ,
You are attempting what will prove impossible.
You lay dewn a maxim which you would limit in
its applica'ion, so as to srityour own safely and
convenience.   Vain hope in this inquiring and in-
vestigating *ge.   You cannot make a monopoly of
a principle so as to vend it for your own benefit.
It will be carried out to its ultimate results, when
its reaction will be terrific on your social and poli-
tical condition.   Already   it   begins to show its
fruits.   The subject mass of your population, un-
der the name of Chartists, are now clamoring for
the benefit e-f the maxim, as applied to themselves.
They demand practically, in their case, the benefit
of the principle you propagate at  a distance; and
for so doing, are cut down without mercy.   My
object is not to censure the course adopted towards
them.   It is not for me to judge what your safety
may require.   I am simply thowing that the maxim
on which you profess to act in relation to the West
India colonies, and which you must apply to our
case, in order to sustñn your decision, begins to
be applied to your own at home.   It is only the
beginning.   Already it is passing into a higher and
more intellectual   class,   who   are applying   it
to   the   present   social   and    po itical   condi-
tion of Europe.     A body of   men, not incon-
siderable   either   fur   numbers   or   talent*,   on
the continent of Europe, and particularly in France,
are busy in making such application.   They are
men not of a character to stop short, or be intimi-
dated by final results    Already they proclaim that
social or political slavery—that which results from
the subjection of the great mass of society to  the
small governing class,   is  worse than   domestic
lavery—that which exists within the southern por-
tion of our Union, in its mildest and most mitigated
form.   In illustration, I will read an extract from
the Paris correspondent of the Naional Intelli-
gencer, said to be Mr. Walsh, taken from the work
of tie Abbe Lamannais:
"The Abbe exclaims, 'In good sooth, I am not
in the least astonished that so many, viewi. g only
the material side of things, and the present separa-
ted from the future, should, in the midst of our
boasted civilization, regret the ancient domestic
slavery. Thirty-three millions of Frenchmen, true
serfs of this era, crouch ignominiously under the
domination of two hundred thousand privileged
master , and supreme dispensers of their lot. Such
is the fruit of our strugglej for half a century.
Slaves, arise and break your chains! let them no
longer degrade in you the name of man ! Eighteen
centuries of Christianity have elapsed, and we still
live under the pagan system.' "
To this I add another ex'r¿ct, taken from another
of the public journals, which will give some idea
what are the fruits of slavery in the foim so vehe-
mently denounced by the Abbe:
"England and Ireland —It's enough to make
one's heart bleed, if all were true, in the winter
pictures drawn of t^e starved, suffering condition
of the peasantry in the bogs—their cabins inunda-
ted with rains and mud—'he bodies of ihe laborers
saturated with wet, sheping on firelcs hearthr,
and peat at the exorbitant price of a penny a sod—
too exorbitant to cook the very few potatoes they
mty have. Parallel to these scenes the English opera-
tives are stated to be reduced to dire extremity, and
around these dark and gloomy spots, we have nar-
ratives of the luxurious and voluptuous life led by
the favored few of the gentry and nobility."
If such is the condition of what the Abbe calls
"the serfs of this era" io the most civilized coun-
try in Europe, well may our domestic slave, in the
midst of plenty, and under the guardian care of a
master, identified with him in interest, rejoice at
his comparative happy condition. The exagge-
rated picture, drawn by the most infuriated Aboli-
tionist, can find nothing in the whole region of the
South to equal this picture of misery and want-
and yet it is Great Britain, wherein such a con-
trast of wretchedness and volup'uousness exists,
that wages such unrelenting hostility against domes-
tic slavery ! She wars against herself. The maxim
she now pushes against others, will, in turn, be
pushed against her. She is preparing the
way for universal discord, within and with-
out,    Tht movement began with Wilberforce,
and other misguided men like him, who, although
humane and benevolent, looked at the surface of
things, with little knowledge of the springs of hu-
man action, or the principles on which the existing
social and political fabric of Europe rest*; and, I
may add, like all other enthusiasts, without much
regard, a* to the means employed in accomplish-
ing a favorite object.
There never before existed on this globe a na-
tion that p.esen'ed such a spectacle as Great Bii-
tain does at this moment.   Sue seems to be actu-
ated by the most opposite and conflicting motives.
While apparency actuated by so much zeal, on this
side of the Cape of Good Hope, in the cause of
human ty and liberty, she appears to be actuated, on
the other side, by a spirit of conquest and domination
not surpassed by Rome, in the haughtiest days of the
Republic.   She has just subjected and added to her
vast empire in the East, the country between India
and Pe sia; and is at this moment, if we are to be-
lieve recent accounts, preparing an extensive expe-
dition against  the olde-ii of nations, containing a
popula'ion not less than a fourth of the human
race—a n<- tton that has lived through generations
of nations, anl which was old and civilized before
the Governments of Western Europe came into ex-
istence; I need scarcely say I refer to China.   Let
me add to her other claims to respect and venera-
tion, that, of all despotic Governments, it seems to
me, (judging from the scanty evidence we have of
a people so secluded,) it is the wisest and most pa-
rental.   And for what, if we may believe report, is
Great Britain about to wage war against this vene-
rable and peaceful people? To force on them the use
of opium,   the   product of  her  slaves   on   hpr
Hindu plantation, against the   resistance   of the
Chinese   Government.     Anl   what   is   th?   ex-
tent and character of this ttadc?   It is calculated
it wou'd have reached,  the last year, had it not
been interrupted, forty thousand chests, or more
than five millions of pounds, woith about twenty
millions of dollars, suflWent, by estimate, to sup-
ply thirteen or fourteen millions of opium smokers,
and to cause a greater de<tructon of life annually,
than   the   aggresa e   number of negroes in  the
Biitish West India colonies,  whose condition has
been ti e cause of so much morbid sympathy.    It
is against the trade in this pern cious and poisonous
drop, carried on by fraud and smuggling, that the
Chinese Government has taken the most energetic
and decisive measures, as it was called to do by the
highest consideration of policy and hurmnity.    Of
all deaths, none is more wretched than that occa-
sioned by this seductive but fatal drug.   The sub-
ject slowly expires, with all the powers and func-
tions of mind and body complf tely exhausted, a
spectacle odious ti behold.
Such is the trade which, it is said, the expedition
is intended to enforce, against the decrees of the
Órnese Government. The rumor, I hope, is
groundless. I hope, for the honor of England—for
the honor of modern civilization, and the Christian
name—that its object is far different; and that, in-
sead of enforcing a traffic so abominable, it is in-
tended to co-operate with the wise and humane po-
licy of the Chinese Government in suppressing it;
and that, so far from aiding smugglers and ruffians,
it is intended to seize and punúh them, as they de-
serve. If, however, rumor should prove true, what
a contrast it would exhibit between the conduct cf
Great Britain in that and this quarter of the globe?
There, we find hf r extending her power and domi-
nion, rf gird less of justice or humanity; while here,
we find her in the depth of sympathy for a band of
negroes, brought into our por's und-r a suspicion
of murr'er and piracy, intermeddling in their behalf
with our own and the Span^h Governments—and
that, too, at the solicitation of an Abolition socie'y
of her own subjects! Strange as this may seem,
it is true. I hold in my hind evidence of the fact,
which I rrquest the-Secretary to read.
The Secretary then read the following:
"Foreign Office, London, Dec. 23, 1839.
"Sir: With teference Io the memorial of the
Glasgow Emancipation Society, dated the 25th of
October last, on behalf of the negroes who took
possess'on of the Amistad, and were subsequently
carried to New London, in the United States of
America, I am directed by Viscount Palmerston to
state to you, for the information of the above men-
tioned society, that his lordship has directed her
Majesty's Minister at Washington to interpose his
good offices in their behalf, in order that they may
be restored to liberty; and h s lordship has further
instructed her Majesty's Charge d'Affaires at Ma-
drid to call upon the Spanish Government to issue,
immediately, strict orders to the authorities of Cu-
ba, that, if the request of the Spanish Minister at
Washington is complied with, Ihe negroes in ques-
tion may be put in possession of their liberties.
"Her Majesty's Charge d'Affaires at Madrid has
likewise been instructed to urge the Spanish Go-
vernment to cause the laws agiinst the slave trade
to be enforced against Messrs. Ruiz and Montez,
and aga'nst all other Spanish subjects concerned in
the transaction in question.
"I am, sir, your most obedient, humble servant,
"W. FOX SrRANGWAYS.
"Wm. P. Patton, esq. &c. Glasgow."
Yes, strange ways, indeed, if it might be per-
mit ed, on so grave an occasion, to allude to a
nam?. Strange ways—making millions of slaves
in one hemisphere—forcing, by fire and sword,
the poisonous product of their labor on an old and
civilz'd peope,while,in another, interposing,in a
flood of sympathy, in behalf of a band of barba-
rous slaves, with hani'.s imbrued with blood! I
trust such officious intermedliug will be met as it
deserves. Has it come to this, that we cannot
touch a subject connected with an African, with-
out the interference of another Government, at the
solicititien of a foreign society, instigated, no
doubt, by a foreign faction among ourselves? I
mean not a faction of foreigners, but of oar own
people, who, in their fanatical zeal, have lost every
feeling belonging to an American, and transferred
their allegiance to a foreign power.
In making these remarks, I have not been actu-
ated by feeings of hostility towards Great Briain.
My motive is far different. With all her faults I
admire and esteem her for many and great quali-
ties. My desire is peace. It is the wish of the
civil sed world; and I would regard war between
the two kindred people as among the greatest ef
calamities. But justice is indispensable to peace
among nations. Our maxim ought to be, neither
to do, nor submit to, wrong—to ask for nothing but
justice, and to aecrpt nothing less; but never disturb
peaceful relations till every means of obtaining
justice has been tried in vain. I have, in this case,
acted in that spirit. I believe, solemnly, that jus-
tice has been withheld. To prove that, has been
my object. I trust I have dose it to the satisfaction
of the Senate. I also bel eve that justice has been
withheld on grounds ut'erly un'enab'e, and which,
if persi<-ted in, must lead, in the end, to the avowal
of a principle, on the part of Great Britain, that
must striKe a fatal b'ow at t*ie peace of the two
countries; and, in its reaction, on the social and po-
litical condni n of Great Br tain and the rest of
Europe. Thus believing, 1 have attempted to
point to some of the disas'rous consequences which
must follow, with the view of rousing attention to
the q  est:o i at is-ue between the two Governments,
in Ihe case under consideration, in Older to obtain
redress of injury. If, in making my remarks, f
have assailed her, it is because we have been as-
sailed, as I conceive, in assuming the principle on
which justice has been withheld.
The immediate object I had for introducing these
resolutions was, to take the sense of the Senate on
the subject to which they refer; and which embra-
ces a principle vital to us of the South, and of deep
interest to the rest of the Union. My conviction is
strong, that we have justice on our sid-*; and I wish
to afford to our brethren in the other sections, an
opportunity of exhibiting a proof of their attach-
ment to the common interest, by sustaining a cause
where we are particularly concerned, as *e did, at
the last session, by sustaining unanimously one
where they were. 
I have no particular wish, as to the mode of dis-
posing or the resolutions. All I desire is a direct
vote on them; but I am indifferent, whether tbey
shall be first referred and reported on, or be discus-
•Refeir'ng to th« c* e of Mais .
