Mar. J840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sn
£6th Cong  ••• 1st Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
Our country is returning to the ways of econo-
my and prudence, and doing without the useless ar-
ticles from foreign countries, for which we have
been cursed with a foreign debt. A considerable
portion of the  ubstance of the land was drained
from the United States to foreign countries, to pay
our debts. This po'icy was mo«t ruinous and in-
jurious to the people of the United States. I
forced us to pay for useless articles—articles of
lazory and extravagance—with our sjhd sab-
stance, which will never again return to us.
In this respect, our country is in a much be'ter
situation than in the years which were flooded with
paper money. I do not pretent to say there is no
individaal embarrassment at this time in the Uni-
ted States. I know well there is, to a considerable
extent, in some pans of the Union; but this is con-
fined to a small number of individuals, and to par-
ticular sections of the country. It is not general
throughout the country, so as to be sensibly felt in
the operations of the General Government. These
s nail embarrassments arise mostly from debts con-
tracted in the years of paper excitement and specu-
lation. It is the result i f the bloated circulation,
and of the mtoxicaied state of society at that time.
We are now sobern g down irom it to labor and
economy.
Mr. Speaker.the supposition must be admitted .that
these debts were contracted tor valuable considera-
tions; and the party owing the debt had an equivalent
for such debt, and should pay it. These debts are
mostly due their neighbors, the citizens of the Uni-
ted States, and therefore the whole concern is
with the Government. It matteis not to the Go-
vernment in whose hands the wealth and substance
of the people are, if it be vmhin the power of the
Government either to levy a tax direct, or by
way of tariff duties. This Government, like all
free Governments should do, permits its cifzens
to carry on individual enterprise in the manner
that may suit their own opinions of propriety;
and if any should become embarrassed, he must
lay the sin at his own door, and use the proper
means to extrteate himself from it. The General
Government cannot interfere in individual cases.
The conclusion seems to me to be irresistible,
that, although there may be some individual em-
barrassment, yet the nation—the aggregate whole
—is not embarrassed. The wealth, the substance,
and the vigorous enterprise of the people are bet-
ter and greater than they have been in this Govern-
ment at any time since its creation.
The real wealth and power of a nation is not
alone its wealth on hand; it is not the substance in
existence at the time; but it is the capacity of the
people to produce, and not to consume more than
necessary, that constitutes a vigorous and power-
ful Government. This is pre-eminently the fact
with the American people.
Mt. Speaker, without pursuing this subject any
fanner, which might be carried down to a political
demonstration, I will conclude with the utmost
confidence, that the Government of the United
States is, at this time, in a more sound, solvent,
and vigorous condit.on than it has been in since its
en&tence; and therefore more able and capable to
make all necessary and customary appropriations
of money for the necessary objects of Govern-
ment.
[Mr. Marvin of New York rose, and observed
to the Speaker, that the gentleman from Illinois
was out of order. At the same time many voices
were heard in the hall, saying goon, goon.]
Mr. Reynolds, after a short pause, said, Mr.
Speaker, it may be I am out of order; but the rea-
son I have taken occasion, on this subject, to
to address the House, is,, that I had no opportunity
before. I have the greatest respect for my friend,
the chairman of the Commitee of Ways and
Means, and for the party with which I act, and as
ihey were anxious that the Treasury Note bill
would pass without delay, and without the friends
of the Administration delaying it, I refrained from
speaking on this subject, when that bill was m the
Committee of the Whole. I did not srish to de-
lay, bat to expedite the legitimate operations of the
Administration in this House. This is the reason
I am now before you, Mr. Speaker. As I said be-
fore, I consider it my duty to throw my small
d£op into the bucket as soon as possible to arrest
this non appropriation policy.
I am, Mr. Speaker, not at all for a wild and pro-
digal expenniture of the public money, nor for an
extravagant and chimerical system of appropria-
tions. This policy I conceive to be worse than too
much retrenchment. I dislike the extremes in
either case. A medium policy, which the Govera-
ment has pursued since its creation, I think is the
most wise and proper course to pursue at the pre-
sent time. This is a 11 solicit for my constituent,
for the Government to pursue the old beaten track,
which it has been in since the first days of its ex-
istence. This seems to me to be so reasonable,
that it is strange one would think to find a man
against it.
Mr. Speaker, I have been frequently amused
with the various opinions the State Rights party
assume in this House. It seems to me that when-
ever any subject cannot easily be understood, or
when it is necessary to have it misunderstood, the
doctriue of State Rights is brought into requisi-
tion, and theliuestion decided by the science of po-
litical abstractions.
As far a*. I can d;cover, almost every one in this
House is of the State Rights party. There cannot
be much difference of opinion amongs' inte ligent
individual* on that plain common s:nse instrument,
the Con titution of the United Slates If we had
no wrtten Constitution, we mjght hones'ly enter-
tain a great difference of opinion; but it is impos-
sible, in the case of our form of Government.
I am opposed to any latitudinous construction,
which would give to the General Government more
power and patronage than were intended by the
Constitution; and I am friendly to a smct construc-
tion, confining the United S ates Government to
national objects alone. I am a State Rights man,
so far as to retain for the State Governments the r
legitimate power of action. Bat I am not for giv-
ing them all power, by construing fie Constitution
to death. I am utterly opposed to that construction
which will destroy its efficacy and its usefulness,
and place it, as a minor, in the cradle, under the
exclusive guardianship of the State Rights party.
Enlighened puMic opinion does not confirm this
construction. For a series of years, the various
tribunals of the country, composed of ihe first in-
telligence of the age, have given to this instrument
a different construction, and such as will enable the
Congress of the United States to make necessary
appropriations to advance the "commerce of the
country, and to complete useful aad important
works. This construction is not of one or two
years' standing; but for a long series, amounting to
almost the whole time from ihe formation of our
Government down to the present time. This
would bhow a settled policy and construction, given
by men the most wise and learned of that day. I
might mention all ihe Presidents, from the begin-
ning of the Government to the present-time, and
almost all mankind with them, who have given
the power to the General Government, under Ihe
Constitution, to make these necessary appropria-
tions. And, Mr. Speaker, will we now change
that uniform decision, and abandon these appro-
priations? Are we become more wise an.I learned
than our predecessois? I do not pretend to it, for
my part.
Every individual who respects the peace and or-
der of iociety, will be pleased at the stability and
permanency of the laws, as it respects the right of
private property. This is esíen'ial as to the value
of property and the peace of socieiy; but bow much
more important is it to have our political rights
also made ceitain and permanent? The value and
esteem we will entertain for our po'itical rights
will be very much imparted by changing them from
tin e to lime; we will be secure and certain in no-
ting, and all things will be float.n? loo^e at the
mercy of every popular breeze. This is not what
the people contemplated, or expected, under a per-
manent and written Comti ution, and a sound ad-
ministration of it. And I hope they may not be
disapp< inted in their views of a permanent Govern-
ment.
Mr. Speaker, with this settled po'icy the country,
for the last thirty or for years, has been, identified,
and has been interwoven with it for weal and fof
woe. All the political associations and feelings of
the people in various sections of the Union have
commenced with this policy, and have taken root in
it, and have grown with it to the present time. Mea
have grown gray in the advocacy and support of
these principles, and hive witnessed the great pros-
perity of the country under the benign influence of
this wise and constitutional policy. And are we,
in the West, under our crippled condition, to raise a
revenue, to be abandoned, our necessary and impor-
tant works,to advance our commerce, to be forsaken,
and left unfinished, to lose the money already ex-
pended on them? Is tnis the permanency we ex-
pected under a written Constitution and a wise ad-
ministration of it? Are not the improvements of
the Ohio and Mississippi rivers important and na-
tional work*? Is it not important to the commeraj
of the Western country to purchase out for the Go-
vernment, and make it free, the Portland and Louis-
ville canal around the Falls of the Ohio? Is it not
important to improve the Rapids on the Upper
Mississippi, and remove the Red river rafi? and
many other necessary improvements in the West?
It was supposed to be good and wise policy to
mak* and improve the harbors on the Northern
Lakes. The Constitution is the same, and the ne-
cessity for the support of commerce is increased,
and why not continue the work? The harbor at
Cmca^o is of vital interest to the commerce oh
Lake Michiean, in the State of Illinois The im-
provement his been commenced,and why abandon
41? It is unwise and ruinous policy to arrest these
useful and important works and let them mc-Vlder
and decay, when the Government is more able to
complete them than it was at any previous time
since us creation.
The Cumberland road is a'so a work of this im-
portant character. It seems it was national and
constitutional to make it whi'e it was in the old
States; but when it was carried west of the Ohio
river, its constituí onality was suspected, and its
parents are about to give it a stone, when its friends
ask for bread to support it.
Mr. Speaker, will the people in the West be re-
conciled to this course of policy? Will they not
expect the ordinary appropriations to complete
these important works, as thev have been accus-
tomed to receive them for almost an age past?
We have been led to believe that this coarse would
be pursued, and have identified our notions and
works with it.
I think it is unwise policy to indulge in this
rabid an I ultra retrenchment, to cripple and cradle
the Constitution, and thereby to abandon the settled
and wise policy of the country.             ,
I think it my day to my people, and" to my po-
litical fr ends and others in this House, to present
my views to them on this suoject/and to know, in
time to come, that I did my djfty. I may again
resume the subject at a proper time.
^PEBCH OF/IR. DUNCAN,
1                     or ohto,
In the House of Repeeientatives, March 26, 1840—la
Commitee of thiMVnole, on the bill to author ze
the issue of Treasury notes.
Mr. CiumwjilN: It was my intention to have
let the Opposition do all the talking on this mea-
sure, tut lurch has been the spread of misrepresen-
tation oWact?, prejudicial to the Administiation
and all us measure-, for political effect, that it be-
comes my duty, in justice to mysrlf, to make a few
remarks, by way of defence. When the Adminis-
tra'ijn is b oadly and unqualifiedly denounced in
every Federal Whig speech made here, as the most
corrupt of corruptions, and all i's measures as lead-
ing to the overhrow of this Government and the
destruction of ihe people's be t interests, it becemei
a du<y—which every member here owe* to himself,
who is a supporter of the Administration and its
measures and principles—ts repel such charges.
It is in the exerci-e of this duty I will ask your at-
tention for a short time, as well ns to discharge an
obligation I feel myself under to the Administra^
The bill now under consideration is onii for he
relief of the Government.   Its very title and the
