«74
26th ConO" 1st Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
7----------
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Duncan.
Mar. 1840.
H. of Reps.
H* (the President) shall, from tima to tira*, give to the Con-
gress infonnauoa of the mate of the Union, end recommend to
their cootidereuon euch measures as he shall judge necessary
and expedient.
This duty and this power was exercised. The
Executive, through the Secretat y of War, early in
1835 made a communication to the Senate, in which
he set torth the embarrassments of the country,
with reference to our foreign dangers, and the war
in Florida, and in which be urged upon Congress
the importance and indispensable necessity of
augmenting the army. This message was reterred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, ol which
the honorable R. M. Johnson was chanmao. The
necessity of the measure was propt rly appreciated
by the committee and the Senate, and a bill to in-
crease the army was reported, and pissed by the
Senaie It went to the House, but did not receive
us action. The same measure was urged upon
Congress by the Executive at its next s°s-ion; it
was agiia referred to the Committee «n Military
Affaire, and a bill to augment the army repi red;
and passed by the Senate, but failed in the House.
Thus was the Executive thwarted in obtaining the
means by which the Florida war would, in all pro-
bability, have been instantly suppressed, and much
innocent blood, and many millions of money been
saved; and yet the reckle-s and demagogical cry
of imbecility and extravagance is laised by one
universal Federal jélp against the Administration,
for that which Gengress tailed to put in its power
todo.            /
I now proceed to expose the policy pursued in
relation to Joe Florida war, which will account for
thenselessexpcrditure of millions, the procrastina-
tion ¿riñe war, and the beartsickemng shed of
^fcleetfj human slaughter, and destruction of pro-
perty, and a policy, too at war, with every effort of
the Executive and the War Department of this
Government; an exposition which, I think, the
intelligent reader will understand and appreciate,
and will know where, and on whom, to lay the
blame of all oar fallares and misfortunes in the
Florida war.
As soon as onr difficulties with France were
settled, the TJniud States troops were ordered to
Florida, or so many of them as were not necessary
to remain with our fortifications. But the number
was insufficient. Congress bad failed to augment
the resalar army. No other course was leu for
the Executive but to make drafls upon the militia
for volunteers. This was done at a most frightful
expense, and frequently resulted in little more than
«urcAtng and countermarching—that is, matching to
Florida and marching back again, Mich was ihe
limited time for which they volunteered, and such
the distance ihey had to march.
I will enumerate some of those marches.
In January, 1836. when the news of Dade's mas
sacre reached New Orleans, General Gaines rai-ed
a corps of volun'ef rs, and, united with a few regu-
lars, marched them from Louisiana to Florida,
where they served until the ensuing May, when
they weie marched back to their homes, and dis-
charged.
In the month of February of that year, two
armies of volunteers and militia, between three
and four thousand strong, were raised by General
Scott, one in South Carolina and Georgia, the
other in Alabama, and marched to Florida, where
they served about tixly deyi, and were then marched
back and discharged.
In the month of June following, a brigade of
mounted volunteers was organ zed in Tennessee,
and pot in march for Florida. It halted a while in
the Creek country, and entered Florida late in Sep-
tember, where it served until December, when its
term of service expired, and it then took up the line
of march on its return to Tennessee, in the midst
of the campaign then in progress.
The departure of the Tennessee volunteers for
home at a critical period of the campaign, imposed
upon the commanding General the necessity of
calling upon Georgia and Alabama for another
contribution; and accordingly, a corps of volunteers
was again organized in each of those States, and
marched from thence into Florida, where they
served about three months, when they likewise com-
menced their return march to their homes.
la the fall of 18?7, the Executive made a very
energetic effort to close the war during ihe then ap-
proaching winter; and a large lorce of volunteers
was drawn from Georgia, Alabama, Tennessee,
Louisiana, and M ssis*ippi, in the hope of effecting
that object. They arrived in December, and served
through the winter, when they were marched back
to the r remote homes, and discharged.
From this brief review, it issten that as many
as five volunteer armies, from fiiBt to last, have
been raised, c rgan zed, aud marched from distant
parts to Florida, to serve two or three months, and
(hen marched back to their homes. I have no
means of knowing the precise number thus mus-
tered m'.o service, and then mustered out again,
but Irom what information I have been ab'e lo
gather, the whole number was not Uss than twenty
thousand, exclusive of the Florida militia who
were in the country.
Now, sir, when we consider that the expenses of
militia and volunteers commence under the law,
(see act of 20th April, 1818,) the raonvnt they
leave their homes, even while marching to the
rendí zvou*, and continue until they are march d
back again to the same place, I ask, can ihere be
any wonder wnh the honest and reflecting mind,
that such opeiations as 1 have descubed should
have been expensive, more especially when it is
cons.dered that scarcely any but mounted volun-
teers can be obtained, and ihese, including their
ho^es and forage,#ost, I am informed, near six
times ai much as regu'ar foot soldiers.
Tne commanding general is responsible for the
expenses incurred by ihe operations ot the army,
after it is p'aced in the field under his command.
The Execuiive is responsible for the judicious ap-
plication of the means placed at his disposal by
Congress to carry on war. But Congre=s is clear-
ly responsible for the inadequacy or unfitness of
those means, and tor all the consequences resulting
therelrom, especially if the recommendations of the
Execu ive have been disregarded or overruled, as
they have been throughout the Florida war.
If, then, it be true, as I think it is, and as every
man will think who will examine the subject, that
the heavy expenses of the Florida war have re-
sulted chiefly from the employment of volunteers
and militia, instead of regular troops, the respon-
sibility for those expenses clearly attaches to Con-
gres , rather than lo the Executive, or to the subor-
dinate officers actmg under the Execut,ve auiho-
nty.
The army was increased in July, 1838, since
which, there have been but few volunteers or
militia employed, and none drawn from & distance.
The consequences have been, that the expenses of
the war have been greatly reduced, as an exami-
nation will show. The expenses oí the last cam-
pa go have bten any thin; but extravagant, ihe
lorce be ng nearly all regulars
Sir, I feel myse'f bound here to speak of the ser-
vices of Color el T. Cross, who has had charge of
the quartermaster department in Florida during
the last campaign. That officer has distinguished
himself in that capacity as he has in every other
official sta ion which he has held under the Govern-
ment. It is due to him to say that he has been the
prac ical agent, by which the system of reform, re-
gularity and retrenchment, has been adopted in the
conduct of the army in Florida, by which not less
than from two to three hundred thousand dollars have
been saved to the Government within the last year.
I submit his circular, which I ask may be read, and
I regret that its length will preclude its admissü n
in my printed remarks. The plan contained in this
circular, was the plan of the Executive and of the
War Depaitment, but he was the active agent who
produced its practical results, that have and will
save to the Government hundreds of thousands of
dollars. I hope this circular may find i's way in
the columns of every honest newspaper in the coun-
try. I think it would have the effect to stop the
mouth of many a barking Whig whiffet. It will
be seen by this circular, as well as by its results,
that every means have been adopted that could be
adopted without impairing the efficiency of the ser-
vice, to retrench expenditures and secure economy.
Sir, it is almost incredible to those unacquainted
with the almost entire destitution of resources
in Florida,  the  expenses that the  Government
has   had   to   incur   in the   conduct of ihe war
At   the    commencement   of   the   war,   and   for
some   time    thereafier,    the   Government   was
compelled to pay for the hire of a sieamboat, rer
day, from three to four hundred dolla-s—and, i be-
lieve, in many instances, defray the exp.-nses of ihe
boat—ani, I think, in some in~.!ance^ had to pay
as h'gh as  forty-five dollars  a cord for   wood.
Steamboats were not used for any  other purpose
than the transportation of troops and munitions of
war, and never for that purpose when it could be
avoided; still, such were the pressing necessities for
a speedy transportation  of  troops,  that such ex-
penses had to be incurred, and such means of con.
veyance adopted.    Provisions, forage,  and labor
of every description, bore an almost corresponding
price.    But  these, sir, are  only some of the diffi-
culties and  emharrassmen's with which  the Go-
vernment have had to contend.    I have more and
greater to speak of, but I must, first  respond to
some of ¡he rrore special charges made upon the
Administration,  both  in this and the ether branch
of th s Capitol.    Ernj hatic complaints are made of
the want of energy in the War Department and it
is now urged upon Congress to adopt some deci-
sive action to  bring 'his war  to a close, and that
some   more   efficient   means than   that   adopted
by  the Executive should have been adopted by
the last Ccngre-s.      Sir, I  will asree ihat Con-
gre«s, long before this, should have adopted " some
more efficient means."    Congress should have, in
compliance with the recommendation of the Presi-
dent in 1836, increased the number of the regular
army; but it was enoush that it was a measure of
the Administration to enlist the whole Opposition
against it.     But, sir, Congress did do something
"efficient," and so efficient as to thwart the whole
operations of ihe War Department; for it is well
known that the most active and efficient measures
hid been adopted and were in operation by the
War Department, and were in progress of execu-
tion in Florida when they were arrested by the ac-
tion oí Congress * If Congress had not interfered and
directed that renewed efforts to pacify that country,
and to reconcile the SeminoUs, should be made, the
mlitary operations would have  been prosecute I
with vigor, and in all probability the murdeisand
depredations which were Ihe fruits of that injudi-
cious  aiteropt at negotiation,   would  have   been
avoided, so that the bloodshed and treachery which
is so often charged  upon th* War Department,
were the  work, not of that Depaitment,  but the
work of Congress, or were occasioned  by the fact
that   the attention    of   those   who   make   these
charges were unfortunately  "directed'' to the war
in Florida. Sir,totheconstantcry of theOpposi'ion,
that this war has continued so long, and that it will
still continue, unless Congress give it their atten-
tion, I  would say  it will   still continue,   unless
Congress cease to give it their attention, and cease
to interfere with the military operauors by efforts
to make peace, which will ever prove abortive.  A
member of the Senate {Mr. Pre-ton]  says*   "It
was thought tba> the few strangling warriors would
yield at once to the mere demonstration of force
by the General Government.   Under this delusion
the late Administration terminated, and the present
Administration came in '   That was not so: when
the late Administration came in, the commanding
general believed the war to be over, and so inform-
ed the War Department.   The commanding gene-
ral had good reason to believe so, and was justifi-
able in so repjrtmg, as I  will show before I am
done.  But he was seon undeceived by oae of hose
signal acts of treachery which have distinguished the
conduct of the Indians in F'onda throughout the
whole progms of this war. Upon t-'e receipt of this
news, preparations upon an extensive scale were im-
mediately made to renew the contf st, with greater
means and energy than had been before adopted, or
ever exhibited in the warfare of this country.   In
¡rtf 1
lis Iff
ff
0
«IfP
f!'
■*«
ni ie
libs
0
lit
p
-ida
ti i
i*
ft
ft!,
ftfll
0
ftp 
IV
Kill
" When General Taylor was actively and successfully¡J"1"
gaged in scouring tlte country, and during the Indian  ¡torn
lhe>wamps and hammocks where they had concealed them-
selves, defeating, killing, and taking them prisoner , or,*f
persing them, wherever he found them, Congress arrested n 
operations by providing that peaceable measure  should t 
adopted by the War I>partmerit, and Gen. Macomb was di
rected to proceed to Florida to carry into effect the dirsctio  °>
Congress; all of which resulted in a complete failure.
