Mar. 1840.    ___________
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
Taea*ury Note Bill—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps,
short, nothing within the power and means of the
Executive, or the power of the War Department,
was left undone. And it is said " that the dilatory
progress of ihe war, not to say the disgrace of it,
was chiefly owing to the irnpotency of the head
of the War Department " Sir, such a charge can
only proceed from a shameful disregard of truth,
or an unpardonable ignorance of the lacts and his-
tory of the Florida war on the part of him who
makes it; and nothing but the obligations of order
and decorum that govern the conduct of one branch
of thslegislature towards the other, prevents me
from alluding, by name, to the individual who
nude it t
Now, Sir, what are the facts?   The officers who
conducted the operations in Florida during the
first and second campaigns, called, some for fif-
teen hundred,   others for three   thousand, men,
as a force that would be required to finish the
war; and General Scott thought it would require
five thousand men, and he made h;s short cam-
paign with  that number; but when  the   War
Department became aware that hostilities were to
be renewed, the "impotent" head of that Depart-
ment [Mr. Poinsett] thought it advisable to augment
that force to ten thousand men.   He never labored
under ihe delusion 'that the straggling warriors of
Florida were to be subdued by a mere demonstra-
tion of force."   He knew their strength, and was
aware of the difficulties presented by the peculiar
nature of the country, and of the climaie.   He at
once determined to increase the forces to be em-
ployed in Florida above all former estimates.   T«n
thousand men were sent into Florida, and after-
wards distributed by placing two thousand in posts,
and eight thousand were employed in scouring the
country; and no army in the world was ever better
supplied and subsisted.
Tríese were the the peculiar duties of "the head
of the War Department," and they were most ef-
leetually performed on his part. It is said that the
late President [General Jackson] would have
dragged, as with a net, the Territory of Florida, if
he had been been aware of the real state of affair-;.
General Jackson and all his measures, while he
was in offic-, were as bitterly and as recklessly
assailed, by the present Opposition, as Mr. Van
Buren and his measures now are; and the compli-
ment is only bestowed upon General Jackson for
base and selfish party purposes, that Mr. Van
Boren may be disgraced. The torce which Mr.
Poinsett put inio Florida was not sufficient to drag
a territory of more than forty-five thousand square
miles, "as with a net;" but it proved sufficient to
kill, captare, and send out ot the country, more
than three thousand of the enemy, and nearly all
the negroes, who were the most active and formi-
dable of their warriors.
The force sent to Florida that year by the Se-
cretary of War, consisted of regulars, Indian war-
riors from the Northwest, hunters and guidrs, and
the bravest of the brave from Missouri, Alabama,
Georgia, and Tennessee, mounted men, the courage,
activity, and chivalry of the country. They did
their doty, and beat the enemy whenever they met
them; and by the battle of Okochobee, totally changed
the character of the contest. Since that action, the
Indians have never made fight in masses. They
were beaten and dispersed, and never again assem-
bled in sufficient numbers to attack our troops.
They continued, however, their murderous assaults
upon onr defenceless settlements; and, broken up
into small parties, prowled over the country like
beasts of prey, killing women and children, and de-
stroying, by fire, hous s and barns—marking (heir
progress with devastatton and isolation. In this
«age of the con-est, and in this state of the oppos-
ing forces, it is demanded by gentlemen here, in
"powdered wigs," perfumed cologne, attd white
gloves, in the warm and secure halls of this Capi-
tol, with the comfortable per diem of eight dollars
that "the war should be prosecuted effectually, and
prosecuted at once;" and gentlemen here, who
would, like Cleon, flee at the appn ach of the toma-
hawk, promise plans by which the Florida war
may at "onre be terminated." Well, sir, while
gentlemen who are better qualified to stand by the
pf1feeSera """1 Mr'PDN0AN hflW "*** * Mr> p«wTO*i
toi'et, or whirl the belle in the giddy waliz, than to
stand by their country in danger, or perform the
duties of a soldier in the swamps and hammocks of
Florida, are preparing their plan, by which "an
end may at once be put to the war." We will ex-
amine what has been done, and the probable rea-
sons which induced the Secretary of War to change
the manner of conducting the war, if war it can
now be cal ed.
From the opinion I entertain of ihe Secretary of
War, and, I presume, the opinion generally enter-
tained of him, from ihe distinguished manner in
whch he has discharged every official duty im-
posed upon him, if he supposed the war could be
speedily terminated by bringing the whole force of
the Un ted States, he would have adopted that
course, (did he control the means.) But he ap-
pears, on the contrary, tebe convinced that to mul-
tiply the militia forces in that country, and to at-
tempt to "¿rag it as wit* a nei," would only result
in exhausting the Treasury, (a much wished for
event by some gentlemen here,) and entailing upon
the Government interminable claims for losses and
pensions. But it is saW, "we owe it to humanity
and civilization to close this war at once." None
are more sensible of that than are the Executive
and the head of the War Department; but they
do not "believe it is to be accomplished by covering
the country with troop*, unless every square mile
were occupied, which would require over forty-five
thousand troops. The Secretary of War believes
it to be a work of time, and that it is to be wrought
out by regulars, aided by a small militia force, and
by a body of men trained as regulars and hunters.
Every effort of the Executive and the head of the
War Department has been marked with well di-
rected judgment; and all the success that could be
expecte 1 has been accomplished, from the means
with which they had to act, the character of the
enemy with which they have had to contend, and
the lace of the countiy which is the theatre of
war. The Secretary of War, it will be seen, or-
dered General Taylor to direct all his efforts to pro-
tect the settlements in Middle Florida, and effec-
tually clear the Indians out of that portion of the
Territory, befora he proceeded to scour the country
south. General Taylor performed that duty; but
it is thought he proceeded south too toon,
and, on his march south, the Indians rose
up, or passed into his rear, and committed
murders and depredations there. He then re-
turned, districted the country, and planted pos's in
each district, and was successfully prosecuting his
operations, when Congress arrested them, as I have
before described. The interference of Congfess
produced treachery and bloodshed, and paralyzed
the movements of the army. After the interfe-
rence of Congress proved abortive, that gallant
army resumed, and is now engaged in hunting up
the murderers, and driving them across the Suwa-
nee, that the inhabitants of Middle Florida may
cultivate their fields in peace. The country w,ll
ihen again be districted, posts again be established,
and if the plan of the Secretary of War be adopted
by Congress, one thousand men, armed, equipped,
and drilled, for the express service, will be em-
ployed m scouring the swamps between the posts,
and securing the settlers from invasion. In this
manner, it is believed, the contest with these
savages may be brought to a close. If unneces-
sary millions have been spent in this war, it has
been done by attempting to carry out plans of
Cor.gress, both by its interference. with the War
Depariment, and by its failure to augment the
regular army on the recommendation ol the Execu-
tive, at a time when the Indians were strong in
their own belief, when they were concen-
trated in large bodies, and whan one or two
battles, wuh an efficient force, would have
decided the contest. But the policy of Con-
gress has been othsrwise, and the result as the Ex-
ecutive and the head of the War Department anti-
cipated. There is no good reason why vast and
expensive aim;es, to subdae what can now only
be cahed an insurrection, should be raised, to sub-
due and conquer a few wild wandering savages,
whom a single regiment could cut entirely off, in
an open field fight, but whom to destroy at once,
with their advantages °f swamps, hamocks, ever-
glades, and secret passes, in which they conceal
themselves by day, but are almost inaccessible
and impenetrable to civilized man, would require
a force equal in number to every square mile of
territory. The Secretary of War has discovered
the errors in the plans suggested oí bringing this
contest to a close, and has wisely concluded that i t
can be bet er and more securely effected by the
means he is nowemplo>ing than by any other.
Mr. Chairman, I am aware in the coming politi-
cal campaign, that every means will be used by
the Opposition to turn what they please to call the
failure of the Administration to terminate the
Florida war, to overthrow the powers that be; mis-
representation and falsehood will be bandied by
every Federal Whig, tapeseüer, coxcoaib.and petti-
fogger in the land; and every Bank pensioned shee
will teem with slander and abuse about the failur
to put down the Indians in Florida. This must b*
expected. It is perfectly in charac er with the Fe-
deral party. It is the kind of game they have
been playing ever since the commencement of Ihe
Governmeni, to the end that Democracy may be
prostrated, end its supporters put down, and Fede-
ralism established, and its advocates and support
ers put into office. In this the Federalists of this
country are not singular. It is the way with every
faction in every country which has a Republican
Governmeni. Nor does the object of the Federal
party here, differ from the enemies of human liber-
ty elsewhere; the same motives govern them all
over the world, and at all times. There is no
course that the Administration could have taken,
that would have saved it from the censure of a fac-
tion determined to be satisfied with nothing short
of the downfall of the Democratic party, and the
prostration of the Democratic ins'itutions of our
country. If the Administration had been success-
ful in cutting off every Seminole murderer in Flo-
rida, and exterminating ihat barbarous race, whose
whole course and conduct in this conflict have been
marked in blood and indiscriminate slaughter,
why, the Federal party would have instantly
turned into a humane and "peace" party, as
was the case in the last war with Great Britain,
and the vengeance of God would have been in-
voked to avenge the blood that this Administration
had brought upon this nation. If tbe Administta-
t on had been so successful as to have taken every
Seminole Indian by capture, without shedding the
blood of one, and transplanting them in the far ,
West, why, sir, this land would now be filled with '
Federal tears and Federal mourning, at the sacri-
legious crime of tearing ¿he poor Indians from their
native homes and their father's graves, as was the
case when the Georgia Indians were moved west
of the Mississippi, and many a fervent prayer
would have ascended from the sacred altar 10 re-
venge the injuries and violence done the poor Se-
minóles. But as it is, there will not be a Federal
parrot but will take its cue from the party orators
here, and will be heard to prattle, "the Florida war
was begun in extravagance, conducted in weakness, and
must end in disgrace." But, sir, the Executive and
the head of the War Department are not the only
officers whose reputations are to be blighted by the
sirocco breath of foul faction and polluted Fe-
deralism. The distinguished and gallant Je-
sup must be its victim also. Sir, if we
could see some of the popinjay Federal
dandies, who undertake to prescribe the "plans"
by which the Florida war is to be terminate,
enier the swamps of Florida, and face a group
of Seminóles, I think it would be a Cleon affair.
Ata time when ihe Athenians were hard pressed
by the enemy at home, with whom they were
then engaged, in addition to difficulties from
abroad, ihe domestic tranquillity of Greece was
disturbed by the ambition uf Cleon and Bra cede?,
who were both advocates of war, and, the former
never failed to do whatever could b  done to fo-
ment it. Cleon was desirous of war, because it
served to screen his base immoralities and corrupt
vices; Bracides, because it added new lustre to
his reputation, as no general was more successful
than he.                                               ,        ,
Cleon, like some of the demagogues of our day,
was constantly in the babu of denouncing the
officer  of state and of the army as impotent and
