2f6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26tH  CoNO'«"l8T Sem.
Treasury Note Bil—Mr. Duncan.
Mar. 1840.
H  ot Reps.
unfit for the duties of the stations they held.    All
the failures in battle were attributed by him to im-
becility and mismanagement-, charges thus mai'e
against the commanding  othceis, brought   upon
him the indignation and contempt of many reflect-
ing and valuable citizens, while it raised him in
the estimation of others less reflecting.   This dif-
ference    of   opinion    of   the    char cter    and
conduct of Cleon, produced two parties.    The
friends of  Cleon   presented   him  as   a   candi-
date for General, to take charge of the troops.
His party proved the strongest, and he wase'ected.
He  gained some credit   soon   after   by   taking
8phacteeria, more by accident than either conduct
or courage, which raised hm prodigi' usly in his
own estimation, and    made   him  msupportably.
haughty.   He was now to command the troops
Which were to oppose Brasidas, the Lacedemonian
General, who commanded the city of Amphipolis.
The time came when the city was to be attacked,
and now the man was to be tried who had found
the failure of «very battle that the Athf>neans had
lost, in the weakness or cowardice of her generals.
Cleon marched his troops near the city wall. Bra-
«ides neither showed himself nor did he even per-
mit one of his sentinels to be seen.   Cleon retired,
exulting that Bracides was afraid to give him bat-
tle.   The next day he marched his troops to the
very gates of Amphipolis, when suddenly Bracides,
with his troops, rushed upon the Athenean troops.
Cleon took flight at the fint approach of the enemy,
and in his flight a soldier shot a dart into his back.
He soon sunk an! expired.   Sir, I think if some of
oar modern Whig generals in buckram, were to go
to Florida, we would hear of Cleons wounded in the
back, if they should fail to have the heels of the Semi-
soles. Bat, sir, I will not a«k my readers to take my
word for the merits doe to Gen. Jesup and others that
I might name,for services in the Florida war. I have
too much confidence in the intelligence and re-
««arch of the American people to attempt naked
assertions upon their credulity, without either rea-
sen, history, er facts.   I know, sir, whole speeches
are made up here of naked assertions and shameless
-exaggeration, and spread far and wide for political
deception.   Such a coarse may suit that class of
politicians, one of whose fundamental principles is
-a denial of intelligence, stability, and virtue, to the
mass of the people.   Such efforts generally find
their reward in the contempt of the public, whom
it is intended to deceive.
I will, therefore, ask your a'tent ion while 1 spe-
cify some of the duties performed by some of the
commanding o<fi ers who have had charge, from
time to time, of the Florida war. This, I am
aware, I shall do very imperfectly, for I am with-
out the proper light npon the subject, there bemg
no regular history of the Florida war. But while
I know I shall fail to do justice to all, I w II try to
do injustice to none.
I have hinted at the cause of the Florida wsur. I
have stated that it broke out some time at the close
of 1835; or, this was about the time hostilities com-
menced.
General Clinch was ordered into service with a
small force of two or three hundred regular troops,
and four or five hundred voiunfeers. Major Dade
marched from Tampa Bay to join General Clinch
at Fort King with a small force, (something over
one hundred and twenty men,) and was attacked
by the Indians near the Wahoo swamp, defeated,
and he and his men massacred near where there is
sow a fort called after that officer. In December,
1836, General Clinch marched from Fort Drane to
attack the Indians with his regular forces and vo-
lunteers on the Withlacoochee river. At about thir-
ty-five miles from his post, he met the Indians
on crossing the river. The regular troops, and but
37 or 38 volunteer?, had crossed the river with
him. The time for which the volunteers had enlisted
to serve had expired, and they refused, except the
number I have stated. "With this force he fonght
the Indians and drove them; but, not being sus-
tained by the volunteers, he was forced to give
back and recross the river, and he returned to Fort
Dfiaae.
At the time the news of Major Dade's massacre
machad Mobile, where Major General Gaines then
jta, he with promptness repaired to New Orleans,
where he, wiih creditable zeal, organized a force of
regular and volunteer troops, amounting to atout
eleven hundred men, and procfeded, without de-
lay, to Ta npa Bay, where he arrived abott ihe
lOih of February, and, after making preparations
for 'he field, marched on the Fort King road to
Dade's battle ground, where he buried the merito-
rious drad win. the honors of war, fr  m which he
matched to Fort King. He drew a small supply
of subsistence from Port Drane; he also received a
small supply of ammunition, and immediately
marched to the Withlacoochee river, where he ar-
rived on the 27ih, and encountered, the same day,
the enemy across the river in a conflict of half an
hour, when the troops withdrew for the night, after
a loss of one killed and six or seven wounded.
The n xt morning the troops marched down the
river two or ihree miles, where it was supposed it
could be crossed. There the advance of the army
was fired upon, an action ensued, which lasted un-
til the middle of the day, in which Lieut. Izard was
mortally wounded. The troops kept their ground,
encamped that night, and threw up a
breastwork, and an express was despatched
to General Clinch, or the officer commanding at
Fort Drane. The next morning the enemy, in
number between tea and fifteen hundred men, ap-
peared and made an attack on three sides of ihe
camp, which was kept up for more than two hours,
wben he withdrew, leaving one of his number dead
on the field. Another despatch was sent to Fort
Drane. From this time until the 5th of March, the
enemy made several spirited attacks upon the
camp, in which several conflicts the loss on the
part of General Guinea's trotps were, six or seven
killed, and thirty-five or forty wounded.
On the night of the 5th March a proposition was
heard from the woods by the enemy, and the next
morning several Indians appeared at a distance
with a white flag. Adjutant Barrow of the vo-
lunteers was sent to confer with them. They in-
formed him that they did not wish to fight any
more, but they wanted General Gaines to go away;
upon which information General Gaines sent out
Captain Hitchcock, wiih two or three other officers,
to confer further with them. The Indians repeated
to him their desire for peace, and stated mat a great
many of their men had been killed. While this
conference was goin  on, the advance of General
Clinch's troops fired on the Indians who were in
the rear, when they, and the chief* who were in
coancil, fled and concealed themselves in the ham-
mucks, and were no more seen until near the mid-
dle of March. The command of General Gaines's
troops was turned over by him to General Clinch,
who fell back upon Fort Drane, as I have before
stated. This is a brief sketch of the part which
General Gaineálook in this war, in all of which he
and his troops sustained themselves in a manner cre-
ditable to the American arms; I mean so far as their
time and means would permit.
In January, 1836, General Scott was ordered to
Florida to take charge of the war. He was un-
limited as to means—[See Senate doe. 224, pages
91 and 199.J He arrived in Florida soon after his
order. He organized his force, and we find him
at Fort Drane about the 14th of March, 1836.
General Scott ordered one division of his army,
(his left wing,) by the way of the St. Johns, to
meet him on the Withlacoochee river, while h«
moved fiom Fort Drane, on the 26th of March,
with a force of 1,968 men, regulars and volunteers,
with eighteen days' provisions, as appears in Senate
doc. page 97, and by his own s'atement. He ar-
rived on the Withlacoochee on the morning of the
28th, and of course with subsistence for sixteen
days, having been on the march but two days. He
found the Indians embodied on ihe Withlacoochee;
he attacked them and drove them into the swamp,
but did not follow them more than four or five
miles. It is believed no Indians were killed, nor
were any prisoners taken. He then took up the
line of march for Tampa Bay, where he arrived
in eleven days from Fort Drane, and of course
with seven days' subsistence. The left wing of his
army, which had been sent to Volusia, on the St.
Johns, moved from thence to Palaklekaha, where,
according to General Scott's report, they found
ponies and cattle in abundance, but were obliged to
march to Tampa Bay for want of provisions.
Where were the cattle which were in abundance?
They arrived at Tampa Bay about the same time
that General Scott, wiih his troops, arrived.
I wish it temeinbered that Gen. Scott was on the
Withlacoochee, with sixieen days' provisions,
where the enemy was embodied, with his right
wing, consisting of nine'een hundred and sixty,
fight troops, about the same time that the left wing
of his army was at Palaklekaha, a distance of not
more than thirty-five or forty miles from where
Gen. Scott was on the Withlacoochee, and where
the enemy was embodied. I wish it remembered,
also, that there were abundance of cattle at Palak-
lekaha. Two days were sufficient to bring the
whole force of ihe two wings of Gen. Scott's army,
whkh would have amounted to near four thousand
regulars and volunteers, to the spot where the al-
most entire Indians were embodied, and wiih sub-
sistence (cattle) in abundance. These are facts
which I wish remembered, as I w<ll have to refer
to them again. But, sir, we now find both wings
of Gen. Scott's army at Tampa Bay, and with
seven days' provisions, and not one Indian killed
or taken prisoner, on the march that took them
there. Gen Scott sent a detachment from Tampa
Bay, under Gen. Smith, to Charlotte Harbor, south
of Tampa Bay; but he found no Indians there.
From this, Gen. Smith returned with his troops to
New Orleans, at the expiration of their terms.
Gen. Scott returned to St. Augustine, with his left,
division, by the way of Volusia. His right divi-
sion returned to Fort Drane on neatly the same
route by which it marched out; where, and wheo,
the volunteers were discharged, and sent home, as
also were the volunteer* of the left wing at St. Au-
gustine. Soon after Gen. Scott arrived at St. Au-
gustine, he had leave to quit Florida, or remain, as
he chose. He was directed, in case be should
leave Florida, to proceed to the Crek country, to
take charge of that war. He left Florida in May,
1836.
Thus ended General Scott's campaign in Flo-
rida, without killing half a dozen of Indians, and
without taking a single prisoner, and left the In-
dians scattered over the country as hostile and un-
tamed as when he found them, and with more con-
fidence in their own strength, although his army
was strong, his troops of the bravest character, and
he unlimited by the War Department in his acqui-
sition in means, with the Treasury open to his
service.
I have collec'ed most of the facts I have here
stated, from Senate/iocument No. 224, which is the
jonrnal and the wport of the court of inquiry held
at the city of Frederick, in Maryland—a court
established to inquire into the causes of the signal
failure of General Scott to bring the Florida war
to an end; and all the evidence furnishing ihese
facts is ex parte in its character, and furnished by
General Scott himself. At the proper time 1 shall
take some further notice of this gentleman and bis
conduct in the Creek war. At present I will leave him.
When General Scott left Florida, Governor
Call had orders from the War Department to take
charge of the Florida War. He took charge of
the war. His forces at that time consisted of some
regular troops and some volunteers; but what
number of each, or what was the whole, lam
unable to say; but I think not a very strong
force, owing to the sickliness of the season.
General Call spent the principal part of the sickly
season in the defence of the frcntiers. He killed
some of the enemy, and took some prisoners. In
November, 1836, it was understood that a part of
the enemy were embodied in the Wahoo swamp,
near the Witilacoochee. He marched from Fort
Draie to that point, and arrived with five days'
provisions. He attacked the enemy, bad three suc-
cessive battles, and defeated them in each—killed
a number of them, and dispersed the remainder.
His provisions being exhausted, and the enemy be-
ing dispersed, he marched to Volusia, where be
turned over the command to General Jesup, who
was ordered to receive it.
I will now leave Florida for a short time, to pay
my addresses to General Scott, who is figur-
ing in the Creek war, in Alabama, and on the west-
ern line of Georgia.
