Mar. 1840,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
«T7
S6th Coxo....~.l8T Sbm*
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Duncan.
H of Reps.
Í haw stated ihat General Scott had permission
to leave Florida, and repair to Alabama, and take
charge of the Creek war.   The War Department
bad advice of his intention to leave Florida, but
was also iBformed that his health was bad; and ap-
prehensive that he might not be ab!e to proceed to
Alabama, or to take charge of the war, ordered Gen.
Jcsap (who was then in  Washington  city)   to
proceed to Alabama and take charge of the Creek
war, should General Scott's health not permit him;
or, if otherwise, to art under hire.   In compliance
with this order, General Jesup proceeded to Alaba-
ma, and on bis way met General Scott at Augusta,
in Georgia, on the 30th of May, 1836, from which
they proceeded to Columbus.   General Scot di-
rected General Jesup to the western side of the
Creek country, in Alabama, or to the head quar-
ters of Governor Clay, to take charge ot the war in
that quarter.    I think  the Alabama troops  were
quartered at Tuskegee.    General Jesup's fin-t exer-
tioss were directed to a^sembl ng the Indians who
had not yet engaged with the ho tile party, but
were on a poise as to the side they should join.    In
th s effort General Jesup was successful.   He gain-
ed Opotheolo, the psinci pal and most able chi-f of
the Creek na'ion, and  secured other chiefs, and
about sixteen or seventeen hundred warriors    He
(ken gave notice of hi * intention to move into the
Indian country on the  12>h June, and on the eve-
ning before, which was on the 11th, the principal
hostile chief, Nek\meco, came in with about four
hundred   warriors,    and    surrenlered.     A   part
of   General    Scott's    order   to    General    Je-
snp  was,   afier  joining   Governor Clay's head
quarters, to move to Erwinton, Fouth of the Creek
country.    From Tuskegee to Erwinton there were
two roads; one that passed along the frontier of the
white set'lemems, the other passed near the hostile
camps.   General Jesup took the latter, and arrived
near the ho.-ti'e camp on  the night of the 17th,
having on his way captured  the chief who com-
manded it.   Ths same night all the  warncra of
Opoibeob joined  hm.    The next day he  moved
forward to the hostile camp with the  volunteers,
having previously sent  the Indian warriors by a
circuitous route on the other side of the camp, so
as to pi event the flight or escape of the Indan--.
He then went forward, and entered the camp, but
found it deserted; the Indians having fled a short
distance at his approach.   The Indian  warriors
made mate prisoners, and prevented a general dis-
perfi n.
At this moment General Jesup received orders
from General Scott to cease all hostile operations,
and to march his troops, and encamp near Foit
Mitchell, a distance of twenty-two or three miles.
General Jesup, unwilling to promptly disobey the
orders of his superior officer, and more unwiling
to permit the enemy to disperse, which he con
sidered almost in his grasp, surrendered for the
time his command to General Patterson, who
commanded the diviii.in of Alabama volunteers,
with orders to encamp the troops, and keep out
strong detachments to prevent the enemy from
escaping, and mounted his horse and repaired,with
all possible speed, to Fort Mitchell, to report to
General Scott the actual condition of the enemy,
and to obtain his permission to go on and end
the war, or to advice him (Scott) to tale the com-
mind him-elf and 6ni h n; but not finding General
Scott at Fort Mitchell, h  returned to the camp, de-
termined to en i the war. On his return to the
army, he M?nt nut some t f the hos ile < hiefs, whom
he bad capture 1, t> summr n the hostiles to surren-
der. They did *unemler; and, in place of.-ending
to General Seo t a notice of hiscompliarce with his
order to cease all hostile operations, &c. General
J*sup sent him the following communication:
Heab Quarters, June 23, 1836
. 8a: I hare the honor to enclose copies of reporta from Ma-
jor Ctneral Pditerson and Captain Parrot, by which yno. will
obserre that little remains to be done. Jim Henry is atill out
with about one hundred and fifty warriors; but my Indian war-
run, who have halted and await my orders at the Big Spring,
«y thejr can take him. I hare just receivedjnformauon that a
Seminole chief, with a number of his warriors, is with Henry;
the lDfoimaiion come  from a negre ta|ten last night.
I bam the honor to be, General,
Yolir obwhent servant,
TltOS. S. JESUP
w.   „       , -                     Mejor ÍW<ieraK'oninM0diOÍ.
Major Qeneral iooir,
Rommandiii| Southtro Army on the march.
See Senate document No. 224, 2d session 24th
Congress, page 474, for this cotnraun cat on and
others, showing the conclusion of the war by sur-
renders of the balance of the hostiles.
Here ended the Creek war, by the 'prompt and
efficient conduct of General Je>up, in contradiction
to the orders of General Scott. If the orders of
General Scott had not been opposed by General
Jesup, and at the precise time that they   ere, we
would have had another Florida business of it: the
Creek war, in all probability, would have remained
undetermined for years, and would have cost the
Government, like the Florida war, twenty or thirty
millions—perhaps more. Had General Jesup com-
plied with the order of General Scott, "ceased all
operation*, and marched his troops anl encamped
near Firt Mitchell," his volunteers would have
abandoned him, and returned to their he mes, curs-
ing him for a coward. The warriors whom he
had brought over would have dubbed him with
the title of squaw, and would hav> dispersed and
joined the hostiles. Yes, sir, all this would have
been the result of obedience to General Sroit's or-
ders. Bu , I repea , by the prompt, fearless and
efficient discharge ofhis duty,an end was put to ihe
war; more than a thousand prisoners were taken,
and in a few days four or five hundred more sur-
lendered, in all over fourteen hundred, who were,
with many others that subsequently came in by the
solicitations of the friendly chiefs, sent west of the
Mississippi; I think near twenty thousand in all. I
believe G?neral Jesnp had the superintendence of
their removal. Bat, notwithstanding this gal ant
and sncoes?ful conduct. General Scott severely cen-
sured General Jefup for disobeying his orders!!!
Gen ral Jesup's course met the entire approba-
tion of the Executive, and the War Department.
General Scott wss recalled from Alabama, owing,
I have little doubt, to ihe slowness of h s m ve-
ments and to a knowledge of the fact that General
Scott's ceabure of General Jesap was unmerited.
The Creek war being ended, General Jesup was or-
dered to proceed to Florida and take char.e of the
war. He pr >ceeded some time in Oc'ober, and to
which we will now return with our history.
I believe General Je4iip was dirte'ed to act with
Governor Call, or to take charge of the war in
chief, I do not know which I believe the latter.
He went through a portion of Florida with a small
de'acbment of mounted meo, to join Governor
Call; and on his way he surprised an Indian vil-
lage, and took forty-two prisoners of Indians and
negroes, from which he returned to Whhlacoochee,
and swept the swamps from ihe Fort King road to
Fort Clinch, near the mouth of the river, in which
he captured between eighty and a hunded of the
enemy. But finding there was no body of the ene-
my in that section, he detached a pait of his force,
under Col. Fos er and Major Nelson, of Georgia,
to the swamps south of the Wilhlacoochee, on the
Gulf of Mexico, and returned himself, with the re-
tminder of his force, to Fort Armstrong, on the
Fort King road. Soon after he pu-hed, with a
force of one thousand troops, consisting of regu-
lars, marin°s, Alabama volunteers, and Indian
warriors, into the centre of the peninsula, where, it
is*ail, a white man had never been before. On
his way he sent a detachment against the village
of Osuchee, which suip.i>ed the ch ef, O.-uchee,
killed him, his son, and two other chiefs, lock a
nnmber of prison< is, (seme of wb/ m escaped,) af-
ter which the detachment re'mn d and joined him.
He proce. ded wiih all his fo ce to thereigribir-
hood of the L^ke Tohopkalegee. Here the
advance of the army under Co'. Henderson, came
up with the enemy, attacked nem, Kineu some,
and took a number of prisoners. The result of
ths battle led to a conference with the Indian
chi fs, a d the conference to a Ht*peision of hosti-
Ini s. The chiefs agreed to, and did meet General
Jejup a Furt Dad , and entered into a c*pnu!a-
tion to leave the country and go west of ,he Missis-
sippi. Two or three oí the che fs were retained as
hest?gei for the fu'filment rf the cápi ulation.
S me ime Ief- re ths,General Je>up had oidtr¿d
a detachment of tr ops, under the command of
Colpne's Farm ng and Harney, with a Quantity of
provisions, up the St. Johns river to Lake Monroe,
where they established a post.   They were a tack-
ed by the Indians. The enemy, were repulsed, with
the loss of twenty or thirty killed. Soon after this
ba'tle, the Indians heard of the suspension of hosti-
lices, and a friendly intercourse was established.
All this led to a general suspension of hostilities
throughout the Territory, and a friendly intercourse
with all; and, by an agreement entered into at
Foit Dade, the chiefs being nearly all present, (and
those who were not, sent in their adhesion.) The
Indians were to assemble at Tampa Bay, in May,
1837, and, from there, start for the West. Here
was a complete and successful termination of
the Florida war, and it was accomplished in
as short a time as any Indian war since the first
settlement of our country.
In conformity wi.h the stipulations, the Indians
began to a^smble in the latter pan of May, and
beginning of June.at Tampa Bay and Fort Mellon,
to prepare for the West; but unfortunately the
measles broke out among those at Tampa Bay.
Safety to the army and humanity to the Indians
required that they should be kept apart—to the
armv, that ihe contag on might not be spread in it,
and humani y to the Indians, that they should be
kept at a place, and in a situation, with respect to
water and other advantages, to make the disease
less fatal. The disease raged with great violence,
and many whole families were swept off. The
news of the disease reached Foit Mellon, where a
larae body hid assembled, and many of then.
were furnished with provisions to take thenMo
Tampa Bay. It was a'so reported at Fort Mellon
that the smallpox raged among the Indians at
Tampa Bay. All this prevented those at Fort
Mellon, and many others, who had not yet acsem-
bled, from going to Tampa Bay. General JeMip
wa^ tht s prevented by circumstances over which
he had no contrrl, from carrying the stipulations of
the treaty into effect, by moving the Indians West,
at the time when it was intended. While prepara-
tions weie making to move the Indians from Fort
Mellon to Tampa Bay, they became jealous of
the intentio > of the army, and thought the object
was io throw them all into a botly where they
might, or would, be swept off by the measles and
sma lpox—took the alarm, broke up, and dispersed
in direct violation of the conditions of the capitu-
lation-
It has been asked, why did General Jesup not
retain and prevent the Indians from breaking up?
why did he not pursue and overtake them, when
broken up? The answer is, the efficiency of the ar-
my was greatly weakened by severe fatigue,' long
marches, and constant and severe exercise; and the .
hordes were completely broken down. General
Je«up did all that was in his power, and all that
was left for him to do at that time. He caled
some fresh troops of Florida volunteers into action,
the efficient troops which he had, and two volun-
teer companies from Georgia. They were put to
the setvice of scouting and defending the frontier.
This duty was continued un'il the following No-
vember, which may be regarded as the commence-
ment of the n«xt campaign.
The number of Indians killed or taken in the
campaign which I have briefly described, by Gene-
ra1 Jesup, was over five hundred. I will not now
detain the Hou«e with specific details of the mili-
tary operations of General Jesup, for the balance '
of the ume he had chaige of the Florida war,
but re er you to Senate d cument No. 507, se-
cond session of the Twenty fifth Congress, by which
it will be f een he continued to d fend the frontier, to
scour the country far and wide, as his means and
force wou'd enable him, and to surprise, k II, and
rapture the enemy when and wherever he could
find them; by which, al«o, it will be found that frot 
the time he commenced operations, or took charge
of the war in F orida, which was in December,
1836, until he withdrew in May, 1838, tfcettHWoef
of Indians and negroes taken, with ^¿^t" J*i^/™í"
re idered, amounted to near twe¿ty.fi?0|p:WBdred 
over seven hund-ed of whom were warriors. Their
villages were all destroyed—their |attle,horses, ana
other stock, with nacl U their other P^"*'
weie taken or de*troyed-tbe hammock* and
swamp* were ever* where P«^'«J    ""J .**
to4h*fowner  estremity of Florida.   Ttw «nail,
