sra
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong «««Ist Ses«.
TVeasvry Note Bill—Mr. Duncan.
Mar. 1840.
H ot Reps.
hands of the enemy wh ch were left, were dispersed
over that extensive region, with Utile left but their
rifles. Such was the condition of the war, and
such the situation of the enemy, when Gen. Jesup
sartendered the command.
Mr. Chairman, I have traced np ih * principal
operations of the Florida War. I have done so
for the purpose of presenting to the  country the
Srominent facts, in order that it may be known
ow far the Administration or the Executive, and
the War Department, are chargeable with any mis-
fortunes or delay attending the prosecution of that
war I have also done so for the purpose of plac-
ing the officers, who were the immed ate active
operators in the war, in a proper ma iner before
the public, to the end that justice may be awarded
to whom justice is due.
In relation to the Executive and the War De-
partment no blame can or will be attached, if blame
there is at all, and such «ill be the decision of an
intelligent and generous community. The Execu-
tive was thwarted m his efforts to augment the te-
gular army; hence the War Department was driven
to the necessity of carrying on the war with volun-
teer militia, a mode both expensive and uncertain.
Vast expense and delay has be^n the consequence,
but the Executive could do no better. He was
compelled to use such means as Congress famished
him, and for these alone is he responsible. All re-
sponsibility and all consequences must rest with
Congress for the insufficiency of these means. Con-
gress is also responsible for all ihe unhappy conse-
quences that resulted from the unt'mely interference
to which I have alluded,for the purposes of pacifica-
tion, and by wh ch the whole operations of the War
Department were checked and thrown into confu-
sion. I repeat that not huí? that was in 'he power
of the Executive and the War Dípartm nt to do,
was left undone. The best judgment h?s b en ex-
ercised, and the be t direction has been given to
that judgment. I repeat, whatever failu es or de-
lay are cannee'ed with the Florida war, s > far as
thj Executive is concerned, resulted from the want
ot m re efficient means. I a'so repeat, that what-
ever inefficiency may seem to attach to the Execu-
tive, has its origin in the want of proper means.
Lastly, 1 repeat, whatever failures or delay are con-
nected with the Florida war, have iheir fsunda ion
in the want of more efficient means, and are
chargeable to Congress and the charatter of the
country. But, sir, speaking with reference to ihe
means with which the Executive has been fur-
nished, I ask to pre=ent some oiher cau*rs which
have operated unfavorably, and most s > continue
to operate, to a speedy termination of that war. I
have given a description of the face of Florida.
The advantages which the swamps, hammocks,
everglades, and morass, give the savages,
render all civilized modes of warfare inef-
fectual. The swamps are almo*t impenetrable
except to ihe savage , who krow their secret passe*.
The hammocks and everglades foim a covenig
and hiding places for the savages, which render
them impervious to the keenest eye and~tbe most
vigilant search. The first warnng the pursuer has
of the enemy is the crack of hi* rifle, or the effect
of his shot. lam told that one,of the officers of
the Florida senr ce has been shot at (anl wounded
often) fourteen times in varuus attack , anrt never
saw a hostile Indian, soch is the security the ene-
my enjoy by the natural advantages which the
face of Florida gives them. Add to this iha ex-
tent or spread of territory which covers over forty
thousand square'm'les, over wh ch the enemy are
dispersed in small banrtiitis. Add to these the fact
that, though Florida is destitute of resources for
a civilized army.it abounds in natural productions,
suited to an Indian. The wild potato, the co^nti
roof, and the cabbage tree, are the ^vtbs'i ut?s for
bread. The fifh, with wh ch the lakes and ponds
abound, the gofer, the turkey, and the deer, whirh
they know where to find, and how to kill, are their
meat. It is entirely impossible, and must ever re-
main so, to starve them out, for nature feeds them
without an effort, scarcely, on their part; *nd as to
clothing, the climate renders that not only unneces-
sary, but, for three-fourths of the year, actually
burdensome.   A  warrior  disdains to encumber
himself with garments beyond his buckskin leg-
gins, moccasins, and breech-clout.
The Florida contest is really no longer a war of
fighting; it is one of hunting, finding, and catching—
ihe difficulties of which may be imagined, but can
only be realized by those who have been practical
observers of its operations. Nothing is more un-
fair and unjust than to compare this war with other
iiid.an wars known to our country; for there is, in
truth, scarcely one feature that will bear compari-
son. To drive the Indians from our frontier, to
push them fanner into the wilderness, and enlarge
our bounJarie«, has been the common policy, as
the history of our frontier Indian wars shows: but
such is not the oharao er of the war in Florida.
The Indians would long since have abandoned that
country, if they had had a place of retreat, as the
Indians of the West have alwavs had. But, sur-
rounded as they are, by the Gulf of Mexico on
one side, by the Atlantic ocean on another, and the
inhabited States on ihe third, they are unable to re-
cede from the country, even under the severest pres-
sure. They are therefore reduced to the necessity of
hiding 'hemselves in the numerous covers with
which the country abounds, and we to that of seek-
ing for them. The rperation of finding, running
down, and catching, some twelve or fifteen hundred
wi d Indians, scattered over an area of forty thou-
sand square miles of wilderness, covered with inac-
cessible retreats and fastnesses, will be found to be
fraught with difficulty s wh'ch have never been met
with in this country nor surpas ed in any other.
If the Indians would concentra'e and fight a de-
c S've battle, there m perhaps not a regiment in Flo-
rida that could not close the war forever by defeat-
ing them. But such is not their policy. They
know their strength consists in dispersion, not in
concentration By scattering in small squads over
that immense territory, they see that we can neither
fiad mr effectually assail them. They, in fact, be-
come intangible to military operations. Hence the
war may linger through many years, with the up-
most effort that may be used to terminate it, and it
is the op nion of many most experienced in the pro-
gress of this war, that time is to be an important
element in bringing it to a close, and that no better
plan can be deviled for that purpose ihan that now
in operation by the War Department, and carrying
out the provisions of the occupation bill now before
the House.
Mr Chairman, while I am willing that unprin-
cipled demagogues and brainless coxcombs, shall
exercise full sway m their denunciations of the
Administration for what they please to call the
fai'ure of the Florida war, I will ask the attention
of an honest and intelligent communiiy, while I
present for their consideration some other wars in
other countries, but answering the description of
this, with the excep'iou of the single change of
names; in the progress and conduct ef which they
will fin! amp e reasons for the delays of this—rea-
sons which, with them, will be found amply sufft-
c ent to secure the Administration from diS2 race,
or even imputation, and the American arms from
dishonor.
D <rius, King of Persia, to satisfy an unbounded
ambition, and extend his conquests, declared war
aeainst the Scythian*. H s brother, Artabines, in
whom he had sreat confidence, remonstrated
against this exppd tion, and offered, among other
stiong objections, that the Scythians were separated
from Persia bv an immense distance of"sea and
land; and besid°s, the Sc} thians were a peeip e
that dwelt in wild and uncultivated deserts, having
ne ther towns nor houces; no fixed settlements or
p'aces of habitation. * * * As !h°v are accus-
tomed to rermn e from place to place, if they should
think i roper to fly before you, not out of fear
or cowardice, for they are a very courageous
and warlike people, but only with a design to ha-
rass and ruin your army by continued and fati-
guir g marches; whit will become of you in such an
uncultivated and barren country, where you wi'l
neitherfind forage for your horses nor provisions for
your men?   • • * Darius heard h'S brother
in kindness, but no admoni'ion was sufficient to
drive him frcm his mad purpose. He commenced
his march from Susa at the head of seven hundred
thousand trocps.   His fleet consisted of six hun
JH
dred ships, which were chiefly managed by Ioni-
ans, and other Grecian nations that dwelt upon the
sea coast of As a Minor and the Hellespont. He
marched his army towards the Thraci-in Bospho-
rus, which he parsed upon a bridge of boat*; af-
ter which, having ma'te himself master of all
Thrace, he came to the Danube, where he had or-
dered his fleet to meet him. As soon as the Scythi-
ans were informed of the march of Darius against
ihern, knowing their want of strength to meet him,
they applied to the neignboung people to join in
their defence, some oí whom gave in, but most of
whom preferred neutral ground; but of this refusal
they soon had reason to repent.
The first wise precauiion taken by the Scy-
thians was, to secure iheir wives aad children,
by sending them to the most northern pans of the
country, and with them all their herds and flocks,
reserving nothing for themselves but that which
they could carry with them, and what was neces-
sary fe r the support of the army. Another precau-
tion which they observed was, to fill up all the
wells, stop up all their springs, and consume all the
forage in those pan« through which the Persian ar-
my was to pa*s The policy then practised was
to march a short distance before Danus's army,
and lead them first into the countries of those who
refused to join them against the Persians, to the
end that their tabstance might be consumed by sj
vast an army. This being accomplished, they led
the enemy into barren regions, wh( re there was
neither wa'er, provisions, nor fora?e—retreatm 
but a short distance before, and leading him into
such places as suited them best. Whenever the
Persians manifested a disposition to attack them,
they would quicken their march and lead them still
farther into famine and thirst. At last Darius see-
ing no hope* of bringing the enemy to battle, and
growing weary of long and fruitless matches, sent
a herald to the king of the Scythian*, whose name
was Indirihyrsus, with tnis message in h s name:
"Prince of the Scythians, wherefore dost ihou con-
tinually fly before me? Why dost thou not stop
somewhere or other, either to give me battle if thou
feelest thyself able to encounter me, or if thou
thinkest tliyself too weak to acknowledge thy
master by presenting him with earth and water?"*
To this communication Indirthyrsus replied by
the same herald: ' If I fly before thee, Pnnre of
the Persians, it is not because I fear thee. What
I do now is no more ihan what I am used to do in time
ofpeac . We Scythians have neither cities nor lands
to defend. If thou hast a m nd to force us to come
to an engagement, come and attack the tombs cf
our fathers, and thou shall find what manner of
men we are. As to the title of master which thou
assumes!, keep it for other nations than the
Scythians. For my part, I acknowledge no other
master than the great Jup ter, one of my own an-
cestors, and the goddess Vesta." Darius was great-
ly enraged at what be regarded so inso-
lent an answer, and pushed further and faster
m his mad career. Just when his army was reduc-
ed to the last extremity, there came a herald
to Darius from the Scythian prince with a
b rd, a mouse, a frog, and five arrows, for a
present. The king desired to know the meaning
of tho«e gift*. The herald answered tha' his or-
ders were only to deliver them, and noth'na more;
and that it was left for the Persian king to find out
the meamner. Darius concluded, at fust, that tbe
Scyhtans thereby consented to deliver up the
earth and water to him which, he supposed, were
represented by the mouse and frog, as a'so iheir
cavalry, whose swiftness was repiesented by the
bird, together with their own persons and arms, re-
presented by the arrows. But one oí bis lords
expounded the enigma in a different manner. I
kn iw, says he to the Persians, that, unless you can
fly away in the air like birds, or hide yourselves in
the earth like mice, or swim in the water like frogs,
you shall in no wise avoid the arrows ol the Scy-
thians.
The whole Persian army had now nothing be-
fore their eyrs but tu'n and famm . Instant re-
treat was all the salvation ftr the remainder of those
* The ancient method of acknowledging submiauon and ser-
vitude to ihe conqueror.
