1
Man_Jt840.______________
26th Cons.......1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ara
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
who survived the fam'ne an i fatigue of the Scy-
thian campaign. Darius returned to Sosa With
aarce haif his army. Such w as the fate of the Sey-
thiia wan sucn was tne I 1'ure °f oae OI"tne most
powerful nations on the face of the earth, with
one of the most powerful armies that ever marched
against an enemy, headed by a prince flu-ted with
rictory, and adorned with fre*h laurels by the con-
quest of As-yria and the destruction of Babylon, in
an attempt to subdue a small nation of half civi-
lized wanderers; and such were the advantages
which the face of the country and the extent of
teiriiory gave the Scythians—advantages in no re-
spect superior to those enjoj ed by the Seminóles in
Florida for their defence. -The Scythians defeated
the Persian army by wandering, and not fighting.
The Seminole Indians have it in their power to
ling prevent a termination of the Florida war by
wandering, and not fighting, by the same advan-
tages that the Scythians enjoyed.
la the ye>r 1655 Jamaica was conquered by the
Engliali,and the Spaniards driven out S>on after t^e
English laws were establ shed .n the island, the in-
habitants found themselves beset and plundered by
some wandering lobbirs who issued from the
mountains of Oaiendon, si'uated in th* inte-
rior of the Hand. These robbers were called
maroons, and principally consisted of negroes
ud their descendants, who, from time
to time, had escaped from their mas-
ters, and taken refuge in the mountains, or
cockpits. The mountains of Clarendon are lofty,
remarkably broken, consisting of rock', covered, in
some parts, with dense shrubbery, With narrow,
deep defiles, leading to openings more expanded,
ailed cockpits, and other hiding places, fit for se-
care" Tetreats for robbers and plunderers. The
earliest a'tention of the colonial Government was
jiven to the security of fie plan'ers and herdsmen
fnrn the daily depiedations of the mar.>on«i. Gar-
risons and posts were established, tivops were sta
toned at suitable point* to defend the frontier, but
ill to but little eff*ct. Robberies, depredations on
property, and murders, by the maroons, was a por-
tion of every day's news. The attention of the
colonia' Government was called and d rected more
earnestly and urgently to the safely of the frontier
and the reduction oí the maroons; but a'I still to
little effect—murders and depredations were but
little abated—the work of surprise, plunder, ard
dea>h. still went on. The attt ntion of the British
Parliament was called lo the maroon war; but
tear after year passed away and the maroon War
s'tll raged. "Ins British arms were called into ac-
tive requisition, troop-* of rangers were sent to
scour the mountain passes, defile-!, and cockpits,
but no maroons could be leen, with a few excep-
tions. Fresh trails would be made on purpose to
lead the rangers into narrow defiles, when, on a
sudden, the maroons would fire on them from
their hiding places and cut off who'e companies,
without any other discovery than the report of the
tnnsket, the smoke from its muzzle, and the death
which ensued. Sir, 1 have not time to detail th'S
war aod its bloody consequences. It is sufficient
for my purpo e to siy that perhaps there never
were over one thousand maroon warriors at any
one time, and yet the war lasted near two thirds of
aceatory, wi'h but little intermission of confirmed
P'ace. It is «sufficient to say that such were the
advantages that the inaccessible (inaccesible to
any thing but a maroon) passes, narrow defiles,
cockpits, and hdmg paces that the Clarendon
mountains afforded the maroons, that a handful of
them (comparatively speskiig) were able to keep
at bay the power of the British arms. Wnile the
Briish lion was prowling unscared over vast
and wide-spread India, shak ng the earth and mak-
ing all creation tremble at his ioar, he was com-,
ptlíed lo shake his mine and sreak, in dismay and
defeat, from the presence of a handful of maroons.
Snch were the natural advantagfs which the
maroons enjoyed, owing to the face of their coun-
try. Bu<, great as those a Ivantages were, the Se-
minóles enjoy these that are equal for their mode
of wartare, and against which the Ameri an arms
have had to contend. The maroon war was finally
ctosed in 1796, not beforejnor wou'd i- jet rave been
clwed, bat for the importation of the Spanish chas-
sjurs and bloodhounds, about which I will have to
say some'biog before I take my seat.
In that part of Asia, or, perhaps, more prrperly,
in As a in Russia, are  what are called the Circas-
sian mountains, which are inhabi'ed by a people
called after the mountains, or perhaps the moun'a ns
are called after them.    Be that as it may, the peo-
ple are called Circassians.   The Government of
Russia has owned that province of Asia for per-
haps a centnry or m >re.    Her arms and her laws
have been extended to the subjection of all the
tribes and nations  within   the limits of that pro-
vince, except the Circassians, who have never been
conquered to this day.    Perhars the description
given of  the Clarendon mountains   of  Jamaca
may,   to   some   extent,   serve   for   a  descrip-
tions   of   the   Circassian   mountains,   and   the
advantages of the one are similar to the. other,
for national  defence.   The Circassians, I believ<
rank with what is called half civilized people,
think their concentrated miliary force has, at no
time, exceeded one or two thousand warriors.  The
arms of Russia have been directed against fiat peo-
ple, with bui little intermission, from the  time she
has owned the province.    Campaign after cam-
pagn has marched, with ten, fiiteen, and upwards
of twenty thousand troops, a^ brave as ever boTe
arms, or followed the Russ an standard; and as
ofien as they have been  marched, so often have
they failed, or been defeated.    'I he Russian eagle,
that hovers over, untcated, one half of the conti-
nent of inhabited Europe, has been compelled to
flee from the p esence of a handful of Circassians,
in defeat and dismay.   Ten thousand of Russia'*
bravest veterans have fallen in a single campaign
befo'e  them.   They are uncenquertd and uncon-
querable, so long as their scat ered, small c'ans, re-
main united for the common defence of the r coun-
try, and so long as the mountains stand, and ihe
passes, fastnesses, and defiles remain; for these are
the natural advantages by  which they are enabled
to contend against the almrst unlimited powers of
a Russian Autocra1; and yet the natural ad"antag?s
that ihe Circassian mountains afford that people in
the safety of their retreat*,  dots not ejtcel the ad-
vantages the everglades, swamps, and hammocks
secure to ihe Seminóles in Florida.
The failures of the Persian army to defeat Scy-
thia; the procrastination tor more than half a cen-
tury of the maroon war, and the total failure of a'l
Russia toconquer Circassia, can a'l be accounted for
by the hnnesr, m'eliieent and candid wor'd, and ytt
this Administration mnst be the subj* ct of Federal
derision, ndicide and denunciat on, because the Flo
rida war has not been 'erminatedin the space of two
or three years, with all the insurmountable difficul-
ties that have iheir foundation in nature to contend
with—limited means a destitution in resources at
the theatre of war, and the untimely and embana-s-
ing interposition of Congress—all of which have
conspired to make this war as complicated and a*
difficult of termination as those to which I have
refer; ed.
Sir, the spirit of persecution and deiiagrguism
which has hunted 'he Executive and the War Depart-
ment, as well as some of the officers, through ih'S
wa , is worthy of, and in character with, the reckU s¡
demagogues of other times and other (Sovtrnments,
who are always prepared to saenáce the highe-t in-
terest of tl eir country at the shrin* of their ambi-
t on. It is worthy of the insratitude and mhumani-
ly of an Apries, when the Egypiians determined to
shake off the yoke that bound ihem down in slavish
bondage tu Aprits (Pharao Hophrah) they made
Amasis their king, Apries in exasperation sent Pa-
terbenis, one of hi* highest officers and principal
lord of his court, to put Amasis under arrest and bring
him before him. Paterbenis, faithful to his prince,
d.d all he could to execute his mastei'sorder; but,
for want of power and means, failed in his commi-«sicn.
The base and brutal Apties, as a reward for his
fidelity, treated him in a most isnomimous and in-
human manner, V>y cutting off his nose and ears,
for failing to do ihat which he hid neither the
power nor the means to do.
It is in charac er with the base conduct and
tr<.a<-hery of H; nno, and ihe vile faction he headed
in Carthaje, whrse whole efforts were directed to
the destruction of the immortal Hannibal, whose
success in arms, and whose popularity with his
people, were a constant source of mortification and
disappointment to him. The management of the
Government of Carthage, and the command of her
armies, were Han no's ambition; and, like the Fede-
ral demagogues of this day in our country, he
preferred to see the prond name of Carthage wither,
her arms dishonored, and her people sunk in infamy
and sold in slavery, rather than fail of his object;
and such aspiring demagogues have been the mis-
fortune and curse of every Government and peo-
ple, at all times. So say.s the history of the world
and of man. But I will not now lake time to
illustrate by examples The American people will
be able to appreciate the motives that gve birth to
the base cha ges against the Administration in re-
ference to the Florida war.
Mr. Chairman, I ask your attention, while I ex-
pose the inconsistency involved in the cry against
the Administration for what is called the "mis-
management of the Florida war." The Executive
and the War Department hare been charged
with impotency in its management, and General
J"Mip has been brsusht in for a large share of
Federal abuse and Federal eensore. Of the Ad-
ministration I will say nothing more, farther
than repeat, that all that has been dons, has keen
done wlh the best directed ju igment.
But of General Jesup I must say something, by
way of con'ia<t to the services of General Scott.
General Jesup served, I think, hardly a fort-
night in the Creek war, and by his efficient means,
and in violation of the orders, and contrary to the
plans, of General Scott, be succeeded in terminat-
ing the war, and completed the arrangements by
which near twenty thousand Indians were movei
west of the Mississippi. For this, as I have be-
fore remarked, he received General Scott's censure.
General Jesup served in Florida, and had
charge of the war a little over seventeen months,
in which tim« he killed and captured of the enemy
near twenty-four hundred, defended the frontier,
established posts and fortifications, destroyed the
enemy's poperty, burnt their towns, swept the
swamps and hammocks, and dispersed the small
remainder, and )et General Jesup has been abused
and denounced in no measured terms by the Fede-
ral sh°ets of the day; he has been identified with
the Wdr Department in the charge of "impotescy"
and the "disgrace of the Florida war."
General Ssott performed a campaign in Florida
with near five thousand troops (the bravest of the
brave) well supplied, in which he may have killed,
it is said, five or six of Ihe enemy,  nd yet, strange
to say, G neral Scott, by the same men and ihe
stme party, is lauded for hts bravery and his trans-
cendent military services, and is held up as quali-
fied for and entit'ed lo the first cffice in the gift ef
the American people. Yes, sir, he was really a
prominent candidate for the Presidency at ihe late
Hartford Convention. (Pardon me, sir, I should
have said Harnsburg. I am so in the habit of call-
ing things by their proper names, that I sometimes
violate the rules of courtesy. The fact that it was
composed of men of the same party, governed by me
same principles,and whose object was to effect about
the same purposes as that of the Hartford conven-
tion, led me into the nominal mistake. I will be
more careful hereafter ) Yes, sir, General Scott,
who, of all the officers that had charge of the
Florida war, with greater means anl greater ad-
vantagts, did ihe least, (except one whom I shall
name shortly,) is held up by the Opposit.on as
worthy and qual fied for the Presidency!
Sir, if there is any disgrace attached to the con-
duct of the Florida war, or any failure in its ma-
nagement, that disgrace, and that failure, must at-
tach to General Scott. If there was any thing left
undone, which could or onght to have been done,
in the Florida war, it was the failure of General
Seoit to fight, surround, and conquer the enemy,
when they were embodied on the Withlacoochee
river. At no tijie, during the war, were there so
great a number of the enemy embodied as on the
Withlacocchee, when General Scott met them.
At no lime were there so many efficient troops so
cont.guous, nor were the troops at   * "™ "™
^uppW as were the tro-ps at that .me under
Gen. Scótt. He bad nineteen hundred an i sixty own
