*8Q
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar. 1840.
26th Cono.... 1st Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
in his right wing, immediately under his command,
wiih   sixteen   days.' provisions.     His  left wing
was at Palaklakaha, consisting of the same number
of men, and the same quantity of provisions, and
 ith cattle in abundance, and only one or two days'
march from where the Indans were embodied.
Then was the time for a decisive battle, if such a
battle could have been fought with the Indians at
any time.    If there was ever a time when an end
could have been put 1o th* Florida war t>y efficient
and piompt action, that was the time.  If «ver there
were circumstances which put it in the power of
any commander in Florida to put, at one blow, an
end to the war, these   were   the circumstances.
What was the course of General Scott?   It was, as
I have remarked, to attack the Indians, who, wi'h-
out the loss of one  man, retreated to the swamps.
General Scott f >l!owf d them but four or five miles,
and then took np the line of march for Tampa Bay,
where he arrived in eleven days from Fort Drane,
with seven days' provisions, and where he met the
left wing of his army, with a like quantity of pro-
visions.     Sir, one is natnrally led to inquire why
- Gen. Scott did not send to Palaklekaha for ths left
wing of his army, secure a few of theenemy's cattle
which were in such abundance, attack the ene-
my with his whole force, and at a blow put an end
to the war.   It has been confidently said by some
officers of experience, that if General Gaines or
Genera^ Jesup had ccmmanded at thit time at
Withlacoochee, with the forces and provisions that
General Sco:t had, an end would have been put
to the war by a decisive battle.   It is said that it
was a great error in General Scott to permit the In-
dians to disperse.   They never have since been so
embodied, nor will they ever again be so embodied.
I repeat, that there and then w*s commi ted the fa-
tal error, if any error can be justly charged in the
conduct of the Florida war.   I charge this upon
General Scott, and I defy his frien Is to get him
from under the charge, unless they will maintain that
owing to the character and face of the countiy and
the advantages of the swamps hammocks, and fast-
nesses the enemy enjoyed, it was impossible for
him to find and defeat them; and such seems to be
the ease, and the apology upon which the conrt of
inquiry decided, as set forth in Senate document
224, evidence furnished thecourtby Gen. Scott him-
self. I say, if the friends ef Gen. Scott ass gn these as
good reasons why he so signally failed in the Flo-
rida war, then must they cease their clamor against
the Administration, and their charges of inefficien-
cy and "imprteney" upon the head of th* War De-
partment for not doing that which they most ac-
knowledge was impossible to be done, or they must
consent   to  let their   would-be   Pies dent  Hand
charged wiih more inefficiency and greater error,
than any one  officer connected with the Florida
war—no one having it so much in his power to end
the war as General Scott.
I was amused to hear the gentleman from Sjuth
Carolina, [Mr. Thompson,] when on this subject,
(Florida war.)   He asks:
"What has yet heen accomplished by the Second dragoons,
a regiment raised specially for that service? Nothing, that I
hive ever heard of. I would not object to raising one or mere
regiment!", if 1 knew who were to command them; if I could
kave-any assurance that the command would be given t  Gen.
Floyd of Georgia, or some other such man. I, however, know
none such. Bat it will be given to no such man, but to some
palace pet or noisy politician. These appointments have been,
and will be made, not with a view to military, hut to poli-
cal battles; not with a view to obtaining victories over the In-
dians, but votes at elections."
He knows no such man as Gen. Floyd ! Ought
the gentleman not to have embraced Gen. Scott
and the hero of Tippecanoe?
But, sir, who is Geo. Floyd? I may expose my ig-
norance by asking this question. If so, I hope I will
find an apology in the iact that some of us in the
West have no books to read but the Bible and old
Tom Dil worth's   Spelling-book.    I do not make
the inquiry with any disrespect to the gentleman,
whoseems to stand so h gh in the estimation of
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. T.] Gen.
Floyd may have slain his thousands ana tens of
tbousans.    He may have fattened many a broad
field with bis slain.    Hs may have planted stand-
ards of liberty in every quarter of the globe.   Vic-
tory may perch upon his banner, and conqueror
may be his name, but it so happens I know little
or nothing of him. 1 believe he had the charge of
a campaign in Florida. I think he was sent to do
what Gen. Nelson had failed to do. And what did
they both do? Senate document No. 507 informs us
that Gan. Nelson, wiih a brigade of Georgia vo-
lunteers, was directed to secure the frontier of Mid-
dle Florida and the western part of East Florida.
His operations covered the country west of the Fori
King road, from the south point of the Annuttale-
ga swamp to the Withlacoochee, and to the head
of that iiver; thence to the Suwanee, and thence
west of that river, and sauth of the Tallahassee
road to Stein Hatc're, the whole distance on the
coa-t being a continued swamp, extending from
the Gulf of Mexico to the interior, from ten to
thirty miles, and along ihe Gulf a hundred and
fifty miles. He had several skirmishes with the
enemy, and the result of his operations, so far as
they have been reponed, are six Indians killed,
and fourteen prisoners. That is something. General
Nelson is a Democrat, I am told.
Now, sir, I have told you I did not know what
General Floyd has done, but I can tell you what
he did not do. Afer General Nelson left Florida,
General Floyd went on a campaign. His opera-
tions were confined to the southern part of Georgia,
and northern line of Florida, near the Okeefenoke
swamp. His force I think consisted of near one
thousand Georgia volunteers and United Siates
regular troops. His campaign continued proba-
bly three months. He returned without killing one
Indian or taking a prisoner. This is what he did j
not do. I believe General Floyd is a modern  Whig!
"The King of France, with (buy thousand men,
Marched up a hill, and then marched down again."
But my friend from South Carolina knows no
such man as General Fleyd. He does not like
pets of the white palace, and noi.-y politicians; 1
suppose he prefers bank pets. I take it for granted,
if the charge of the Florida war could be put into
the hands ef the pets of the bank matbled palace
and the friends of rotten corporations; the rag tag
shinplaster currency and incorporated swindlers,
they m ght make as much "noise" as they pleased
in politics. Such generals would be to the gentle-
man's liking and the liking of his party, whether
they would obtain "victories over the Indians" or
not, so that they would "obtain votes at the polls."
But, sir, I wish it to be understood that I neither
make the inquiry nor the expose which I have, in
relation to General Floyd, through any disrespect
te that gentleman, or to diminish any claims to
chivalry, bravery, or good conduct, he may have
achit ved by his services in the Florida war. On
the contrary, it is my desire that he shall enjoy all
the credit to which his services entitle him. But
when his friends are so in.prudent as to extol him,
at the expense, and to the exclusion, of all others
who toiltd with him in the scenes of Florida, a
plain, unvarnished statement of facts is not only
admissible, but demanded, in justice to those who
may be affected thereby. And I am willing to ad-
mit that General Floyd did all that could have been
done under the circumstances in which he served.
I have stated that the abused General Jesup
ended tbe Creek war in ten or fifteen days, and
sent near twenty thousand Indians west of the
IVississippi; and that he killed, captured, and took
prisoners, near twenty-four hundred of the enemy,
in less than seventeen mon hs, during which he
had charge of the Florida war. How will these
compare with other Indian campaigns and Indian
wars.
General Wayne's Indian campaign commenced
in 1792, and ended in 1795. Wayne's last battle
was fought on the 20'h August, 1794. The In-
dians did not come in for a year after, and, when
all told, they did not amount to more than eleven
hundred.
General G. R. Clark, who was considered one
of our most successful Indian hunters, never took
more than one hundred and fifty Indians; nor did
he kill more than twice that number. Generals
Scott (not the would-be President) and Wilkinson
ki led and captured ninety-nine Indians in their
campaign, for which they received the thanks of
General Washington.
In the surprise at Tippecanoe it is supposed fifty
Indiana may have been killed with tbe offset of
onehundied  and eighty of our troops killed and
wounded.
So Gen. Jesup, in a seventeen months' campaign,
killed and captured.and made prisoner, more Indians
than all killed and taken by Wayne, Clark, Scott,
Wilkinson, and Tippecanoe to boot; and yet the
Administration, the War Department, and General
Jesup, are charged with disgrace for failures in the
Florida war, and General Winfield Scott must be
made President of tbe United States. Monstrous!!!
anJ Tippecanoe more monstrous !!!!
Mr. Chairman, I regiet that my time and the
limits of a speech will not permit me to take the
notice I should of many of the gallant officers who
served in the fatiguing and harassing war of Flo-
rida. If I had time and opportunity, it would
give me great pleasure to annex the services of the
gallant Smith, Taylor, Hernandes, Cawlfield,
Harny, Fanning, and others, to their names.
I have a word to say, by way of conclusion, to
the charge made upon the War Department of
importing bloodhounds to hunt down the Seminole
Indians.
This charge is made by the humane Federalists.
Humanity is one of the noblest qualities of the
human heart, but it sometimes requires the exer-
cise of sound judgment, to give it a proper direc-
rection; and unfeigned humanity is generally
blended with some regard for truth and vera-
city. We had a very humane party duiing
our last war with Great Britain, in which we were
struggling to maintain our liberty and indeperv
dence. That was the Federal party who, for the
tmp, styled themseles the peace party, and the fame
paity whose eyes are now pumpnz, and whose
hearts are bleeding, at the thought of employing
bloodhounds to hunt the poer Seminóles. At the
same time that the whole line of our frontier coun-
try was bleeding at every pore; when the heavens
were illuminaied by night wiih the torch of the
savage and the conflagration of the frontier cabirs
along the whole northern boundary; when the crack
of the deadly rifle was not permitted to die on the ear;
when the red scalping knife and tomahawk were
never permitted to dry; and when the work of death
was the daily and nightly occupation of the enemy,
many a loud and fervent prayer was sent to Heaven
by the peace party to revenge, on our countrymen,
the blood of an unholy and unjust war. And
now, when the first intelligence of the morning is
the indiscriminate slaughter of one or m >re fami-
lies, the burnirg of one or more houses, by the
Seminóles, we hear the same party petitioning men
and Heaven against employing bloodhounds to
trace the enemy to their lurking pieces and inac-
cessible retreats—for no other use is intended by
them.
The Florida Indians are perhaps the most
treacherous and inhuman savages that ever de-
graded the human name, or defo med the image of
man. They are composed of every material that
is vile and abominable in human nature and de-
graded in principle.
In the. course of this war, they have not
only placed themselves without the pale of
mercy and humanity, by their inhuman and inds-
crimnate barbarity, but they have made them-
selves, by the laws of nations and of war, subjects
of the gallows, by ihe violations of the capitula-
tion solemnly entered into at Fort Dade, which I
have before deS3ribed; and this is ihe kind of enemy
against which bloodhounds must not be used, for
the purpose of ferreting out their places of conceal-
ment.
Every wind from Florida bears upon its wings
the sickening intelligence of some innocent family
falling a sacrifice to these plundering murderers.
Tbe intelligence of ihe patents of some family ha-
ving their throats cut, their cabin fired, and their
children's brains dashed out upon its burning logs,
and the mangled bodies leit to fatten the wolf, and
feed the raven. But all this can be heard wim
cold indiferente, while the pitiful vhine is spread
upon a 'housand petitions against employing blood-
hounds, to hunt the poor Seminóles. Sir, it is all
th"! slang of the demagogue, and the cant of the hy-
pocrite. I have in my possession an extract from
Governor Raid's message to the Florida Legisla-
ture, which gives a. descriptian of one of those ber-
