«84
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1840.
S6th Cong*"*1st. Sbss.
New Jersey Question—Mr. JRives.
H. of Reps.
thought, at the time alluded to, we had a right to
do. He said: "1 say there is no contest he e, and
never can be one; the case has been finally and
conclusively settled in the State of New Jersey.
This is a question to which the principle of re* ju-
dicata strictly applies; and there is no appeal from
it, simply because there is no law on earth applica-
ble to the subject, either State or Federal."
Sir, there is a law in that State which required
that an election should be held on the 9ih and
10¡h days of October, 1838; and the election was
acoordinely held. Theie is a law which requires
that township officers, after having received the
votes, shall make a return of them to the county
cierto; and they did so. There is a law which
makts it t! • duty of the county clerks to sum up
all the votes returned to him liom the township
officers, and send a general list of them to thr Go-
vernor of the State; and all except two did their
doty. Theie is a law which reqi ires the Governor
to count the vote?, and to commission the persons
who may have received the greatest number of
votes from the whole State, and the failure of the
Governor to Co so has produced a 'Vontested elec-
tion;" and, as the persons who received a majority
of votes coa Id not get their commissi*   in New
Jersey, they have corns to the constitutional judges
to ret their «eats. Tne difference between my col-
leagae's position and my own is this: He thinks,
or rather once thought, we could not go legally be-
hind the returns. I think it proper that we should
go back tc the elections, and that we are bound to {
judge of the "elections," that we may determine
on the correctness of the "returns;" for, to say "that
there is no appeal from the decision of th  Go-
vernor, is the doctrine ihat the "Kn g can Ho no
wrong." In opposition to that, tee say "election"
firtt, and then the "return."
It gives me pleasure, Mr. Speaker, to allude to
another remark made by my colleague, and give it
my most hearty concurrence. After speaking of
the situation of New Jersey, relative to her elec-
tion laws, he says:
But K happens, in this case, that there is no law upon the
aubieci. of sonicated elections, or, at least, was not at the time
of this election, nor was there one for six months after; and
that surely cannot apply to this case, it being, in the first place,
an e* pott facto law.
With a knowledge of this fact, I did not consi-
der evidence that had ben taken under it
legal evidenc , nor dd I think the committee
had power to order the taking of any under it.
Consequently, I was opposed to «-end.ng the parlies
home f- r the purpose, and then v«ted against that
measure. But the majority of the committee
overrnled us, and not only authorized that evidence
should be taken under that law, but directed them
to take it nnder a law which was about to be pass-
ed by the Legislature to enable their brother Whigs
to get into the ballot boxes.
Mr. Speaker, I must nonce one other portion of
the speech of the member from Connecticut, that
yon may see the kind of scraps of which it is made.
Recollect, the greater part o* it was against any ac-
tion unt 1 the monih of Apri'; and n wou'd be moft
temblé treatment to give any one seats from New
Jersey at this time. But before he closed, he
said:
Upon what principle did our fathers fight out the bailies of
the Revolution! They would not suffer tlieir money to be taken
from them by an Assembly in which they were not represented
I insist that if y u attempt to take a dollar oft e money of the
people of New Jersey, they have a right to resist the imposition
upon the fields of Trenion, Princeton, and Monmouth
Now, sir, what is the amount of th"? You must
not give New Jersey her representation before the
month of April next; and, in the mean time, if you
appropriate any money, the p ople ot that State
"have a right to resist the imposi'ion upon the
f.elds of Trenton, Princeton, and Monmouti." Th s
is truly subl me; to see ths Guvernor with h's
min-Tity at "Trenton, Piinceton, and Monmouth,"
fightug ns here, would indeed be a fanciful scene
I presume, however, the gentleman had p-epared a
speech which he expected t > deliver befoie the sub-
jtct was refirred to th  committee; and that id«>a
having occuired to hm then as excellent, he con-
cluded to-day it ought not to be lost, and has made
a flouiiih of it, without regard to its applica-
bility.
Mr, Speaker, I have heretofore adverted to the
Governor of Virginia; and I now propose to take
further notice of him. The gentleman from Con-
neN.cut, to prove the revolutionary character of
our conduct, has quoted from Governor Camp-
bell's message to the Legislature of Virginia, and
says it is unanswerable. Now, as he was of the
"armed neutral party," and has also joined the Har-
rison party in the clamor against the light of the
people to eleet their Representatives, and looks on
tne act of the Hou^e of Representative* as an im-
proper interference with the "sovereignty" of the
' brood seal," I beg leave to comment on the para-
graph alluded to. It is this, if I am not mis-
taken:
Should the practice obtain in the Congress of the United
States, of which this case is believed to be the first example, of
one portion of the members returned according to the laws of
their State, undertaking to exclude other portions of members
having similar and legal authentications of their membership
from a participation in the organization of the flouse and the
election of us officers, and from holding their seats until an ad-
versaiy claim to them shall have been regularly adjudicated, it
is obvious io perceive Ihat such a course Aa? no limit or p  m-
ciple but force, and must ultimately result in revolu wnary
violence
This shows you the difficulties into which men
get themselves by obtruding iheir opinions on the
public without knowing any thing about the sub-
jects they discuss. I say this, because the Gover-
nor either knows nothing of the merits of this con-
troversy, or he has cosnmit ed the offence of wilful
misrepresentation. Not knowing the facts, he had
to assume what was fals  to get to hia conclusion in
■ ipport of Goverpor Pennington. He expressfs
himself m such a way as to create the bt 1 ef that
persons "were legally returned," when, in fact, they
were illegally returned. If persons had been return-
ed wlio were electel, there would cot have been
any contest before Ct ngress. The returns, howev-
er, not being founde 1 on the elrcion, but against
the election, they are consider* d by ns as nullities,
and on that point only the en'ire merits of the
qne tion are to turn. It is true, th s is the first cas? of
the kind that has occurred in this country wh^-re the
people of a State have been deprived of their repre-
sentation by their own Governor— nd as our Go-
vernor very jtisily <-ai s, "it is obvious to perceive tha'
SHch a course has no ¿imti or principle but force, and
must ultimately result in revolutionary violence."
The sin we have committed is of a most " damn-
ing character," anl is calcn'ated to produce "re-
volution." And, pray, what terrible act is it that
is to produce the revolu'ion spoken of? I must
tell you, Mr. Speaker Five Wh'gs were sent
here to aid in electing a Speaker, a Clerk, and a
Printer, and we would not let them do it. Because
we were prompt in the discharge of our duty, and
would not suffer them to to do any mischief, we are
denounced by the Whig party in every portion of
the Union. Till now, returns have not been lookel
en as very essential—election was the thin  to con-
trol; bu^ncw we are told that even the sovereignty
of a State is in the return—election isno'hing. Mr-
Speaker, let me ask you how you got into ths
Home as a member? Was it by virtue of ihe
return of our Governor, or by virtue of your elec-
tion by the people? I, perhaps, know more on
that subject than you are aware of; for I went to
the Clerk's office the other day to see whether the
"broad seal" o' Virginia had been sent on, that it
might be known that we were members of Con-
gress; but it was not there, and we are in a peri-
lous situation, in consequence of it; as we ?re rest-
ing on authority that is rerud aied as being too old
fashioned for the times. I hi'e to alarm any one,
sir, but it is my duty to Ml you, that you, mysell,
and e ghteen of our colleagues, are here with no
better evidence of rights to seats than Vro m,
Dickerson, and Co have, ftr we are resting not
on " broad seals," but on the poll books.
Before I dismiss our Governor, I desire to put a
few casps to htm to show the alarming tendency of
his doctrine. In Novemler next the great contest
close*, and the commission! rs of the respective
counti'S, who may have been app anted by his
Excellency in each of ihe counties of ihe State, to
conduct the elec ion of " electois of President and
Vice President," shall, " withm two days aft^r the
polls shall be closed, ascitain ihe number of -votes
given for each pe son, who shall be voted for as
an elector."
This is the law, and they comply with it.
The said commissioners shall, within three da>s after closing
the polls as aforesaid, make out three copies of a return in a
certain form
Tnat is ihe law, and they do it.
Which returns shall be sealed and subscribed by the commis-
sioners holding the election One of the said returns shall bs
delivered to some pet son among the twenty three, who shall
have therein the greatest number of votes, anoiher shall be
filed in the clerk's office of the county electing, and the third
shall be transmitted to the Governor and Council, all of which
shall be done within fifteen days after the same shall be made
out, and the Governor and Council shall proceed to ascertain
from the said returns the twentj -three persons having the
greatest number of votes throughout the State, and to advertise
their names in such gazettes as they may think proper
I wi h it borne in mind, " Ihat advertising their
names in such gazettes as they may think proper,"
is "the broad seal," and that fie commissioners
do "transmit to the Governor and Council" the
returns. Now let me ask the Governor wnether
he would count all the vote*, or would he presume
some of them illegal, and refuse to count them?
Would he, if i iformfd by a political fnend, that
some "aliens" had voted in certain c<unties,
reject all the voles polled in tho>e counties.?
Would he, if certain comm ssioners were to
refuse to -«end to him tha returns from certain
counties, and ths clerks of those count es were
to send ^to him certified copies of the returns
made to their offices, showing the number of
votes cast therein, refu e to count them?
Would he, if the commissioners of certain coun-
ties refused to send the returns, and the clerks of
those counties sent to him, properly authen'icated,
copies of the re urns made to diem by such com-
missioners, and that some one of the twenty-three
persons who had received therein the grea.est num-
ber of votes also presented his returns, showing
they agreed with those sent by the clerks, refuse
to count them? Would he, if there were a law
requiring him "to send express," in the event of
the failure of any of said commissioners to return
all the votes cast in their counuus, refuse to do so?
Would he, because he desires the election of a
Federalist in preference to a Republican, issue h s
proclamation declarng Federalists elected, when
he knew that Republicans had received "ihe great-
est numb r of vo es throughout the State?" If he
answers in one way, he ought to support the Go-
vernor of New Jersey; but if he answers the other
way, he ought to sustain u*. For I can assure oar
Governor, that if the Chief Executive officer of
Virginia were to comm s-.ion reisons to vote for
Harrison, when the people had cat sea Van Buren
men, hisrishtto use the great seal would not pro-
tect him. He would have to make his "iraejfet
very tftin" to avoid ihe wrath of a people "who
know their rights, and knowing, dare maintain
them " They claim to possess the sovereignty of
that State; and this new fashioned doctrine; in a
lepresentative Government, that the "Xing can d 
no irrenir," will make them ' buckle on iheir ar-
mor, and rise in the majesty of their strengih,."
Sir, if a Governor be permitted, with impunity,
to do as Governor PenBington has done m the Con-
gressional election, the same game will be played
in Presidential elections. And it so happens that,
in the State of New Jersey, the election of Electors
of Presidtnt and Vice President takes p'ace at the
times and places of holding elections of mem-
bers of Congress, every fourth year. In No-
vember next, they come on at the same times
and places, with the >ame office s to conduct the
elections, and the same voters to <h >ose "Electors,"
m the one caie, and members of Congress, in the
other.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let me call your attention
more ptrticularly to the dangers of this doctrine,
advocated by the Federal party, than I have hereto-
fore done.
The party of which I speak, you know, sustain
the Governor, and thereby say he is not bound to
c mnt all the votes in a Congressional election.
We deny tfeat, and claim to be "judges of the elec-
tions, r-turni, and qualifications" of us members.
In this caie, there ib a tribunal to which the peop'e
can and have appealed, to rcover their right to re-
presentation in ihis body. If you sanction the
d ic'rine íri'this case, you roa^t sanction it in the
elect on of Electors of President and Vice Presi-
dent; for votes that ought not to be counted for
Congressmen ought ooi to be counted lor the Pre-
sident.
