2&8                                                 APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                Mar. 1840.
** -     -nn\"   ji'r^ i    i*   "    •'         -----        -* —*■      ,.ii-i,.i.   .^ ..,■■-■>■.....— .       .     m   — i ■..........■   _ —.. ...i . ■     ■.....■■—.—■ ■             ■                        i   ■ .-. .i.        ■         ....        -.--._,        ■ i-_ ..i,- ,                                                                                                                                                                    -nit-     i, .
26th Cono.... 1st Sbss                                             Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Pickens.                             _______________        H. of jtefrs;
and civilized nations. But, s r, I wou'd emphati-
cally ask, what is th* history of Indian treaties,
from the first discovery of this continent, up to the
present day? When and where have we required
that more than a majority of the Ind an chiefs
should sign a treaty in open council, to give it vali-
dity When have we required higher evidence
than that of General Dearborn and Mr. Gillett, in
respect to the number, character, and authenticity
of Indian chiefship to a treaty?
The history and origin of Indian treaty-making
on this continent, down to the present time, I con-
sider one of the unpleasant, if not painful recollec-
tions to the high minded American citizen. In the
early settlement of the couatry, our ancestors
effected by artifice, in the form of Indian treaties,
what they were unable to effect by force. This
treaty-making system, originating in ph\sical
weakness, pretended and appeared to do nothing in
acquiring the Indian lands, except by obtaining the
voluntary assent of the Indians. Yes, sir, even
under the government of that good man, William
Penn, we find the same statute which male it
a crime for any citizen vo furnish an Indian with
intoxicating drink of any kind, nevertheless allowed
the commissioners of the Government to adminis^
let a prudent portion of intoxicating drink to In*
dians with whom they wished to form a treaty.
But, sir, 1 forbear to enter further upon the his o-
ry of Indian treaties. I cannot allow myself to
dwell upon a subject so little calculated to elevate
the character of my country.                                   I
But this much I will say: if any gentleman will ;
take the rime and labor which I have done to in ves- :
tigate this subject, he will rise from the task, fully
satisfied that the treaty now under consideration is
one amongst the mo^t fair and honorable transac-
tions of the kind which is to be found on our re-
corded history as a people. I assei t, sir, that malny
Indian trea'ies have been obtained, ratified, and car-
ried into effect, that were never signed by a majo-
rity of the chiefs of the nation in open council. In-
deed, sir, with all my dislike to Indian treaties,
while I am satisfied that most of them have carried
on their face, forms which the fact1: of the case did
not justify, vet I am not disposed, at this staze of
our progress in treating with Indians, to insist upon
requirements which are new and extraordinary,
for the express purpose of defeaiing the o^e?.ts of
this particular treaty, admitted to be exceedingly
advantageous to all the parties in interest, and es-
pecially so to the Indian peop'e themselves, whose
goo 1 we wish to promote by this measure. Sir, I
hive rever hadany agency in negotiating an In lian
treaty. I have more than once had ihe offer
of such commissions, bat have uniformly declined
the service. The official st&t ons whicü I have
irom time to time occupied have frequently made
it my duty to have much to do with the execution
of these treaties. This connection with Indiai
treaties has caused me to reflect upon and investi-
gate the subject in all its bearing*; and the result
produced upon my mind is a settled conviction that
the several S ate Governments, a? well as the Fe-
d ral Government, have greatly erred in cont.nuing
the treaty-making policy introduced by our colo-
nial ancestor*, from necessity, after the Indian
tribes in our respective limits and jurisdictions have
become a conquered and subdued people, wholly
dep*ndent upon the will and power of those who
have supplanted them. We have not, sir, even
the poor plea of the tyrant—necessity—for still ad-
hering to the farcical forms of diplomacy originat-
ing iu causes and under circumstances which no
longer exist. We should long since have supplied
the place of Indian keaties by wise, liberal, and
judie ous legislat on.
Whflne/er the Indians, in point of fact, become
subject to the control, legislation, and jurisdiction
of the Federal, or any one oí the State Govern-
ments, it becomes the duty of such Government to
exercise its rights direc ly. We should legis'ate for
these unfortunate remnants in the same spirit of
kindness and liberaliy that we would lor the help-
less and destitute minor or orphan, whose only
friend was the Government of the helpless and
destitute.
These, sjr, are my views of policy and duty, in
relation to' these remnant tribes; and upon thess
views I have acted myself, as far as circumstances
would permit.
I wou'd now ask, Mr. President, how can any
Senator expect to put the negotiations of an Indian
treaty upon the principles and footing of similar
transactions with civilia-d, enlightened foreign na-
tion:-? Are net the<e Indians in a state of depend-
ence and pupiiage? Are wé not in the place
of parents and guardians to the ml Shall
we, theü, overlOuk all the facts connect-
ed with the subject under consideration?
Shall we imagine a sta'e of things which we know
has no existence? Has not all the difficulty in re-
gard to the treaty been produced by interested
whi'e men? Is not every charge of fraud, urged
against this treaty, refuted by the (act of the liberal
and benificent terms of this instrument? A charge
of fraud cannot be well sustained against a transac-
tion which confers great benefi s, and no injury
whatever.
But, sir, we have no complaints that this treaty
is to injure the Indians, or any one else. Indeed it
is impossible they can sustain injury from this trea-
ty, because if they do not choose to emigrate under
its provisions, they have the right secured to them
to r«main where they are during life; and yet the
ingenuity of interested white men has produced the
impression upon the minds of many, for whom I
entertain great respect, in and out of this Senate,
that there is something very alarming and dan-
gerous in the provisions of this treaty. The whole
alarm and difficulty of those who are opposed to ¡
this treatyj seems to be based upon the doubt
whether it has fairly received the assent of a ma-
jority of the Seneca chiefs; and the great impor-
tance which they attach to these chiefs making
their marks to ihe treaty, in what is called  pen
council These are the questions which perp'ex
the judicial miids of statesmen and Senators. Un-
der the exising circumstances of these poor perish-
ing Indians, and with a view to the history of these
Indian treaties, whirh I have heretofore adver'ed
to, I am entirely relieved from all these perplexities.
Moreover, sir, I have no rfouW in regard to the
assent of a majority of the chiefs having been
fairly obtained to this treaty; and the Senate of the
United States settled that question on the 11th of
June, 1838, when they ratified the treaty. It was,
the action of theS-nate upon the treaty, as a treaty,
and as the act of the Ser,eca nation. The Senate must
have viewed the insttum nt as executed by. a
majority of ihe nation, or else have confidered that
a majority was not necessary for the purpose of
making a valid treaty. Is it to be believed, that
the President of the United S'ates, Governor Eve-
rett, General Dearborn, Mr. Gillet, and various
0 her public functionaries, who have had an agen-
cy in bringing this instrument before the Senate for
confirmation, wonld have said and done all that
we find in the documents which we hnve in
our hands, it they had entertained opinions ad-
verse to the fairness and validity of this instru-
ment? No, sir; this treaty would never have
reached this Senate if the;-e public functionaries
had considered it Irab'e 'o the formidable objec-
tions «h ch we have heard advanced on this floor.
Mr. Presilent, much as I have said upon this
sabject, I have greatly abridged what I would have
sad, but for the confidence I feel in the ability and
disposition of the distinguished Senators from New
York, to supply all my omissions.
Allow me, sir, once more, in conclusion of my
remarks, to advert to the bearing of this question,
now pending before the Senate, on the destiny
and lasting interest of this remnant of Ihe abori-
ginal r*ce. To me, sir, these people are a pecu-
liar and interesting portion of the human family.
1   consider them human beings; I wish to treat
them as such. I cannot in my conscience assign
them a place, halt way between man and beast.
I wish to save them from destruction. Hence I
urge their speedy removal from the degraded and
demoralizing situation in which we now find them.
Their unrestrained intercourse with the licentious
portion of the populous cities aid villaaes, by which
they are surrounded, is prejudicial alike to the In-
dian and white population. Deprived as these
people are, of the right to acquire and hold pro-
perty in severalty, they ar« destitute of those incen-,
tives to industry and frugality, which anirnate and
reward every white man in our happy country.
Being debarred all political rights, they natu-
rally consider themselves a proscribed and de-
based race, and the individual exceptions of
wonh and intelligence amongst them, while
it serves to evince their capability for im-
provement under more favorable circumstances,
and to become a civilized people, will not, how;
ever, shield lheni from becoming a natiofJ of vaga-
bonds and paupets in their present abodes. Dur-
ing forty years they have made no perceptible ad-
vance in the arts of civilzed life, so that it is im-
possible longer to resist the conviction that their
preservation from increasing misery and ultimate
extinction; can alone be found in their separation
fiora the white population, arid by conferring on
them th.>se rights and privileges which, in all coun-
tries where ihey are enjoyed, have been gradually
found to lead to civilization, and to prepare the
way for the introduction of Christianity, with all its
happy influences. It is a striking and most impor-
tant fac , which I have observed amongst various
Indian tribe-, sir.es I have advocated the emigra-
tion of the Indians to the West, that the most ed««
cated, th« most moral and intelligent, who are in-
clined to embrace Christianity, the most sober,
industrious, and thriving, are generally the
fr.ends and advocates of emigration, and it is re-
sisted most by ambitious and selfish leaders, who
carry in their train the most ignorant and de-
graded, and those who are least capable of appre-
ciating the advantages of civilization.
In connection with the best interest of these In-
dians, Mr. President, let us also bear in mind the
imporant interest which the State of New York
has in this question. True, New York is already
great and prosperous; the empire State of the Con-
federacy; but, sir; may we not all rejoice at her
increasing strength and prosperity; are we not all
Americans? Do we not all belong to the saiae
Conf< deracy of sove eign States? Are we not
members of the same great family? Shall we,
then, hesitate in being coworkers together, to pro-
mote the interest «f each, of all the States? And
still further, sir, shall we forget that the great inte-
rest of all the States requires that the coun.ry now
occupied by these unfortunate Indians should be
densely populated by good white citizens. The
geographical situation of the territory in question
requires its sett'ement, in ad of the defence and
s rength of our common country. But, ¡-ir, I will
not detain the Senate longer upon the subject of this
treaty. I trust what I have said will induce those
who have not already done so, to investigate this
subject. And, sir, overwhelming as the oppoMtion
to this treaty has appeared to be, yet if it can have
a full and fair investigation by this enlightened Se-
nate, 1 still indulge the-hope that impressions, not
well ba'ed, may give&ay to the force ef evidence
and reflection, and ttfat this treaty may yet receive
the expression of th#Senate's approbation.
REMARirJ OF MR. FISHER,
PnWNORT£I CAROLINA.
'presen'attves, March 19, 1840—On
suir g five millions of Treasury
Mr. FlSHTpR said: I do not rise for the purpose
of delivering* set speech. It is now too late in the
debate, andin the day, to do this, were i even so
disposed. jNor shall I follow the examp'e of some
who have preceded me, and discourse about every
thing except the one before us. I have no party
criminations or recriminations to make; 1 leave this
to those who take more delight in such wa fare than
I do. Above all, I shall not make a campaign
against the Símno'es—for these campaigns, whe-
ther fought in this House or in Florida, as yet, have
yielded no laurels. What 1.propose to do is, to
make a few remarks on the subject before us, and
in the shortest manner possible, give the outlines of
the reasons why 1 shall vote lor this bid. I pro-
ceed at once to do this.
However much gentlemen have differed on other
matters, there is one point on which they all agree;
that the public Tr< usury is without money. Owing to
causes not .necessary here to be stated, it is now
