táá¿Í840.
APPENDIX TO TBE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£89
26th Cokg."«Ist Sess.
Treaty with the New York Indians—Mr. Sevier.
Senate.
well understood that the revenue will not be suffi-
cent to meet the expenditures of the present year;
and we are called on to supply the deficiency;
otherwise the Government, for the want of means,
must stop, as would a steam engine for the want
of the jropslling power. The question then pre-
sents itself, how is this to be done?
There is one way (said Mr. F.) above all others,
by which I wish 10 see the revenue of the Govern-
ment made equal to the expenditures; and that is,
by reducing the expenditures down to the revenue.
That this can be done at a single dash, I doubt;
but the work should now be commenced, and
steadily followed  up until fully accomplished.   I
will go as far as any member in this House to
bring about so desirable a reform; and though we
may not be able to complete it at the present ses-
sion, still if all sides would talk less, and act more,
much might be done.   But for two large items,
we might at once equalize the revenue, and the
expenditures; I mean the Florida  war and the
pension list.   When thee two items shall be cut
off, or the one wholy cut off, and the other reduced,
the income of the Government will be more than
enough to meet all legitimate demands.   It.is to
be hoped that the Florida war will not last forever;
but wi!l.end with the present year, and with it will
end an annual expenditure of several millions of
dollars.   As to the pension list, it is every year
becoming less and less.   The relics of the patriotic
generation of '76 are rapidly disappearing from
among us to take their places in another world,
and if we pass no new pension acts, this source
of expense in a few years will ceasa to exist.
Still there is a deficiency for the present year, and
if we cannot at this session bring the expenditures
down to the income, it nece.sanly follows that we
must in some way bring the income up to expen-
ditures; that is, we mmt in some way or other sup-
ply the means to carry on the Government. Th«
question returns, how is th s to be done ?
In casting about, I see but four way3 in which
we can possibly raise the money.
The first s, by increasing the impost duties; thai
is, by raising the taxes on the people.
The tecend is, by making a regular loan; that is,
by beginning a new national debt.
The third is by calling en the States to pay
back the surplus fund deposited with them.
The fourth, and last is, by the issue of Treasury
notes, bearing a reasonable in.erest; the plan pro-
posed by the bill now before us.
There is no o her way than these, except direct
and excise taxe^; and now let us see which of these
plans is least objectionable.
First, as to increasing the impost duties, the
tariff. Shall we now now set to work, and raise
tie impost duties; thas is, imprse new burdens on
the country? Shall we revive the old tariff con  st
again; a contest whxh came so near breaking up
this Government? I know that there are many
here, and elsewhere, for doing so, but I hope no one
seriously contemplates a movement of this kind
at present. I doubt very much whether the manu-
facturers themselves would desire to see 'his ex-
pe.iment now attempted
They hardly wish to see this question sj soon
again opened, and their interests thrown adrift
on the wide ocean of s rile and uncertainty. Be-
sides, they b:gin to understand that high protec-
tive duties are tot what they had supposed
them to be; they begin to see that incidental pro-
tection, with a sound and steady currency, is vast-
ly mare important to them than high du'bs with
an inflated paper circulation, expanding and con-
tracting in rapid succession. But even if it were
otherwise—if the manufacturera were desirous to
see the tariff now increase, you cannot do it. The
Southern members, without distinction of party,
will resist tbe attempt to the utmost. Then, as ad-
ditional taxes are now cut of the question, shall
we resort to
The second p'an—that is, to a regular loan. Shall
we begin a new national debt 1 Many gentlemen,
in debate, have warmly uiged this scheme; and
ens gentleman has actually introduced a bill, by
way of amendment, for this purpos*; but for my-
self, I can say I am is much opposed to this p'an
fts I am to new impost duties-, and, if any ining,
13
more so; for, if you once establish a regular na-
tional debt, it will soon lead to taxes, anal none,
that are now Jiving, will see the end of it. The
day in which this Government paid off her pub-
lic debt, was a great and glorious day for our Re-
public. It should be long remembered, and ce-
lebrated by the American people. When tbe fact
that the United States had paid off their public
debt was first made known in Europe, it awakened
astonishment, and was hardly believed. It attracted
the attention not only of Government, but of the in-
telligent men of all classes. It made an impres-
sion on all Europe, and has placed our Republic
on ai elevation so high as to be seen by all. It
has thrown around our Government a moral and
political grandeur that we should not undervalue,
it gives us advantages over other nations that we
should carefully preserve. Is it not a just cause
of exultation, while every Government in Christen-
dom is staggering under the weight of a great na-
tional debt—while England, out parent country,
is almost crushed with her enormous taxes—that
our republican Government stands disenthralled
before the world? Shall we now be so unmindful
of this glorious position as to give it up without
urgent necessity? I hope not. In my opinion,
nothing but the greatest exigency should force
us to lay the foundation of a new national debt.
That the rich money holders in the great cities
may wuh to see another pub.ic debt begun, I can
readily believe.   Government stocks would be a
safe investment for them, particularly in times like
these, when confidence seems to be lost in every
thing else.   Tnat the brokers may wish to see Go-
vernment stocks in market again, I can well under-
stand, as it would open anew field of speculation and
profit to them.   To thei-e classes, a national debt
may be a national blessing; but certainly no other
class of men in the country can desire to s«e our
Government, in time of peace with all the world,
except a handful of Seminóla Indian?, commence
another national debt, which would bring on  the
country new tariffs, high taxes, an increase of Go-
vernment patronage, extravagance, and corruption.
Sir, that party, be it which it may, that first beg.ns
a new national debt in this country, will not do it
with impunity; they will furn>sh the weapon for
their own destruction.   I was highly pleased to see
the sentiments of the President on this subject;
they are wo why of the bead of a Republican peo-
ple.   I hope bis supporters, in  this House and
out of it, will faithfully and zealously stani up to
them.
Then, sir, as it will not answer now, in time of
peace, to contract a new national debt, ihali we
resort to the third alternative—that is, shall we call
in a part or the whole of the surplus funds depo-
sited with the State ? I have heard no one, as yet,
seriously propose this, and I think no one will.
But suppose that this p'an should be urged, I
should like to be informed which of the States
could meet the call in season for the present wants
of the Government? Could Maryland, or Penn-
sylvania, or even New York, with all her re-
sources, do it? Look at the condition of these
States, and, indeed, of many others, and see if they
ould pay. No, sir; many of them could not pay
a dollar, and none of them can pay without the
utmost distress. I believe, sir, no State in this
Union is in a better condition than my own State,
North Carolina. She owes nobody on this, or on
the other side of the ocean, except this surplus fond.
She never sent agents out to hawk her c¡eJit over
the world. She has no bonds in marker-, and yet
I must say, she could not now repay the deposites
without great distress to her citizens. This plan,
then, is also out of the question, and we must,
thiough necessity, resort to the last alternative stt
before u —that is, to the measure proposed by the
bill before us, namelv, the issue of five millions ef
Treasury nttes. What solid objection can there
be to this plan? None ihjt I can see, as a tempo-
rary measure. It has, heretofore, oftentimes b.en
tried, and always has answered tbe purpose well.
But it is only as a temporary resort that I advocate
it—I would deprecate it as a permanent measure of
finance, and 1 presume no one intends it as such.
Bat an objection bas been raised which, if valid,
would at once decide me against it, whatever might
be its advantages in o her respects. Some coa-
tend that it is unconstitutional. I have examined
this objection as far as I am capable of doing, and
I come to the conclusion that there is no force
whatever in it. Those who urge this objection ad-
duce, as authority, a quotation from the papers of
Mr. Madison just published, in which the writer
would seem to entertain this opinion. But this
argument loses its force when we call to mind that
Mr. Madison himself, while President, approved
acts of this kind, under which millions of Treasury
notes were issued. If he really believed this mea-
sure unconstitutional, would he have approved it,
and carried it into execution? All who know ihe
character of that great man will not feel at a loss
how to answer.
In reality, these Treasury notes are but evidences
ef debt; and, it cannot be disguised, that by the
issue of them we create a species uf debt against
the Government—a sort of transient debt, which we
begin to pay as soon as we begin to contract. It is
not a regular, funded, stock debt, having years to
run, and which, on th's account, is so exceptiona-
ble; but a debt that must be paid within the year.
Still it is in the nature of a debt, and, as such,
comes clearly within the provisions of the Cons i-
tution.
Mr. F. continued: I have already intimated that
I go for this plan only because I think it less ex-
ceptionable than the others within our reach just
now. As a permanent measure of finance, I sm
utterly opposed to it. I thiuk, however, in the
present exigency, it will not only relieve the Go-
vernmen*, but also give considerable relief to tbe
country, particularly in the business of exchanges.
But, after all, the the only sure plan is to go right
, to work, and cut down the expenses of the Govern-
ment so as to bring them strictly within the reve-
nue. If we do this, there will be no necessity
again to resort to such expedient ; but ii we
neglect this, then all the expedients in the world
cannot long keep off the evils of increased taxa-
tion. I therefore hope that the old and experienced
members of this House, instead of consuming their
time in this patty warfare against each other, wi 1
turn their attention to the work of retrenchment
and reform—a work so necessary to the stability
of the Government, and for the prosperity of the .
country.
SPEECH OF MR. áEVIER,
OF ARKANSAS.^                /
In Senile, March 17, 1840—In E ¡xcutivje session,
on the treaty with the New Y ttk Indians.
Mr. SEVIER addressed the Senkie * follows:
Mr. Presidknt: Th* treaty noarahder conside-
ration is a complicated affair, and oil that account,
-as well as on account ef its imporance to the
Seneca Indians, to the State of New York, to the
gantees of tbe State cf Massachusetts, and to the
United States, I hope, while I endeavor, in dis-
charge of my public duty as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, to explain it, that I shall
be iadu'ged with the patient attention of the Se-
nate.
This is a treaty of much more importance than
is generally supposed. Ii is one about wh ch the
Sénecas and their friends feel, as they have Ml for
upwards of two years, (during all of which time
it has been before the country, in one form or
another,) a deep, intense, and an all-absorbing in-
terest. The written appeals of a large majority of
this tribe to the President, and to the Secretary of
War; to the Senate, and to individual Senators,
earnestly imploring a r*j°ction of this treaty; the
immense mass of te simony with which they have
furnished u* respecting it; the constant a'tenJance
of their delegates here, upon their own exp-nses,
at a great distance from their homes, and at ihs
sacrifice of an uter abandonment of tbeir private
pursuit, at all times, when this treaty was before
theSenate; and their daily atteBda ce««*« r Pa!'e-
ries, to ob erve and to gather, if possible, some-
thin  from our proceedings;«how most abundantly
the light in which this treaty is viewed by them.
On the other hand, tfce citizens of New York,
and especially iho e residing about Buffalo, have
their wshtó and ¡hopes apd fears respecting its
frte'wiOith* Senate,   They baje furnished us,
t.~"T-    .
