890
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar. 1840.
26th Cosa.......1st Sms.
also, wi<h testimony and memorials, and sage sug-
gestions, upon the subject ot Indian policy and
Indian welfare. They, too, have had their lobby
members and ambassadors here, consisting of both
red and pale faces, for the purpose of urging this
treaty through this body. Nor are these the only
interested parties. Massachusetts seems to have,
in this tieaty, something more than a general inte-
rest; she seems to have an interest somewhat par-
ticular and identical, which I deem important first
to consider and explain, that we may tulty under-
stand it in all its bearings.
Prior to 1766, Massachusetts claimed, as proper-
ly belonging to her, a portion of the State of New
York.   This claim New York contested; and this
somewhat angry controversy was not finally settled,
as we learn from the public journals of that day,
until 1786.   This dispute was then sett'ed, by Mas-
sachusetts ceding to New York all her right and
title to the government, sovereignly, and jurudiction
over the disputed territory; and, in consideration of
this cession, the State of New York ceded to Mas-
sachusetts, and to her grantees, and to the heirs and
assigns of her grantees, the right of pre-emption of
tkt soil of the native Indiana*to the territory de-
scribed in this compromise.   The na'ive Indians,
occupying the territory to which Massachusetts
thus acquired the tight of pre-emption, were then,
a* now, the Tuscaroras and Sénecas, of New York.
It was further stipulated, in this compromise, by
New York, that Massachusetts might, at any time,
by persons duly authorized by her for that purpose,
hold treaties and conferemceswiih these Indians rela-
tive (s mpvrehue of their lands.   And further, that
Massachusetts should have the right to dispose of
this pre-emption right to any person whatever.
This compromise was approved of and sanctioned
by Congress in 1787.   A complete and full detail
of this contract is to be found in the 4th volume of
Journals of Congress of the year 1787, at page 788,
to which I respectfully refer any honorable Senator
who may desire to see it.
The right of pre-emption being thus secured to
her, as well as the right to dispose of it, Massachu-
setts did aftewrards, in 1791, sell this right of pre-
emption to the Holland Land company, and that
company to David Ogdeu, and Ogden te the present
claimants. The present claimants being the gran-
tees and representatives of Massachusetts, have the
indisputable right to hold trtaties and conferences
with the native Indians, for the purpose of pur-
chasing out the Indian right of occupancy; and in
exercising this right, though courtesy might seem to
require it, th's company are under no obligations to
consult either New York or the United States. I
have not been able to lay my hands upon the con-
tract between Massachusetts and her grantees, and
am thererere ignorant of the terms of that con-
tract. But, judging from the interest which Mas-
sachusetts invariably manifests upon the subject of
the acquisition of these lands; and upon seeing her
represented by an agent or superintendent,at every
sale of them, I have concluded that she considers
herself bound by her contract to either New York
or her grantees, and probably to both, for the per-
formance of her snperioiendency upon such occa-
sions. How this matter stands I know not; but
should such information be thought desirable by the
Smate, I presume the distinguished Senators from
New York and Massachusetts can give it.
Mr. President, in considering the various inte-
rests involved in this treaty—the interests of the
Sénecas, of  the citizens of New York, and of
the grantees of Massachusetts—the committee have
thought it their duty to consider, in connexion with
iho e interests, the interest of a fourth party, which
is that of the United States.    And with a view to
understand this complicated affair, the committee
have endeavored  to  trace our relations with the
Six Nations of New York, from their commence-
ment upte this day, so far at least as the Sénecas are
concerned, for the purpose of discovering if there be
on our part any undischarged chligations to either of
the parties interested in the subject-matter now before
us. The fiist treaty which I have been able to find
with the Six Nations of New York, was concluded
in 1784.   That was a treaty of peace; a relinquish-
ment of territory on their part, and a definition of
their boundary lines 09 ours.   In 1789, fire year
with the JSew York Indians—Mr.
thereafter, a second treaty was made, which is, so
far as I have been able to discover, but little more,
if any thing, than a recapitulation of the former
one.
The third and last treaty ever made by us with
the Six Nations of New York, in their confederated
character, (unless the one we are now consider-
ing should constitute a single exception,) was
made in 1794. This was an important treaty, and
has governed us in all our intercourse with
them ever since. In that treaty, we acknowledged
separately, to each of the tribes composing the Six
Nations, their individual right and title to certain
specific reservations of land; and we guarantied to
them separately the possession and enjoyment of
their respective reservations; and con'erred upon
them the right to dispose of their reservations re-
spectively, in whole or in part, to any cit zen or
citizens of the United States, whenever and how-
ever they might choose; and for these right*, the
Indians, on their part, engaged, in the same treaty,
never to set up any claim to any other lands in
the boundaries of the United States, than those
granted in that treaty.
This was the last treaty ever made by us with
those Indians,   collectively or   separately, from
¡ 1794 up to 1838; a period of more than forty
years. From that time oward, to 1838, we
acted in good faith, and permitted those Indiaans,
i, according to the terms of the treaty of 1794, so far
at least as the Sénecas were concerned, to dis-
pose of their New York lands as they chose.
Since 1794, the Sénecas have disposed of their lands
on several occasions.    In  1797,  they were per-
I mitted to sell to Robeit Morris of Philadelphia, a
portion of their reservations. Afterward, in 1802, the
same Sénecas were permired to sell another portion
of their lands to Phelps, Bronson, and Jones; and
again, in'the same year, to Wilhelm Willick and
others; and again, in 1823, to Grigg and Gibson.
Each and all of those sales were made openly,
freely, and voluntarily, and under the guardian
care only of the United States on the one hand,
and bf the agent, or superintendent, of the State
of Massachusetts on the other. These lands
were transferred by the Indians to their granters,
not oy treaty, but by the ordinary deeds of convey-
ance; nor does the transfer of those lands to Og-
den and Fellows, in 1838, vary in any degree, but
in the prefigure of a preamble to it, from all
the other deeds of conveyance which have been
made by them subsequent to 1794.
Having then, as we have seen by the treaty of
1794, such ample power to dispose of these lands—
a power so often and so satisfactorily exercised by
them; and the United states having no interest
whatever ia these lands, and being constitution-
ally incapable of having any, and not being bound
by compact, as in the cace of Georgia, to extinguish
the Indian title to those lands, it may well be
a<-ked, why have we interfered in this affair 1 Why
have we attempted, with unahated assiduity, for
more than two years, with our influence, with our
agents, and means, and money, to barter with
those Indians for their New York reservations 1 I
will endeavor, sir, to unravel this mystery; it is a
curious piece of intrigue and history, which should
never be forgotten, as it may be of some service to
the country heieafler.
As early as 1818, we find the agents of two small
bands of New York Indians applying to Mr.
Monrce, then President t f the Uni'el Slates, for
permission to purchace,u>iifc their own means and upon
thtir own account, of the Menomenees of Green
Bay, a portion of their lands. The files of the
War Department will .«-how that the grantees of
Massachusetts were at the bo'torn of this simple,
unpretending, and modest application; and, among
o-her reasons, we find that religion, which is so
often prostituted by the designtrg to cover up in-
trigue and sinister motives, was the argument us?d
on that occasion to obtain this permission. It will
be recollected that the United State? will permit no
Indian tribe, which th^y have any thing to do with,
to dispose of their lands except to the United Stales.
The authority, therefore, of the United State* was
indispensable to enable the missionaries, Williams
and Hendricks, to make a valid puichase of the
Menomoneer,    Mr. Monrce, not foreseeing the
Senate.
objects in  view, and understanding distinctly, as
the r memorial expressly stated,  that  these two
bands were to pay out of their own means for all
the land they purchased of the Menomonees; and
further, that they were tó acquire, by such pur-
chase, no other or better right than that held by the
Menomonees—so understanding it, Mr. Montoe
gave his assent to such a purchase.   The assent of
Congress, or of the Senate, to such an unusual ar-
rangement, was neither  asked   or   obtained.   It
seems to  have been looked upon by Mr. Monros
as quite a small affair.    Under his authority, thus
obtained, the agents of these two small  tribes, as
they alleged, made a purchase, and paid for it, as
they informed us the sum of §12,000.   This pur-
chase, however, has ever been strenuously denied
by  the Menomonees, and   the contract made be-
tween those Indians, whatever it was—if, indeed,
there   ever   was   any—is   not  now to be found
where,     surely,     if    in    exigence,    it    ought
to be IVund—in either the Indian Bureau or in the
War Department.     As matters now stand, how-
ever, it is but of little consequence for us to know,
(unless for the purpose of seeing in what manner
we have been imposed upon,) whether such a con-
tract ever existed or n< t.    We all know there was
a controversy about it between the parties, and that
we were drawn into it.   This controversy was set-
tled by us in a treaty with  the Menomonees in
1832.   Thus we see that this small  affair, which
originally was to be confined to two  small tribes,
and which, on oar part, was to have been nothing
more than a mere naked assent, now loses its in-
significance, and begins to swell into a matter of
considerable importance.    Here we find ourselves
placed in a dilemma, which was brought about, as
they doubtless anticipated, by the early intrigue
of this land company.     These «nail bands, under
Mr. Monroe's permission, moved to Green Bay,
and as the title to the lands they claimed by pur-
chase was controverted, we were called upon to in-
terfere, and, as we supposed, to benefit the Indians,
did interfere and bought out the Menomonees for
them, and gave them the lands.   And  there  they
are yet.   This treaty does not disturb them.   This
is not all.    We have pa>d back to them, not only
the $12,000 they allege to have paid the Menomo-
nees, but we have given them a great deal more.
We have given them, besides the lands they claim
, to have purchased of the  Menomonees, for  their
- #12,000, the sum of $40,000; $5,000  to  the St.
Regis tribe, and $35,000 to the Oneidas, as a remu-
neration to them for their purchase of, and removal (0,
the Green Bay lands, under Mr.  Monroe's  permis-
sion.    Now, let me ask, if it be not too late, why
have we submitted to such imposition? Why have
we bought land for these New York Indians, over
whom we had no control  cr jurisdiction?    Why
have we made large  advances to  them, without
any  consideration?    We have done s>,  for the
double purpose of gratifying New York and this
overgrown and grasping land company.    We have
thus seen Mr. Monroe's peimission, of which I
have spoken, first leading to an Indian controversy,
and then ending in a settlement of it, by which we
have had to buy land and advance thousands of
dollars as remuneration (as it is falsely called) to
these New York Indians, and all without the pre-
text of an obligation or consideration on our part.
I will now, Mr. President, take my leave of tha
Green Bay Indians, and  return to the treaty of
1832.    In that treaty, concluded in this city with a
delegation from the Menomonees of Wiskonsin,we
obtained of them, for the sum of $20,000, 500,000
acres of their land?, near Green Bay, for the future
residence, not only of those small bands who emi-
grated under Mr. Monroe's permission, but for aU
of the New York Indians, then residing in New
York.    We obtained this land, so far as we were
concerned, as a mere gratuity, and without any
other consideration, so far as appears to me, than
the wishes of New York and this  land company
that we should do so.   New York desired this land
secured, not so much for the residence of those
then residing in Wiskonsin, fer their welfare bad
ceased to interest her, but for the New York In-
dians then within her borders, in the hope that her
Indians could be induced to move to them, and, in
that event, that she would be rid of an Indian pop*'
