892
APPENBIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cong.... 1st Sess
Ti eaty with the New York Indiana—Mr. Sevier.
Mar. 1840.
Senate.
"First. The party ol the second part undertakes and agraes
to u*e Ins best exertions ai.d euikavi rs to dispose and induce
«he said liii'ians to adopt and pursue the advice and recommen-
dation ot the Government ol the United Hates in respect to their
removal and iuture location; and on such fair terms <is the party
of the first pait and his associates, in the name of the said pro-
prietors, sha 1 propose, to sell and telease, by treaty, their said
reserved lands, and on ali occasions to co-operate with and aid
the said party of the first part and his associates, as he may lie
from umo to time advised, in talks and negotiations with the
chiefs nnd other influential men of the said tiibe; and iu the ac-
tive application of hia whole infiuenre at councils and confiden
tul interviews,fortho purp >se of efiecung a treaty between the
mid ti ibe and the said ptoprietors, for the extinguishment of the
Indian title te the said reserved lands.
"Second. In consideration of such efforts, co-operation, and
■emees, on the part o! the said Samuel Gordon, laithfujly be-
smwed in the premises, the said Heman B Potter, on his part
and that cf his associates, agrees to pay, or cause to be paid, to
the said Samuel Gordon, the sum of five thousand dollars,
within three months after notice of the ratification by the Se-
nate of the United States, ef a v-ilid treaty between the said
tribe and the owners ol the said pre-emptive title or their
trustees, hy which the right and title of the said Indians shall
he effectually released and extinguished in and «o the said re-
served lands.
'•This agreement, on the part of said party of the first part,
being expressly dependent upon a treaty to be made and rati-
fied upon terms, conditions, and stipulations to be proposed and
offered by the said party of the first part and his associates.
II B POTTER,            [l. s ]
SAMUEL GORDON,    f> s.]
Witness:          O. Aixen.
*°It is understood and agreed that the sum ofone thousand dol-
lars is to be added to the within contract.
September 29.1S33.
O ALIJEN,
H. P. WILLCOX.
Their are six other contracts of a simitar cha-
racter, which I will net take up the time of Ihe Se-
nate to read. These eight have lately come to
light. How many are yet behind, undisclosed,
time will tell.
Here, Mr. President, we have a few illustrations,
most liberal and honest and patriotic illustrations,
of the means u*ed by the agents of this land com-
pany, and under the authority of the proprietors,
to induce the leading and inflaenttal chiefs to sell
the lands of their unwilling consumen s. Here
we see, under ihe very nose of our commissioner,
and at the mome nt of commencing his negotiation,
«stensib/y for the pu'clnse of their Green Bay
lands, the sum of twenty-one thousand, six hundred
dollars in cash, besides leases, some for a term of
years, some for lie, some during occupancy, and
one grant in fee simple, offered and promised in
writing to eight leading and iafluential chiefs, by
this land company, as reward*, or rather as brtbes
for serving this company faithfully, with their in-
fluence in council, and in confidential interviews with
the other Indians, so as to effect a treaty with the Go-
vernment for their Green Bay lands, and so as to
effect a release and relinquishment of the Judian title
to the proprietors of their reserved lands in the Slate
of New York; and in case of success in these double
negotiations, and in the evint ef their ratification by
the Senate of the United States, then these bribes were
to be consummated, and not otherwise.
By these dark and midnight transactions, the
order of things was to be curiously reversed. The
emigrating party were to stay in New York upon
their leases, and the non-emigrating party were to
be transported beyond the Mi-sissippi. And are
these contracts denied? No, sir; they are unblush-
ingly and shamelessly admitted and justified! They
are admitted and justified by Seneca White, one of
the chiefs, in favor of the treaty and of emigration,
in his speech to the Secretary of War last August.
They are admitted and justified by N. Strong, ano-
ther chief in favor of the treaty and of emigration,
in his letter to the PteMdent, of the 9>h of last
March. They are admitted by Oilando Allen, a
white man, and one of the active agents of the land
company, and justifiel, in his letter to the Presi-
dent, of the 11th of last Match. And pray what is
ihe just fieattonl
Mr. Al'en fells us, in his testimony, which he
communicated to the President last spring, "that
he has understood (and believes the attempt was
never made to conceal ii) that provision was made
for seme of the chiefs, in accordance wi h all for-
mer usages among the Sénecas." Yes, sir, Mr.
Allen may well say he has understood tha' provision
vas made for some of the chiefs; for I find this
same Orlando Allen, who, under oath, speaks so
doublingly, as though by hearsay only, is a sub-
scribing witness to at least two of these contracts.
Bnt, as to his belief that there were no attempts
mad* to conceal these contracts— conttacts which
were for secrtt influence and confidential seivices—
we of the committee, who have travelled through
this whole mass of testimony, will believe just as
much of this part of his testimony as we please, and
that is precious little of it, if any. While volun-
tarily furnishing a part of his testimony for the be-
nefit of the President, he would have done but an
act of justice if he had given him, in addition, that
part of ins testimony, taken on the same occasion,
which wa«, ihat he was an agent of the company,
and directly interested in the success of the treaty—
Mr. Allen asamilates these rewards, promi-ed and
given to these chiefs, in thisundeihancled and clan-
dest.ne manner, to the annuiy given to Red
Jacket, Corn Planter, and others. Sir, there is no
similitude in these cases. What was given to Red
Jacket, Corn Planter,and 10 the others he has named,
was given in open day, in the presence of the na-
tion, atid with the knowledge and approbation of
their tribes. But enough oí all this, for ihe present
at least.
Sir, ihe Indians being thus tampered with, and
prepared by bribes, in advance, for the e evasion,
our commissioner entered upon the stage for the
performance of his part of the drama. And, sir,
not to be tedious, to pat-s over a tbou«and details,
and to come at once to ihe result, I will inform the
Senate that onr commissioner, af er a protrac ed
negotiation, did actually succeed in purchasing for
us the Green Bay land*. And he got these lands
for us for ihe very trifling and frivolous considera-
tion of $400,000 in cash, and 1,800,000 acres of
land, west of and adj >ining the State of M ssoun.
Here is a negotiation for you, which I am satisfied
that nothing but patience and perse vei anee and
skill and dexterity and adroitness, aidtd with good
friends to "back h s suit withal," ever c mid have
achieved. This $400,000 m cash, 1,800,000 acies
of land, is all that our commis-ioner agreed to ¡zive
for 435,000 acres of land at Green Bay, which five
years previously we gave tbe^e Indians gratuitous-
ly, and which gratuity they would neither move to,
nor accept t f us as a present!
Appended to this treaty .we find an ordinary
deed of conveyance from the Tuscan ras to OgJen
and Fellows, of all their tule to nineteen hundtei
and twenty acres of land; and from the Sénecas,
a similar deed of conveyance to Ogden and Fel-
lows of all their title to tne hundred and sixteen
thousand acres of land, all lying in ihe State of
New York, and some of it in ihe neighborhooJ of
Buffalo, and making all together, from both tribes,
in round numbers, about 118,000 acres of land, for
which Ogden and Fellows agreed to pay the sum
of about two hundred and e'even thousand dol-
lars—not quite two dollars an acre. These deeds
are honored with a preamble, and recite the impor-
tant fact, that a treaty had been concluded between
oar commissioner and these Indians. These deeds are
otherwise distinguished, bv being approved, not only
by the superintendent of Massachusetts, whose duty
it prohably was to approve them, but they were al^o
approved of by our commissioner, not as a witness,
but in his official capacity—and what is still more
remarkable, when this treaty came to the Senate,
in 1838, for ratification, these deeds came with it.
Well, sir, what next occurred? The treaty was
read in the Senate, was properly referred, and then
your committee went to work upon it. They found
it so essentially defective, that it was out of iheir
power to recommend its ratificat oi. The objec-
tions to it were communicated, among oihers, to
the Senators from New York. Some alterations in
it were suggested by the War Department, and all
agreed, without a clivsenting voice in any quarter,
so far as I recollect, that it could not be ratified in
the form in which it was executed. We amenJed
it, and S) thoroughly, as to make nearly a new
treaty out of i'; and in these amendments the Se-
nate concurred, and I believe with unanimity.
While this treaty was before the committee, we
heard many complaints from the Indians and
others, against the treaty. Fraud, unfairness, and
bribery, of which, at that time, we had no evidence,
were charged; an 1 it was stated that a majority of
the chiefs neither approved of nor had signed the
treaty, although from the preamble it purported to
have been executed in council, and properly as-
sented to.   To guard these charges, the Senate I
adopted the resolution of the 11th of June, 1838,
which was recommended by th-> Committee on In
dian Affairs, and which is ss follows:
"Provided always, and be it furlhei resolved, two thirds
of the Senate present concurring, That tlie ttealy shall have
no furoe er effect whatever, as it relates to anv ol said tribes,
nations, or hands of New York Indians, nor shall It be under-
stood that the Senate have absented to any of the contracts con-
nected with it, until the same, with the amendments heiem pro-
posed, is submitted, and fully and fairly explained, by a com-
missioner of the Lnited States, to each of said tribes, or bands,
separately assembled in council, and they have given then free
and vo'untary a=«ent thereto; and if one or more of said tubes
or bands, when consulted as alorcaid, shall freely assent to said
tieaty asamende.l, anil to then contiact conneupd therewith, u
shall be bmdins and obligatory upon those so as=cntit g, although
other or others of said barn's or tribes may not aive then assent,
and thereby cease to be parties thereto Piovided, fiirlhir,
■That it any poitlon or partol ^aid Indians do not emi rate, the
President shall retain a proper proportion ol said sum of four
hundred thousand dollar", and shall also deduct fiom the quan
tity ot land allowed wtstof the Mississippi, such number of
acies as wilt leave to each emigrant three hundied and twenty
acres only "
Thus it appears tlut we sanctioned the treaty of
the 15lh of January, 1838, on the express condition
that the treaty, as amended by ns, should be ap-
proved ef by a majority of the chiefs of each tribe,
separately assembled in open council, and alter it
had been, by our commissioner, fairly and fully
explained in open council, and by a majority of them
freely and voluntarily a-sented to in open council.
Well, sir, what next? With the treaty, as
amended, our commissioner was once more de-
spatched to his red brethren, with whom he had
pre/iously bren so very successful, ti obtain their
assent to the trea'v in its amended form. He re-
ceived his instructions on the 9th of July, 1838,
and was at his post in the month of August follow-
ing. He succeeded in obtaining the absent of all the
tribes tut the Sénecas. These he found, as usual,
a little refractory. He met th'm in council on the
17th of August, in a council house he had built for
the purpose; and as many of the*chiefs were ab-
sent, he, at ihe request of the Induns, adjourned
the council for three days. On his return on the
20lh, he found his council house burnt down—the
work of an incendiajy. He built him another, and
then fully and fairly explained the treaty and the
amendments made to it by the Senate. He found
the Sénecas decided, not upe-n the subject of sell-
ing us the Green Bay lands, but upon the subject
of emigration, which to us was a matter of no
consequence He gives us the decisions in the
tribe, in a very minute and satisfactory manner.
He then tells us that
"It will be recollected that at the time of making the original
treaty, pioviding new homes for these Indians at the West, and
the means of removing and subsisting them, thit another treaty
was signed between this tribe and the pre emption owners, un-
der the supervision of a superintendent from Massachusetts,
conveying the Indian rizhts to their several reservations in New
York. That treaty of sale was ratified by the Governor and
Council of Massachusetts. At the late council, it wa* the sale
under this treaty, and not the advantages secured under the one
negotiated by me, tliatformed the principal subject of conside-
ration The Government treaty was generally conceded tobe
liberal and advantageous; still there appeared to be a settled
purposeon the part of some to misrepresent the value of the
advantages secured under it, as one means of defeating the
other."
Here, Mr. President, we have the whole story,
fresh, full, and comp'ete,from the lips of our frank
and candid commissioner. It was the sale to the land
company, brought about, as I have shown yoa,
by bribery and corruption, that has occasioned the
fadure of our commissioner in perfecting, from
this tiibe, the purchase of their Green Bay land.
Our treaty, he tells us, was considered liberal and
advantageous, and with it no fault was found, and,
I confess, it wonld have been pa^smgly strange
to me, if there had been any objecinns to it.
And now let me psk, if our real object had bffen
to purchase the Green Bay land, why was our
treaty embarrassed by negotiating with them for
their removal beyond the Misses ppi? Why
not let ihem remáis ? they are not in our way.
We are not bound, in any manner that I know of,
to purchasj their lands for these pre-emptioners.
Whit have they done for "the State" that we
should give them a million or so of dollars, in cash
and land, to aid them in their speculations. Sir,
our commissioner desired honor, and glory, and
promotion; and he was taught to believe, and no
doubt truly, that if, by negotiation, he coold suc-
ceed in getting those Indians out of New York and
over the Mississippi, at the expense of the
United States, that glory, and honor, and promo-
tion would be his reward.
