294
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cong  ••• 1st Sess.
Treaty with the Nevo York Indians—Mr. Sevier.
Mar. 1840.
Senate.
raman, and I concurred in opinion as to the propriety of (hat
measure, believing that it would not only be just towards the
Indians, but considered as beneficent, magnanimous, and libe-
ral on their part, let the result be what it may, that I considered
it important it should be done in open council, and made gene-
ral id its operation, to preclude every ground of complaint or
misrepresentation.
The pre-emptive agents having been finally induced to adopt
that measure, a communication was made to the commissioner,
for carrying it into eftect, which he laid lie lore the assembled
chiefs immediately after he had concluded his remarks on the
method in which the assent was to be given to the treaty.
" One of the chiefs, in behalf of those in the opposition, then
reee and stated, that they did not desire to avail themselves of
the offer which had just been made by the pre-emptive owners;
and observed that they wished the council might be kept open,
after those had signed tho treaty who were present, as they de-
sired to execute, in the presence of the commissioner of the
United States and superintendent of Massachusetts, a written
declaration of then dissent. The commissioner replied that
he waa not authorized to authenticate any document other than
such as he had been specially directed to submit for their consi-
deration, and therefore could not with propriety keep the
council open for the purpose which had been stated.
," I was then reminded by another chief of the opposition
party, that I had informed them on the opening of the council,
although I was not instructed to advise them either to remain
where they were or to emigrate to the Indian Territory in the
West, I had been seat there by the Governor of Massachusetts
to see that impartial justice was done to the Seneca nation of
Indians, and that I had observed, on another occasion, I should
not be deterred by the flash of the tomahawk or the crack of
the rifle in the independent and honest discharge of my duty;
and as I shouH be a witness to such of the chiefs as were in fa-
vor of emigration, whosi;;ned the treaty, 'my heid would not
be straight" unless I also verified their proceedings; and then
asked me if I would remain for that purpose.
"I answered, that I considered it my duty to comply with all
proper requests, from any portion of the Seneca Indians, so far
as it was m my power to do so, that I should, w ith great plea-
sure, remain and witness the signatures to the declaration
which it was proposed to execute, after the commissioner of
the United States retired ftoin the council house.
"As many of the emigration chiefs were absent, only'sixteen
ranes were affixed to the treaty, in council, on the 28th ult.;
and immediately after the adjournment, the written declaration
of the chiefs opposed to emigration was produced and signed in
my presence."
Here we find that our commissioner refused to
receive the list of the names of the dissenting
chiefs, or what they called their protest, which was
tendered him in open council. Bat General Dear-
born, who is a military man—a man of mettle—
who is not, as he informs as, to be "deterred from
a faithful discharge of his duty by the flash of the
tomahawk or the crack of the rifle," did receive
and witness this dissent, or protest; and he forward-
ed it, according to the request of the Sénecas, to
QoTernor Everett. This protest contained the
names of sixty chirfs, out of eighty-one, and is to
be found in our printed document, at page 174.
Here ends my review of the reports of Messrs.
Gillet and Dearborn, upon their first embassy.
They had another, which I will briefly dispose of;
but, before doing so, it w ill be necessary to notice
the official action of the head of the Indian bu-
reau, upon our commissioner's ieport. Let us
now see how Mr. Crawford viewed this' matter.
Mr. Crawford says, in bis letter to the Secretary of
War, of the 29th of October, 1838:
"The only difficulty in the way of regarding the acts of the
Indiana as meeting the resolution of the Senate, that appears to
me insuperable, concerns the assent reported to have been
given by the Sénecas.   There are in this band seventy-eight
chiefs.   The assent of sixteen was obtained in council, of
thirteen  at the   room of the commissioner,  and of  two
others at their own quarters, making thirty-one; and, since
the arrival of Mr.  Gillet in Washington,  he has received
the wntten assents of five more, properly authenticated, mak-
ing an aggregate of thirty six.   The commissioner reports that
not more than sixty-one chiefs attended the council at one time,
and that thirty-six is mare than one half of the number of chiefs
that probably gave their attendance in council at all the meet-
ings; two of the chiefs, it is said, hold a questionable authority,
and two have removed from the country.    Is this an assent of
the tribe by the chiefs?   The authority of the band resides in all
the chiefs; and although uniformity in their views can scarcely
be expected, at least a majority of the chiefs, not of those who
appeared in council, but of all upon the reservation, it strikes
should consent to constitute the  "free and  voluntary  as-
sent" of iff tribe.     Deduct the two who, it is represented,
exercise a doubtful authority, and the two who have removed,
and seventy four chiefs of the Sénecas remam, of whom, in-
cluding the five whose assents were not attached to the modified
treaty, but transmitted by mail, and we have thirty-six only.
The last five, fn my opinion, cannot be reckoned; but I have
not noted more particularly the defective manner of their as-
senting, because it was, in the view taken, unimportant.   Per-
haps, too, it was intended by the Senate that they should
content in council. Mr. Gillet states in his report that a printed
copy of the treaty and amendments was handed him, to which
was affixed the signatures of thirty five chiefs and one hundred
and seventeen warriors, declaring their assent thereto.   This
tenting it dated six days before the assent in council was
obtained, preceded, as I presume, the full explanations of
the commissioner, and, although witnessed by James Stryker,
United States sub-agent, and II. P. Wilcox, and no doubt
fairly obtained, (for it embrace? the names affixed to the assent
prepared by Mr. Gillet, and four additional ones,) can scarcely,
it seems to me, be considered as within the intent of the Se-
note.   If, however, you should think differently, the four chiefs
added to the whole number first mentioned, would give forty
aMeMinf chasis ontof seventy-eight.   Evenif Hie legal right
was as clear the one way as it appears to be the other, would it
"e expedient to act upon Hi The Sénecas are evidently divided
into two very nearly equal pames, the one for and the other
against the treaty, splitting on the subject of emigration, which
Is much to be tegretted Their own true interest and the liberal
views of the Government they do not comprehend, and how-
ever desirable it is that they should leave New York, which
would be the probable, but not the necessary consequence of
the rati flection of the trtaty, one-hall of them appear to be
otherwise determined for the present. The report and accom-
panying papers show that much excitement pievails among
them on the subject, and makes it too certain that but for bad
advice they would accede to the proposed terms, which perhaps
a renewed application mightfind them willing to do. For this
last purpose the door is still open, as the council was adjourn-
ed to the 15th of November next."
This letter of Mr. Crawford construes, and po
perly construes, the Senate'.* resolution of the 11th
June, 1838. Having submilted his letter to the
Secretary of War, containing his opinions, &c. the
Secretary advised upon the subject, and gave Mr.
Crawford instructions for future operations, and
these instructions Mr. Crawford embodied in his
letter to Mr. Gille', of the 30th of October, 1838,
and which it as follows, viz:
"Sir Your report and the treaty with the New York In-
dians, assented" to as amended in the Senate of the Urn ted
States, havebeen submitted to the Secretary of War He is
of opinion that the consent of a majority of all the Seneca
chieis must he obtained, but that, as you have heretofore met
the requirement of the Senate, by full explanations to them in
council, you may proceed to the Seneca reservations, and
there obtain the assent of such Indians as have not hereto-
fore given U.
"You are accordingly authorized and requested, at your ear-
liest convenience, to proceed to the Seneca reservation in New
York, and to carry out the above views. Your service among
the people qualifies you fully for the discharge of this duty,
and gives assurance of its fair, honest, and capable perform
anee.
"Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,
T  HARTLEY CRAWFORD.
"Hon. R. H Gilust, now at Washington "
Here we have, sir, what I consider a false step in
this negotiation, which was not warranted by the
resolution of the 11thof June, 1838, norsancttoned
by usage or sound policy,^ in making treaties with
any nation or Indian tribe whatever. Here, sir, is
the red book, which contains all of our Indian trea-
ties from the earliest period to the present day, and
I boldly challenge any Senator to show me in it a
single treaty ever made by us with an Indian tribe,
which was not made with them in council, or else
by delegates, daly authorized by the council to
make such treaty. Sir, the Mcintosh treaty,
which was made at the Indian Spring, m Geor-
gia, forms no exception to the principle I have
here laid down. That treaty purported to have
been made in council, and to have been assented by
a majority of the chiefs, and to have been agreea-
ble to a majority of the Creeks. These impor-
tant, and leading, and controlling facts, were
vouched for and asserted by our commissioner, on
that occasion, in his report. Relying upon the
truth of that statement, the Senate ratified that
treaty—and what followed 1 Mcintosh was mur-
dered, and his followers were driven, for refuge
and safety, out of the Creek nation into the white
settlements.. President Adams refused to carry
that treaty into effect; and, at the following session
of Congress, laitl the fads of that treaty before the
Senate—and what did the Senate do with it 1 The
Senate investigated it, and, finding it had been
made by a minority of the chiefs, and by bribery
and unfair means, the Sei ate declared it null and
void; and yet, sir, with a knowledge of the pro-
ceedings of the Senate upon that treaty, we find, by
Mr. Crawford's instructions to Mr. Gillet, which I
have just read,that our commissioner was authorized
to proceed, for a third tim , to the Seneca reserva-
tion, and there ob'ain "the assent of. such Indians
as had not heretofore given it."
This mode of hun'ing up Indians, and of getting
their signatures, out of council, in the woods, or any
where, wheresoever they may be found, seems not
to have been very cordially approved of by Gene-
ral Dearborn; and upon ascertaining this fact, we
find Mr. Crawford addressing another letter to Mr.
G llett, of the 19th of November, 1838, in which
he says: " The instructions given you when here,
it seems to me, would justify your assembling oj the
Senecat, should you deem it necessary. But to re-
move any doubt, I am directed by the Secretary
of War to say, that if General Dearborn desires it,
you are authorized, at your discretion, ,to hold such
council."
Here we find it a matter of doubt whether Mr.
Gillell'8 instructions would authorize him to con-
vene a council, and is stated that he is not to con-
vene the council, unless General Dearborn should de-
sire it, and not even then, unless at his discretion.
And he never did convene the council, although it
will be remembered that, on the 20th of October
previous, the commissioner had not closed the
council which he was then holding, but had pub-
licly adjourned it to the 15th of November. This
public pledge, which we find studiously violated,
seems to have given the parties concerned in it no
sort of uneasiness, or to have needed anyisort of
apology. This violation oí a public pledge by a
duly authorized commissioner, is justified, though
not avowed, on the ground, I suppose, that we aro
not bound, according to modern ethics, to keep fanh
with heretics or infidels; and we are called upon,
as the high priests of ti e United States, on the
alleged, but fallacious, pretext of expediency, to
endorre ihis code of moralny.
Mr. Gillet says, in his report upon this mission,
that "ne visited sucA places on the reservations as he
was desired to by any of the chiefs. Eight of ihe
signatures were received at his room in Buffalo—
one at his former lodgings at Buffalo creek, and one
at the residence of the sub-agent." These ten, add-
ed to the ihirly-one before received, mikes torty-
one altogether, which is a majority of one, and then
he insists that the treaty had been assented to; if
not according to the resolution of the Senate, it was
assented to according to the instructions ol the War
Department.
General Dearborn's report, in the main, varies
but little from that of Mr. Gillett. He s'ates, how-
ever, that he thought there ought to have been a
council, but seems to have acquiesced in the other
mode, as Mr. Gillett showed him the instructions
he had received of Mr. Crawford of the 13th of Oc-
tober, by which he considered himself prohibited from
calling a c«uncit. It is denied that Mr. Gillett said
any thing to General Dearborn about his subsequent
instruction  of the 12th of November, 1838. As Mr.
Gillett no doubt intended to avail himself of the
discretion these instructions gave him, and finding the
pliant New Englander acquiescing in his views of
expediency, he never did inform General Dearborn
of those instructions. General Dearborn, in his
letter to Gov. Everett of the 19th January last, says,
be never saw or heard of the instructions of Mr. Craw-
ford to Mr. Gillett of the 12/A of November, 1838, and
yet the credulous General, after he had found oat
the existence of such secret instructions sometime
after the negotiation was ended, and after the whole
proceedings were published, teems to take no of-
fence at the circomstance, but states that be be-
lieves (a belief, to say the least of it, which shows
on his part, a marvellous credulity) that his not
seeing those instructions was undesigned and acci-
dental.
Mr. Crawford, in his letter to the Secretary of
War of the 15th of January, 1839, upon the sub-
ject of the last reports of Mr. Gillett and General
Dearborn, says:
"That ten additional assents had been obtained, but that two
of which are not manifested, by the party appearing una sign-
ing m person. The reasons given for their not appearing and
signing in person the treaty as modified, are, that one of them
was absent, and the other prevented from doing so by the acts
of chiefs opposed to the treaty "
These are important details, and are not to be
found in the printed report of Mr. Gillett, before
whom these tiansactions occurred, and which pro-
bably accounts for the fact that several of the
chiefs, whose signatures appear to the treaty, deny
ever signing or assenting to the treaty, or of autho-
rizing any other person to do so for them. I say im-
portant, because it will be observed that those two,
signing by attorney, constitute what is claimed asa
majority of the chiefs. Mr. Crawford concludf s
his letter by submitting the treaty, signed in the
manner we have seen, by forly-one chiefs, for the
consideration of the Secretary of War.
The Secretary of War reports upon this treaty to
the President, of the 19th January, 1839, and re-
commends the Presi lent to ssbmit it to the Senate.
Here let me remark, that the President is autho-
rized by the terms of the resolution of the Senate of
the 11th of June, 1838, to prorr.u'ge th s treaty,
without agMn   consulting the   Senate  atoat  it
whenever he is satisfied that it has been assented to
according to the true meaning and intent of the re
solution of the 11th of June, 1838.   The Preside 
