S96
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cong""1*t Sess.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Nervelt.
Mar. 1840.
Senate.
he established the truth of any one of these asser-
tions? No, sir; no.     He has scarcely even made
the atenipt; but has endeavored throughout to
evade ihis distinct issue.      He knew perfectly well  |
that tt was impossible for him to maintain the alie- ,
gations which he had made.   I shall not enter into
a woman's war of words with him.     It is enough
forme to have fixed upon him th« charge of hav-
ing, throughout his whole published speech, misre-
presented my arguments.   This charge will stick to j
him «s closely as the poisoned shirt of Nessus.
He will never be able to relieve himself from it.
But the Senator, well knowing that the ground
which he occupied in his published speech wonld
not sustain him for a moment, has attempted to
slide off from it, and has seized, with a desperate
grasp, upon a single sentence uttered by me, for
the purpose of proving that I am .the friend of an
exclusive metallic currency.    Even if he could
establish this fact, which is impossible, that is no
part of the question at issue between us.   In order
to establish his position, he must not only prove
that, in the abstract, I am a hard money man, but
that I contended that the Independent Treasury
bill would convert this into a haul money country.
I used the sentence to which he refers with no re-
ference whatever to any effect which might be pro-
duced by the bill.   It is contained in that portion
of my remarks which relate exclusively to the fatal
consequences   to   domestic   manufactuces   which
flow from the enormous amount of our paper is-
sues at the period of our greatest bank expansions.
To what extent I was willing to proceed in reduc-
ing "our nominal to the real standard of prices
throughout the world," I had over and over again
exp'aned.   I had declared that it was my desire
to reform, and not to destroy, the banks—to place
them in such a condition as always to secure to the
country a currency convenible into specie; and the
extent of this Teform was pointed oat by me in the
dearest and raOst distinct manner.    I thall not
again trouble the Senate with an enumeration of
the reforms in our banking system which, in my
humble opinion, ought to be adopted by the Siate
Legislatures, who alone possess the power. A large
portion of the frame work of the Senator's speech con-
sisted of his reiterated assertions that I had imputed to
the Independent Treasury bill the fatal consequences
which I have already enumerated; and he is now
reduced to the necessity of e caping I rom these as-
sertions by quoting a single sentence of  mine,
which, on its face, has no connection whatever
with this bill.    Such is his unhappy condition.
The Senator complains today that I did not state
on Tuesday last the particular misrepresentations of
my speech which I charged against him. In this
he is mistaken. I stated them then as explicitly as
I have done to-day. All the Senators who heard
me on that occasion must recollect, that I then
charged the Senator with having put into my mouth,
as arguments in favor oí the Independent Treasury
bill, the very strongest objections which had ever
been urged against it by its enemies. I specified
the particulars of which I complained, and read ex-
tracts from the Senator'á speech, to prove the tiuth
of these specifications. I now cheerfully appeal to
the Senate and to the world, to decide what ought
to be thought of a Senator who has, over and over
again, reiterated the assertion in his printed speech,
that I had supported the bill on principles which I
not only did not hold but had expressly disavowed.
The Senator says I complimented him on his
speech afier he had delivered it. What passed be-
tween us on the occasion to which he refers, was
this, according to my best recollection. As I had
not heard his speech, I asked him if he Lad done
ire justice in stating that I was not the advocate of
a pure metallic currency, but was friendly to well
regulated State banks. He replied that he had;
and I may then have complimented him for this
caute, because I then considered that he had acted
towards me in a fair and candid manner. I am
sorry that I have since been compelled to change
my opinion of bis conduct.
I regret, as much as the Senator can do, that I
delayed so long to expose his misrepresentations;
but I performed this duty, which 1 owed to myself,
at th« very first moment an opportunity presented,
titer toy wart towfbt to my knowledge  Until
Saturday evening last, when I first read his speech,
I was slumbering in security, not even dreaming that
the misrepresentations of my remarks wi<h which
the country was filled, had proceeded from hs pub-
lished speech. If my speech had circulated with
his; if the antidote could have accompanied the
bane, there is no candid man in the country who
who would not have done me justice. His speech,
however, has been extensively circulated; and
those by whom it has been read, and who have
never hachan opportunity of examining my speech,
will believe that the arguments which he has attri-
buted to me in favor of the Independent Treasury
bill, were actually urged by me on the floor of the
Senate. If I had suffered his misrepresentations
to pass unnoticed, I should have done myself great
injustice.
The Senator has to-day manifested a very bad
temper and spirit. He has attributed to me "lan-
guage which is unparliamentary, ungentlemanly,
and untrue." I have but one word to say in reply
to him; and that is, that his remarks, as applied to
me, are "flagitious," and that he is unworthy of the
courtesy which pne gentleman owes to another.
I ask the pardon of every other member of the
Senaie for usin? such an expression; but I cannot
ask that of the Senator from Massachusetts.
CUMBERLAND ROAD BILL.
DEBATE IN THE SENAT^,
Thursday, March 26, 1840
The bill for the continuation of the Cumberland
road, in the Slates of Ohio, Indiana, andu I line
was taken up for consideration; and the que/Hon
being on the amendment proposed by Mrl/Noa-
vill, making appropriations for other roads, har-
bors, .and rivers,
Mr. NORVELL said, that when, the other day,
he had submitted to the Senate the amendment
now before it, the motion to print it and postpone
the bill for one day had been inflexibly resisted by the
Senators fiom Indiana [Mr. Smith] and Illinois,
[Mr. Young } This course, on their part, was proba-
bly very natural. It was characteristic of gentle-
men "feeling power and forgetting right." They
felt conscious of their strength on the Cumberland
road question; and their impatience, with regard to
any obstacle which might be presenteJ to the suc-
cess of their exclusive demands upon the Treasury,
was in due proportion to their consciousness of
power. Another Presidential election was ap-
proaching; and always, on the eve of such an
event, it was perhaps to be expected, that a few
States, having interests in common, pursuing a
common object, elated with- the importance of
their electoral votes to both parties, and aware of
the anxiety of both to secare them, should com-
bine to press, under circumstances so auspicious, a
favorite measure to their section of country. It
was to be anticipated that they would be unwilling
to embark their fortunes with the kindred claims of
other S'ates, whose weight was not so commanding
as theirs in the political scale, or who would not
present so compact an object, so exciting an inte-
rest, for the appropriating patronage of the Go-
vernment. In this view of the matter, they were
not willing to extend the same measure of libera-
lity to other sections of the country, which they so
importunately claimed for themselves. He trusted,
however, that the Senate would take a diffe-
rent view of the subject, and would act upon prin-
ciples of a more enlarged and cemprehensive po-
licy. Another Senator from Indiana, [Mr. White,]
had indulged in expressions of strong disap-
probation of all combinations for the purpose
of carrying measures through Congress. That
Senator had perhaps forgotten that the very
measure which he, with others, was now pressing
through the Senate with so much zeal, relied for its
success, to a great extent, upon this principle of
combination, and upon the artificial force which
that combinaiion brought to bear upon a great pend-
ing political question. A system of log-rolling, of
combining interests, to effect an object, was no
worse in principle, no more to be condemned in
practice, than a system of scrambling, in which all
the liberal feelings of the human heart were sup.
prewea, and telflih, local and atrtonal objects
14
alone were sought to be accomplished, without re-
gard to any other consideration, social or national.
Society was founded upon combinations and a re-
ciprocity of interests. Governments grew out of
the mutual wants, necessities, and dependence of
men upon each other. And he could perceive no
reason for passing sentence of condemnation on
legislative combinations for the promo,ion of vari-
ous and extensive interests, legitimate and benefi-
cent in their tendency, when that union and com-
promise were the principles which pervaded the
whole social and federal compact. He could not
see ihat one bill, containing large appropriations,
could be more extravagant in effect than a number of
bills embracing the same objects and the same
amount of money in separate enactments. He
considered sugge*tions of this sort to be but shal-
low devices to excuse the inequalities and injustice
of local, sectional, and exclusive appropriations.
But, say the honorable Senators, the Cumberland
road had always stood upon its own merits: it had
always been kept separate and apart from ether
objects of appropriaiion. This assertion was a
great mistake. He had examined several of the
acts in which appropriations had been made to the
Cumberland road. He had limited his examina-
tions to a few years. These had been sufficient to
disprove, in the most signal manner, the declara-
tions of the Senators fiom Indiana and Illinois,
and to serve as a warning to gentlemen against
the loose assumption of things to be true, in the
very face of rtcorded fact.-. By an act of Con-
gress, passed in May, 1828, upwards of three hun-
dred thousand dolars were appropriated for the
improvement of harbors, piers, light-houses, and
roads, and for surveys, and a continuation of the
Cumberland road. By an act of the 31st of May,
1830, appropriations were made for roads in Michi-
gan, roads and a canal in Florida, and for the fur-
ther construction of the Cumberland road. By an
act of the 3d of July, 1832, upward* of one and a
quarter million of dollars were appropriated for
harbors, riverSj the Delaware breakwater, and for
the continuation of the Cumberland road. In June,
1834, the civil and diplomatic bill was loaded with
the Cumberland road. As late as March, 1837,
an act made appropriations for geological and mine-
ralógica! surveys in the Indian territories, for
roads in Florida, surveys of the Atlantic coast, and
a continuation of the Cumberland road. Here, sir,
was not one instance only, in which this rickety child
of the honorable Senator had been put out to nurse,
bat five several time?, wiihin a few years, it had to be
sustained by incorporation with other objects, such
as his amendment, now before the Senate,embraced.
He had thus proved to demonstration the fal-
lacy of the declaration that the Cumberland
road had always stood upon its own merits, and
was too strong and too sacred to be mingled with
other objects more constitutional and national in
their character. He had shown that often had that
work been intruded into other company to prevent
the termination of its existence. Frequently had
it been engrafied upon other appropriations by
Senators who were so pure, at times, as to revolt
from the idea of associating even kindred subjects
in the same act. All these pretences had been put
to flight by a brief reference to the records of our
legislation. They had not a platform left to stand
upon. It was not, however, at this time, his in'en-
tion to wage fresh war upon the Cumberland road.
His object was to clear the way for bis amend-
ment, by showing that the only plausible considera-
tion urged against its incorporation into this bill—
that of its having always been kept by itself—was
entirely destitute of foundation.
What was his amendment? It embraced no
new work. It comprised works long in the pro-
gress of construction or improvement; works which
had often been examined and re-examined by the
most scientific officers; works, the estimates for
which had frequently been subjected to the most
rigid scrutiny by the appropriate committees. All
affectation of objection, founded upon the absence
of these examinations and set minus, vanished at
the touch ol truth. It wai an objection interposed, to
answer pi cent purpos-s, by those who were at heart
opposed to the iraproverrentssujiiestedinbis amend,
meat   It was a difficulty raHd. up by tbofe wjn.
