t9S
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Mar. 1840.
26th Como*•••1st Skss.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Clay of Ma:
Senate.
I might add that, of the entite tonnage of all these
lakes, about one-fourth is licensed and enrolled at
th  port of Detroit, and this, too, without her enjoy-
ing the benefits of being a terminating point of a
far-reaching inland communication. The interest
that Detroit ihen has, sir, in these harbor improve-
ments, is not directly local as to herself. It consists
in the security they «ill afford to her shipping,
which is every where abroad upon and whitening
these great inland seas, and to the lives, not only of
passengers, but of her hardy, intrepid manners,
whose perils and hardships in the vernal and au-
tumnal seasons are far greater than those encoun-
tered on the ocean.
But, of the local interests of the people in differ-
ent parts of our State, it is unnecessary for me to
speak in order that my line of duty may be appa-
rent on this interesting subject. A glance at our
map is sufficient to "define my position" here, sir,
and 1 believe it will not be misunderstood. I speak
of these interests as local, with a view to present
object, which is, not to discuss the merits, in whole
or in part, of the harbor bill, not now as a bill be-
fore us, but which I hope soon to see here, proper-
ly digested, as it doubtless will be, by the Commit-
tee on Commerce. When that shall appear, I
doubi not my colleague will do it justice by a tar
mure able elucidation of its general benefits than it
will be in my power to bring to its aid.
I will take occasion, Mr. President, wbile I am
up, to say to the friends of the Cumberland road,
that I am with them. I shall vote for all necessary
and judicious appropriations for its continuation,
let them be what they may, units* objeetions I do
not now anticipate shall present themselves. I re-
gard it as a great national improvement. I admire
the wisdom of its conception, and commend the
zeal with which its friends have pressed, thus far,
its onward march towards completion. I belong to
that school of constructionists who believe in the
power of the Federal Government, with the assent
of the States whose territory is occupied for that
purpose, to construct works of internal improve-
ment of this character; and I cannot regard that
work^as " sectional" which, like this, will, in its
completion, penetrate moie than one-four, h of the
States of this Union, and, by direct or indirect
means, contribute to the common benefit of all.
I will only add, sir, that I do not believe the zeal
of my colleague for these harbor appropriations to
be less earnest and devoted than my own. We
only differ as to the time and mode of presenting the
subject to the consideration of the Senate, and, if I
do not greatly mistake the indications around me,
the vote about to be taken on this amendment will
show that I have judged correctly.
The question was then taken on the first branch
of the amendment proposed by Mr. Nobvell, and
it was rejected.
Mr. NOR.VELL then said, that as he perceived
an indisposition in the Senate to favor his amend-
ment, he would withdraw the residue of it.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama then moved to strike
ont all of said bill after the word "dollars," in the
11th line, which is in the following words:
"Which said appropriations are made upon the same terms,
and shall be subject to all ihe provisions, conditions, restric-
tions, and limitation*, touching appropriations for the Cum-
berland road, contained in the act entitled 'An act to provide
for continuing the construction, and for the repair of the Cum-
berland road," approved the third day of March, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-seven."
Mr- C. said, the part of the bill which he had
moved to strike out, referred to and proposed to
continue the conditions, limitations, and restric-
tions, contained in an act making appropriation  for
th* same road, which was approved on the 3d day
of March, 1837. In order to understand those
conditions, limitation;, and restrictions, it would be
necejsary to refer to that act; and the most impor-
tant would be found in the fourthtnd last section,
which was in the following word.-.
"Seo. 4. And be it further enacted, Thaf the several sums
hereby appropriated for the construction of the Cumberland
road, in the States of Ohio, Iidiana, and Illinois, shall be re-
placed by said State* respectively, out of the fund reserved
I  each for laying out and mking roads under the direction
•/Congress, by the several acts passed for the admission of said
States into the Union, on equal footing with the original
tacatas."
Mr. C. Faid the section he had just read had
reference to what was commonly called the 2 per
cent, fund, reserved by the compacts for ih; ad-
mission of the States named, to be applied to the
making of a road, or roads, leading to the said
Stairs, under the direction of Congress. The
clause of the bill, which he had moved to strike
out, referred to this condition, amongst others, and
declared, in effect, that the appropriation now
about to be made, should be "replaced by the said
Slates respectively, out of the fund reserved to each
for laying ont and making roads under the direction
of Congress." This declaration distinctly implied,
(Mr. C. said) that there existed such a fund, out of
which this large appropriation could or "might be
"replaced," or refunded to the United States. Mr.
C. said that any such assertion or implication was
untrue;that it had no foundation in fact; and was.con-
sequently, calculated to deceivc,and impose upon the
country. He said the Senate should take care that
their records and laws should be founded in truth,
and contain nothing false and delusive. Mr. C.
said he was now prepared to demonstrate the cor-
rectness of the position he had assumed, by official
document*.
He said he would, in the first place, bring to the
notice of the Senate a report from the Secretary of
the Treasury, responsive to a resolution he had of-
fered some days before, which would show the
amount of the two per cent, fund which had ac-
crued upon the lands sold in Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
and Missouri, up to the latest returns; and would
also furnish data on,which to estimate the amount
ef the fund hereafter to accrue. The aggregate
original quantity of public lands in those four States
was 114,104,652 acres. Of that quantity 46,649,-
322.29 of acres had been sold; and upon the amount
for which it sold, the entire two per cent, of the four
State* on the nett proceeds was but $1,096,012 18.
Now, said Mr. C. to ascertain how the account
stands, let us inquire into the amount of appropri-
ations which have been applied to making roads
leading to those States. According to document
No. 65, in the second volume of the Senate docu-
ments of 1835-6, there had then been appropriated by
various acts $5,169,407 76, which was about four
millions of dollars more than the amount of the two
per cent, which had then accrued in all the four
Siates. It might have been supposed, with the
knowledge of such facts, further expenditures on
this road would have been abandoned. But, he
said, strange as it might appear, such was not
the fact. Congress had been still going on, at every
session except one, ever since, making large
appropriations for the same object, and pretended to
be reimbursable out of the same fund. By the act of
2d July,l336,hesaid there had been appropriated the
round sum of 0700,000. By the act of March 3d,
1837, there had been appropriated $390,000. By the
act of May 25th, 1838, there had been appropri-
ated the sum of $450,000. All those sums, added
to the amount which had been appropriated, up to
January, 1836, make the grand aggregate of appro-
priations for the Cumberland road, at the present
time, $6,609,407 76—and that grand aggregate
exceeded the amount of the 2 per cent, fund of the
four States, which has accrued up to the latest re-
tarns (and which alone was subject to be applied
to making roads leading to them) by the enormous
sum of $5,513,395 58Ü
Now, (said Mr. C.) notwithstanding Congress has
expended this vast amount in the construction ot a
road leading to and through the States named in
the bill, over and above the amount stipulated by
«he several acts for their admission into the Union,
we are again called on for further appropriations
to the amount of $450,000, and the attempt is
again made to keep up the delusion, tkat we
are to be reimbursed from the two per cent fund,
when every man in the Senate knows that
fund to be exhausted more than six times over,
and that, from it, we never can be reimbursed
one half the amount already expended, and, of
course, not one dollar of this, nor of any future ap-
propriation. Mr. C. slid he was prepared to prove
this, beyond dispute or doubt, ty the same response
of the Secretary of the Treasury, to his resolution,
from which he had before quoted. That report,
Mr. C. said, had been laid on the desk of every
mtmber, and he invited peti'lemen to examine it,
and they would find that the aggregate quantity of
public land remaining unsold, in the same four
States, was but 57,044,342 71 acres. What were
the quality and value of those lands? He said it
would be recollected that it had, again and again
been asserted and pi o ved, year after year, for a
longtime past, that nearly all the unsold lands in
thoss States had been offered at public sale, much
had been subject to private entry for many years,
and had found no purchaser at the minimum
price, or $1 25 per acre. It had been shown, by a
report of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, made some two years ago, that there were
then about 8,386,772 acres of land remaining un-
sold, in the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and
Missouri, which had been subject to private entry
and unsold for twenty years and unwards;
11,590,623 acres, which had been subject to pri«
vate entry, and had remained unsold for fifteen
years and under twenty years; and 7,279,580 acres
which had been subject to private entry, and had
remained unsold ior ten year* and under fifteen
year*.
Without going further with the report, or show-
ing the quantity that has been offered for sale, and
remained unsold for a less period than ten years,
we have already no less ihan 27,266, 976 acres
(nearly one half of all the unsold lands in the four
States) that have been subject to private entry for
a longer period than 10 years; and nobody will
take them at $1 25 per acre. Besides this, a re-
port from the General Land Office, made some
years ago, carefully compiled from the reports of
district land offices, represented (and he believed
truly) that millions of acres of the lands then un-
sold, were unfit for cultivation. The truth of this
report, too, had been confirmed on the floor of the
Senate repeatedly, for some years past, perhaps by
every member from those States. How ofien have
we heard the expression, "refuse lands;" and how
truly has that character been fixed upon them by
the testimony of honorable Senators, as well as by
official documents'?
Then, sir, (said Mr. C.) is it not manifest, from
this statement of facts, that we can never expect
to realize th« minimum price for the fifty-seven
millions of unsold public lands in those States!
He ventured the assertion, that no member of the
Senate, however anxious he might be for the suc-
cess of this bill, could, or would, say that he could
ever obtain for those unsold an average price of
$1 25 per acre. It was impossible, in the nature of
things.
But, for the sake of the argument, said Mr. C.
let us suppose that every acre of the unsold pub-
lic lands in the four States, will command f 1 25
per acre. To what would they amount) The an-
swer is $71,305,428. On that sum two percent,
would only be $1,426,108 56. This sum, added
to the two per cent, already accrued, would make
in all, $2,522,120 74—less than one half the
amount we have already appropriated ! Is it fair
then to say—nay, sir, is it true—as the section re-
ferred to by the clause proposed to be stricken out
asserts, that the money appropriated by the bill
"shall be replaced out of the fund reserve 1 to each
for laying ont and making roads under the direc-
tion of Congressl"
No, fir, said Mr. C. it is untrue, deceptive, and
fraudulent. Every gentleman who will turn his
attention to the facts, and the figures, must know
it to be untrue—must be conclusively satisfied,
that the clause of the bill, in question, asserts in
substance, that the united States Government is to
be reimbursed out of a fund, which has no existtjM'
now, and never can exist.
Mr. C. said, it being, then, clearly established,
that the iJea of reimbursing the Government from
the two per cent, fund which had accrued, or might
hereafter accrue, in the four interested States, was
wholly fallacious and unfounded; and going on th«
presumption that the Senate would not willingly
place or leave upon its records, bills, or other pro-
ceediBgs, that which was at variance with the truth,
he should expect his motion to be sustained. Th«
naked question would then fairly come up, whe-
ther Ihe General Government possessed the consti-
tutional power to make internal improvements
within the limits of the Siates? Upon that ques-
tion, he fca¡d, as well as the expediency of exer-
cising such a power, his mind had been long m «J«
