Mw. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
26th Cokg«"'1st Sess.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Clay of Ma.
Senate.
np, and he was prepared to meet it. He said,
moreover, in the present state of things, when the
National Treasury was exhausted, when we should
be compelled to borrow the money which was to be
eipended on this road, and when, too, we saw the
proposition distinctly made that we should hereaf er
add to the expendiiuies already made about
48,000,000 more, it was peculiarly proper that we
should strip the subject of all disguises, and march
np to the true question, and meet it with manly
firmness.
The iurher consideration of the bill was post?
poned until to morrow.                                   /
and
Fridat, March 27,18
After some remarks from Messr
TAPPAN, in opposition to the ame;
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said, befóte th€ question
was taken on his amendment, he mlsyask the in-
dulgence of the Senate for a short tra, to enable
him to reply to the Senator fromf Illinois [Mr.
Young.] He said the Senator to whom he referred
had endeavored to elude the force of the facts
which he (Mr. C.) had on yes'erday brought to the
view of the Senate, establishing the total exhaustion
of the two per cent, fund, six times told, resulting
fr.im rthe sales of lands in Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
snd Missouri, by a construction which was entirely
new, and most extraordinary. The Senator from
Illinois had insisted that, by the terms of the com-
pacts between the United Spates and those several
S ates, on their admission into the Union, th? Ge-
neral Government was bound to make, that is, as
Mr. C. understood him, to complete, a road leading
to each. Mr. C. said such a construction was a
palpable perversion of the meaning of the language
employed in every one of tho:e compacts, as could
be shown by a moment'j recurrence to them.
The first of the compacts was that with Ohio, on
her admission into the Union; and the clame under
consideration was in the following words:
"That one twentieth part (equal to 5 per cent.)
of the nett proceeds of the lands lying within the
State, sold by Co ogress, from and after the thir-
tieth day of June next, after deducting all ex-
penses incident to the same, shall be applied to
i he laying out and making public roads, leading
from he navigable waters emptying into the Atlan-
tic, to the Ohio, to the said State, and through the same;
such roads to be laid out under the authority of
Congress, with the consent of the several States
through which the road shall pass." By the act of
Congress, approved March 3d, 1803, after Ohio
had been admitted into the Union, and obviously
wiih her consent, and on her own proposition, 3 per
cent, of this fund was surrendered to her, to "be
applied to the laying out, opening and making
roads within the said State, and to no other pur-
pose whatever," -&c. The passage of this act
left no other fund "to be applied" under the direc-
tion of Congress, except 2 per cent, of the nett pro-
ceeds in making a road, or roads leading to that
State. To prove the correctness of this view of
the subject, Mr. C. said it was only necessary to
refer to the acts for the admission of other new
States. For example, the corresponding clause
ia the act for the amission of Indiana, is in the
following words:
"That 5 per cent, of the nett proceeds of the
lands lying within said Territory, and which shall
be so'd by Congress, from and after the first day
of December next, after deducting all expenses in-
cident to the same, shall be reserved for making
public roads and canals, of which three-fifths
shñll be applied to those objects within the said
State, under the direction ofthe Legislature thereof,
and two fifths [shall be applied] to the making of a
road, or roads leading to the said State, under the
direction of Congress."
Now, said Mr..C. can it be pretended that, under
this agreement, Congress is bound to do more than
faithfully "to apply two fifihs to the making of a
road" leading to either of those States? If it had
been intendfd (hat Congress fhould make the road,
that is, compute a toad leading from the navigable
waters of he Atlantic to either State, for w hat pur-
pise was th-; amount to be expended, for that ob-
ject limited to two percent, of the nett proceeds of
the public lands?   The cost of such a work was
wholly unascertained; and if it had been intended
that it should be done, regardless of expense, it was
altogether absurd to limit or name the amount to
be expended.
Moreover, sa;d Mr. C. it is a sound rule of con-
struction, to take all laws, in pari materia, or on the
same subject, into consideration, to ascertain the
meaning of a legislative body.   Pursuing this rule,
I call your attention to   the clause on   the same
point in the act foi the admission of Illinois into the
Union, which is in the following words: "two-fifths
[of the 5 per cent] to be disbursed under the direction
of Congress   in   making  roads    leading   to   the
Sta'e."   Now,   is   not   this  manifestly a mere
undertaking to expend the two   per cent,   in  aid
of, or toward, the construction of a road leading
in ihe direction stipulated?   The two-fifths are to
be so "disbursed," and no more.    If Congress had
intended that such a road should bs made at all
events, according to the construction of the Sena-
tor from Illinois, the language should, and doubt-
less would, have been to this effect: and so much of
the nett proceeds as may be necessary to make a road
leading to said Stale, shall be applied to that object, un-
der the direction of Congress.     But, sir, it must be
apparent to every one, who has paid the sljghlest
attention to the subject, that all Congress ever in-
tended to do, in this matter, was to aid in making
roads leading to the new S-ates,  to the ex'ent of
two per cent, of the nett  proceeds; and this has
been faithfully done, and far more, as I shall .«-how
before I sit down.    It is unnecessary for me to de-
tain the Senate by reading the compact wiih Mis-
souri; it is substantially ihe same with those which
have been already examined.
But, sir, (said Mr. C.) the Senator asks, is the
road which was contemplated nude to Illinois? Is
it made to Missouri? How much has been ap-
plied toward the fulfilment of the compacts with
either of those States ? And he insists, in substance,
that the amount of the two per cent, fund, arising
on sales of public lands, in either of those States,
has not been applied by Congress, according to the
terms of the acts for their admission into the
Union. Now (said Mr. C.) I have gone through
all the acts of Congress, making appropriations for
this road beyond the Ohio, since the adjournment
of the Senate, on yesterday, and am prepared to
prove, by y<ic/s and figures, that we have not only
performed our duty, in good faith, toward those
States collectively, but we have done so tovard
each separately.
Mr. C. said: I assume the position, as now
well established, that the General Government
was only bound to expend two per cent, of the nett
proceeds of the lands sold after the adoption of their
respective Constitution!;, in aiding the construction
of roads leading toward those States. He said it
was, moreover, apparent that we were not bound
to anticipate the tvo per cent, fund an hour, but
only bound to "apply," or "disburse," it as it ac-
crued. Now, sir, how stands the account wiih ihe
four States collectively? Why, sir, («aid Mr. C.)
as I showed you yes'erday, the aggregate amount
of the two per cent, which has accrued to all those
States, up to the last returns of lands sold within
their limits is but . . . $1,096,012 18
We have appropriated for the Cum-
berland road, in all, east and west
of the Ohio.....6 609,407 76
Balance in our favor on the gene-------'■----------
ral account,           .       .       .     $5,513,395 58
And, sir, [said Mr. C.,] that balance in our favor—
that mere excess, over and above the fund, as far
as it has accrued, as I showel yesterday, is more
than double the sum to which the two per cent, can
ever amount, if, contrary to all reasonable expecta-
tion, every acre of land, iBcluding mountains,
swamps and morales, could be sold for the mini-
mum price!
Well, sir, (said Mr. C.) let me now direct your
attention to the separate accounts of the several
Slates. I will not consame your time by enumerating
every distinct appropriation, although I have made
out, and have before me, full statements. I
will assume,(as I believe may be safely done,) that
the whole sum of the various appropriations for the
Cumberland road has been, in round numbers,
$7,000,000.     
Of that sum there has been appropriated for the road
leading to the State
of Ohio, about        $3,500,000
Her two per cent.
fund is   -          -      340,467 47
The balance in our favor against
Ohio      -           -          -          - $3,159,532 53
There has been appropriated for
the road leading through Ohio to
Indiana -          - $1,648,650 00
Her two per cent is      335,007 36
Balance in our favor against Indi-
ana                   -          -          -   1,313,642 64
There has been appropriated for
the road leading through Indiana
to Illinois           - $1,085,000 00
Her  two per cent,
fund is   -          -      259,587 88
Balance in our favor against Illi-
nois       -                                        825,412 12
There has been appropriated for the
road leading through Illinois to
Missouri, including expense of
the survey        -    $747,265 00
Her two per   cent,
fund is   -          -      160,949 47
Balance in our favor against Mis-
souri     ...          -       585,315 53
Making an aggregate excess of the
whole two per cent fund, which
has accrued to the four States of  $5,883,902 82
This, too, is wiihout adding the interest on the
appropriations made in advance, which would
greatly augment the amount.
These calculations, said Mr. C. may not be pre-
cisely accurate. I have had time to go over them
only once; but they are, in the main, correct, and
must be regarded by all candid men as a conclu-
sive answer to the allegations and complaints
made by the Senator from Illinois. He trusted
that gentleman would consider this response to his
question, "how much has been appropriated to
each of those States," entirely satisfactory, until be
could show some other claim to the public trea-
sure, than the two per cent, fund arising out of the
compacts for their admission into the Union.
But, said Mr. C. the Senator from Illinois says
this is a great national work, in which many
Slates are interested. He denied this position in
every particular. It was reitber a national im-
provement, in the proper constitutional sense of
the terms, nor were many States, interested in its
further prosecution. He said, if the Senator
from Illinois meant that it was a great na-
tional work, because it was a long road, and muea
of the natonal treasure had been 'expended on i*,
he would agtee with him. This, however, would
not do; for upon those principles a road of equal
extent, and equally costly, through any other part
of the Union, would equally deserve the character
of national, and in that way all roads nrght be
rendered caiional. Such a position, he presumed,
would be too absurd even for a friend of the Cum-
berland road to maintain. Mr. C. said he could
imagine no road to be propeily national, unless
within the constitutional power of Congress; nor
did he know how that could be the case, as there
was no such distinct, subs'antive power granted us
by the Constitution, unless it could be made an in-
cidental one, necessary and proper to carry some
delegated power into effect. He said he had sup-
posed it m'ght be incidental to the war power—'.hat
is, the power to defend the country against inva-
sion—and ihat Congress might constitutionally ap-
propriate the national funds to the construction of
a road leading to some portions of our maritime
er inland frontier, if considered so vulnerable as  
render indispensable such facilities for th  trans-
portation of subsistence for our troops, aad arms
and munitions of war. He bad thought ha should
feel himself called upon to voia for such a road
as he had alluded to, if its «eeessity, or great
utility, for such purpose;, was clearly made out.
But no such case is here presented. This road
leads to no frontier, either bordering upon any
Indian tribe, upon the possessions of any foreign
Government, or to any point on the Atlantic or
Gulf of Mexico.    After it reaches  the Ohio,
