Mar. 1840.
At l ÉÑt>IÍ TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
SOI
86th Cong....1st Skss.
Losses sustained by Indian wars.—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
their adtrances not on the credit of th« soldiers,
bat at the request of the commanding officers, and
on the credit of the Government.    This clearly
appears by all the testimony, and will not be ths-
pated. The only question was, whether the offrcers
in this case had a right to bind the Government.
As a general rule, the officers of the army have not
this power, it is only in cases of necessity that this
power devolves upon them.   That there were cases
in which the Government was answerable not only
for the contracts, but even for the torts of officers
and soldiers, had been repeatedly decide! by the
House.   Where the army was in want of quarters
or of provisions, they might se.ze on either, and
the Government would be responsible.   Within a
week or two, this House had passed a bill to com-
pensate the owner of a dwelling which had been
occupied as quarters by the troops, and burnt acci-
dentally after their departure, by the fite left in it
bjnhe s «ldiers. Where a foraging party seize provi
sions, or a body of troops take possession of quarters,
it could make no difference whether it was done with
or without the consent of the owner  If the properly
of two persons were thus appropriated to the use of
the public, one of whom generously and patrioti-
cally consented, and the other resisted, so that force
was required to obtain possession, the consent of
the one could not weaken, nor the refusal of the
other strengthen, his claim to compensation.   A
different doctrine would proscribe patriotism, and
orfcr a premium for selfishness.   There are, then,
cases in which it must be conceded that the officers
of the army may bind the Government.   Jfectisity
conftrs the power, and the power must exist when-
ever the necessity occurs.   In this case the exi-
gency  was pre.'Sing.    By the default (not inten-
tional) of the Government, the army was destitute
of the means of subsistence; they were in a state of
suffering.    They were consequently mutinous; one
corps had stacked  their arms.   To preserve the
army it was necessary  to obtain supplies    The
officers appea'ed to Bailey and Delord to make ad-
vances, and assured them they should be pad
when the money arrived to pay the troops.   Tney
did rake the advances, and the army was thereby
preserved; but before the moBey came, the troops
were marched away and dispersed, leaving the
claimants unpaid.   If there can be a case in which
necessity gives ihr right to bind the Government,
this seems to be the one.   There is another princi-
p'e which, as between individual*, would give
Bailey and Delord a legal claim.   They paid, the
debt uf the Government to the soldiers, at the re-
quest of the public officers; and if the Government,
af er notice, paid the debt again to the soldiers,
they did so in their own wrong.   The mere fact of
payment, by consent and notice, would, as between
individual?,create a liabiliy;but as to the Govern-
ment, the rule ought to be held, with many grains
of allowance.   Here, however, the payment was
not merely by consent, but by the prccurament cf
the officers of the Government, under such circum-
stacc s as to imperiously require it.   This c'aim,
therefore, appears to be just, and ought to be
allowed and paid.
LOSSES SUSTAINED BY INDIAN WARS,
DEBATE IN THE SENATE,
March 12, 1840.
The bul to provide for the payment of damages
sastained by individuals in the wars with the In-
dian tribes since 1830, being taken up for consi-
deration,
Mr. HUBBARD remarked, that when the bill
was before the Senate on a former day, he dis-
covered that its passage was to be opposed. He
had therefore wiih much care, and with much at-
tention, examined its provisions, compared them
with the provisions of the act of 1816 and ¿817,
and he hoped to be able to satisfy the Senate that
there was no new principle asserted in the bill now
under eonbideratioB-t-tbat it was in truth a mea-
sure founded upon the gieat principles of immuta-
ble justice.
Before he proceeded to gire an analysis of the
bill, he would state; for4he information of the Se-
nate, that, at the last session of Cwifpress, a mem-
ber of the Comnvttee on Claims, now no more,
[General Tiptcn, of Indiana,] had, by direction ot
the committee, reported a bill substantially  the
same as the one now before the Senat .   No action
was had upon that bill during that session.   At the
commencement of the  pre ent session, that same
bill was referred, by order of the Senate, to their
Committee on Claims, and he had reported back to
the Senate the bill,  with sundry amendments.    It
will be recollected  that individuals having claims
against the United States for property lost during
the war with   the Seminóles, had preferred them
here for allowance.    These claims, if paid, accord-
ing to the exhibits of the claimants themselves,
wou'd necessarily require the expenditure   of a
large amcunt of tne public money.    Many ef their
private claims had at a former, and have at the
present, session of Congress, bren horoughly ex-
amined by the Commit;ee on Claims, and had re-
ceived their faverable conn leration.    B lis for the
relief of many of the claimants were reported to
the Senate at the last, and ih° same bills, with some
others, had been agun favorably presented to the
Senate al the present session.   He had  as' ed the
early attention ef the Senate to the general bi'l,
which embraced the sam;,   and  no  other prin-
cipes, but what were distinctly embodied in the
special b lis to which he had  referred.    He had
done this to the exclusion of those pnva'e bills, and
he well knew that he had done it against the wish
of those individual claimants.   He had done this
because a sense of justice demanded this general
measure at the hands of Congress.    They  were
elaims of that character  which required, in  his
judgment, more  prompt  action  than  experience
shows wou'd be bestowed by the uncertain and
tardy operations attending the progress of private
claims before Congress.   They were claims of that
character which should be examined by a tribunal
consiituted for that purpose.   This was doe to the
claiman's, and it was equally due to the Govern-
ment.   Having said thus much, he would now un-
dertake to show what were the prov,s:ons of this
general bill.
The fir t section declare? "tvatany person who,
since the year 1830, may have sustained dampge
by the destruction of his or her hcu^eor buildin ,
by the enemy, in the late wars between the united
States and the Indian tribes, or any of them, in
consequence of the same being occup ed as a mili-
tary deposite, for military or naval stores, or as
barracks for the military forces of ihe United
State*, under the authority of an officer or agent of
the Un ted S ates, shall be allowed and paid the
amount of such damages." Is there any thing
wrong in that? Is it not right in itself? Is it not
com;atible with our notions of equal just'ee?
The section declarer not only that the building
should be destroj ed by the enemy, but it particu-
larly declares that the destructkn should have been
made i* consrquence of the fame having been occu-
pied as a military deposite for military and naval
Mores, or in consequence of the same having been
ocjKipted as barracks for the at my of the United
"ales; and that occupation, too, under the autho-
rity of an agent of (he United States. The great
and leadtrg principle embraced in this section is,
that individual property shall not be taken for pub-
lic use, without mak ng proper remuneration—a
principle l>ing at the very foundatijn of a repre-
sentative Government.
The owner parts not with his own voluntarily;
he surrenders not his substance of his own free
will. But the Government take it; it divests
the proprielcv not only of the property tut of the
possession, and d sposes cf it for the use rnd be-
nt fit of the Uni ed Stales. The Government says
to the owner, this building is wanted for public
purposes, fur barracks for the army; it must be
abandoned by him, and given up for the so'e use,
and subject to the exclusive control, of public au-
thority. While thus used, the enemy l*y it waste;
while in the occupat on of the American army, it
is attacked; the occupants are driven, by the force
arra}el against thtm, from their possesion; and
the torch is at oice applied, until the whole is re-
duced to a pile of ruins. Shall the individual
owner be compelled, by the stem and severe regu-
lations^; bis paternal Government, to bear the loss,
.11
occasioned by no fault of his, but occasioned solely
by the interpos tion of a power over which he had
no control? For one, he would not be guilty of
such flsgrant injustice. Even should it require the
last do'lar in the Treasury, he woula appropriate it
for such an object. Nor is there any thing new in
this principle—it is as old as our Government; and
our legis'ation has heretofore been based upon this
same great principle, that private property can-
not be taken for public use without compensation
He had carefully compared that section with for-
mer acts of Congress upon like subjects, and he was
most happy to add, that thrre was nothing new in
principle in this whole bill. After the close of the
last war, an act was approved on  the 9th April,
1816,  "te authorize the payment for property lost,
captured, or d, slroyed, by the enemy, while in the
military service of the United States, and for other
purposes." The 9ih section of that act provides
that any perscn, who, in the time aforesaid, has
sustained damage by the destruction of his or her
house or building by the euemy, while the same
was occupied as a military deporte, under the au-
thority ot an ifricer or agent of the Unitea States,
shall be a'lowed and paid the amount of such da-
mage, provided that it shall appear that such oc-
cupation was the cause of i s destruction."
This was te provide for propeity destroyed on the
Kerthweftfrn frontier during the last war with
Gre.t Britain; and here is an express authority for
the bill before the Senate. The s:c*ion quoted, is
substantially like the firs-t section of the prrsent
bill; but if tho^e opposrd to this measure should he
of opinion that the committee had extended ihe
provisions of the ninth section of the act of 1816,
he would refer them to the act of the 3d of March,
1817, by which a leg.slative construction was given
to the act of 1816, wherein it is declared to mean to
extend to the very description of cccupaton as is
set forth in the first section or the bill now before
the Senate. The committee haveu^ed, injthis sec-
tion, the very termsof the act of 1817.
He thought, then, he had shown, most conc'u-
sively, not only the entire justice of the measure
itself, tut a (recedent in terms for the bill, when
Congress was attempting to make provision for
propeitv destroyed, in the manner specified, upon
the Northwestern frontier.
This is all that he wished now lo say wi'h refe-
rence to the first section of his bill.
The second section provides that, where the pro-
perty, having been in the occupancy of the troops
of the United States, shall te destroyed by the or-
der of an officer of t^e United States, the owner
shall be allowed and paid therefcr.
This sect'on is equa'ly founded in justice. The
property is taken, without the consent of the
owner, for public purposes, occupied as public bar-
racks, the United States authority exercising abso-
lute and exclusive control over it—and fir public
purposes it is destroyed, n>t by the act or neghct
of the owner, but by the esprers order of an Unit-
ed States officer. In such a case, where wcu'd be
the equity, the justice, the light, of withholding
full compensate n to the owner? There would be
none. And in the ca«es embraced, is wel! in tke
first ?s in the secon 1 sections, the owners, in his
judgmen', woull sedim, if ever, be made whole
by any allowance they may obtain by the agency
of Congres0.
The third s-ction of the bill also 8nJs its war-
ranty in f-e act tf 1816. In the filth sec'ion of
that act a provision is contained precisely similar
to the one set forth in the third section of the bill
before the Senate. And this alsi scmed to h m
to have its foundation in justice and right. The
first, ihe s?C' nri, and ihe third sections rest upon
the principle that priva'e property is sacred—that
when, and token only, the interest of the public de*
mand, can it be invaded; and then it may fe* dis-
posed of to meet public exigencies, or use! to meet
public purposes, provided that a full ana adequate
consiJeratioi shall be yielded therefor. Heres-ed,
then, this bill rn that principle. It had been wi-e'y
and justly incorporated inlbeacts of 1816 and
and 1817. He trusted that the present was a fit
occasion for its re-enictment.
Tne other parts of f-ebill were mere details.
Ts  last section fawwaborftj to the Third Auditor
