á04
AÍ^ENÍHX to THE CONGUESSIOÑAL GLOÜÉ.
Mar. 1840.
26th ConG'«««1st. Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Webster.
Senate.
the absence of all moral res'raints, had led them to
comm t depredations on the property of our unof-
fending citizens. In the mean time the Govern-
ment had kept no adequate military force sta-
tioned amongst them, to restrain them from the per-
petration of trespasses or crimes, though repeat-
edly appealed to upon the subject, axd urged to
famish the necessary protection. Now, sir, said
Mr. C. can a just Government refuse remunera-
ion for injuries, sustained by citizens, who were
settled on land sold to them by you, or by your
authority; and who were not only entitled to your
guardian care, but who warned jouff their danger,
again and again, and claimed your protection'?
He said this was the question upon which the fate
of his amendment turned; and, until compe'led by
a vote of the majority of the Senate, he could not
lose confidence in the justice of his country.
Mr. GRUNDY did not object to ^e justice of
thec'aim; on the contrary, he hai no doubt that
many of thtm were so; but he objected to the bill
for several reasons. One was, that it recognised
the principle that property des'royed in s*vi ge
w*rfare came as much within the pnncple of tne
law of 1817 as though it wera de^trojed in civi-
Iiied warfare, (if indeed there was any such thing
as civilized war/are,) when it was a well known cus-
tom of the savage to destroy indiscriminately all
within h s reach, never asking whether it had been
in the occupancy of regalar troops or not. Ano-
ther objeción was, that the busceos was to be
placed in the hands of the Third Auditor, thus
adding to his duties, when the business of his officP
was already one or two years behindhand, and
could not be brought up with all the force he pos-
sessed. He had every confidence in the Trurd
Auditor, but not when he had no time to examine
matters fairly. Again, it was opennj the Trc >-
Eury to be plundered by ex parte testimony. He
was for paying what was jus ly due, and did njt
object on the score of amount; but tne very magni-
tude of the claims ought to make th^m more care-
ful, and compel them to act with caution and wiih
judgment. The other bill, which had gone to the
House, was general in its character, an I he thought
it ample in its provisions, and a better guard on
the Treasury than the one before them.
Mr. HUBBARD was not tjnaci'us of the se-
cond section, giving the bus ne-s to the-Third Au-
ditor; that cou'.d be stricken out if the Sena or could
give it his support. That offber had been selected
for his p'cuhar fitness, from his long and well
known assiduity and cate in setting cla m=.
Mr. LUMPKIN said, in reply to Mr. Grundy:
Mr. President, my honorable ir.er.d from Tennes-
see, wi h his usual ability and ingenu ty, has irnde
many remarks calculated to disparase the men's of
this just and salutary measure. Ye<, sir, a mea-
sure so obviously demanded by erery principle of
equity and just.ce, that even its cpp n n's are
forced to admit on all sides that reluf, hi some
form, ought to be extended to the claim?>r,t3 intend-
ed to te provided for ty this bill. Allow me to
say, sir, that the arguments of my fr'end from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Grundy,] and the mode an l maní e-
of his oppos t'.on, apr ear (o me to be beter suit-
ed to the lawyer than 10 th<; Sen-itcr. Tl'e Sena-
tor has crit cized the phraseology of the bill,
and attempted to show that its provisions
could not fee cairied into effict without «cndai-
ger.ng the interest of the G >ve nment, as
well as that of the ind'v dnal claiman's.
He therefore ieems to feel hirmelf justified in
opp^s ng t^e measure in all its p.vrts. Now, s'r,
this kind of opp >sition becomes the attorney, who
is under obligations to his client to make the bast
of his case—who feels bound t > 'essrn fie liib lity
of his client to the lowest po".sible^.m «un* ( f w'i.c'i
the nature of the claim wi!l admit. But, sir, I
won'd respectfully ask, vs this the proper course of
a legis'ator, when applied to honest, fair chin anís,
who are admitted tj have j i^t demands ag.un«-t
the r Government—c'aims for the simple rtrn-
bursement of the value of their property, t?ken
without their consent by the s'rong arm of the Go-
vernment, lor the purpose of aiding the Govern-
ment in the execution of its legitimate rr.easuies of
warfare against a savage foe?
The Constitution of the United States makes it
the imperious duty of Congress to provide for and
pay the claims of our citizens, for property taken
from them for the use of the public service of the
country; and it i* such claims as these which our
suffering citizens now present, and which it is
intended by the friends of this bill to provide tor.
If it be admitted that the bill, in its preient shape,
is imperfect, and susceptible of amendment—if it
can be relieved of any supposed vagueness, or am-
biguity of language, and the provisions for the
faithtul execution of the true intent and object of
the measure can be improved—I would then, sir,
invite and ask the aid of the Srnator from Ten-
nessee in effesting an object which is as desirable
to the friends of the measure, as it can be to iho*e
who oppose it. We have a right, sir, to ask and
claim the aid of every Senator in perfecting this
measuie, who makes the admissions which we hear
Irom every speaker, to wit: that many jus; claims
do exist, of the character contemplated to be pro-
vided for by this bill.
But, sir, w.thout questioning the purity of the
motives, or the acuteness of the comprehensions,
of the Senators from New York and Tennessee,
[Mr. Wricht and Mr. Grundt,] I must le per-
mitted to say, tint the course of their opposition to
this measure, to my mind, has the appearame of
hostility to these claims altcge'her. The r pol cy,
according to my apprehension rf its effects,
amnnnts to a rejecion of these claims.
What is the cours-1 of argument by the«e Sena-
tors? One of them, Mr. Wright, in his lucid man-
ner of cosfim.inicating his ideas, draws distinctions
between the claims of citizens for property in the
occupancy of the army of the United S ates, as well
as property taken for the public use of the army,
when thus occupied and taken in a war wnh civi-
l;zed and savage nations He ^eems to think that
the legislation of Congress in 1816 and 1817, pro-
viding for claims, precisely similar to those now
under consideration, was all right and proper, be-
cause the United States incurre! these liabilities
whi'e engaged in a war with Great Britain, a civi-
lized r.a ion: but when the propeity of a citizen
is taken for public u~e, in aid of prosecuting a war
against a savage ptop'e, the case is then altered
and charged, and that similar legislation in the two
casss is not demande 1 for the relief of the injured
and suffering citizen.
I would ask, s-ir, are these distinctions reasona-
ble; are they just? Shall v e lake private pr. per-
ty for pub'ic use, and refuse, or e/en delay, to
reimburse the suffering cit zen? But, sir, the Sena-
tot from Tenness-e, [Mr. Grundy,] and, I le.ieve,
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Wright,] both
admit the justice of some of these claims. They say
'heyonght to be provided for,and wha'evtr is right
and justcught to redone. Yet,sir,the fnenl&of this
measure have thus far fai'el in every attempt to
present these just claims in an acceptable form, to
those win throw obstacles in the way of their
speed}' adjustment. When bills have been pre-
sented—restricted to in lividual claims—we have
bien told this was part al legislation. We have
been advised to bring in a measure of a general
character, which would place all the claim-
an's on an equal footing. And, sir, I have
been inclined my-e'f to favor this suggestion.
As the friend of equal political rights I have
felt n i dis>po->itio"i to give more speedy relief
to claimants who are capable of presenting
and prosecuting their claims, with the requisi'e
int 11 gence and • efficiency—persons who have
public character, standing, and friends, here and
elsewhere. No, sir, my object i«, and has been,
to administer equal and exact justice to all ih sc
claimants, regardless of their respective conditions
in life. Therefore I now appear as the advocate
of this meagre, in preference to urging individual
claims whith have be-Mi confide 1 to my care; and
for the payment of which I feel much solicit'd3,
?s I have examirel the evidence in support of the
claims placed in my hand-, arid am fully convinced
of (he justice of a portiun of them. But now, sir.that
the honorable chairman of the Committee of Claims
[Mr. IIibbard] has presented tofthe Senate a reneral
bill, wheh he has prepared with great care and
consideration, and has suppor ed and elu idated
every thing connected with the subject, with  an
ability and perspicuity! that leaves but li tie which
is necessary to be added by his Inends, who concur
in his views, we are advised by son e of the
opponents to the payment of these claims, to intro-
duce private bills for the relief of each individual
claimant.
Others contend, that the bill which has already
passed the Senate during the present session of Con-
gress, and which has been sent to the House of
Representatives for concurrence—"Establishing a
Board of Commissiouers to hear and examine
claims against the United S ates"—amply provides
for the settlement of the claims under considera-
tion, and therefore the present bill is uselesj or su-
perfluous.
Thus it appears, sir, cleat ly, that these sufferirg
claimant* are made the sport of various expedi-
ents. The hope of relief is held out in various
foims, and the variety of the modes of relief is at
the same time made the efficient means of delaying
and withholding justice.
Now, sir, what we would claim, and what I
think we have a right to expec in behalf of these
claimants, is, not longer to delay the demand of
jus'ice. We are by no means paitial to any speci-
fic form, over all others which may afford ample
provis.on for the adjudication of these claim . We
desue the payment of no doubtful claim. We ask
only for even-handed justice.
A more meritorious class of claiman's have ne-
ver presented themselves to th's Government than
many whose names will be found on the present
list of claimants—men who are patriotic, high-
minded, honest, ever ready to make every neces-
sary personal sacr.fice upon the altar of their
country's honorand interest. Shall we, sir, longtr
keep them in that harassing state of suspense
which is even wore than an arbitrary and prompt
rejection ot their just claims upen ihe Government
ot their countr}?
Mr. WRIGHT spoke at considerable length in
defence of the positions assumed by him in his first
remarks.
Mr. l RENTIS3 also speke at some length
against the bill in its then shape, and held that if
the pnncip'es recognised by civilized nations did
not apply to savage warfare, then the bul oughl not
to pass.
Mr. HUBBARD again defended the b II wih
much animation, replying at large to the objections
urged against it.
Mr. KING held it to be the imperious duty of
Congress that something like substantial justice
should be done to these claimants, whether their
property was destroyed through want of energy on
the part of the General Government, or inconse-
quence of occupancy by our troops. These claimants
had not only lost their property, but bad lost that
which they nevr could be compensated for: the r
families had been broken up, their properly and
their prospects destroyed, and in many instances
h'altn, and even life itself, had been sacrificed, &c
He would not say that these claims should he al-
lowed to the full extent of the sums claimed; but he
would say that something should be done, and that
promptly. When the bill was discussed oa a pti r
occasion, for the relief of Bulow's heirs, he had
thought it better to wait the operation of a general
law; but he was now convinced of the propriety of
acting at once on thiVmeasure,
The bill was pagsed over info.mally, and the
amendmáríts offer|a by Messrs. Clay and Hub-
bard wefe orderafi to be printed.
And tie Senate then adjourned.
SPEEQtl OF MR. WEBSTER,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In Senate, SUnday,  March 30, 1840—On the hill
authoiizing ihe-issue of Treasury notes.
I regrrf, Mr. Piesident, that ihe chairman of'he
commitye is ab>ent, as he might probably have
made ase of this occasion, not only to ¿how the
necessity of raising this sum of five milliens, for
the immediate use of Government by stme ex-
traordinary means, but a'so to siate hs opinions
upou the pub ic revenue, both in regard to its pre-
sent s'ate and its prospects for the luture.
The sum and substance of the measure now
before us is, to borrow five millions of dollars, for
