91%
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb.  1840.
86th Cono«"«1st Sess.
State Debts—Mr. Allen.
Senate.
í«ifc
|5i
a counter revolution accomp'i bed tn Government
itself, by a resolution in the cuttency—a revolution
which, as far as Great Bnuia and the United States
art concerned, has struck more profoundly into so-
eiety—spread us effects more widely ihrough alt the
anDUteít relations of life, than any other event of
modern times. Yes, effects, of which, as I snail
attempt to show, the matter of our deliberations
this day are but the dreadful manifestar ns. Fir
here, sir, it is that we are to look for the beginning
of that socce s<on of events, which has already im-
posed a debt of four thousand millions of dollarmp-
on Great Britaia, and enabled her to to throw two
hundred million of tbe amount upon the States of
this Union.
But in order to comprehend all the consequences,
both social and political, resulting from the crea-
tion of the first English bank, it becomes essential
to know the circumstances attending the transac-
tion, as well as the motives and reasons To thete
the British historian himself shall speak; and here
I ask the strictest attention, that all may judge,
whe her, in our own history, there has any thing of
  1 ke character occurred:
"The scheme was founded (says Mr. Smollett) on the notion of
a transfer able fund, and a cii culatton by bill on the credit of
alorge capital Forty merchants subscribed to the amount
of five hundred thousand pounds, as a fund uf read/ money,
to circulate one million at eight per cent to be lent to the Go-
vernment, and even this fuña of ready money b ire the tame
interest When it teas properly digested in the Cabinet, and
a majority m Parliament secured for its reception, the un-
dertakers for the court introduced it into the House of Com-
mons and expatiated upon the national advantages that
would aecruefrom such a measure They said it would res-
eñe the nation out of the hands of extortioners and usurers,
lower interest, raise the value of land, revive an J establish
public credit, extend ctr rotation, consequently improve
commerce, facilitate the annual supplies, and con-
nect the people the more closely with the Government
The project was violently opposed by a strong party,
who affirmed that it would become a monopoly, and en.
gross* the whole money of the kingdom, that, as it must
infallibly be subs'rtnent to Government views, it might be
employed to the worst purposes of arbitrary power, that in-
stead of assisting, it would weaken commerce, by tempting
people to withdraw their money from trade, and employ it
tn stockjobbing, that it would produce a swarm of brokers
ani jobbers, lo prey upon their fellow creatures, encourage
fraud and gaming, and further corrupt the morals of the
nation. Notwithstanding these objections, the bi 1 made its
way through the two Houses, establishing the funds for the
8-t mty and advantage of the subscribers, empowering their
Majrt'ies tn neorporate them by the name of the Governor
ana Company of the Bank of England, under a proviso,
that at any time after the first day of August, in the year one
thousand seven hundred and five, upon a year's notice, and the
repayment of the twelve hundred thousand pounds, the said cor-
poration should cease and determine. Tbe bill likewise con-
tamed «lauses of appropriation for the service of ihe public.
The whole subscription was tilled in ten daysafte its being
opened; and the court of directors completed the payment
before the expiration of the time prescribed by the art, although
they did not call in more than seven hundred and twenty thou-
sand pounds of the money subscribed."
Here, then, was the first entrance into the world
of the banking system, as a source of par er cur-
rency. And mirk the attendant inciden <■ In the
first place, it commenced in the edition of a pub-
lic debt, ever to be increased—never extinguished,
bat by the extinction of the Government itself. In
the next place, it began with the corraptii n of the
legislative power; for after being planned by minis
ters in ihe cabinet, it wís withheld from Parlia-
ment, in order that (he King might corrupt a ma-
jority to its sofport, betore exposing it to the eyes
of the public. And then, above all, mark the rea-
sons assigned for the measure: " It would connect
the people more closely with the Government."
Yes; bind them more firmly within the spell of the
throne—render them more tractable—less rebelli-
ons to oppre-sion.
But what were the reasons urged against it by
the patriots of ihe day? That it would become a
monopoly—engross the whole money of ihe coun-
try—subserve ihe views of arbitrary power—
strengthen ihe crown against the people—withdraw
money from trade—produce swarms of brokers
and jobbers to prey upon their fellow men—engen-
der fraud—encourage gambling, and corrupt the
general mora's. And who so lost to trirh—so in-
sensible to crime, as to deny that those fears have
been realized?   There can be none.
Bat what, sir, is this I have said and described?
Does it relate to the first Bank of England, or to
the first Bank of Ihe United Stalesl Where, in «he
world's history, are two events to be found, more
identical in all tbeir incidents—their reasons—their
ponset^tncesi
The capital stock, consisting as it did, exclusive-
ly of Government bonds for near five millions of
dollars, advanced by the company to the king; the
bank organ to loan its promissory notes, issued as
a currency, upon the sole secuntj of the bends,
themselves but the evidence of debt In this man-
ner it was that, whilst the institution, wih one hand,
drew interest, ihrough the Government, from the
people, on the debt itself, with the othejr it drew in-
terest from them, on it  own due bills, issued upon
the pledge of the debt. The value of a stock thus
yieldinf, as it did, a twofold profit, invited, of
course, all cap.taha, to make add tional invest-
ments. From time to time, therefore, was the ca-
pital of the bank increased, its charter extended,
and its powers enlarged, by acts of Parliament, ob-
tained through the influence of the king, that the
institution might be able lo make still further ad
vanees to him, as otten as his schemes of ambition
required them. Thus, by the repetition of the same
process through a succession of j ears, the whole
moneyed wealth of the empire became eventually
drawn within the common reservoir of the bank,
and arrayed as a distinct intsrest, against every
other species of property—against the landed and
the laboring classes, on whom, by its discounts and
circulation, the institution levied an enormous tri-
buí . And thus, too, by this concen'ration of
power in the bank, and its coalition with the
king, he was enabled to employ the in-
stitution, instead of Parliam nt, f r all the
purposes of taxation. The process was plain.
When money was to be raised, instead of
reporting to the constitutional mode of assessment
by law ihe monarch, had but to apply to the bank
in the fir t instance, and with the means thence ob-
tained, prevail, by corruption, on Parliament, to
provide for the payment of the inte est. By (ach
successive operation thus augmenting the public
debt; the burden of ita interest; the capí al, powers
and profits of the hank; strengthemrg i s connection
with the king; increasing hi" influence over Parlia-
mev; diminishing that of the landed and laboring
classes in ihe Government, and concentrating all
power in ihe joint possesion of the bank and the
throne I  ay, sir, the bank and the throne; for
as to the two Houses of Parliament, they hsd, by
this state of things, been rendered so notoriously
corrupt, as to ju«tify Mr. Walpole,at an after day,
in lay'ng it down as an axiom, applicable to Eng-
lish statesmen, trat "every man has hs price"
And now, sir, for the result* to lha' nation, of this
paper banking system. A public debt of four
thousand million of dollars; taxes mto'ersble; an
inequality of property an! condition, ruinous in
the extreme; a resulting aggregate of hurmn
misery, so wide and intens , as to leave one-fourth
of the population, and that tbe most laborious, wuh
scarcely a shelter by nigh\ without ihe certainty
of daily bread on the morrow—misery driving
them on from insurrection to insurrection, for
means of appeasing the carings of nature. Four
thousand millions of debt, Mill accumulating, not-
withstanding the enerm ns tribute annually drawn
froman hundred milltonsof her East Indian subjects;
drawn by the torch and the sword; by robbery and
murder, by the devastation of ihe o'des,t and richest
country *>f the globe; drawn, sir, by a system
of comp'icated and exqmnte cruelty, which
Attila, at head of his Huns, cr Tamerlane, with .^
his Tartars, would have b'ushed to commit—■*"
cruelty reserved forChve and Hastings—cruelty, at
the bare recital of which, by Burke and Sheridan,
all England shrieked with compunctious horror—
still there stands the debt, undiminished; and that
too, although British rapaci'y, insatiate by the plun-
der of India, has s retched lo a neighboring isle
its bl ghtmg hand—snatched the last bread from
his lips—torn the Ia«t rag from the naked limbs
of the famished Irishman—undiminished still
stands the debt, although generation after genera-
of her own infant children are worked in factories
to the very extremity of life. Yes, notwithstand-
ing these enmes of inhuman enormity—this infant
toil amounting to torture—there stands the debt!
and England, with her exterior grandeur, her
splendid throne, her nobility, her navy, commrcee,
and colonies, presents the melancholy image of a
Hospital, whose surrounding colonnade of archiiec-
tural beauty serves but to mock the jobs of afilie.
tion--the cries of despair wi hin.
These, s-ir, are the direful consequences inflicted
by the paper *y<-tem upon that country, and threa-
tened to this. But when, how, by whose agency,
and for what reasons, was it affixed to our soil?
Who gave it a lodgement in this Government?
The Anglo-Federal party of the United States,
From their hands it received lite and nutriment,
and by them, from the beginning to the present
moment, has it been sustained and defended in all
its ravages upon the people—in all its tenden-
cies to the destiuction of the Government. Thee
were the men; but what were their motives for
introducing n? To know them, their principles
must be known; and here again it becomes essen-
tial—first, to know what were the principles of
their founder. For of parties, it is no less true
than of Governments, that, at the beginning, they
take their principle* from the men who lead; and,
afterwards, the leading men take their* from the
parties. Who, then, was the founder of that party,
and what his principle-? Alexander Hamilton
was the man. It was he—a man whose inind, of the
stcond order, had been cast in an English mould;
was he who found«d the party, who prescribed
to his followers a cla*s of principles and a line of
policy, now and ev*r cherished by them wuh all
the zeal of fanatacism. But what pnncip es were
they'' What his scheme of measures lo give them
effect? These questions he shalf answer for him-
self. Nor shall I do him thj injustice to cite his
language, incautiously used, on au occasion af-
fording no reas< n for deliberation and care. No.
But language, uttered under the moft solemn re-
sponsibility that man can incur, the responsibility
of organizing the Government of a nation. These,
then, were the principles laid down by General
Hamilton, and prescribed to his party, mthe debate
on the adoption of the Federal Constitution, on the
nineteenth of June, seventeen hundred and eighty-
sayen.    Thus he spoke:
" ' My situation is disagreeable, but it would he criminal'not to
come forward on a question of such magnitude I have well
considered the subiect, and am convinced that no amendment
of the Confed'ratwn can answer the purpose of a good Go
vernment so long as State sovereignties do, m any shape,
exist."
Again, on the same occasion, he declared:
"Ibehevt the British Government forms the best model the
world ever produced, and such has been its progress in the
minds of the many, that this truth gradually gains ground.
This Government has tor its object public strength and indtti
dual security.   It is said with us to be unattainable    If tt
was once formed it would maintain itself    All communities
divide themselves into the few and the many    The first are
the rich and well born, the other the mass of the  people
The voice of the people has been said to be the voice of God,
and however generally tins maxim has been quoted and be-
lieved, it is not true in fact    The people are turbulent and
changing, they seldom judge or determine right.   Give, there
fore, to the first class a distinct, permanent share in the Govern-
ment    They will check the unsteadiness of the second, and u
they cannot receive any advantage by a change, they, there
fore, will ever maintain a good Government    Can a Demo-
cratic assembly, who annually revolve in the mass of the peo-
ple, be supposed steadily to pursue the public good?  Nothing
but a permanent body can check the imprudence of Demo-
cracy    Their turbulent and uncontrollmg disposition requires
checks    The Senate of New York, although chosen for four
years, we have found to be inefficient    Will, on the Virginia
plan, a continuance ol seven years do Ml   It is admitted that
you cannot have a good Executive upon a Democratic plan
See the excellency of the British Executive.   He is placed
above temptation—he can have ro distinct interests from the
public welfare    Nothing short of such an Exe uuve can be
efficient.'^/
And, in the same speech, proceeding te give a«
,an of Government, he sa'd:
"Let one body of the Legislature be constituí ed during g*°&
behavior or life
Let one Executive be appointed who dares execute h 
powers
tt may be asked, is this a Republican system! It is strictly
so, as long as they remain elective.
And Jet me observe, that an Executive is less dangerous to
the liberties of the people whenm office during life, than for
seven years
*rTf'may be said this constitutes an elective monarchy? Pr f>
what is a monarchy! May not the Governors of the several
States be considered in that light? But by making the Execu-
tive subject to lmpeachrrrent. theterm monarchy cannot appT
These elective monarchs have produced tnmults in Rome,
andaré equally dangerous to peace'm Poland, but this can
not apply to the mode in which I would propose the election
Let electors be appointed in. each of the States to elect
the Executive [Here Mr. H. produced his plan]—W
cousist of two branches; and rwovld give them the unlf
miled power of passing all laws without exception. The As-
sembly to be elected for three years, by the people in district*
The Senate tobe elected by electors to be chosen for that pur-
pose by the people, and to remain m office during hfe TW
Executive to have the power of negativing all laws; to maK*
warorpeace with the advice of the Senate, to meke treaties
vnth their ff^tw , bat to have tha tole direction of all m lw7
01
* 
111"
f
ft
ft
1 
JÍ
