Feb. 1840,
26th ConO"*«1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1X1
Stale Debts—Mr. All>n
•*•-
Seriate.
operations, and to send ambassadors and appoint all military
officers, and to pardon al! offenders, treason excepted, unless by
advice of the Senate. On his death or removal, the President
of the Senate to officiate, with the same powers, until another is
elected. Supreme judicial officers tobe appointed by the Exe-
cutive and the Senate. The Legislature to appoint courts in
each State, so aa to make the State Governments unnecessary
to it.
AU State laws to be absolutely void, which contravene the
general laws. An officer to be appointed in each State to have a
negative on all State laws. AU the militia and the appointment
of oflicei  to be under the National Government."
Ob the twenty-?ecoud of the same month, still
intent upon his object, and, as if fearful that he
had not yet been  distinctly understood, he pro-
cer ded to say that,
.^Inall general questions which become the subjects uf discus-
/* sion there are always some truths mixed with falsehoods. 1
confess there is danger where men is capable of holding; two
office*. Take mankind in general, they are vicious—their pas-
sion* may be operated upor^J We have been taught to repro-
/tatethe danger of influence itfthe British Government, without
duly reflecting how far it was necessary to support a good Go-
vernment. We have taken up many ideas upon trust, and at
la«t, pleased with our own opinions, establish them as un-
doubted truths. Hume's opinion ofthe British Constitution con-
firms the remark that there is always a body of firm patriots, who
often shake a corrupt adranistraiion. Take mankind as they
are, and what are they governed byt Their passions. There
may be in every Government a few choice spirits, who may
act from more worthy motives. One great error is, that we
«appose mankind more honest than they aie. Our prevailing
passions are ambition and interest; and it will ever be the duty
of a wise Government to avail itself of th se passion*, in order
to make them subservient to the public good—for these ever in-
duce us to action."
Yes: here, in language the most explicit, under
responsibilities the most solemn, did the founder
of ihe A-g'o Federal party pronounce the Ame i-
can people incapable of a Democratic Government
of equal free3om. Here did he declare that they
were not suffic;ently honest—that ihey were vi-
cious—governed by their pass.ons, tuibulent,
changing, incompetent to judge or determine aright;
that ihey, as all mankind, were naturally divided
into two classes, the few and the many, the rich
and the well born on the one side, the great mass,
the poor, on the oiher; that the first of these daises
should, therefore, control the Government, in order
to check the turbulence of the ^cond. For these
reasons it was, as be bo'dly declared, thai he pre-
ferred the Eng'ish form of Government, with a'l
its abu.-es, with Us throne, its nobility, its union of
chnrch and S'ate, its stanling armies, bankiBg
fls"em, its organized ccrrnption, its enormous
debt, i's ruinous taxes, its opulence of the few, its
pinpeiismof the many. It vas for these reasons
that he ponounced such a Government "the best
model the worlJ ever produced " For these rea-
sons it was that he thought a like Governmen*, if
once established over our people, wou'd possess
power to maintain iiself agairst their folly and tur-
boltnre. And therefore it was, entertaining these
principles and opini ns, that he proposed, in full
convention, to establish, as far as practicable, the
same system here, by abolishing the State Govern-
ments, and creating a Senae and an Executive for
life,armed with a'l the powers of the King and
Lords ot Great  Britain.
Such were the princip'es and views openly
avowed by the founder of the party. And who can
doubt that it was this manif st d: nger to public
liberty, from the very presence of such a patty in
the country, which prompted the controlling majo-
rity of patriots to prov.de those safeguards in the
Constitution against the indirect means to wh'ch
that pa'ty might, in future, resort to accomplish
their object? What we°e >hosesafeguards That
the Federal Government, in all its departments,
shou'doriginate witi the people—be responsible to
them—that its powers sbx uld be few, and those dis-
tinctly- exp e-sed, ard cautimsly guarded—that the
general mass of power shou'd remain in the States
or th people—'hat certain righ-s .of men, deemed
more e.-s-ntul to l.berty, shtuld abide with them,
a= sacred and in angible, by either the Sta e or the
Federal Government—that no titles of nobility
khould be gianted—that no State shou'd issue bills
of credit, com money, or make any thing but gold
and silver a legal tender. Tt ese were the safe-
guards; and, above al', were those provisions so in-
tended which re a!e t/> the cmrency; for, sir, the
patii >ts of the convention knew full well what had
been the p l.ttcal and social effects of the p, p-r
bank.rg system m Eng and. They k'cew f e de-
Sires ol the Ang'o Federal party here; and, know-
• tng these, could they for a moment doubt what ef-
fects would be wrought upon cur Government by
such a system, in the hands of such a party? But
what precautions ever yet proved infallible againtt
the prompting of insidious ambition? None. And
here, sir, we have no example—a fatal example, of
what I begun wih stating—that there is, in the
principle of oppres ion, an elasticity adapting it to
every new condition of th ngs, and that, it excluded
from the forms of government by the fundamental
law, it nevertheless takes its stand in the interior of
the social community, and perverts that very law
to its own defence, against the resistance of th? pec-
ple. And now mark the illustration of the fact, in
the hurried, silent, insidious process by which the
British banking system was transplanted into this
Government—transplanted, not only in violation
of all the constitutional safeguards intended to ex-
clude it, but under the auspices and guarantee of
the Constitution iiself. Mark, too, the exact re-
semblance of every incident attending the origin of
the Bank of England? And why? Because the
author of its introduction here was but an imita-
tor—had made the model of the BriLsh Govern-
ment—("the best model the world had ever pro-
duced")—had made that, and the h'story of Bri ish
abuses, the chief ana favored objec'sof his study—
because he had proposed that mi del in the conven-
tion—had been defeated there—still deemed it
practicable—and saw that it could only be intro-
duced by firyt introducing the paper sj stem, npon
which it rested in England.
What were the factb? This Government went
into operation by the meeting of the first Congress,
under the Coisimtion, on the fourth of March,
seventeen hundied and eighty-nine. On ihe thirty-
first of July, of the same year, the act to re guíate
the collection of duties was passed, and i's thirti-
eth section provided:
"That the duties and fees to be collected by virtue of this act,
shall be received m gold and silver coin only, at the following
rates, that is to say: ihe gold coins of France, England, Spain,
and Portugal, and all other gold coins of equal fineness, at
eighty-nine cents for every pennyweight. The Mexican dol-
lar, at one hundred cents; the crown of France atone dollar
and eleven rents; the crown of England at one dollar and eleven
cento; and all other silver coins of equal fineness, atone dollar
and eleven cents per ounce. '
Here, then, the whole revenue was to be re-
ceived m gold and silver coin only. Suci was the
positive law ofthe land, passed in strict conformity
to the Constitution. Thus, therefore, was the Go-
vernment fairly launched upon ths deep of time,
without the beating of a wave or a wind to bear it
from the course ot its intended dest ny. As yet,
all was well; and so continued. But how long? To
this question I will, in a moment, read the fatal
answer.
On the second of September, of the same year,
the act to establish the Treasury Department was
passed, and on the e'eventh of the same month,
General Hamilton was appointed to that Depart-
ment. Now mark the immediate, consequences.
On the twenty second of that very month, he, as
Secretary of the Treasury, issued to the collectors
of the revenue an order in these words:
'Trbasory Department,
September 22,1789.
Sir: In consequence of arrangements lately taken with the
Bank of North America and tht Bank of. New York, for the ac-
commodation ofthe Government, lam to inform yon that it is
my desire, that the notes of those banks, payable either on de-
mand or at no longer period than thirty (lays rif er their respec-
tive dates, should be received in payment ofthe duties, as equi-
valent to «old and silver, and that they will be received from
you as such by the Treasurer of the United States.
This measure, besides the immediate accommodation to
which it has reference, will facilitate remittances from the se-
veral States, without drawing away their,specie; an advantage
in every view important.
I shall cause you shortly tobe furnished with such indications
of the genuine notes as will serve to guard you against coun-
terfeits, and shall direct the manner oi remitting them. In the
mean time, and until further orders, you will please to receive
them, transmitting to me a weekly account of y„ur receipts and
payments.
The Treasurer ofthe United States will probably have occa-
sion to draw upon you for part of the compensation of the
members of Congress from your State.
These draits you will also receive in pavment ofthe duties, or
in exchange for any specie arising from them which shall have
come to your hand.
I am, sir, your obedient servan ,
ALEXANDER HAMILTON,
Secretary of the Treasury.
OthoH Williams, Esq.
Collector of the Customs for Baltimore, Md."
Tnu<, whi.st the law of the land commanded, in
ihe most'cxplicu words, 'hat ihe revenue should be
'rictivti in goM and ñhtr eoin ot*/y," the Secietary
of the Treasury makes arrangements with bauks,
neither known or recognised tu exist by the Con-
stituttcn or laws of this Government; agrees to re-
ceive the whole revenue in their promissory notes,
even though not payab'e on demand, and orders the
collectors so to receive them. This he did by this
fatal order, promulgated on the eleventh day after
his appointment to office, on ihe fifty-third day after
the pas-sage of the revenue law.in the very presence of
the Congress which passed it, still in session; and in
uter con'empt, equally of the Constitution, the
law, and the law making power. I say, sir, this
fatal order; fatal, because it was the first open in-
fraction of the Constitution, as well as the law, by
an officer of Government; fatal, because it went
unpunished, unrebuked; because it brought the le-
gislative power under the control of the Secretary
of the Treasury; fatal, because it first esiablished
the connection of banks with the Government; re-
volutionized he currency of the country, by open-
ing a breach in the Constitution, for the first Bank
of the United States; fa al, because it was the
primeval sin, whose consequence;, broad and deep,
have accumulated upon us with eah returning
year, until ihe Congrtss of the United State  have
at a t received, not an order from the Treasury
Department, but a mandate from the bankers and
brokers of England, not to take for revenue the
notes of banks, but to guaranty the payment of debts
we never contracted; debts due to those who com-
mand; and this we are ordered to do,on pain of public
ruin, threatened to theS ates.if we dare to disobey.
Yet, fatal as was this order, it was but the com-
mencement of General Hamilton's system for
the revolut on of the Government. He was an
imitator ; and, as such, saw from the British ex-
ample that, to displace one Government, and to
substitute ant ther, without noise or violence, some
machinery more powerful than a Treasury order
was indispensably necessary. Well, what ma-
chinery so pro-er as a National Bank? What
foundation for a National Bank so solid as a
National debt? What materials so handy for a
national debt as the debts of the States-? None.
This the S.cretary knew. His party in Congress,
he also knew, mght be prepared, in advance, for
the deed. They had justified his Treasury order in
vida ion of law; and this act of loyalty to him
was an invi ation to come forward with the balance
of his schemes. Ambition needs no second call to
usurpation. He took them at the word; and, like
the minister of William the Third, presented his
plans in full maturity to the pre-engaged favor of
legislative servility. And how were they received?
Wi>h distrust? How ac eJ upon? With delibera-
tion? No. Bat snatched from his hand, and,
with the impatient trepidation of conscious guilt,
hustled and hurried through both Houses of Con-
gress.   Mark the process.
On the 29th of September, Congress adjourned
its first ses ion On the 4th of January, 1799, com-
menced its second; passed the act to assume, by the
Fe leral Government, the Be olutionary debts ófthe
Slates, on the fourth cf the ensuing August; on the
twelfth of that month, adjourned its second session;
opened its third on the sixth of the following De-
cember—passed Ihe act to chapter the first Bank of
the United Slates, on the 25th of February, 1791, and
on the third of, the ensung March, adjonrnel its
thin! ard final session. So rapid did the Treasury
ordt r, the assumption of the debts, and the charter
of the Bank sact e&l one another. For, though it
required six >ears ftril e ministers of William the
Th rd to create a national debt, to revolutionize the
currency—to establish a bank in coalition with the
Government, concentrating in the hands of the par-
ties coalesced, all the elements of social and politi-
cal powet; yet, General Hamilton, with this exam-
ple before him, could effect these objects in two.—
And whj? Because the British Bank was already .
made to his hand, and he had but to iotfte
a branch in this Government. How, and by what
means? In the first place, it was necessary to
creae a national debt, and to throw that debt into
the hands of bankers and stockjobbers m England
To this end, therefore, the Sectary of ir-e Trea-
sury, still faithful in his affection for the'British
fo m-of Government, proceeded, throush ««spartr
in Congress, to assume twenty-one millions of Stat*^
