*1*
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1840.
26th Covo.......1st Skis.
State Debts—Mr. Men.
Senate.
debt, gtvirg to the brnds an irredeemable quality,
which he foresaw would, as il did, send them for
investment to tie money market of London
There they accordingly went; and the G ivernment
being indebted, and that to foreigners an excuse
was furnished for providing the facilities of pay-
ment. How could it be paid wiihout a bank? and
how conld a bank be introduced, with ut making
this very debt the basis and body of its capital
stock? No. These were the only means; the Se-
cretary had so declared; his par y m Ct ngress were
ready to act upon his judgment alon.; and the
thing was done. Done, sir, done, within ihe fiist
two > ears of Ibe Government—done by the very
first Congress—done by the very same men who,
but forty-two days before the Secrstary came into
office, had solemnly enacted, that all the revenue-,
should be received "in gold and silver coin only"—
done by men who w«re elected wuh no such view,
and who, in the baste of their obedisdce to the
Secretary, a'lowed the people no opportunity, by
re-election, to con eran or approve the ¿eed.
Bat why this hurry to found a national debt—to
establish a bank upon capital held by Englishmen
—to empower it to change the currency of the
country—to receive its notes for all the revenue—
todero3tte thepublicmoney in its vault*—to confer
upon ihe Secretary and h s party the power,
through the agency of English capiia', over the
whole property and labor of the country; and, in
the end, the power to fix the forms of English Go-
vernment upon thispeopWt Why this hurry? Was
it because they apprehended danger to the rscheme
from the alarm of the people, if they were allowed
time to be a'arme d' Was it because delay would
concentrate the public affections upon tie Govern-
ment as it stood; or was it because age would give
to the Constitution, now green and tender, that
firmness and inflexibility with which it conld not
be ben , without the noise of a break—changed,
wiihout the tumult of revolution? Was it for
these reasons that this succession of events was hur-
ried alorg to consummation, in the first two years
of the Government, without one word with the peo-
ple'1 Let iho*e who stand upon this finer to day—
tl e fa thV followers of Gen. Hamilton—they who
on t hit. and alt ocean-«is put forth their utmost
energies to prop and defend these his maxims, and
this his system—let them answer these questions to
the country.
The debt was assumed, funded, held, by Eng-
lishmen—a branch of the English bank esta-
blished in this Government upon it: I .«av a branch
of the English bank; for whatelsa was the Bank of
the united States? Who owned its it. ck? Who
received its prorVs? Who, by their agen «, diiect-
ed its affai's? Were they Ame ioars or Eng'isb-
men? Weie they here or in London? Let the Se
nator from Kentucky [Mr. Clat] answer. Nt>;
he has answered already—answeied upo  his re-
sponsibility as a Senat'T—answered upon this
floor, in e ghteen hundred and eleven, when he thus
spoke, on the question of renewing the c' arter:
"The power of a nation is said to exist in the sword and the
pane.   Perhaps, at last, all power u resolvable into that of the
parse; for with it you may command almost every thine else
The specie circulation of the United Stales is estimated by some
caleulaura at ten millions of dollars, and il it be no more, one
moiety is in the vaults of this bank    May not the time arrive
when the concentration of such a va*t poruon of the circulat-
ing medium of the country in the hands OT the corporation,
will be dangerous to onr liberties?   By whom is tliis immense
power wiehled?   By a body who, i  derogation of the great
principle of all our institutions—responsibility to the people—
Is amenable only to a few stockholders, and they chiefly foreign-
ers.   Suppose an attempt to subvert thm Government—would
not the traitor first aim, hy force or corruption, to acquire the
treasure of this company1) Look at it in another aspect. Seven-
tenths of its capital are m the hands of foreigners, and these
foreigners chiefly English subiects    We are possibly upon the
eve of a rupture with that nation    Should such an event occur,
do you a iprehend that the English Premier would experience
any difficulty in obtaining the entire control of this institu
tion?     Republics,   above   all  other  nations,  ought   most
«odiously  to guard   against   foreign   influence    AH  his.
lory   proves   that  the   internal  dissensions   excited  by  fo-
reign  mtu^ue have produced the downfall of almost every
free Government that  has   hitherto existed, and yet gen-
tlemen contend that we are benefited by the possession of
this foreign capital'   If we could have its use without its at
tending abuse, I should be gratified also.   But it is In vain to
expect the one without the other    Wealth is power, and, un
der whatsoever form U, existe, its proprietor, whether he lives
on this or the other side of tbe Atlantic,wil I have a proportionate
Influence    It m airoed (hat our possession of this t nglish capí
tal cives us certain influence oret the British Government    If
this reasoning be sound, we bad better revoke the interdiction
m to aliens hofding land, and invite foreigners to engtoss th«
whole property, real and personal, of the country We had
better at once exchange the condition of independent proprie-
tors for that of stewards We should then be able to govern
foreign nations, according to the arguments of gentlemen on
the other side But let us put aside this theory, and appeal to
the decisions of experience Go to the other side of the Atlantic,
and see what has been achieved for us there by Englishmen,
holding seven tenths of the capital ol mis bank Has it released
from galling and ignominious bondage one solitary American
seaman, bleeding under British oppression! Bid it prevent the
unmanly attack upon the Chesapeake! Did it arrest the pro-
mulgation, or has it abrogated the orders in council—those or-
ders which have given birth to a new era m commerce? In
spite of all its boasted effect, are not the two nations brought to
the very brink of wart Are we quite sure that, on this side of
the water, it Has had no effect favorable to Brui>-h interests') It
ha* often been stated, and although I do not know that it is
susceptible of stilet proof, I believe it to be a tact, that this bank
exercised its influence in support of Jay's treaty; and may it
not have contributed to blunt the public sentiment, or para-
lyze the efforts of this nation against British aigieseion'
The Duke of Northumberland is said to be the most conside-
rable stockholder in the Bank of the United States A la e Lord
Chancellor of England, besides other noblemen, was a Iaree
stockholder Suppose the Prmre of Essling, the Duke of Ca-
dore and other French dignitaries, owned seven eighths of the
capital of this bank, should we witness the same exertions (I
allude not to any made in the Senate) to recharter ill So far
from it, would not the danger of French influence be resounded
throughout the nation?
I shall give my most heirty assent to the motion for striking
out the first section of the bill "
Seven-tenths of its capital stock owned by Eng-
lishmen, and they living at home—by mtn of
whom maDy were, at the time, lords and officers
of the British Government—by men connected in
interest with the Enghsi Bank, and by principle*,
manners, end affections, with every thing English,
with nothing American. Well, therefore, when
he saw the Bank of the Unite! States thus owned
by Englishmen, thus established among us by a
party here, openly declaring their want of confi-
dence in the people, their attachment to the British
forms of government—a bank in the hands of
such a part) collecting the whole revenues, us
no'es the who'e currency, its word thj whole law
to the property and labor of the country; well,
when he saw these thing*, did the Senator from
Kentucky exclaim:
"May not the time arrivn when the cencentration of such a vast
portion of the circulating medium of the country in the hands
of any corporation will be dangerous to our liberties? By whom
is this immense power wielded? By a body, who, in deroga-
tion of the great principle of our institutions—responsibility to
the people—is access ble only to a few stockholders, and they
chiefly foreigners. Suppose an attempt to subvert this Go-
vernment, would not the traitor first strive by force or corrup-
tion to acquire the treasure of this company?''
And again:
"Are we quite sure that,on this side of the water, it has had no
effect favorable to British interests? It has often been stated,
and although Ido not know that it is susceptible of strict proof,
I believe it to be a fact, that this bank exercised its influence m
support of Jay's treaty, and may it not have contributed to
blunt the public sentiment, or paralyze the efforts of this nation
against the British aggressions?"
Thev, then, were the statements, the fears, the
sen'iments, of the Senator from Kentucky. They
were then irue, so are they now; for the fruí/  ha1*
not changed, though the Senator has.
Can it then, for a moment, be doubted, that the
first Bank of the Unite 1 States, was, in (act, but a
branch of the English system?—that General Ham-
ilton and his party, who introduced it here, still en-
tertained their old affections for the form  of the
Bn ish Government? Can it be doubted, that they
\et cherished the hope of engrafting the substantial
features of that G >yeram«n' npon ourConsiit-otioti?
Who doubts that tb'ey brought in the banking svs-
t«m with that view? And who, after looking to ihe
principles and prtgress of the «ystem, can doubt
that lis tendencies,one and all, are infallibly to that
result? No! imptsstbit! The very question now
pending before us, is but a summary of all the re-
sults—a concen ration of all the effects of the sys-
tem, thus far m its progress.
Yet, sir, I will net come too abruptly up to the
present period, but return back upon the line of
events, to the point where the system made its en-
trance into our Government.
The Bank was founded upon a nat onal debt,
constituting almost the entire body of its capital
stock; and why? Th  reason is obvious. It was
devised upon political motive by the founder of a
political parly; and the paity itself was to be or-
ganiz d permanentlv upon the basis of ihe institu-
tion, as the contro'ling centre of the paper system.
It was, therefore, necessary that such an institution
should rest upon a foundation both durable and
political by its connection with tbe Government.
The national debt, it was evident, would subsist
form any years; and was doubtless intended by the
party to become, like that of England, not only
permanent, but impossib e of payment. Here,
then, was a solid basis upon which the party could
stand whilst in poster, and rally it expelled.
Hence it was, ihat, when overthrown in 1800, the
Ang'o-Federalists, although in a minority, humili-
ated, with thame, fell back, and, instead ot a fl'ght,
securely concenirated upon the banking system.
Hence it n ihit we now find them there, still war-
ring for the empue of the few over ihe rights of the
many; and h> nee i' i«, al*o, that we now behold
that political phenomenon—a parly, every political
principle, every instinct of which, originates in,
emanates from, and rtturns back into, the single
idea of money; an idea to which, with them, Go-
vernment itself is secondary; me form being pre-
ferred to another, only as one, more than another,
may enable the few, "ihe r ch and th« well born,"
to s-ub^ist upon ihe unrequited toil of the laborious
p)or. Yes, "all communiues divide themselves
into ihe few and the many; the first are the rich
and well born, the other the mass (f ihe people."
So spoke General Hamilton, the founder oí th«
party and the paper system. Thus presenting the
idea of money, no matter how acquired, as the fun-
damental principle of his politics, as Ue end of
government, and government as noth'n  but the
appropriate instrument of plunder. Whilst, on the
other hand, his great antagonist, Mr. J«?fTers< n, the
lllnstnous founder of the ever glorious Democracy,
with a soul sublimely elevated by an innate sense
of ]u«ti e—by an all-embracing sympa hy with his
countrymen—with a mind far-reaching to the fu-
ture, bey end ihe forecast of the ablest of his age,
took, nobly took, íiberíi; as the basis of Govern-
ment; equal freedom to all as the means of sustain-
ing it, and the happiness of the whole people as its
rightful object.
Money, then, being the fundamental principle of
the Anglo-Federali>'s, the paper system the adopt-
ed means o mikirg the Government «ubservient to
this end; and the country thus drawn within the
central influence of that system in England, can it
be surprising that the most intense sympathies
should have always subcisted between (his party
and that country? No: nor can it astonish any man
that British n stmct should prompt that people to
send their capital here, in order to enlarge the pa-
per system—to fasten its hold upon tbe Govern-
ment and the country—to sustain a party which
rests upon it, and to strengthen tho^e sympa'hies
of interest and affection.
And, s r, I ask, have they not succeeded? Has
not th> paper system, under the patronage of this
party, and the stimu'us of Bnti'h capital, periodi-
cally applied, alieady expanded itseif from one
bank into a thousand? Has it not pervaded all th«
recesses of society, changed the whole cnnency of
the country, excluded the constitutional medium,
and taken its place, in spite of the Constitution?
Has it not acquired control over all propetty, and
all labor—made both tributary to its c< ffers—im-
paired the obi galions between man and man—
tians'erred the earnings of labor to hands that la-
bor nt f? Has it not established among us corpo-
ra e monopolies without nnmber, and a pnvi eged
order of men, where equa' ty of rights is enjo ned
by the organic law? But, above all, has it
not secretly and slyly insinuated itself into all
the forms of political power—diffused corruption
thn ugh the whole frame an 1 texture of our Go-
vernment? Has it not, m thousands of those who
claim ihe first rank in society, brouaht down every
public—every individual virtue—every quality that
ennob'es and expands the human heart—patriot-
ism, honor, truth, justice, courage, genius—every
thing moral and intellectual in man; has it not
brought down these, and all of these, in base sub-
ordination to avarice alone? Where, in these men,
are now to be found that gldw of patriotism, those
noble sentiments, devoting the whole man to his
whole country; that heat and energy of soul which
fired their fathers onward to «volution and liber-
ty? No where—no where But bent beneath the
stern despotism of a single pass on, aid thtt tbe
lowest m the meanest tr a-t, they prowl through
life, servile to the power which enables them to
plunder, and insolent to the victim people, who are .
plundered by them.
