April, mo._________
26th Cong......1st Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sir
Banch Mints—Mr. Preston.
Senate.
in the price óf cotton, took away much of the ca-
pital that was emf loyed in mining. He might add
to this the demand for labor on the railroads in the
progress of construction about ihat time. If the
preient state of depression should cwttnue for any
length of time, we shtu'd have an oppt rtuniy of
knowing whatetfect the opposite state of facts would
produce. In that event, he thought the products
of the mints would be as great as ever. If an
expaoson of the paper currency again took place, |
gold woald again sink.                                           I
There were a var ey ef opinions with regard to '■
the capacity of these mines for producing geld in
any considerable quantities:. Some nought that it
would turn out to be the riihest gold region in the
world, while others—scientific men—thought differ-
ently. This wuu'd be decided by time alone. He
did not think, however, that any judicious decision
could be made now. Mr. C. concluded by ex-
pressing the hope that his colleague would permit
the bill to pa«s now; and, after havinj collected
what information he deemed necessary from the
Secretary of the Treasury, biing the subject before
the Senate in a distinct form.
Mr. BROWN regarded the opposition to this
bill, whatever might be the intentions of honorable
gentlemen who made it, as calculated to prevent
any increase in the circulation of a metallic cur-
rency, and to establish in its stead an exclusive pa-
per system. He did not say that honorable gen-
tlemen were actuated by these motives, but he
must say that this woald be the effect of the
course pursued by them. It was well known by
those who were adverse to the circulation of a me-
tallic currency, ihat the coinage of every half or
quarter eag'e, or of every quarter dollar, is a sensi-
ble and risible argument addressed to the people
against the deprec ated paper currency, with which
they have been afflicted; and hence it was, that
those who favored the latter currency, viewed the
operations of onr mints with uneasiness and a arm.
Yes, the coinage of every half eagle or quarter of
a dollar was an irresistible argument addressed to
the senses of the people against that miserableshin-
plaster curreccy, which was its antagonist.
The Senator [Mr. Preston] seemed to argue
this question as If it was an original pro posit on
—as if the question of es ablishing branch mints was
now before trie Senate de novo, forget'ing the im-
portant fact, that these establishments were now in
operation, an 1 that the present bill called  for but
little additional expense, while it was only intended
to authorize the coinage of silver change, which
would add greatly to the usefulness of these insti-
tution*.   The statement that the gentleman made
with regard to the coinag  and the expense of these
establishments, he was very certain -was incorrect.
He begged Jeave to refer to the last annual report
of the Superintendent of the Mint at Philad'lphia,
to show that it was so.   By this report, it appeared
that the amount ot coinage within the la^t >ear, at
the mint  at   Charlotte,   North   Carolina,   was
,162,767 SO, in half and quarter eagles.   Now,
what  was   the annnal expense of that branch?
Why, only f 12,000, it would be seen, was asked
for in the appropriation bill for this year.   About
the same amount was proposed to be appropriated,
a*«o, fot the 1 ranch mint in Georgia.     Could ho-
norable gentlemen, after this, get up and say that
the cost of these mints overbalanced the advan-
tages derived from them?   By this document it ap-
peared that the considerable amount whtch he had
spoken of, had been coined in gold in the coarse of
the last year at th* branch mint at Charlotte; and
be had no doubt that if the coinage ef silver was
authorized, the amount would begreatly increased.
When honorable gentlemen talked of the loss to
the country, by keeping up these establishments, let
them bear in mind that in each of our large com-
marcial cities, there was a greater loss annually to
their inhabitants, from the miserable shinplastfrs
which bad usurped the place of coin, than the
whole expense thus incurred.   He had bo doubt
but that the peop'e of the United Spates had lost
it half million of dollars annually, in consequence
of the worthier tra*h, in (be shape of paper car-
reney, with which the whole country had been
innnaaiiKk    Yet    genrtemen    talked    of   the
ymy expense of jrg.ooo it yew, (for neither
of the branch mints would cost more,) while
they kept out of view the immense losses
incurred by in 2 people from their favo-
rite japer system. When he heard gent'e-
men taik so eloquently about the cuirency in
relation to a measure so important to the interests
of the people, his mind reverted back to the ex-
penses incurred by the Congress «f the United
States for matter* in which the people had but li t'e
interest. S,r, said Mr. B. within ihe last five or
six years there has be?n a half million or more of
dollars appropriated to purchase useless books for
the libraries of members of Congress, and for other
puiposes; and yet the*e appropriations were made
mainly by the votes of gentlemen who now seek to
cut off a tnfl ns appropna'ion, for an object of
great public utility. The cost of keeping up these
two mints would be less than twen y-tour thousand
dol'ars per annum-, but thi* the gentleman stigma-
tzed as great extravagance, forgetting that the
thtowing into circulation a quantity of small co n
Wuuld be the means of saving the people of the
United States from the great loses they incurred by
the circulation of wotthless shnplasters.
Mr. B. saw no good rea on tor recommitting th's
bill. To dt lav was to defeat it. The Si nate re-
quited no addit onal informa ion on the sbbj~ct. It
had been under discusson for the last two session5,
and the public documents, now on file, contained
all thi information with legard to it that was ne-
cessary. The se>sion was considerably advanced,
and there was danger, if the bill was delayed now,
that it would be u.o late to pass it through the other
House.
Mr. BUCHANAN had a few words to say in re-
gard to the bill under c nsideratioo; and he should
speak from memory, rather 'han from any recent
investigation cf the facts. For one, when these
branch mints were establishe J, hs had the misfor-
tune to differ from a larjp maj nity of bis po'itical
friends in the Senate; and he voted under The ban-
ner of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr Cr,AV,]and
Governor Hill of New Hampshire, who was also
opposed to them. He had seen no cause since to
change the opinions he had then formed, though he
hoped he might see abundant cause to do so here
atter. That, however, wa-t not the question These
branch mints ha1 been al'eidy e tab!ished, pnd
were now in operation; and the ft is sec'ion of the
bit', if he was not greatly mistaken, was intended,
not to incease, tut to diminish the expanse. Un-
der the existing law, tht superintendent wa* obliged
to employ a separate class of laborers for each par-
ticular purpose of the ins'itution; and at the m nt
in Philadelphia, he may easily do so without loss or
inconvenience; but at these small mints, to confine
the laborers emp'oyeJ toa par icular branch of the
business, necessarily obliged them to be idle (or a
considei able portion of their time. The object of
the first section, then, was to enab'e the superin-
tendent to employ the laborers at the«e small mm's
in different branches, and not confine fitm to one
particular employment.
He would ask the Senator from New York [Mr.
Wkight, the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, who had reported the bill] if he was not
right in saying that the first section was not to in-
crease, but, as recommended by Mr. Patterson, was
for the exprés* purpose of diminishing the expense?
{Mr. Wb'ght here answered in rte affirmative.}
The «hole amount of the business done at these
mints, heaven knows, has been little enough. He
wished to give them some more employment, snd
the superintendent sa:d that this could be done with
very little additional expense; that the silver could
be coined by the same machinery that was used for
the gold coinage, and that the engraver was under
a stated salary. The bill provided for no appro-
priation whatever, and it was not supposed that
any addi iona! expele, of the least consequence,
would be involved. Under these circumstances he
was willing to give th? bill his vote, and at th*
same time he would say that if the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Preston,] or any other Se-
nator, should introduce a resolution to inquire
whether it was necessary to keep up these mints,
he should also vo'e for it. He had conscientiously
oppose I these branch mints at the beginning. He*
believed that strong arguments could be adduced to
show that there should be no other nrnt besides
the one at Philadelphia. He should, however, vote
for the bill and if any gentleman would offer a
resolution of inquirv, he would vote for it, also,
and regulate h s subsequent votes, in relation to the
suoject, by the information that might be thus
elicited.
Aftrr some further remarks from Mr. PRESTON,
Mr. BROWN said he would quote one  or two
facts havin  an important bearing on the subject.
The gentleman naii been quoting fiom  the official
documents of 1833, by winch it appeared that the
coin„jre at these minis had  teen  less  in  amount
than the returns for ihe last year exhibited.   Now
the official documents received this session,  repre-
sente I  the coinage of the Noitu Cirolma branch
mint  at $162,767 50, and  ihat   ot   the  Georgia
branch at $123,«8), in gold, making together the
sum of $291,047 50.    He taw  in the appropria-
tion bill tor the present year, only twelve thousand
dollars appropriated lor the branch mtnt at Char-
lotte, North Carolina, and eleven  thousand five
hundred lor the branch in Georgia.    The sums ap-
propriated last year were, he presumed, greater, in
consiqu,'nce of soma expen-e to complete thes«
establishments,  which would not be hereafter re-
quired.   Thus, sir, we have had   a coinage  at
tnese mints of near $300,000 wunm the last year,
and yet this is consiuered by gentlemen  a very
small matter, too tr fl.ng to justify the expense of
keeping up these mints.   Why in Philadelphia, by
the failure of a single individual,  the  commu-
nity had lost about two hundred thousand dollars, by
the  worthless shinplasters which he had put in
circu'aton, and never redeemed.  Mr. B. then took
a view of ihe great savins to the people of the
South, which would be effected  by having a suf-
ficient si.p,dy of small  change    The gentleman,
ii speaking of'h* State of Nerth  Carolina, un-
der lot k to say that that State had always had a larger
paper circulation than any o ner State    This was
not so.   North Caiolma, in pr. pot o i to her popu-
lation, had a smaller circulation of bank paper
than   many of h;r filter States.     There was no
state in  winch there were fewer small notes in cir-
cularon, and none which had a greater proportion
of silver ciange in circulation, having prohibited
by law the issuing of notes of a less denomnation
than  three dollars.     Tne gentleman from S u h
Car >lina responded very promptly to tne sugges-
tion ef his fri/nd from  Kentucky.   Sell out ihe
braccT mnts, he says.   Wnat, sir, sell out these
mints when they ar¿ supplying an annual coinage
of near $300,00J?   And who shall we sell them
out t< 1   To some bank corporation he supposed, or
shaving es abhshm'iit, to manufacture shinplasters
in. This might suit the views of the gent emen wno
opposed this bil; bat it  would not be so weil re-
ceived by the people at large.
Mr PRESTON sail he was noUo much fright-
ened by this, cry of "shinpla>te s," by which a cer-
tain party in this country always attempted to an-
sa, ei ihe arguments userl against them. He had
showed that these mints cost twenty per cent, on
the amount coined, and the answer of the gentle-
man from North Carolina was, "thittflaaUni"
When we speak ofderaultersrunuing off to Europe
with the public money in their pockets, the answer
is, "shinplastert." Gentlemen have their imagina-
tions toitured to death with these phantoms of pa-
per cunency shinplas'ers, and they conjure them
up on all occasions, without sense or reason. When
it is asked if these mints had added to the specie
circulation of the country, it is answered, No—
but, "shinplasters!" Have they involved an ex-
pense without an equiva'ent? Yes—but, "shift-
plasteri." Have they added to the Govern-
ment patronage? Oh, ye*; but, "shinpUsters.?
The gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Brown]
says that his S ate is free from the circulation oí
shinplisters, and had smaller paper circulation
than h r sitter Sates, in prooortion to her popula-
tion. He begged leave to d.ffer in opinion with
the gentleman on this subject. The notes of the
North Carolina banks were pushed into the adja-
j.mt S'a'es, and were known as far as Georgia.
With regard to the proposition he submitted, be
had no other object in view but the public good,
He thought that the portion of tbe property of tnif
