Mtr. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
the President by any personal animad versions or un-
parliamentary language of members of this body,
but he was prompied by a regard for the honor, the
harmony, and the dignity of the Senate. It was
wiih ihis object he had made these suggestion , and
not from any personal or party bias; but he would
say, that his position, which associated him politi-
cally with the President, had alone prevented him
from making it a question for the Senate to decide,
whether the language used by the Senator towards
the Prtsilent was parliamentary or not. It was
▼cry far from his desire to interfere with the free-
dom of discussion, nor could he interfere with it,
eren if disposed to do so; and he wished it to be
dis inctly understood, that no language could be
used, however strong or harsh, when applied poli-
litically, and not personally, which would justify
his interference. He had always confided to the
high sense of dignity and decorum which charac-
terized the members of the body as the best preser-
vative of order, and his confidence had not been in
vain.
Mr. TALLMADGE then made some remarks
explanatory of the phrase excepted to, which he
said was a quotation from Shakspeare. He «li-
mited, in ie,>ly to Mr. Strange, ihit the reason
why the indicatit ns of respect towards the Presi-
dent iu the Sute of New York, at the time referred
to, were confined to one party, res ed upon the
President himself, ascribing it to his "address ng
himself, on his arrival at the Battery, to his "De-
mocratic fellow-citizens."
Mr. STRANGE said he was glad the Senator
from New York had introduced this topie, as it af-
forded him an opportunity to bear his testimony to
the great unfairness with which the President had
been treated on this subject, and altogether for po-
litical effect.    Almost as soon as it was known that
the President intended to vHt New York, there
were murmur, ngs in  the Whig ranks that there
would be no enthusiasm in his reception;   that it
would be cold, and confined to a few office holders
and devoted partisans.   His response at the Bat-
tery, to the address made him, was seized upon as
a pretext to execute what had been long predeter-
mined.   It was said he had avowed himself the
President of a party, by responding to his "D¿mo-
cratic" fellow citizens.      Had any other class of
c'iizens addressed him, and thus entitled themselves
to a response?   Did not the orator who addressed
him speak in behalf, of his 'Democratic fellow-citi-
zen ?"    Was the President to deny to the orator
the character he had assumed?    And,  if allowing
him the character, could he do otherwise than re-
spond to ii?   Suppose an orator had addressed htm
in behalf of his Masonic fellow-citizens: could the
President do otherwise than respond to his Masonic
fellow ctttzen?   If his Whig fellow-citizens really
designed to show respect to the President, would
they not have selected an orator to address him, or
have united with the Democracy in the selection of
i commen spokesman?   Not having done either of
these, eonld they reasonably expect a response ad-
dressed to them from one to whom they had said
nothing?   The expectation would have been unrea-
sonable.   It was never entertained; and an event
wh ch every one must  have foreseen has been
spoken of with affte'ed amazement, and perveited
to the injury of one who does honor to bis S;ate
and country, for party purposes.
Mr. WRIGHT n e and satf:
Mr. President, I cannot but feel the remarks
which have fallen from the Chair as implying a
reproof upon myself; a reproof, sir, I know, not in-
tended, but necessarily following from the discharge
of that unpleasant doty which the Chair has felt
itself left to perform, to piotect the absent from the
consequences of language used in debate in the
Senate.   As a personal and political friend of the
President of the United States I thank you, s r, for
the manifestation of friendly feeling towards that
officer, which you have now given; and my self-
reproach arises from the conviction that you must
have felt it to be much more the duty of the friends
of that individual upon this floor, than of yourself,
to interpose that interference, against harsh and
anparhamentary remarks  aimed at him, which
yon haw found yourself constrained to make.   As
a Senator from the same State from which the
Piesident comes, you must have considered it my
especial duty to sh eld him from such a«saults
emanating from a Senator from his own State.
I may, sir, have rn staken my duty. I have
not bten insensible to ihe delicacy of my position.
Had my own feelings permitted ihat insensibility,
the best of friends to the Presdent and myself
here have not suffered me to rest in unconscious-
ness ol the impressions produced upon others.
They have given me repea'ed admonitions, while
these remarks have been in ihe course of u'terance,
that it was my imperious dot/ to cot reel the errots,
and repel the imputations, wi'h which they were so
plentifully interspersed.
Even against these strong exterior influences, and,
I mutt be permitted to say, against the stronger
impul-es of my own feelinzs towards a most va-
lued, and esteemed, and abused friend, I must
confess, Mr. President, 1 bad made up my mind to
preserve perfect silence. Your interference has
unhealed my 1 ps, and I now owe ¡t to the Senate,
to the respectable auditory presei.t, and to the coun-
try, to explain the grounds upon which my deter-
mination to be silent was rested.
I doubt no , sir, that I treated the debate, in my
own m nd, too much as a Sta'e mat er, as the course
of remark of the speaker was calculated to induce
me to do. In that sente 1 felt a confidence which
amounted to unconcern. I could not bring myself
to b'lieve that the individual who now occupies the
Presidential chair required defence from accusa-
tions made in the tone and temper to which the
S.-nate was compelled to listen, and resting upon
the authority which brought them before the boly.
The standing, and character, and public course of
the Piesident, during a long life of public services,
were too well known to me to permit me to feel
alarm for his personal or public reputation. Hence
my determination to preserve silence, as his friend.
This occasion calls also for an explanation as to
my own course. I need not ask the Senate to
witness for me the reluctance I have manifested
here, upon all occasions, to enter into these angry
discussions with my colleague. That reluctance
has become so evident to himself, that it has been
made matter of charge against me upon this floor,
and he calls it lecturing him upon forbearance,
good temper, and good feeling. There are limits
beyond which even such lectures should not be de-
livered; and I cannot disguise from myself that
that Jim t, as between that Srnator and ir.e, is
nearer than even he may suspect.
I shall not, however, follow him now a single
s'ep. My original purpose as to him, so far as
this debate is concerned, shall be fully and faithful-
ly preserved. I have not ri en to reply to him,
but to justify myself to you, *ir, and to the body.
You retened in your remarks to the epithet of trai-
tor applied by him to the President. He answers
by saying that the words were not his, but a quota-
lion from Shakípeare. How far he can exempt
himself from your strictures by such an apology, I
am not disposed to examine. How far au ingenu-
ous mind would feel relieved, after having appled
offensive and unmerited epithets towards an indi-
vidual, epithets confessed to be unmerited, by the
apology that the words were quoted, and not origi-
nal with the speaker, I will not inqure. It is
enough for me to know and feel that I would never
make such an apology for such an offence, where
personal or public character and honor are con-
cerned.
There wa« one other remark, sir, which you did
not notice, and which I thought not less exception-
able. It related to the statement of a fact in the last
annual message of the President, and the charge
was that the statement was untrue, and that the
President knew it to be untrue. Here, however,
Mr. Prrsident, there was an apology for the
assertion, by the way of a qualification to it;
and what was that? It was that if the Presi-
dent did not know bis statement to be nntrue,
he prove! himself disqualified for the station he
holds by making it. My reply to this onvssion of
yours, sir, is, that when the President of the United
States shall be under the necessity of appealing to
the source of these remarks, either to establish his
character for truth, or his capacity for his present
office, he will be beyond  my reach for defence or
justification.
Will you, Mr. President, prrmit me to address
one word to you in conclusion? I pretend to no
learning in the rules and orders of a legislative
assembly; but when the President of the United
S'ates shall be concerned, and my colleague shall
be the accuser, I entreat of you, so far as you can
poss bly make it consistent with your sense of the
duties of your position, not to interfere upon any
future occaMon. Leave to the friends of tae Pre-
sident here his protection from assaults of this cha-
racter and from ihat quartr r.
The VICE PRESIDENT asked leave to submit
a single remark. Although he was deciJedly of
the impression that it was unparliamentary and
i out of order to make personal attacks on the Preu-
, dent of the United States, in debaie, as having a
¡ tendency to bring membe-s into collision, and pro-
i duce enminatio i and recrimination, he should not
hereafter feel i his duty to call any member to or-
der, whatever might be the character of his re-
mark*. He had discharged what he hadconsideredto
be his duty insufem t'ing the subj -ct to the consi-
deration of the members of the Sena'e, who were
equally inures ed in the preservation if its deco-
rum and harmony. In answer to the sspgeMkn
that the rules of the Senate shcu'd not interfere
with tha freedom and latitude of debate, he would
state that he fully coincided in the sentiment, and
members might, if they ih >ught proper, resort to
the Greek, the Latio, the French, or ihe English,
for phrases to add t j the pungency or strength of
their animadversions, and however harsh they
might he, he would not interfere. In his opinion,
however, it was of very little importance, when
you inflicted a stab on the person or leputation of
> our neighbor, whether you inflicted it with your
own weapon, or oae borrowed for the purpose
from another. In speriking of measures whose ten-
dencies were despotic and tyrann cal, r,o lan.uge
would be objected to by h m on account of its
harshness. His principal, and his only object was
to prevent personalises, which must always tend,
in a greater or less degree, to produce disorder and
unpleasant feelings among the members.
CUMBERLAND ROAD BILL.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE.
Tuesday, Mardi 31, 1840.
The bill for the continuation of the Cumberland
road, in the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illino's,
was taken up f<r considerad >n; and the question
being on the amendment pr posed by Mr. Clay of
Alabama to strike out the two per cent, clause,
Mr. WRIGHT said he d.d not ri>e to debate
the mtr ts of the Cumberland Road b.ll. That
duty he left to those who, from local posit:on and
more extensive acquaintance with the utility of the
work, could be ter di-charge it. Still he had, for
some years now last past, given his vote for these ap-
propnations, and he desired to d > so now. He was
aaxiojs that the bill should retain its usual form,
the characteristics which had distinguished appro-
priations for this road fiom those for internal im-
provements generally. This work was thus dis-
tinguished, from the peculiar ciicumstances which
had led Congress to undertake it, and appropria-
tions to continue it could have h s «npport only
upon the conditions that these distinctions were
carefully and fully preserved.
Fiom these remarks it would be seen that his
object was to discuss, not the g neral merits of
the bill, but the particular motion of the Senator
from Alabama, [Mr. Clay-] If that motion pre-
vailed, the bill would be placed beyond the reach of
his voie, and, as he had learned, of the votes of
several o her Senators. He hoped the motion
would not prevail, and he must ask a small portion
of the time of the body for an attempt to show to
the friends of the measure that it should not pre-
vail.
What was the motion? It was to strike out from
the bill the following words:
«Which said appropriation  are made upo  *? "*™ «"?£
and shall be subject to all the provisor, . co^tio^^rraWAc-
tiona, and limitaUons, touching .ppr°pr un0, ,fo' *£WE
land road, contained in the mi entitled £^J't^Z™J*
eontinuing the construction, and for the repair of the Cumber-
