$**
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOflÉ.
Mai-. 1840.
26th Cowa«««l8T Sess.
lance of ihe provision to htm would add to their
anxiety to press the motion, that they might force
him and others, who held similar opinions, to rote
against the whole measure. Such he knew to be
ihe condition of the honorable mover of the amend-
ment He was conscientiously opposed to the bill
ia any shape; and iis defeat is the object of his mo-
tion. This was fair, and gave no ground of com-
plaint. Any fair and open and manly opposition
he had a right to practise; indeed, wnh his opi-
nion?, it was his duty to practise, and such was his
present proposition for amendment.
To those, however, who were the friends of this
road, who de.ired appropriations for it, he felt that
be had a right to appeal with success upon this
question. To them the pledge of this fund could
not be objectionable, even if they did not consider
it any longer useful. It could do no harm, if it
was of no substantial service to the Treasury, and
they certainly would indulge ibose who consider it
essential, so long as they ask n< thing mere than
what is looked upon as a nugatory provision.
They will not bang the fate of ihe bill into jeopar-
dy, rather than not discharge it from what they
consider, at the worst, but harm'ess surplusage,
and that, too, after they know that others, equally
friendly, consider the provision proposed to be
str cVen out, one of es eniial, of vital inopoitance.
He must be permitted to believe, therefore, that
however far he may have fallen short of producing
conviction upon the minds of either the tors or the
ft lends of the measure, as to the ímpoi tance of re-
taining the pledge of this two per cent, fund, the
simpe information that be and others so held it,
would induce every friend to the Cumberland road
to vote against the proposed amendment.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama claimed ihe indulgence
of the Sena e, that he might reply to some of the
temaiks which had fallen from the Senator from
New York. He said the Senator from New Yoik,
[Mr. WaioHT] with that adroitness for which he
was distinguished in debate, had called the attention
of the Sena'e to other conditions  contained in the
act of March 3d, 1837, than that which had been
the thief subject of his (Mr. Cs) remarks, in the
previous part of this discussion, the benefit of which
he said would be lost if the amendment prevailed.
Seizing upon those other conditions and limitations
which no one, who had before participated in the
debate, had deemed of sufficient importance to be
noticed, the Senator had apparently endeavored to
deter other gentlemen from supporting the amend-
ment, by remarking with portentous solemnity, that
it went much farther than the mover (Mr. C ) or
others supposed. Mr. C. said, so far as related to
himself, the Senator from New York was wholly
mistaken—he knew perfectly all the conditions and
limitations in the act referred to, and he presumed
other gentlemen were nut so uninformed as seemed
to be suppoted. He said the difficulty, surges ed
by the gent'emaa, w« not so embarrassing or
formidable as he seemed to imagine, as he would
presently show.
Mr. C. said the most obnoxious condition in the
act of March 3, 1837, proposed to be revived and
continued by that portion of the bill which he had
meved to strike out, was that which held ont to the
President and the country the false idea and delu-
sive hope that the amount appropriated was to be
replaced by the said States respectively, out of the
fund reserved to each for laying out and making
roads, under the direction of Congress, when no
Senator had asserted, or could asseit, that any such
fund existed, or ever would exist.   The Senator
from New York himself, bad distinctly admitted,
with his usual candor, that the whole two percent,
fund which had accrued, or ever could accrue, on
the sale of lands in the four States of Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, and Missouri, was already exhausted. Mr.
C. said a knowledge of this fact, and a repugnance
to see a bill passed through the Senate, containing
a promise of reimbursement from a mere fictitious
foud, and of course deceptive and fraudulent, had
induced him, as be had before explained, to move
to strike it eat.   If an individual were to draw a
bill of exchange, or check, in favor of another per-
son, on a banker with whom he bad no funds depo- I
sited, and with no pledge that it should be accepted
or paid, it would be held dishonorable.   The pre- j
Cumberland Road—Mr. Clay of Ma.
lence that the General Government was to be reim-
bursed the amount of this appropriation, when we
knew it could not, he said wax, in principle, the
samewih the case he had supposed. We were
taking the money of the people, and, to reimburse
them, drawing in their lavor on a fund upon which
we know we have already overdrawn. He ap-
pealed to Senators to say whether such a course
was compatible with the fairness, candor, and dig-
nity, which should ever be manifest in the proeeed-
iigs of this body
But, sir, said Mr. C. what are the other condi-
tions, limitations, and restrictions of the act of '37,
referred to in the clame embraced by my motien"?
They are, "that the said road, within the State of
Illinois, shall not be stoned or gravelled, unless it
can be done at a cost not greater than the average
cost of stoning or gravelling said road within the
States of Ohio and Indiana;" anl' that in a1 leases
when it can te done, it thall be the duty of the su-
perintending officers to cause the woik on said
road to be laid off in sections, and let out to 'he
lowest substantial bidder, after due notice." The
act also contains a further provis on, "ihat the se-
cond section of an act for the continuation of the
Cumberland road in the State* of Ohio. Indiana,
and Illinois, approve! the 2d of July, 1836, shall
not be applicable to expenditutej hereafter to be
nude on said road." Now, sir, sa d Mr. C. the e
several provisions may be necessary and impor-
tant, and I have no objection wha'ever to them, if
the bill should pass. N i'her of them coinés in
collision with my object; and I am perfectly will-
ing, if the money is to be appnpnated, that it
shall be applied under all those restrictions, and
any o hers the Senate may deem salutary. Mr. C.
said, if his amendment prevailed, a part of the bill
would merely be stricken out; and how easy would
it te, if the other provisions brought to the atten-
tion of the Senate wt re recessary, to have them
inserted. This seemed to him to obviate the sup-
posed difficulty entirely; and nope would co-
operate with the Senator from New York in effec-
tuating that object more cordially than himsi'f.
After my motion prevail*, said Mr. C. and the ob-
noxous clause is stricken out, let him move to fill
the blank with the restrictions ana conditions al-
luded to, and he will encounter no opposition.
Mr. C. said, the Senator fiom New York had
again brought to the attention of the Sena'e the
several compacts between the Uni ed States and
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois which had been so of-
ten read or referred to in the course of this debate.
He would not again read them, or pursue very
closely the Senator's {comments upon thern. He
certainly had not given any new views upon their
proper construction, nor had he proved that, by the
terms of those compacts, the General Government
was bound to give those Sta'es more than the
amount of the two per cent, of the nett proceeds
of the public lands sold in each after their admis-
sion into the Union. On the contrary, he under-
stood the Senator from New York to admit, dis-
tinctly, that we were bound for no more by those
compacts, for laying out roadf leading to the seve-
ral States; and that the fund reserved for ihat pur-
pose had long since been entirely exhausted.
But, Mr. C. said, the Senator had dwelt with
much emphasis upon the surrender of those States,
of the right to tax the lands of the United States,
until five years after the day of sa'e. Mr C. said,
he was not accastomed to deny that such surrender
of one of the rights of sovereignty by the new
States (for the same had been required of, and as-
sented to, by all ol them) was a great sacrifice;
nor should he on this occasion. It was true that
the General Government had offered, and given to
the new Stales, in exchange, and on the condition
tbey would yield this right of taxing the public do-
main, until five years after its sale, the section
numbered sixteen in every township, for the use of
schools; the salt springs within them, with certain
portions of the public land to aid in the use of
working the same; three per cent, of the nett pro-
ceeds of public lands for making roads or canals
m the States, and two per cent, for roads leading
to them; two entire townships of land for the en-
dowment and support of a seminary of lemming
besides land for seats of the State Governments;
Senate.
but it was very questionable  whether all thee to-
gether would furnish  an equivalent for the sur-
render of that single great   right of  sovereignty.
Yet, he said, the new States had assented to these
condition*, and  made the several compacts, and
were bound  by  them, however hard tney might
operate where the public land remained  long un-
sold.    But he   thought it was not just or proper
that three or four of those new Siates should be the
continual   and exclusive recipients of the national
bounty and munificence.    It the General Govern-
ment had not been liberal enough to the new S ate<;—
and Mr. C. frankly believed it had not, especally
in refusing to graduate and reduce the pnce of ihe
I  inferior qualities of land, in consequence of which
I   they had not been sold for many years, and never
j   wou'd—let the Senator from New York bring in
i    a bi 1 to make up for all deficiencies, and pUcing
I    all on an  equal footing.    Let Alabama, Missts-
I    sippi, Louisiana, Aikaisas, and Michigan, first be
placed on an equality with the  other four new
Siates, by expending for ih-ir benefit as many mil-
lion* of dollars, as had been  literally piured out
,  of the  Treasury on the  Cumberland road; and
let  your liberality be  apportioned amongst the
several States, in proportion to the amount which
each has paid into the Treasury for public  lands,
1    and we shall have le«s cause to complain of injus-
tice in your exeicise of unauihonzel power.
'       But the Sena'or has made the remarkable dis-
covery that the first bill, wh.ch ever appropriated
money f< r tie Cumberland road, was approved by
Mr.|Jefferson, and that even that anticipated the
accraement of the two per cent. fund.    He then
goes through the various   bills  making applana-
tions for this road, all of which, except one, an-
ticipated the fund, an i contained a clause for re-
imbursement out of it.    The excepted bill, which
wanted this clause, Was approved by President
Jackson; but the Senator does that distinguished
patriot the justice to say that he alluded to it after-
ward*, and said the want of the reimbursing clause
had escaped his attention, in the hurry of business,
perhaps on the last night of the session, or he should
have withheld his approval.
So it would have been, said Mr. C. with the long
list of bills making appropriations for  the same
road, which the gentleman paraded befqje the Se-
nate as having been  approved by the same dutftl-
1   gushed Chiet Magistrate, if they had wanted  the
clause promising reimbursement.   And so, he said,
it would doubtless be with the  present Chief Ma-
gistrate, if a bill were to pass far the same object,
and be presented without such a clause; he, too,
i  professing the same views of constitutional power,
i   would feel bound to return it with his  veto.    To
'   avoid this result, shall we send him a bill masked
in fraud'!    Shall we send it to him, with the asser-
tion on its face that the money "shall be replaced
by  the States respectively," out of a fnnd which
i   has long cea«ed to exist?
i Mr. C. contended that nothing favorable to the
general power of making appropriations by this
Government, for the construction of roa'ds or, ca-
nals within the limits of the States, was to be in-
ferred from Mr. Jefferson's approval of the bills
which had been alluded to by the Senator from
New York for the construction of the Cumberland
road. That venerated man never gave an «pi-
nion that any delegated power of the kind
was to be found in the Constitution; all his prin-
ciples were opposed to such a doctrine. The
only provision of the Constitution, to which such a
power could be considered incidental, Mr. C. said
was to be found in the last paragraph of the 3d sec-
| lion of the 4th article, which declared: "the Congress
shall have power to dispose of, and make all
I needful rules and regulations respecting the territory
or other property belonging to tha United States."
This, with the exemption of the domain of the
Uni ed States from taxation, justified the clause to
be found in each of the compacts with the new
States, upon their admission—that 5 per cent, of ihe
nett proceeds of the public lands, afterwards sold,
j should be applied toward making roads within, and
leading to, the States. It is very obvious that the
construction of such roads would encourage and
facilitate emigration, and accelerate the sale of the
I j public domain; it might almost be regarded as
