Mir.'1*10.
26th Cong.....«1st Sess.
AFPfiNDHt TO TOE CÓNGÍIÉSSxOKAL GlOilE.
325
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Habbard.
Senate.
This bill is called for at this limé not for the rea-
son that the ordinary means coming into the Trea-
sury will not be sufficient to meet the ordinary ex-
penditures, but for the reason that the expendi-
tures have beeu extraordinary in the mouth of
March, and will be unusually large in April and
May. The statement from the Secretary shows
for what pnrposes the expenditures  have been made
up to this time. It is known also that there is now
outstanding Treasury notes amounting to a million
and a half of dollars. This sum must be paid in
April and May. These considerations sheuld in-
duce the Senate now to concur wiih the House in
the pissaje of this bill. It is a fact known to him.
that the Departments have been * ithout pay for
the last qoaner, that our judges are without their
quarter yearly salaries; our courts without the ne-
cessary means íor lheir support.
It is true that the current appropriation bills have
not passed the House, and owing to that circum-
stance ihe Treasury Department has been enabled
hitherto to sustain the credit of   the Government.
And all he had to say in conclusion was, that he
hoped the Senate would c -operate with  him in
now passicg the bill before us.    It is a measure
called for by every consiJeration of public justice;
by every feeling of patriotism; by the unavoidable
expenditures of the Treasury Department which
have recently taken place, and which are in pros-
pect.   It is not to be regarded as a permanent mea-
sure, but merely to afford that temporary aid and
relief which an extraordinary expenditure of pub-
lic money m the recent payment ot pensions and in
the extinguishment of a large portion of the public
debt, has occasioned.    He írusted, then, he should
~ñná the  Senate prepared   to carry this  measure
through without delay.
Aiter some remarks   from Mr.  WEBSTER,
Mr. HUBBARD said:
Mr. Prísibent: I rejoice that the Senator from
Massacbusets concurs with me in bpinu n that this
bill ought to pass.    I antic pa ted such an avowal,
as  we are boh members of the Committee on
Finance, and of conree presumed to be acqua'nted
witti the present financial conditioh of the Go-
vernment; and  he, as well  a* myself, could not
doubt, from what has been communicated to that
committee, that the prrs-nt wants and necessities
of the Treasury called for the immediate passage
«f the bill before n«.   Tms fact was well known
to me;  and the knowledge   of   this   fact   must
have led the  honorable Senator to declare that
he should make no opposition to this measure.
In this, then, we a? ee: that the amount specified in
this bill, at least, Congress is now bound to provide
for the use of the Government.   We also  agree
In another fact: that this bill is nothing more nor
less than giving authority to the Administration
to contract a loan upon the credit of the Govern-
ment for five millions of dollars.   I stated in my
opening remarks, and I now repeat, that this bill
can be su'tamed upon no other pnncip'e than as
a loan.   Under ihat clause of the Constitution,
authorizing Corgress "to borrow money upon the
credit of the United States," I have heretofore de-
fended measures similar to the bill under considera-
tion.    Under that same constitutional provision
alone, I now sustain and defend this measu'e.    I
regard it as a loan, and nothing but a loan.    It is
of no earthly importance what are the peculiar
terms of ihe bill, or what are it* general provisions.
The ebjeee is clearly set forth in the act of October,
1837; which act the bill before us seeks to revive;
and, as I said when up before, that, from beginn ng
to end, that act gave authority to contract a debt of
ten millions ot cellars;  to borrow that sum upon
the faith of the United States; to i<sue, in the form
©f Treasnry notes of the denomination of fifty dol-
lars and upwards, as the evidences of this debt, and
pledged thefaith of the United States for its ultimate
redemption and payment.   The present bill is sub-
stantially the same; of itself it contains no impor-
tant provisions; it le enacts merely the law of 1837.
True it is, that it proposes to borrow only five
millions of dollars; but, in all other e*s«ntial par-
ticulars, it is hke, and is to be determined by, the
act of 1837, and the subsequent acts of Congress
upon this subject.   With the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, Hen, I entirely concur that this bill is
merely a proposition for a loan; and.notwiihstanding
the character which has been formerly given on this
floor to kindred measures, and ihe character which
has been given elsewhere to this very measure,
notwithstanding it has been violently assailed as a
Government Bank, that it cinferred the po>ver to
issue Government paper, and that that paper was
designed to enter into the circulation of the country
as money.     Notwithstanding these attacks upon,
and these objections to the bill, I cannot but regard
them all as without foundation.   I have endeavored
to examine well this whole matter; I have, with
much care, looked into the former legislation of
Congress, and I have come to the conclusion that
such attacks were wholly unwarranted; that such
objections were wholly unsustamed; and I have not
been able to come to any different result than the
one expressed by the Senator from Massachusetts,
that the bill gave authority to contract a loan for
the use of the Government.     All its other provi-
sions were but mere details to carry into effect the
object in view.    I not only regard the measure be-
fore us as a proposition for a loan, but I regard the
mode and manner of contracting this loan with
great favor.   It comes «¡trongly recommended to
my mind.   I have r< fleeted much upon the objec-
tions which have,4ime and agam.been urged against
this pait cular mode of making a loan, and 1 must
say that it is, in my judgment, greatly to be pre-
ferred to the asnal and  customary mode of con-
tracting loans by the Government.    The mode
pointed out in the bill upon the table avods all the
delays neces«an]y incident to the other.   There
are no public advertisement*;  no circumlocution;
no opening of books for subscription to the loan; no
carrying our wants abroad; no humiliating appeal
to the moneyed power of Europe; no seeking ac-
commodat'ons from the bankers of England, Hol-
land, or France—all this is avoided     The amount
wante I is named in ihe bill, the Treasury notes or
certiGca'es of debt are at once issued of every de-
nomination of fifty and exceeding fiiiy dollars, and
an appeal i* at once made by our own Government
to the subjects of that Government.    Every indivi-
dual of the community hss the opportun ty of ci n-
tnbuting to iis m I and relief.     Experience has al-
ready shown that this mode of negotiating tempo-
rary loans has been most successful.    The local
institutions of the States; tndiv duals in the interior
sections of the  country,  as well as  the   capi-
talists   of   oír   cities,     have,    with    alacrity,
come    to    the    rdi'f    of    the     Government
with a strong and controlling feeling of patriotism;
they have advanced thdr means as the exigencies
of thfir countrv denand^d    It is for such cjnside-
rations that I have an abiding predilection for this
mode of negotiating and perfecting a loan.    In
time of peace, in my judgment, it should be inva-
riably adop'ed.   As unforeseen and uninticipated
expendi'ures may bi necessary, as deficiencies in
the Treasury may arñe, as there may be for a
time a want of immediate means to carry on the
operations of the Government, and to sustain the
public faith, in all such events, I  would resort to
this mode of pledging the publ c credit, in prefe-
rence to other*, tn ordpr to relieve the Treasury
from such temporary embarrassments.   In no point
of view, therefore, is this mode of ra'S'ng money
for public purposes objectionable, in my judgment.
I would invanab'y resort to it to m*et fcuch an ex-
igency as now exists, to afford that temporary aid
wlrch the condition of the Treasury at this time so
imperiously requires.    The e are my views.  They
have been formed after a full consideration of the
act of October,  1837.    I gave that measure my
support.    I gave to the acti of May, 1838, and of
March, 1839, my support.   I shall give to this bi'l
my support.
I do not purpose, Mr. President, to follow the
Senator in many of the remarks which he has sub-
mitted, having no immediate connection, as I can
see, with the bill before us. The Senator has,
however, gone into a full examination of the pre-
sent condition ot ihe Treasury, and its past, pre-
sent, and prospective means, its past, present, and
prospective expenditures. I will give to thu part
of the Senator's remarks some notice. The Sena-
tor has adverted to the tariff as it now exists, and
to such a modification of the tariff as he would de-
sire to have et.tab'ished. He has told us that h.3
would, for ihe purpose of supplying the Treasury
with available means, impose at once a duty upon
silks. He has informed us of the gross amount of
the importation of that article for the last year, and.
has deduced from that fact thai even a moderate
duty would bring millions annually into the Trea-
sury. I agree to all this, and ¿hall be as ready as
that Senator, or as any other, so to regulate at once
the tariff, as to impose duties on all luxuries now
exempt from duty. I may add silks, as a luxury,
are a most legitimate object for an impost duty,
and I feel myse'f bound by no pretended conip'o-
mise. But on this point the gentlemen upon the
other side do not concur in opinion. Sir, I well
remember that a most distinguished advocate ot
a protective tariff—a political friend of the Sena-
tor, on a certain occasion, contended, according to
my best recollection, that this very article should
come in free of duly, to enable the wives and
daughters of our induf trious farmers to dress them-
selves in silks on public occasions. But 1 go wiih
the Senator from Massachusetts for the duty; and
whenever a bill shall come from the other Hous ,
where such measures musí orisinate, I will follow
the lead of the Senator as far as he has indicated,
with this qualification, my object will be to regu-
late a tariff of dunes for the purpose of reve-
nue, and for the purpose of revenue a'one,
and if protection shall incden'ally be afford-
ed, so be it; but I go not for a tariff looking to pro-
tection; against such a po'icy I enter now my en-
tire and unqualified dissent. Revenue, and reve-
nue alone must be the great object of any tariff of
duties which can receive my aid. I will go w th
the Senator, als >, to keep the duty off from tea and
coffee. These articles are of sucia universal u*e—
en'er so largely into the consumption of the poorer
clashes of the community—that I Uok upon them,
as they are looked up^n by ihose very cla°s*s, as
necessaries of life. While a member of ihe other
Hou e, I win1 to repeal the duties on tea and cof-
fe?, and to reduce the duty on salt. The same
considerations which induced ihe one act induced all;
and whenever a proper occasion shall come, I shall
be ready to go with my worihy friend upon my
left, [Mr Bintok] to repeal the remaining duty
en salt. I regard this artice as an indispensable
necessary of life. I would have it come to us as
free from duty as the air we breathe, or the water
we drmk.
[Mr Benton here signified his satisfaction with
the last remarks ]
But, Mr. Pre. id*nt, my friend from Missouri
must hut infer thai I am prepared to go with him
for the repeal of the fishing bounties, or the allow.
anees given to our fishing vessels. I am not pre-
pare! at this time of day to support to that extent
the projf ct of the Senator from Missouri. I hope
that when ihat subject shall come before the Senate,
that I shall be prepared to show that other and im-
portant considerations induced this system of boun-
t es and allowance than the mere amount of foreign
silt u.*ed by the fi-hermen.
I have said, Mr. President, that I was in favor
of this bill, and in favor of this mode of obtaining
money for the use of ihe Government. I have
,'a'd that, for temporary purposes, to relieve the
Treasury from some sudden and unlooked for em-
barrassment, this manner of procuring money up-
on the public credit was altogether desirable. If
the question was a loan of long continuance, I
might think differently. But with reference to this
particular bill, it meets with my entire approba-
tion. I do not agree, however, that this measure
is to borrow five millions of dollars for the period
of two years. It is true, that the Secretary of the
Treasury may, on the last day of the pa>t ) ear, if
there are no certificates outstanding, make a new
i sue of the whole amount for one year. But the
bill itself is limited to a single year, and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is bound to red«em within
a less time, if the means of the department will en-
able him to do it on giving sixty days' notice.
I have no fears then that this loan is to be fastened
upon the Government for the term of two jean
In the nature of things, it appears to me that sach
a scheme could not be accomplished. I have fnll
faith in the head of the Treasury Department, and
