S26                                            APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.    "                           Mar. 1840.
26th Cong*•••1st Sess.
experience will show that he has not over-estimated
h s means, and that even before the expiration of
one year, mo^tof the note? will be redeemed, and
redeemed with the means wi hin the control of
that Department—and if the Secretary has not erred
in his estimate of the receipts into the Treasury
for the current year; if he has not fixed too high his
available mean-; and if Congress shall keep the ap-
propriations within the estimates, instead of there
being any occasion for the issue of Treasury notes
at the end of the first year to, snstain the credit of
the country, there will then be in the Treasury,
subject to «(raft, over a million of dollars. What
earthly reason, then, could possibly induce the Secre-
tary to issue five millions of dollars at the close of
the present year? I know of none—and I believe
it would be difficult toconceive of any,consistent with
the known integrity of that officer. Let the bill
pass, and my word for it the five millions will find
their way back to the Treasury Department bafore
the expiration of a single year, should peace re-
main within our bordéis, and no unusual or extra- ,
ornmary appropriation cf the public money be ''<
called for.                                                                ' |
The Sena'or from Massachusetts has remarked ''•
upon the estimate cf means and expenditures as
contained in ihe Secretary's annual report on the
finances; and from  the course of   his argument j
I infer ihv, 'in bis opinion,  that officer has over-
estmated the one, and underestimated  the other;  '
and that, instead of there being in the Treasury on
'he fir-.t of January, 1841, a million of dol'ars,
that  there  will  be  a deficit; and  that  even the
amount intended to be raised by the bill before us,
will prove insufficient to cover that deficit; that at
the commencement of the Administration of 1841,
the Government will find itself involved in a na-
tional debt of millions. This may be so. The esti-
mated means may not prove available.    In that
event, no blame could be impu'ed to the Treasury
Department, or to iheGeneral Administration. The
expenditures may go far beyond the estimates.    In
that event, no blame could be imputed to the Admi-
nistration.   Congress itself is alone responsible for
the public expenditures.    The Secretary of the
Treasury has nothing to do with the public appro-
priations; he submits to Congress an estimate of
the expenditures required for the year; he makes
known the means at bis command, and the charac-
tf-r of those means.   If Congress make appropria-
tions in disregard of his estimate of expenditures,
or if the means on which he relies should fail him,
it would indeed be true, that an entirely different
result would follow from such a state of things,
than that sta'ed in the annual report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.   But, Mr. President, ihe*e
is no mystery in this whole matter; that statement
is made wiih great precision and clearness; it dis-
closes ihe means of the Department, the character
and source of those means; it exhibits the expen-
ditures required; and unless the Government should
have some   collision   with England-Sunless our
couniry should become involved in war—it is idle
to talk of a public debt being fastened upon us at
the commencement of another year.     No such
event will or can take place, unless our existing
controversies with Great Britain should involve us
in war; of which I admit there is some probability:
and I would rather have it come, with all its evils,
than to see a rood of our soil surrendered, or the
honor of our country compromitted.
Is there any probability that the Secretary will
not realize all the means he has estimated? Is there
any doubt that the receipts into the Treasury dur-
ing the course of the present y*ar, from all sources,
will amount, in the aggregate, to $20,000,600?
Will he not realize fitteen milions from cus-
toms? Will he not receive three millions from the
sale of the public lands? This estimate of receipts
wa made at the commencement of the quarter
end ng on the last of December. He then told us
that there wonld be in the Treasury, on the first of
January, 1840, a million and a half of dollars. Has
not his estimate been exceeded? Dees it not
distinctly appear, from a communication he read to
the Senate when he was op before, that the balance
in the Treasury, instead of a million and a half,
was two millions and two hundred thousand dol-
larj>7   He commences the year, then, with more
Treasury Note Bill—Mr, Hubbard.
means than he anticipated; and this excess beyond
the estimate m ust have been derived from imporis and
from land sales; it could not have in the main been
produced from payments on the debts due the Go-
vernment from the old deposite banks, for it distinctly
appears from the paper read, that from that source
the Secretary has received the sum of seven hundred
thousand dollars.   It follows, then, from this ex-
hibit, that seven hundred thousand dollars were re-
ceived into the Treasury in the last quarter of the
last year more than were anticipated.   It also re-
sults, from an examination of the same communi-
cation, that the receipts into the Treasury for the
first  quarter of the   present year have   exceed- n
ed   the   average   estimates   for   that   qaarter;
and if the coming   quarters   do   not   fall  short
it   will   be   found   that   the Secretary   has   not
overestimated his available means, arising either
from the customs or the lands.   It is true, the Bank
of the United States may not promptly pay the
sum falling due in September next; and it may so f
happen that the old deposite banks may not extin-
guish the balances against them; but this is not to
ee presumed; but should it so happen that the en-
tire indebtedness of these institutions should not be
cancelled, is there no way to supply the deficiency
which might thus be occasioned, without a resort to
a loan?   Yes, sir, there is a mode, and in my judg-
ment it is our bounden duty, by immediate legis-
lation, to adopt that mode, by correcting the judi-
cial constructions given to the tariff act of 1833,
in consequence of which, millions will be, without   ,
right, and against the intention of Congress, ab-   J
sracted from the Treasury.   Let there be prompt
legislation upon this subject.   Let the existing tariff
acts be fairly executed. Let them be carried into full
effect; and, as the Senator proposes, let there be even
a moderate duty now imposed on silks and other
luxuries, and we shall find from these sources an
accession to the available means of the Treasury
in the course of this very year, of at least three
millions of  dollars.   And why should not all ih's
be done, if the existing tariff laws have received
such  judicial  constructions as   to   deprive   the
Treasury of the pecuniary benefit which it was
designed they should afford.   Why not correct, by
an immediate declaratory act, the evil?   It in no
way affec's the compromise bill; for it in truth
would be carrying out the true intent of that bill.
Why not impose the duty on silks?   Such a duty is
called for by every consideration.   I would then,
without delay, afford to the Department all the aid
which would result from such   legislation;   and
from a document I have seen, coming from the
head of that Department, if this be done, then,
without any interference with  compromises, we
should, without doubt, add to our means at least
the sum I have before named. But there is another
source of revenue which may come in aid of the
Treasury.    Should the graduation bill at this ses-
sion become the law of the land, the effect would
be to bring a million or two millions ol dollars
immediately into the Treasury from that source.
I am aware of the opinion that the strong friends
of this measure entertain on this point; but I deal
in no extravagances.  If that bill passes at the pre-
sent session, I firmly believe that within a year
from its passage, the Treasury will derive the aid
from that source which I have stated.   But even
if there should be no legislation of Congress with
reference to the judicial construction of the tariff
act of 1833; if tiler  should be no duty imposed
on silks; if there shou'd be no graduation bill
passed; yet I have full confidence that the Secre-
tary will be able to count on the means he has
mentioned.   If so, all will end well.    I have, Mr.
President,   since    the    committee   assigned   to
me the dffenceof the bill before us, endeavored
to ascertain what has been the action of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of the other House
with reference to the public appropriation bills;
and I am  most happy to say that they have been
reported to the House, and that they will be found
to be within the estimates; in truth, it will be seen
that a less sum in the aggregate has been reported
in the general appropriation bills than was estimated.
If, then, there is to be no material deficiency in
means, as the experience of the quarter just ended
evinces; if there is to be no appropriation materi-
Senate.
ally exceeding the estimates of expenditures, as the
bills whirh. have already been reported to the
other House show, then it follows ihat, instead of
being in debt at the end of the year, we shall have
in the Treasury an available balance, excerding a
million of dollars. Instead of the five millions of
Treasury notes remaining unpaid, we shall find
that the fidelity and perseverance of the head of the
Department, before the coming in of another Admi-
nistration, will have extinguished every such certi-
ficate of public debt.
Whatever may be the sentiments of others, I
have read with much satisfaction the Secretary's
annual report upon the finances. I have disco-
vered, in the perusal of that document, the lead-
ing purpose of that public officer—to take no
more money from the people than is wanted for
the use of the Government. I admire his estimate
of means and expenditures, and the result of these
estimates as exhibited in his report. There will
be a million of dollars in the Treasury after meet-
ing all the public expenditures mdispensab'y ne-
cessary. This is a* it should be. Why or where-
fore should money in taxes, direct or indirect, be
drawn from the pockets of the people, more than is
required for an economical administration of our
Government? Why should the balancs-sheet show
millions upon millions in the Treasury at the com-
mencement of every yeai? Why shall this be
done, unless for ihe purpose of hoarding up the
money unnecessarily abstracted from the people?
I know that this practice was condemned by those
who opposed the passage of the Independent Trea-
sury bill; and in the perusal of the Secretary's rf-
pon, I have seen that this Administration can be
in no sense obnoxious to any such charge.
Another benefit results from every such expose of
our financial affairs; it teaches economy; it pre-
vents useless and extravagant appropriations; it
leads Congress to husband their means, and look
well to their expenditures. And while I frankly
avow the satisfaction I experienced in the perusal
of this report of tha Secretary, I believe that I do
not mistake public opinion, when I add that the
tax payers of the whole country will give to it their
unqualified approbation."
The honorable Senator has given us a statement
of the expenditures of the Government for the last
three years. He has referred to the deposite act
of 1836; to the obligations under that act to depo-
site with the States what should be in the National
Treasury on the first of January, 1837, after de-
ducting therefrom the sum of five millions of dol-
lars. He has informed us that the Administration
has failed to deposite the last instalment with the
States, as required by the act of June, 1836; and
that this sum of nine millions went—with the five
millions reserved for public use in the Treasury on
the first of January, 1837, with what had beeneol-
leced from the Ban¿ cf the United States with n
the last three years—to swell the extraordinary
means of the Government to twenty millions of
dollars at least.
I wr-h to offer a word or two in relation to this
matter, although it seems co have no very direct
connection with the Treasury "Note bill. It has,
Mr. President, heretof jre beea urged that the States
had a right to this nine millions of dollars; that the
Government was bound to make a deposite with
tha States of the entire amount in the Treasury on
the first of January, 1837, after the deduction of
the five millions; that it was due to the States, and
due to the States from the General Government.
Against these positions I entirely dissent. The
money was the property of the United States, and
not of the individual States; and when and where
deposited was for the benefit and to the credit and
on account of the former; and in the event of any
pecuniary embarrassment occurring after the pas-
sage of the deposite act, if the Administration had
continued to withdraw the public moneys from the
public Treasury and deposite them with the States
it wonld have been false to its trust, and wonld
have justly merited the condemnation of the Ame-
rican people. I admit that ¡he Secretary of the
Treasury did not, under the act of 1836, deposite
with th<  States the lavt quarter of the amount on
band, January 1,1837; and why and wherefore
was this? is not the reason known and, well undfr 
