S*8                                         APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                             Map. 1840.
.....                                     iii           i—                 ■ ■■ "   ■                                —                      —                                                                                                                                   i,                 Tfimi        m        tlm        ■-------                 -                  ...          .
26th Conq.. .1st Skss_____________________    Trtasury Note Bill—Mr. Benton.                                                                 Senate.
credit of the Treasurer, for which Treasury notes
at the same rate of interest, shall be received," and
this is done; and with the assent of the same credi-
tor, be takes a draft direct upon this Bank of
America, in payment of his claim. Would there
be the least difference in thewcharge upon the Trea-
sury] The public creditor would be paid in both
cases. His debt would, in the one case, be satis-
fied by a Trea«ury note, sent directly to him—in
the other case, a Treasury note would be sent to a
holder of specie, and the claim would be paid by a
draft apon that fund. In both cases the roll of
interest would be the same, and the charge upon
the Treasury the same. The Senator re-ides in
cne of our Northern cities, where such negotiation*
have been made, and made with an institution with
which he, as well as myself, have some acquaint-
ance; and, my word for it, that the most minute ex-
amination of the contracts with the Merchant's
Bank at Boston, will show that the Government
has made no issue of Treasury notes in favor of
that bank, but for the accommodation of the Go-
vernment itself. I will say nothing more on this
matter, but merely advert t* the resolutions offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts himself, in re-
lation to this same subject, and to the answer made
to those resolutions by the Secretary, and by the
Treasurer. They give the true character to this
transaction; and by no ingenuity can it be per- '
verted. The idea that such an issue of Treasury
notes has ever been made to banks or individuals,
on the previous deposite of a like amount of specie,
but for the convenience of ihe Governments truly
"a humbug."                                                             i
Treasusy Department, March 2b, 1S40.
Sib. I have the honor to submit this report in compliance
With a resolution of the Senate, passed 23d instant, m the follow-
ing word :
Retolied, That the Secretary of the Treasury inform the I
Senate what proportion of Treasury notes, issued under the au-
thority of the act of October 12,1S37, and subsequent acts, has
been paid to public creditors of the United States, in discharge
of their claims, and what proportion has been used for the pur-
pose of borrowing money fiom the banks or individuals; to-
gether with a statement of the rates of interest borne by the
notes of the several issues, respectively.
"And that he also inform the Senate whether Treasury notes,
bearing interest, have been deposited in banks for the purpose
of raising a credit to be drawn against by the Treasury Depart-
ment; and if any such deposites have been made, to state the
dates and amounts thereof, and the dates and sums of the drafts
made thereon "
In answer to the first inquiiy, I transmit herewith a statement
prepared by the Treasurer, showing the rates of interest and the
proportions—whether in exchange for specie or m payments of
the issues of Treasury notes under the authority of the act of the
12th of October, 1837, and subsequent acts, as requited by the
resolution.
In reply to the other inquiry, I would observe, trjat no Treasury
notes, issued under the authority of either of the acts mentioned,
have been deposited in banks by this Department or by its sanc-
tion, <br the purpose of raising a credit, to be drawn against by
the Department. But, to facilitate the exchange oí specie for
Treasury notes, without the delay and expense of transporting
it to this city, and/then carrying it back for expenditure, nume-
rous individuals and corporations have been permitted to place
specie in special deposite lo the credit of the Treasurer in cer-
tain specified banks; and Treasury notes, to a corresponding
amount, have been afterward, and not till then, issued in their
favor upon the certificates of deposite, as shown by the Trea-
surer's accompanying statement.
•It may be proper to add, that, by pursuing this course, many
risks have been avoided, as well as the pay ment of any commis-
sions to bankers or brokers for selling the notes, and, at the
same time, the disposal of any of them by the Government, ex-
cept at par; and for any thing except specie or its equivalent,
has been effectually prevented.   Respectfully,
*^                    LEVI WOODBURY,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. It- M. Johnson.
Vice President of the United States,
and President of the Senate.
1st. #169,673 93
2d. 176 510 51
3d.   1,822,147 13
Outstanding,            «2,167,23167   26th February, 1840.
Ho.                      2,208,263 67   1st          do.      do.
•41,032 00   Redeemed in Feb.
FiMCAitY 26,1S40.
And since that time, the amount of Treasury
notes has been redeemed to that extent; that accord-
ing to a statement from the Treasury Department,
which 1 read to the Senate when up before, ihere
will not be. after the first of Aprd, over a million
aad a quarter unredeemed. In a little more than
two years, then, the Department has taken up
nearly the whole amount of the nineteen and a
half millions of the Treasury notes issued under
the different acts ef Congress. I infer from these
facts, that there exists a disposition faithfully to
apply the means of the Government not only for
its proper support, but also to relieve it from its
indebtedness.
There is another fact referred to by the Senator,
which I feel bound to notice. The Secretary of the
Treasury, it has been said, has issued portions of
these notes, at different times, for the purpose of
depositing with certain local banks in this country;
and the tair inference ful'owmg from such a state-
ment, must be, that such deposites were made
for the accommodation of the banks. There is no
public officer connected with the Government, who
receives so frequently from the Opposition charges
of dereliction of official doty. He certainly can
be no favorite of iheirs. On all occasions, he
seems to be .«elected as the object upon which was
to be spent the whole venom of his political adver-
saries. He has been accused of a'mo-t every thing;
but he must have the proud consciousness that
these charges, be they what they may, have in no
respect degraded him in the estimation of the
Amencan peopl*. Unaffected and uninfluenced
by the attacks of his enemies, he has gene on
seadily and faithfully to do his duty, with all
fidelity to the Government, and win the approba-
tion of bis country. In relation to this particular
matter, adverted to by the Senator from Mas*a-
chusetts, I wish merely to say in reply, that I chal-
lenge the most rigid investigation into the official
conduct of the Secretary of the Treasury, under
the various acts of Congress authorizing the issue
of Treasury notes; and I hazard nothing in saying,
that in no one instance will it be found that he has
issued a Treasury note unless the exigencies or
convenience of the country, or the interests of the
public creditors, required it.
I hazard nothing in saying, that on no occa-
sion, or under any circumstances, has he is-
sued Treasury Botes for the purpose of being depo-
sited in banks, "but to facilítate the exchange of
specie for notes without the delay and expense of
transporting it to this city, and then carrying it back
for expenditure, to effect such an object." Specie
may have been placed in certain banks, and Trea-
sury notes to a corresponding amount may have
keen afterword, and noi lilt then, issued in favor of
such depositors. This is the sum and substance of
the connection the head of the Department has had
with hanking corporations in the execution of the
Treasury note acts—and this is all.
I would ask (he Senator how, in what way or man-
ner, the Government could suffer, in a pecuniary
point of view, by such an arrangement? If it so hap-
pens that one of the publiccreditors should reside at
New Orleans, and the Secretary, with tiv assent of
said creditor, should issue a Treasury note for a
hundred thousand dollars in payment of his claim,
and it is done, the note sent, drawing the rate of inte-
rest specified upon the face of it, from the moment it
leaves the Department, to perform  its destined
office.     The debt is cancelled—the  note is re-
ceived—it is endorsed to answer the purposes of
the creditor—it is sent to Baltimore—from thence
to New York, and there it is paid at the custom-
house for duties.   Prom thence it finds its way
back to the Treasury.   This, all will admit, is a
fair business transaction, an eveiy day occurrence;
but ins'eadofall thi«, suppose that the Bank of
America should say, or that some individual should
say to die Secretary, "one hundred thousand dol-
lars in specie sriall bs placed in the bank to the
Tebasürt of the United States,
March 24,1810.
gut. 1 have the honor to enclose a statement, prepared in an-
swer to a resolution adopted in the Senate of the United States
on the 23d instant, relative to Treasury notes, "issued under the
authority of the act of the 12th of October, 1837, and subsequent
acts," and referred by you to this office, for a report thereon.
None of the notes issued under the aforesaid acts have been de-
posited in bank for the purpose of raisins a credit to be drawn
against by the Treasury Department. Those issued on certifi-
cates of deposite, were issued in exchange for specie funds de-
posited In banks to the credit of the Treasurer, which funds
were drawn for in common with other funds, and not specifi-
cally.      I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
Your obedient sei vatit,
WILLIAM BELDEN,
Treasurer of the United States.
Don. Levi Woodsorv,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. President, I have now said all I wish to say
upon this bill. I am perfectly aware that much
of what I have said has no direct bearing upon, or
connection with, the bill before us; but such has
been the range of debate, I felt myself called upon
(little prepared as I was.) briefly to notice some of
the remarks of the Senator from Massachusetts. I
can entertain no fear for the fate of the measure.
The bill will pass, and I rejoice at it; and after
what has been said, I hope I shall receive the co-
operation, not only of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, but of other Senators in the Opposition, in
securing, without delay, the passage of this bill, so
essential to the public service, so important for the
preservation of the public credit.
Mr. BENTON regretted extremely that another
Treasury Note bill had been brought into Congress,
and the more so, as it was easy to make a loan to
supply the temporary deficiency in the Treasury.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his report, ask-
ing for a temporary supply, mentioned a loan, as
well as Treasury notes, a* the means of raising it;
and there was no doubt but that the Government
could easily borrow the amount in hard money,
which he (Mr. B.) greatly preferred to stamping
brts of paper.
Mr. B. said the Senate would remember his
repugnance to this mode of raising the supplies, as
manifested at the called session ot 1837, when this
resource was first recurred to under this Adminis-
tration; and again, when there was a second issue
of these notes at the last session. On the former
of these occasions, he .«-aid he bad spoken at large
on the subject; and would now, with the mdulgenoe
of the Senate, read a paragraph from the speech
which he then delivered.   It was in these words:
"I will now say a few words on the policy of issuing Treasury
notes in time of peace, oreven in time ol war, until the ordinary
resources of loans ard taxes had been tried and exhausted. 1 am
no friend to the issue of Treasury notes of any kind. As loans,
they are a disguised mode of borrowing, and easy to slide into a
currency; as a currency, it is the moat seductive, the most dan-
gerous, and the most liable to abuse, of all the descriptions ef
paper money. The stamping of paper (by Government) m an
operauon so much easier than the laying ol taxes, or of borrow-
ing money, that a Government in the habit of paper emissions
would rarely fail, in any emergency, to indulge itself in the em-
ployment of that resource, lo avoid, as much as possible, one
less auspicious to present popularity.' So said General Ha-
milton; and in that, all the fathers of the Republican church—
Jefferson, Madison, Macon, Randolph, and all the rest—con-
curred with him. These sagacious statesmen were sby of this
facile and seductive resource, so liable lo abuse, and so certain
of being abused They held it inadmissible to recur to it m
time of peace, and that it could only be thought of in time, of
war; and thai after exhausting the direct and responsible alter-
natives ofloansand taxes Bred in the school of these great mep,
I came here at this session to oppose, at all risks, an issu&n
Treasury notes. I preferred a loan, for many and cogent rea-
sons," &c.
Mr. B. said these were his opinions three years
ago, and all that had occurred since, had strength-
ened them—what was now occurring strengthened
them. This is three times in three years that we
have bad recourse to this description of paper. Is
it not proof of the danger sliding into the use of
Government paper money; the most seductive, the
¡nos idangcrous, and the most Liable to abuse of all
the descriptions of paper which can be issued?
Mr. B. did not propose to go into the subject of
Treasury notes at present: he contented himself
with recurring to his uniform dislike to them, and
hoped that he might never see another bill for their
i sue. He was against this bill; he would be still
more against a future one. He was perfectly cer-
tain that a loan of hard money might be made at
present; and he was equally confident that the
United States, by following the proper financial
system—by following the financial system of our
Constitution—could have gold and silver enough to
carry on any war with any power of the world,
without recourse to paper money, either State or
Federal.
Mr. B. did not join in the discussion of the
causes which made the present deficiency in the
Treasury. Gentlemen in the Opposition may as-
cribe the deficiency to what cause they-pleased.
To him it was clear that it was owing to three
causes: 1. The distribution of the surplus revenue
among the Sutes; 3. The failure of the old depo-
site banks (he meant a part of them qnly) to pay
up the amounts for which they got delay from Con-
gress in 1837 and '38, and the expected failure of
the Bank of the United States to pay the two and a
half millions which would be due from that institu-
tion before Congres* met again; and 3. The wretch-
ed enactments of ihe compromise act of 1833.
This act, concocted out of doors, and by gentlemen
who had no practical knowledge of manufactures,
