April, 1840.___________
26th Cong."  1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SSI
Cumberland Road—Mr. Smith.
Senate.
President, I- again, and earnestly ask, is this thing
to stop? Where is to be its terminus, or is it to be
interminable? Will gentlemen tell a ? I see a
bill laid upon our tables to authorize the President
(I think) to have marked out the boundaries, and
to take possession, of the Teritory of Oregon.
Thiak yon then that this road, if permitted thus
logo on, is to stop even at the base of the Rocky
mountains? Will it not cross over, or pass through,
those slight impediments, and then pursue with
fresh vigor its onward course through the delightful
plains of Oregon, to the bright shore of the great
Pacific Ocean. And what will there then be to pre-
vent its return to its native East, by a new and
circuitous route through other States? I, sir, for
one, amre?dy at this moment to stop the "pro-
gress of this evil;" and if we cannot "kill the
snake," let us "scotch it." I am against thi- bill,
Mr. President, because, in my soul and conscience,
I do not think we have power under the Constitu-
tion to pass it. I am against it, because I think, it
unjust, impolitic, and inexpedient to pass it; and if
it was both constitutional and expedient, I should
be against it, because of the present meagre state
of the Treasury and disturbed condition of the
coin try, both in its domestic and foreign re-
lations.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana said he had not intended
10 say any thing on the subject at this moment,
though, as a member of the committee that had re-
ported the bill, and coming from a State feeling
some interest in the question, he had supposed it
might become his duty to reply to the speeches of
tie gentlemen opposed to the measure before the
final vole was takes. The remarkable speech of
the Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Clay,] who had
just taken his seat, said Mr. S. will change my
original intention, and induce me now to submit
some remarks, in answer to the positions assumed
by that Senator', who seems to be among the most
¿alóos opponents of this measure, and I desire the
especial attention of that Senator to my remarks.
I wish to know whether I have misunderstood him,
for 1 assure him I desire to present his arguments
to the Senate fairly, and to answer them candidly.
Did I understand the Senator correctly as saying
that this road is local in its character, because it
does not point to Mobile or New Orleans?
[Mr. Clay of Alabama here rose and said he did
not place its unconstitutionality on that ground, but
that it did not terminate either on the seaboard or
on the frontier.]
Then, sir, said Mr S. the constitutionality of a
work of this kind is to be tested by the point at
which it tesminates. This is a remarkable doc-
trine. As this road is to terminate at a point con-
necting itself with the great thoroughfare of com-
merce ia the Southwest, it is unconstitutional;
whereas, if it had connected with the frontier or the
Atlantic, it would have ceen constitutional.
[Mr. Cut of Alabama said he had contended
that the work was local, as it was confined to thiee
or foar States at most in its benefits.]
Not exactly so, Mr. President, said Mr. S. How
does the Senator make out his case? If you admit
his premises, he can make a very plausible speech.
Bat, are his premises correct? How does he make
out, in the first place, that the road is confined, in
its benefits, to only three or four States at most, in
order to make it unconstitutional? Why, sir, he
must sever the work at the Ohio river, and
take one end or the other of it—either the east-
em or the western section—and even then his po-
sition is untenable. But which end will he take?
not the eastern end, surely, tunning through Vir-
ginia, Pennsylvania, and Maryland; for that end
all admit to be constitutional. Mr. Jefferson said
so, and therefore he cannot mean the eastern divi-
sion; he must mean the western, running through
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri, and ultimate-
ly, I hope, through Arkansas. Then, sir, I am to
understand that the road in the contemplation of
the Senator, west cf the Ohio, is unconstitutional,
and east of the Ohio is constitutional. Do I under-
stand the Senator right in this particular?
[Mr. Clay again rose and said, he should
despair of making the Senator from Indiana under-
stand 4jm.   He bad contended for no such doc-
trine as that one end of the road was constitutional,
and the other end unconstitutional.]
Then, Mr. President, *aid Mr. S. how does the
Senator make out the work to be a local measure,
confined to three States, and at most to four; if he
gives us the benefit of the whole road, he must and
does know that the road, as located, extends from
Cumberland,  in the State of Maryland, to  St.
Charles, in the State of Missouri, running through
seven States, and that it is contemplated to con-
tinue it through the eighth.   What, then, becomes
of his local question?    He has referred to the veto
message of General Jackson on the Maysville road
bill.    I did not expect to hear that Senator refer to
that document, as he voted for that bill both before
and after the veto, as I understood him as admitting
to my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Young ]    But, sir,
let me once for all say to those who recognise the
doctrines of that veto message, here and elsewhere,
that, for one, I am entirely willing to test the ques-
tion before the Senate by the doctrines of that
document.   I mean, upon the question whether
this be a local or a national work.   Sir, if the Cum-
berland road is not a national work, where, in the
name of Heayen. can you find one; a work that
connects, as it were, two continents—the Atlantic
with the great valley of the Mississippi, crossing ihe
American Andes, and uniting the States and people
of the Republic by a chain that will remain for
ages a monument of the wisdom of our statesmen,
and which may, like the Appean way of Rome,
outlive the liberties of the country, and remain a
memento of oar nation a? she was in the pure days
of the Republic.
The Senator from Alabama is not the only Sena-
tor who has pointed to the western portion of the
road, from the river Ohio west, and argued that it
was local, and some have said almost useless, as
the Ohio river, they seem to suppose, answers all
the purposes of the road; at most, they say, that
portion of the road is only beneficial to the few
States through which it runs. These views are,
no doubt, honestly urged; but, sir, knowing some-
thing about this matter personally, I aver to you,
that if I were called upon this momeHt.by my vote,
to dispense with either end of ths work, I would
not hesitate a moment in selecting the eastern por-
tion from Wheeling to Cumberland; and for this
obvious reason—you have a number of avenues,
roads, and canals, from the Ohio river te the At-
lantic, besides the Cumberland road; when it
is a fact known to all, that there is but the single
thoroughfare for the whole travel, stages, mails,
and emigrants, west from the Ohio, running direct-
ly through these great States; nor could it be main-
tained, for a moment, that the Ohio river would
answer as a substitute for the road, even if it were
admitted that it was at alt times navigable, as the
road runs through the centre of the States, about
equidistant between the Ohio and the lakes, say at
an average of near one hundred miles from the
Ohio. Senators say that it is only beneficial to
four States,at most. This isa limite 1 and erroneous
view of the question. It is beneficial to the whole;
if it is not, what becomes of your break-water?, light-
houses, fortifications harbors, custom-houses, and
improved rivers. They are infinitely more local
than this work, and yet who ever thought of con-
fining their benefits to the particular State in which
they are located? Suppose, however, the benefits
of the road were confined to four States; is it no
object to construct it? These four States contain a
population greater than was contained in the Union
at the period of the Revolution. They have paid
into the National Treasury over #70,000,000 for
public lands alone, besides their equal proportion
of your imposts. And are they to have no return?
Are they to be ostracised by this new-born policy
of ihe present day?
I have, in my report, pointed to this work as a
great commercial road, and therefore national in
that point of view. Sir, I repeat it here, I am aware
of the new-fansled dor trine on this subject, but I
have read and listened in vain to the arguments
of gentlemen posscsing powers capable of illus-
trating any proposition with clearness and force,
with the single object of seeing or hearing some sa-
tisfactory solution of this matter, and I would now
like to bear some gentleman, who has made this
matter his study—and I see several in the Senate-
tell me why it is that you can constitutionally clear
out and improve, at the expense of the Govern-
ment, under the commercial power, Tar river, in
North Carolina, where the whole commerce may
consist of the passage, in a wood boat, of a few
barrels of tar or turpentine, and a return cargo of a
barrel or two of salt, when, under the same power,
ycu cannot construct or compete the Cumberland
road over which, in addition to the great mails,
(which are strangers at Tar river) there are more
actual commercial operations in one day than there
are on the river I have named in a year. I have
only selected that river as an illustration, as there
are innumerable cases equally strong; but I select
the North Carolina case, because both the Senators
from that State deny the consitutional power to
construct this work. Let Senators read me the
clause in the Constitution that relates to the regu-
lation of commerce carried on in (¡oats or vessels,
and excludes that carried in wagons. Can it be
possible that as soon as a box of goods leaves the
boat and enters a wagon, it changes its constitution-
al relations? Can that instrument be so read, wiih-
out doing violence to its provision ? I know that
construction will suit the seaboard, but it is not the
true reading of that charter, which was created for
the benefit of all, universal in its provisions, and
applicable to the thousand different shapes com-
mercial operations may assume. I do not say that
the opinions cannot be maintained, by which the
commercial powers of the Government are confined
to the water, but I do say I have never heard or
read any argument intelligible to me sustaining
that distinction, and I repeat, I shall be pleased to
hear some one of the many restrictionists here at-
tempt to sustain it now. Mr. President, since you
entered political life—yes, sir, since I have taken
part in political matters, which is long since you
were at the meridian, these new-fangled doc-
trines have sprung up; they did not vegetate
in the soil of the Revolution, nor were
they cherished or countenanced by the heroes
and sages who formed our Constitution; and who,
it might be supposed, if we were not told otherwise,
had some knowledge of the provisions contained in
it. I do not feel bound to go into the whole con-
stitutional argument to sustain the power until I
hear gentlemen, who admit the commercial power
to make haibors and clear out rivers, in which I
heartily concur, draw a distinction intelligible to
me, against the power in this case.
The Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Clay,] and
the other Senators, have based their arguments
agtinst this bill, so far as I have been able to un-
derstand, them, on the following ground, in addition
to the constitutional objections, and the locality
of the road, which objections I have adverted to.
They say that the funds, or rather the two per cent,
of the sales of the public lands in the States through
which the road runs, has been exhausted; and,
therefore, there is no obligation on the part of the
Government to complete the work. I am aware,
sir, that this argument is plausible, and upon a su-
perficial view of the subject, it is well calculated to
prejudice honest minds against the bill. I shall,
therefore, direct the most of the remarks which I
shall submit at this time to that point, leaving the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Young,] my colleague,
and others, to discuss the subject more at large.
I am not about to deny the position assumed, that
a sum equal to the amount of the two percent, of
the sales of the public lands in the S'ates .of Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri, has been expended
by tbe General Government on this road. I pre-
sume such to bs the fact. But, sir, when I have
admitted all this, I contend that, so far as the
merits of the question are concerned, I have ad-
mired nothing against the bill. If this work be,
as I eontsml it is, a national work, commenced by
the Government, and located to and throueh its
public domain, in the valley of the Mississippi,
wih the avowed object of facilitating the settlement
of the public domain, and thereby of a.dmg the
public Treasury in meeting the h«avy debt which
was hinging over the country; and if, by such loca-
tion.asl contend, the GoTernmenthsld out to the pur-
chasers of her lands the assurance that the road
so located, by her should be finished, she «wwo
