Api
ApriU^0- ......________
26th Cong-----1st Sbss.
APPENDIX TO TtíÉ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
333
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Samuels.
H. of Reps.
aarselves relieved from the barden of this ques-
tion so that the Congress of this great Repob'ic
sboald no longer experience this incessant and ha-
rassing oppression, and that in regard to all great
Lemons of such high constitutional import, no lo-
e [ interests, wielding a powerful influence, could
be brought to move upon our sympathies.   In this
view he hoped that the time would come when this
jnbjrót, embracing such a variety of considera-
tions will, under soma judiciously devised plan, be
faall'y disposed of, and that we, sir, will be un-
trammelled, and beyond its reach.   Sir, we will
then stead as we ought, fully and fairly as. to mat-
ters of thus sort, upon the great constitutional ques-
tion of internal improvement by the General Go-
vernment.   All other lines and shades touching it
will then be extinguished, and, in the true charac-
ter of American Senators, we nvght pot at rest ft r-
ever the pretension of this immense and imposing
power, which is advocated by a great party m this
coan'ry.   Sir, I look upon this power of internal
improvement by the General Government as more
seductive, influential,   and dangerous than   any
which has ever been claimed for it.   The power to
establish a United States Bank is far beneath it, in
all that concerns the great practical results upon
our social and political system.   The latter is but
ts a single rod of iron, while, compared to that, the
other is as a thousand of similar size, bound inte a
single bundle; and looking upon the question in
tits aspect, be preferred to meet it fad in the front,
ani, if we can, to vote it down.    He believed
«to be the only mode to adjust it, unless it can be
otherwise done at some future day, by the fully ex-
pressed concurrence of the parties involved.    Mr.
¿concluded by saying that these remirks were
sufficient to explain what he thought as to the
amendment, and which was the sole object for
which be bad risen.
Mr. PIERCE briefly replied to Mr. Anderson,
then
The question was taken on the substitute, and it
ns rejected, by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Calhoun, Clay of Alabama,
Dixon, Henderson, Hubbard, King, Lumpkin,
Pierce, Prentiss, Preston, Roane, and Ruggles—
12.
NAY3—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton,
Brown, Buchanan, Clay of Kentucky, Crittenden,
Davis, Fulton, Grundy, Lion, Meruck, Nicholas,
Porter, Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Indiana, South-
ard, Strange, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Tappan, Web-
ster, White, Wright, and Young—26.
Mr. GRUNDY said that, as the season would be
far advanced before this bill would be finally acted
«in the House, and as the amount appropriated
could not be profitably expended the present sea-
son, he moved tr reduce the sum in each State from
|150,000 to $100,000.
Mr PRESTON mo^ed as an amendment to the
amendment, that "$100,000" be stricken out, and
"#75,006" inserted.
The question was then taken on Mr. Preston's
amendment, and it was agreed to—ayes 23, noes
17, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Brown, Calhoun,
Clay of Alabama, Clay of Kentucky, Crittenden,
Cuthbert, Davis, Dixon, Fulton, Hubbard, Kirg,
Lumpkin, Pierce, Prentiss, Preston, Roane, Rug-
Rles-, Sevier, Southard, Strange, Webster, and
Wnght-23.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benfbn, Buchanan,
Grundy, Henderson, Linn, Merrick, Nicholas,
Porter, Robinson, Smith of Indiana, Sturgeon,
TalImad e,Tappan, Wall, White, and Young—17.
The question then being about to be put on the
engrossment of the bill,
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky intimated his wish to
address the Senate on the bill; and, on his motion
The Senate adjourned.
SPEECH OF MR. SAMUELS,
OF VIRGINIA.
Inns House of Representativa, April 13, 1840—In
Committee of the Who'e, on the bill making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
Enses of the Government, for the year 1840.
r. SAMUELS said: Mr. Chairman, the sab-
ia now under consideration u a bill making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government foi the year 1840. It is neces-
sary to state this (act, and occasionally to recur to
it, or it may be overlooked m the wide range
which the debate has assumed It isa subject
worthy of remark, that the section now before the
committee, is that appropriating money for the ja-
lares of The President and his Cabinet counselors.
It must be admitted, by every member, that this
appropriation must be made as Ion? as the law
fixing the salaries remains as at present. This
waste of time, the whole day, up to this hour,
upon a subject about which there can be on differ-
ence of opinion, cannot be ju-tified. In the re-
marks I am about to make, but Utile will be ad-
ded to the abuse adverted to. Considering the
debate wholly irregular, I will not practise my-
self that which I condemn in others.
Mv principal   object in  risin?, is to take issue
with several gentlemen  who  have   favored the
committee with their views.   My colleague,  [Mr.
Wi«e,] the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Cu^h ng,] and the gentleman from  Pennsylvania,
[Mr Biddle.]  all concurred  in opinion that the
Execuiive is responsible for the appropriations con-
tained in this bdl, if it shall pass.   Mv c>llea?ue
[Mr. Wi*i] especially, oftener than once inquired
of the chairman   of the  Comnittee   of Wavs
and    Means   whether    this   bill   was   recom-
mended and approved by the Executive: and when
informed that it was prepared from estimates fur-
nished   by  the Departments, he took  particular
pvns to direct the attention of the committee to the
tact that it was so prepared.   He avowed his pur-
pose of fixing the responsibility  of  the  measure
upon the Executive.   From all this we might infer
that my collrazue holds that the Executive is in-
vested with the power to make appropriations, for
it would be highly unjust to hold him responsible
for them, if he have no such power.   Does my col-
league hold that, because  an appropriation  is re-
commended by   the   President, that Congress is
bound to make it?
[Mr. Wise was understood to answer in the ne-
gative]
The gentleman from iMassacbOsetts [Mr. Cush-
inq] expressed the opinion that-"we ought to vote for
appropriations recommSukd-'by the Executive, un-
less in an extreme cxse./Tke gentleman from
Pennsylvania went soffy as to hold the Depart-
ment responsible for ti^correUness of their esti-
mates, and if there were any omissions or errors in
those estimates, he would not vote appropriations
called for by supplementary estimates, unless good
reasons could be shown why they were not inc'ud-
ed among the first. He was pleaded to indicate
this course for himself, because, as he alleged, it
wou'd prevent the-practice which he charged upon
the Departments of making e.-tirnates which are
published extensively through the country, and af-
terwards making additional estimates, which have
not the same degree of publicity given to them.
The opinions of the three gentlemen <eem to be
based upon the hypo'hesis that the power of origi-
nating appropriations, to some extent, at least, is
with the President; or why attach so much conse-
quence to his recommendations?
To these opinions, and the obvious inrerences from
them, I cannot assent. I hold that, in ihe cms'itu-
tional distribut.on of pewer touching this subject,
the President is only invested with the power to re-
commend to the consideraron of Congress such
nvasures as he shall judge necessary and expedi-
ent: ihe duty of Congress is not changed by the
fact that a measure comes forward wiih the Exe-
cutive recommendation. The power of Congress
to lay and collect taxes, &i. to provide for the
common defence and general welfare, to raise and
supptrt armies, to provide and miintain a navy, is
conferred by the Constitution; and, whether the
Executive makes a recommendation or not, the
power, the duty, and the responsibiliiy of Congress
are precisely the same. Gentlemen could not, if
they would, avoid tne responsibility of their sta-
tion, e ther by delegating their power to the Execu-
tive, er by yielding submission to h,s recommenda-
tions. The acts of Congress are chargeable to that
body: if they waste the public money, they are re-
sponsible; if they suffer it to be done by the Exe-
cuiive, they are guilty of a double deieliction of
djty, in neglec ing the pub'ic interest, and in per-
mitting an encruachment on their constitutional
power.
Nor can gentlemen, with more appearance of
justice, ascribe to the Secretary of the Treasury
any responsibility on account of the public expen-
ditures. His duty, as defined and laid down by
law, is to digest and prepare plans for the improve-
ment and management of ihe revenue, and tor the
support of the public credit; to prepare and report
estimates of the public revenue and public expen-
ditures, and 10 superintend the collection of the re-
venue, and to lay before Concres*, at every ses-
sion, a report on those subjecis, for their informa-
tion. Whether his policy be good or bad, whether
his plans bj wise or unwise, is a subject which
Congress alone are able to decide. Their accounta-
bility to the people is not lessened becau>e the Se-
cretary of the Treasury may have recommended
the measures they adopt.
At the present session of Congress, the President,
in accordance wiih his dmy,^has recommended to
Congress such measures as he deemed neces>aty
and expedient. Among other measures recom-
mended, is the practice of economy. It is our duty
to consider this recommendation with reference
only to i s own intrinsic merit, and apart fiom the
quarter whence it comes. It is at all times the
duty of Congress to appropriate no more money
than is demanded by trie public welfare; and now
that we are en?as>ed in the consideration of a bill
making app opriations, it is the duly of every mem-
ber of tie committee to examine it closely, and see if
there be any extravagant or ¡superfluous appropri-
ation, and if so, toamend 'he bill. I thtnfore invoke
t e aid of my colleague's superior experience: if there
be any thing exceptionable in the bill, I hope he
will take up ihe challenge of my friend the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Meaos, and
make it apparent. That gentleman invited scruti-
ny, >et my colleague made no specific charge,
against the bill.
[Mr. Wise said he had several amendments to
oiler, when we shall arrive at the sections for which
they are intended ]
I am glad to hear my colleague say this: it
shows that he has had the bill under consideration,
and gives some assurance that the subject is likely
to receive the investigation due to it at the hands of
Conaress. For m)self, I profess a strong desire to
practise economy in the public expenditures, and
will show my sincerity by my votes.
My colleague [Mr. Wise] has animadverted
with great severity upon what he deems the fear-
ful and enormous expenditures of money for seve-
ral years pas': he took some pains to show the
average amounts for those years: he made a calcu-
lation to show how much per head this expenditure
would have imposed on each individual if the mo-
ney had been raised by a capitation tax. He made
the average annual expenditure for the time em-
braced in his calculation between thirty-three and
thirty four millions of dollars. All this expenditure
he ascribed to the present Administration and that
imm diately preceding it. He scarcely recognised
the intervention of Congress in making the laws
appropriating money. He denounced the Execu-
tive for his extravagance in unmeasured terms.
When inquired of by the gentleman fiomNew
York, [Mr. Vanderpoel,] wneiherhe expected the
Executive to withhold his constitutional sanction
from the appropra on laws upon the ground of
their supposed extravagance—and whettu r he cen-
sured bim for having given that sanction, my
colleague distinctly admitted that he did not expect
the Executive to withhold his sanction for such rea-
son—thai it was unusual and improperio do so.
Although my cdleague tjok no exception on ac-
count of the President's exercise of his constitu-
tional power, yet he ascribed to hm a certain mys-
terious subtle influence over members of Congress 
an influence which my colleague, with all his
graphic powers, could not delineate or define, yet
wh-ch he alleged to have ex sience, an^of *„
he asserted the gentleman lrom New York, IMr.
Vanderpoel,] was fully conscious. This influerce,
if exerted for the purpose, my colhague tho fat
would have kept down the expenditure .
