¿sé
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar. 1840.
26th Cono.......1st Sess.
In reply to Mr. Davis—Mr. Buchanan.
Senati
;e.
after statin? it as such, he makes it real, by declar-
ing thai I ha I a<cribel the power to the bill of pro-
ducing the effect which he f'e-cnbcs.
And here, sir, permit me to remark, that after
the disclaimer which I understood him to have
made on Tue-dajr last, in regard to this topic, I
should have taken care in my reported speech to
have suppressed every allusion to ihe subject
which could have caused him pain. He has now
disclaimed the disclaimer, and I shall act accord-
ingly.
He says:
To follow out the case, I have supposed the income of every
man, except the exporter, is to be reduced one-half in the value
of wages and property, while all loreign merchandise will cost
the «ame, which will obviously, in effect, double the price, as it
■will lake twice the amount of labor, or twice the amount of the
producá of labor, to purchase it.
Thus far the case is suppositious; but the Sena-
tor, in plain English, makes i: a reality against my-
self in lb  very next senience.
"I do not ascribe," says he, "this power to the
bill; but ft is enough for me that its friends do."
What power? Wnat is the immediate antecedent?
Is it not th'S power, ascribed by its friends to the
bill, of reducing one half "the value of wages and
property"" in the country? But let us pr cesd a
little further. In the next sentence he asks, "what
response will the farmers, mechanic-, manufactu-
rer*, and laborers, make to such a ft igilious propo-
tition"
What is this flagitious proposition? Is it the
Independent Treasury bill in itselt ? No, sir; no.
Tne Senator throughout, with affected candor, ex-
presses the opinion that ihis bill would produce no
such fat.il consequences as had been ascribed to it
by its fr.ends. No, sir; it is palpably an attempt
on the part of the Senator to induce the public to
believe that one of my arguments in favor of ihs
bill was that it would reduce the value of wages
and property one-half. He was pursuing the course
which he had adopted throughout every previous
part of his speech, still persising in doing me the
injury of putting arguments into my mouth which
I had never uttered. Any plain man who read*
his speech would place this construction upon it.
After the Senator has done me all the mi chief he
could, in public estimation, it is now too lat<* for
him to say that he did not attribute this argument
to me.
Sir, his speech is not a manly and open argu-
ment against the Independent Treasury bill. It u
a subtle and ingenious contrivance throughout, for
the purpose of casting odium upon the Administra-
tion and its friends, by ascribing to them arguments
which they never ut'ered, and sentiments which
they have aim ays disavowed.
It is an attempt to impose upon the public the
belief that we support the bi ], not because it will
separate the banks from the Government, but be-
cause it will destroy the banks, introduce a pure
metallic currency, suppress ered.t, and reduce the
value of property and the wages of labor. The
Senator has become the uitne-s against us; and he
cannot, and shall not, escape from the consequen-
ces of his own testimony.
A "flagitious proposition!" The highest Eng-
lish authority informs us that the meaning of the
word "flagitious," is "peculiarly infamous:" and I
shall leave the Senate and the world to determine
whether this term may not be more appropriately
applied to the Senators mi->represpntattons of my
remarks than to the Independent Treasury bill.
What a wonderful speciac'e is presented in th'S
speech of the Sena'or!   From the first to the last,
irom  the  beginning to  the end of  my speech, I
did not attriSutf to ihis bill one of the canvequen-
ces which heha« impute J to me.   With my settled
convictions of the effect of the bill, I should have
been the greatest dunca in Christend <m tius to
have causelessly alarmed the tear  of the country.
I never  intimated that it weuld seriously injure,
much less de-troy, the State Banks.   It never en-
tered into my conception that it would introduce a
Eare metallic currency, tr reduce  the wages of
ibor, ordes-truy the credit system, or seriously af-
fect the business ot the country in any nianmr.   I
treated it throughout, as what the Senator informed
us we bad been uniformly told by its friends that
it was, '•asimple proposition to divorce the Govtro«
mint from the banks so as to enabh? it to keep its
own money, and therefore, harmle-s in its char-
acter, as it wruld effect nothmg else." Through-
out my speech, it was one of my chief purposes in
advt eating the bill, as it had been in 1837, to al-
lay the fears of the country, and to prove that it
would produce nonp of these fearful effects.
I am happy to think that my effort* in this re-
spect, have not proved wholly unavailing. 1 have
good reason to believe that they have had some in-
fluence in disabusing the minds of honest men and
re'ievirg them from the apprehensions which they
had formerly entertained on the subject. I pursued
the very same course of argument I had done in
September, 1837, when I first addie*sed the Senate
on this bill. On that occasion, I said: 'In this cri-
sis all which the Genera' Government can effect is,
in the first place, to withhold its deposites from the
banks, and ihus refrain from contributing Us funds
to swell the torrent of wild speculation; and, in the
second place, to restrain the extiavagance of ihetr
credits and issues, in some small degree, by collect-
ing and disbursing our revenue exclusively in spe-
cie, or m the notes of banks which will pay the
balances due from them in specie, at short intervals.
To accomplish these tw  purposes, as well as to
render the public revenue more secure, are the ob-
jects of the bill and amendment now before the Se-
nate." I never, for a single moment of my life,
entertained the idea which the Senator has imputed
to me, that the bill would destroy the Banks, or
even restrain their extravagance except "in some
small degree." Was the imputation justified by
any remarks in my late spech? That, I repeat
again, is the question between iha Senator and my-
self.   In that speech, I declared that—
" Our chief objects hi adopting the Independent Treasury
are, to disconnect the Government from all banks, to secure
the,people's money from the wreck of thebanking system, and
to have it always ready to promote the prosperity of the coun-
try in peace, and to defend it in war. Incidentally, however)
it will do some good in checking the extravagant spirit of specu-
atlon, which is the bane of the country.
In the first place, by requinns specie in all receipts and ex-
penditures of the Government, you will create an additional de-
mand for gold and silver to the amount of five millions of dol-
lars per annum, according to the estimate of the President. A
large ¡nomon of this sum will bed i awn from the banks, and
this will compel them to keep more specie in their vanlts, in
proportion to their circulation and deposites, and to bank less.
This, so far as it may go, will strike at the root of the existing
evil. I fear, however, that it will prove to be but a very inade-
quate restraint upon exctsstse banking.
In the second place, this bill will, in eome degree, diminish
our imports, especially after June, 18-12 I most heartily con-
cut with the Senator in desiring this result. Whatisihe condi-
tion of the importing business at the present moment? It is al-
most exclusively in the hands of British agents, who sell all Ihe
manufactures they can dispose of in other portions of the world,
and then bring the residuum nere to glut our markets Accord-
ing to our existing laws, they receive a credit from the Govern-
ment for the amount of its duties. They sell the goods for cash:
and this credit becomes so much capital in their hands, to ena-
ble 'hem to make fresh importations The Independent Trea-
sury bill require* that all duties shall be paid m gold and silver;
and after June, 1842, the compromise law will take away the
credits altogether. We shall then have a system of cash du-
ties in operation, which will contribute much to reduce the
amount of our importations, and to encourage domestic manu-
factures
In the thn d place, this bill will make the banking interest the
greatest economists in the country, go far as the Government is
concerned Their nerve of self interest will be touched in fa-
vor of economy, and una will induce them to unite with ilia
people in reducing the revenue and expenditures of the Go-
vernment to the lowest standard consisienily with the public
good They Will hereafter abhor a surplus revenue, as much
as they delighted in it formerly, when they used it for banking
purposes. Any surplus which may exist in future, will be
locked up in go'd and silver, in the vaults of our deposito
ríe*; and, in proportion to its amount, will deprive the banks of
so much el their specie They will, therefore, become the par-
tisan1? of reducing the revenue to the actual and necessary ex-
penditures of the Government, 'O that the specie may flow out
of the Sub-Treasuries with a rapidity corresponding with its
influx. Nothing but a large su plus can seriously injure the
banks This was demonstiated to me by one of the most dis-
t n uished financier  which oui country has ever produced, not
himself, I believe, fnendiy to the Independent Treasury. These
Treasury drafts, in the natural course ol business, will find their
way either into the banks at the very points where our deposi-
taries are situated, or into the hands of individuals there hav-
ing duties to pay to 'he Government. Tttke, for example,
New Yoik. A public creditor receives such a draft on the
receiver-seneral in payment of Ins debt. Will he carry it to
New York, receive payment, and transport the specie from that
cityl Such instances will be rare He will generally deposite
it to his credit in the bank with which he transacts his business,
wherever that maybe This bank, if not in New V'ork, will
transmit it for collection to one of the bank? there; and thus
these banks willdrawthespccielrornourdepositariesasrapidly
as it is drawn fiomth>m for the payment of the publicdues.
Thus the equilibrium will be preserved, so long as the Govern-
ment is without a laree surplus In other instances, these
('rafts will be sought after and procured by individuals having
duties to pav, and they will be presented1 to the receivers-ge-
neral, and accepted by them instead of fold and illver,''
I have presented these extract? from my
speech b-fure the Senate, for the puirose of show-
ing how abiurd it was to have imputed to me the
arguments in favor of the bill attributed to me by
the Senator from Massachusetis. Instead of ascrib-
ing to this bill the power of destroying the banks,
and introducing a pure metallic currency, I de-
cíate that "1 fear it will prove to be a very maoe-
quate restraint upon excessive banking;" and that
it will not affect the banks at all, unless a large
surplus of gold and silver should be locked up in
the vaults of the Sub-Treasurenes—a case not
likely soon to occur.
I have also stated that it would, in some degree,
dimmish our imports, especially alter June, 1842,
when the duties on impor.ed goods must be paid in
cash, and thus encourage our domestic manufac-
tures. Is ihere a patriot—nay, is there a man in
the country who does not consider this "a con-
summation devoutly to be wished?"
As I stated betore, I ridiculed the idea that this
bill would destroy the banks of the country, and
substitute a pure metallic currency for batik pa-
per. Instead of destroying the banks, I proved
that it did not even coniain any power of whole-
some regulation; but for this purpose we must ap-
peal to ihe Stae Legislatures. I also established
the position, that neither a bank of ihe United
States, nor the Bank of England—instruments of
vastly greater power than the Independent Treasu-
ry—could, even if they possessed the inclination,
restrain the excessive issues and credits of the
banks of their respective countries.
Now, sir, I have presented to you the materials,
and the only materials, from which the Senator
from Massachusetts could have derived the charge
against me, which u presented in different forms
throughout the whole course of his speech; that I
had argued that this bill would destroy the basks,
restore a specie currency, reduce the wages of la-
bor and the value of property one half, check im-,
pcrtations, and suppress the credit system. I ne-
ver attributed any one of these consequence? to the
bill. It is too impotent in its character to produce
any such effects.
The Senator does not seem to perceive, that even
if he could prove I was a hard money man, this
would not, in the slightest degree, justify his state-
ment of the nature of my argument.   It is near too
late for htm to say, as he has done, that he did not
cons der it of any moment to investigate the degree
of influence which the bill might have; but as I
had admitted it would have some influence as a
corrective, he had directed his reply to the general
scope of my argument.    Had his published speech
corresponded  with these   sentiments,   he   and I
should never have had this unpleasant controversy.
What I complain of is, not that he drew unjust iu-
lerences from my argument; but that he imputed
to me arguments which I never used: not that be
declared that I had expressed the opinion that the
bill would have some influence as a corrective,
whieh I certainly did express, and clearly defined
what, in my opinion, would be the extent of its in-
fluence; but that he pat into my mouth, as argu-
ments in favor of ihe bill, that it would destroy the
banks, introduce a pure metall c currency, pros-
trate credit, and reduce the value of wages and
piopeity.     My cause of complaint is not any de-
duction* which he might have drawn, fairly or
unfairly, from my speech; but it rests on the fact
that he has attributed to me argumentó in support
of the bill which I never urged or thought of urging.
He might himself have contended, he might, il he
could, have infened from my speech that I was a
nard money man, (though this would have been  ,
most u«just towards me,)and have drawn any dedoc- * 
tions from this tact which be thought proper; bat
he had no right to make me say that the bill would
establish a hard money currency.
Now, sir, the whole of the miserable attacks
which have been made upon me are based alone
on the presumption that I am an exclusive hard
money man. 0a this question my opinions have
never been disguised. Although wiser and better
men than myself may be friendly to a pure metal'
lie currency, yet when the subject was first
broached in the Senate, J took a decided stand
against it, which I have ever since maintained. Id
