r
Mar. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*sr
26th Cowo«.«.tsT Skss.
In reply to Mr. Davis—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
my speech of 1837, I used the following Ian-
It
rfeh
It ía impossible that manufactures and commerce can flou-
to any great degree in this country without the aid of em>n.
„.„ credit. I would not, therefore, abolish banks if I could.
A return to a pure metallic currency is impossible. To make
«uch an attempt would be ruinous as well as absurd It would
at once dimmish ihe value of all property more than fifty per
cent; and would, in effect, double the amount of every man's
debt* It would enrich creditors at the expense of their debtors,
and thus make the nrh richer and the poor poorer. It would
saralyie industry and enterprise. I would give enterprise
wholesome food to feed apon; but would not drive it into mad
«nwulauou by administering unnatural stimulants.
This is the ground which I occupied when the
qaes'ion was fir^t raised befoie the country.   It is
the ground which 1 have maintained ever since.
I difler in this respect with my friend from Mis-
sissippi,   who is   now   absent,   and  have   had
many arguments with hi-n, in   a kind sprit,  to
convince  htm that he was  \trong in advocating
a pure metallic currency.   On his return, he will
be no little astonished to learn that the Senator firm
Massachusetts has repr*sented me, in  the very
speech which afforded the occasion of several of
these friendly arguments, not only as a hard mo-
ney man, bat as hiving advocated the Independent
Treasury bill, because it would put down the banks
and introduce an exclusive hard money currency.
The Senator fiora Mississippi, whatever may be
his abstract opinions, never used any such argu-
ment* in favor of the bill.   My sentiments upon
the subject have been expressed fully and freely,
both bete and elsewheie, as often as the occasion
offered.   How any Senator could have misappre-
hended them, I am wholly at a losa to conjecture;
especially after I bad clearly and distinctly repeated
them is my late «peech.   The pub'ished speech of
the Senator from Massachusetts has placed me in a
strange position.    It was but the other day that a
hud money journal  of high character was sent to
jne from New Yoik, which denounced me in strong
terms f.>r expressing, in my late speech, sentiments
friendly to the continued existence of banks.    A
* milar course has been pursued towards me by ano-
ther paper of the same character, in Virginia.   On
the other hand, whilst 1   am thus attacked by the
hard money men, the Senator makes his appear-
ance, and asserts not only that I am a hard money
man, but that I had urged the passage of the Inde-
pendent Treasury bill, because it would convert
the United Stales into a hard money country.
Bat whilst I am opposed to an exclusive metallic
currency, I am equally hostile to that system of
banking which ha* been the cause of those expan-
sions and contractions of the paper currency which
have produced so much rum and misery among all
classes of society. This is the crying evil of our
couatry. Would to Heaven, I had the power to
correct it! What was my argument in relation to
this subject? I shall read my remark* to the Se-
nate, as they are short; and because I cannot now
state them with as much clearness and force as I
did on that occasion.
What has been the financial history of this country for the
last twenty-five years?   I can speak with positive knowledge
upon this subject durin  the period of eighteen years since I
first came into public lile.   It has been a history of constant vi-
bration—of extravagant expansions in the business of the coun-
try, succeeded by ruinous contractions.   At successive inter-
vals, many of the best and most entei prising men of the country
have bean crushed.   They have fallen victims at the shrine of
the insatiate and insatiable spirit of extravagant banking and
speculation.   Starting at the extreme point of depression of
om or these periods, we and that the country has been glutted
who. foreign merchandise, and it requires all our efforts to pay
the debt thus contracted to foreign nations.   At this crisis the
banks can do nothing to relieve the people.   In order to pre-
serve theii own existence, they are coapellad to contract tac:r
loans awl the  issues.   In the how: of distress, wnentbeiri s-
«stance is most needed, they can do nothing for their votaries.
Xvery article sink  in price, men an unable to pay their debts,
and widespread rum pervades the land.   During this ttrat year
#f tie cycle, weave able to import but comparatively little to-
raigo merchandise, and this affords the country an opportunity
«f recruiting its exhausted energies   The nexlyear the patient
begins to «c  ver.   Domestic manufacture  flourish m propor-
tion as foreign goods become scarce.   The industry and enter-
prise of our citizens have been exerted with energy   and our
production hare liquidated the foreign áebt.   The third year
a fair business a dona—the country presents a flourishing ar>
pearance.   The banks, relieved from the dram of specie re-
ti evaganvbanking and epeculationreturns, again to be succeeded
by another ruinous revulsion.
TM  wat the history of the country, up till 1837. Since then
w  have travelled the road to ruin much more rapidly than in
former years. Befoie thatpetiod, it bad required from three to
six years to get up an expansion, and Its eorresponditig explo-
sion. We have now witnessed the astounding fact that we can
paaa through all these changes, and even from one suspension of
specie payments to another, m little more than two years.
Now, any person who has read my speech with
candor, any person who heard it iu a fair spirit,
must have observed that it was exclusively my ob-
ject to correct the excesses of the banking system,
not to destroy the bank?. I wished, by wise and
wholesome State legislation, to reform it in such a
manner as to secure to the pnple the benefits
which may be derived from it without involving
them in ruin by its periodical excesses. I desired
to see a sound mixed currrency established, so that
the wages of labor, the value of property, and the
prices of the necessaries and comforts of life, might
have a fixed and permanent character, and not be
liable to the perpetual fluctuation- to *hich they
are now at every moment exposed.
Bnt the St nator seeks to involve me in incon-
sistency, and to prove that I am a hard money man,
notwithstanding my repeated and solemn disavow-
als of this doctrine, and notwithstanding the ad-
mission in his speech, that I had declared I
was not friendly to an exclusive hard money cur-
rency, nor hostile to well regulated State Banks.
It is true that, in the very sentence in which he
makes the admiss on, as well as throughout his
speech, he nullifies its effect, and proceeds to ar-
gue as though it had never been made. What course
does he pursue to accomplish this purpose?
Having ever been the friend of domestic manu-
factures, I endeavored to prove what I honestly
believe to be the fact, that "the extravagant amount
of our circulating medium, consis'ing, in a great
degree, of the notes thrown out upon the commu-
nity by eight hundred banks, was injurious to our
domestic manufactures. In other words, not that
banking, but that extravagant banking and do-
mestic manufactures are directly hostile to each
other "
To establish this proposition/1 referred to the
well known principle of political economy, "that if
you double the amount of the necessary circulat-
ing medium in any country, you thereby double the
nominal price of every article. If, when the circu-
lating medium is fitly millions, an árdele should
co4 one dollar, it would cost two, if without
any increase of the uses of a circulating medium
the quantity shruld be increased to one hundred
millions."
In order to apply this principle to our condition,
and placs it in its most striking light befoie the
country and the manufacturers, I took the United
States, which is emphatically a paper money coun-
try, not at the present moment of depression, but at
the extreme point of our periodical expansion, when
every article commanded the highest price; and con-
trasted the condi'ion of our manufactures at that
point of time with those of Germany, which is em-
phatically a hard money country. I presented the
two extremes, in order to make the contrast the
more striking.
At particular stages of our expansion, (I said,) we might
with justice apply the principle which I have stated, to our
trade with those countries, and assert, that from the great redun-
dancy of our currency, ameles are manufactured in France and
Germany for one half of their actual cost in this country. Let
me present an example In Germany, where the currency is
purely metallic and the cost of every thiog is reduced to a hard
money standard, a piece of broadcloth can be manufactured for
fifty dollars; the manufacture of which, in oui country, from
the expansion of our paper currency, would cost one hundred
dollars. What is the consequence) The foreign French or
German manufacturer imports this cloth into our country and
sells it for a hundred dollars. Does not every person perceive
that the redundancy of our «-urrency is equal to a premium of
one hundred per cent, in favor of the foreign manufacturen
No tariff of protection, unless it amounted to prohibition, could
counteract this advvntage in favor of foreign manufactures. I
would to Heaven that I could arouse the attention of every
manufacturer of the nation to this important subject.
The foreign manufacturer will not receive our bank notes in
payment He will take nothing home except gold and silver,
or bills of exchange, which are equivalent. He does not ex-
pend this money here, where be would be compelled to support
his family, and to purchase his labor and materials at the same
rate of prices which he receives for his manufactures On the
contrary, he goes home, purchases his labor, his wool, and all
other articles winch enter into his manufacture, at half their
cost in this country; and again returns to inundate us with f<>.
reign woollens, and to ruin our r*o nestic manufactures I m g u
cite many other examples, but une, I trust, will besufficiei.ito
draw public attention to the subject. This depreciation of our
currency is, therefore, equivalent to a direct protection granted
to the foreign over the domestic manufacturer. It is impossible
that our manufacturers should be able to sustain such an une-
qual competition.
Bat, sir, did I propose to convert this country
into a hard money country in order to place it in
the same condition with Germany and France in
regard to domestic manufactures? Far, very far,
from it. Such a change would violate all our fixed
habits, and be opposed to the genius of our people.
The case «as presented not with this view; but for
the purpo-e of exhibiting the injurious conse-
quences a ising to manufactures from the redun-
dancy of our currency at the periods of our greatest
expans.onv We must trade with these countries,
whether we will or not, and in order to place us in
something like a position of equality vith them, I
desired, it possible, to prevent these extravagant
expansions by introducing such bank reforms as
would secure to us a stable mixed currency,
which should not be perpetually fluctuating in
amount. This was the whole tenor of my remarks
frem beginning to end.
At the commencement of the very next paragraph
I use the following language: "Sir, I solemnly be-
lieve that if we could but ieduce this inflated paper
bubble to nñy thing like reasonable dimensions,
New Engl ud would become the most prosperous
manufacturing country that tie sun ever shone
upon." The same ioea is conveyed throughout.
It is the reduction of our infla'ed paper currency to
reasonable dimensions, not the destruction of banks
and bank paper, which I have uniformly advo-
cated.
In my statement of the simple fact known to all
men, that the foreign manufacturer goes home to
his hard money country and purchases his labor
and his materials at half what they cost here, at the
moment when our currency is in a state of the
greatest expansion, the Senator finds his justifica-
tion for asserting that I desire to establish a bard
money currency in this country, and to reduce the
wages of labor and the value of property. Bat this
is not all. Though the Iudependent Treasury bill
was entirely lost sight of at this period of the dis-
cussion, and the only point involved was a general
principle of political economy, having no reference
whatever to that bill, he has had the hardihood to
proclaim to the world, upon no other foundation
than what 1 have stated, that I urged its passage
because it would establish a hard money currency,
and thus reduce the wages of labor and the value
of property.
In 1837, I introduced the very same principle of
political economy into the discussion, and in simi-
lar language presented the ruinous consequences
which resulted to the manufacturing interest from
the expansions and contractions of our paper cur-
rency. No Senator then misunderstood my ar-
gument. It was reserved for the Senator from
Massachusetts, at this late day, entirely to pervert
my meanine, and to endeavor to hold me up to the
country as the avowed enemy of the poor laborer,
and as the advocate of the Independent Treasury
bill, because it would reduce his wages.
These periodical expansions and contractions of
our currency seriously threaten to ruin our domes-
tic manufactures. Unless they can be prevented,
by seme means or other, these manufactures must
sink. When I express this opinion, I speak in the
sincerity of my heart. Whether I am friendly to
the cause of domestic industry or not, I leave for
those to determine who have observed the whole
course of my public life.
Our periodical crash is always preceded by a
year of enormous importations. The reason is
obvious. In proportion to the expansion of our
currency, the prices of all articles me; and from
this enhancement of price, our country becomes
the best market in the world for the sale of foreign
manufactures. In the year 1839, our imports were
greater, by lorty-four millions of dollars, than they
had beeB in 1838. This excessive impottation,
whilst it was the immediate cause of the ruinous
revulsion in the business of the country, and of the
suspenson of specie payments, left our markets
flooded with foreign goods, to the great injury of
our own manufactures. When the explosion
came, manufacturers, merchants, mechanics, la-
borer*, and all, fell under it  blasting influence.
It was my object to correct the excesses of the
banking system which are productive of these in-
jurious consequences, and not to destroy "•)>«*>:
The gentleman, although he may take up detached
sentein  of my speech, and pervert their mean-
