S40
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
April, 1840.
26m Cong« *1st Sebs.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Reynolds.
H. of Reps.
currency, was, to say the least of it, .absurd and
ridiculous. How could they put down the system
is the several Sutes by federal legislation? They
could not interfere with or restrain the State Legis-
latures in chattering tanks. No legislation hid
been proposed, nor could any be proposed here,
consistently with the Constitution, to prevent the
people from using paper money int heir pecuniary
transactions with one another.
But, said Mr. B. because the bill to estab- \
lian the Constitutional Treasury did net au- |
thorize the receipt of bank notes in the payment of
Government dues, it was therefore a circumstance
conclusive to show, according to the logic of
gentlemen in opposition, that the entire system was
to be abolished! This kind of argument, if argu-
ment it was entitled to be called, might suit for the
purposes of misrepresentation, but it would not an-
awer to establish the tioib of a proposu.on.
Another mode of argument, equally conclusive,
to prove that the Administration and its friends
were, ia lavor of abolishing all the State .banks, and
ituModucing an entire metallic currency, was the
practice, by the Opposition, of holding up to the
public view toe opinions of a few of its friends as
the opinio   of all the Democratic party.
, He would put a few cases to prove, not merely
the fallacy  but the extreme injustice, of such rea-
soning.. Some of, the friends of the Opposition,
whv e opinions had often been quoted in that quar-
ter,, ©n financia] mailers, as oracular, had advo-
cated the heresy that banks were strong in propor-
-tiou «s ibeir quantity of specie wa  small; but would
it be fair jp charge this qew discovery in the credit
system t*,tbe Opposiiion4 as a party?    Again, the
Senator from Soutb Carotin* {Mr. Pkmton] had in-
trodaced a proposition in that body .during the former
bankeusre  jion,to compel the Secretary of the Trea-
sacy to. receive -n payment of the public dues, the de-
preciated notes of those banks, which was advocated
by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Ciatj] bat
-would it, have been lair to have held the whole of
thost in opposition answerable for a proposition so
subversive of public credit?   And, again, same of
the leaders of the former Federal party avowed, a
pttfefen.ee..for monarchy, while some of the parti-
sans of the: «Mne, party, of the present day, have
expressed similar sentiments.    He alluded to, Mr.
Hamilton, and some other distinguished leaders of
.the Federal patty of that day, and also to an indi-
vidual of the p esent day, of the Opposition, who
.had, m a serpee of essays in a Federal paper, ad-
vocated a monarchy.   Mr. B. said that he had put
these cases,, not to fix upon the Opposition party
the political heresies they contain, but to show the
extreme absurdity of one party endeavoring to hold
the other responsible for the opinions of a few only
. «fits members.
But* said Mr. B. the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Glat] had not been content with impaling
opinions .of declared  hostil,ty against all, banks
to tthose Iritndly to the • Administration in that
chamber, but had thought, proper to extend the
same charge to the President of the United States.
-.Wiihhow much justice this charge has been made,
a reference to the messages of the Chief Magistrate
, would show.,  A leading argument, in bis reeom-
■ mtndaWsn of the constitutional Treasury system,
, was its tendency to correct the abuses of the pa-
- per system, and establish a sound and honest sys-
- tesa of hanking, íq place of that which has produced
..such disastrous consequences to the people of the
United States. If the wish to bring about a re-
form in these abuses by the indirect agency of the
¡power* of the Federal Government, constitution.
- ally exerted, be hostility, to banks, then the Presi-
. dentin common .with the great majority of the
, jUacrica* people, was obnoxious to the charge.
So.far from furnishing proof of hostility to the ays-
urn, it afforded the only means of-preserving it.
Those in *eality arejte enemies,-who are in favor of
perpetuating Us abuses.              ,
Why* be wpuld ask, ¡all this alarm about the
banking sys em, and patriotic indignation at the
idea Pf a bard money currency? Did any one be-
lieve that the banking system ia the States—he
wean* an honest banking system—was really en-
dangered? On the contrary,, was there any candid
and intelligent individual, Hiking into view the uni-
versality of the existence of the system in our coun-
try, and the powerful interests enlisted in it  behalf,
that did net believe that the roal danger was not
that the system would be destroyed, but that it
would not be sufficiently regulate 1, whether it ex-
isted in the form of a National Bank, or of State
banks
Mr. B would not say that these alternate exhi-
bitions of alarm and indignation  which we had
witnessed here were affected, or intended to answer
politico/ purposes.    That a pressing emergency,
however, existed in the ranks of the Opposition,
which required the use of all such means, none
could doubt, who daily witnessed the extraordinar
expedients that were resorted to for ihe purpose of
sustaining a cause that can only exist by extrañe
«us and artificial means.   The effort to operate on
public opioion by panics and misrepresentation.wa
an old expedient,  which had been tried on former
occasions, much more favorable io success than the
present penod.   They had tailed then, and he pre-
dicted that they would fail again.
Mr. CALHOUN. I rise to say that no one is
authorized to speak for me. I speak for myself. I
have changed no opinion On the contrary, every
day's experience confirms me in the opinion that
the banking system, as it stands—I mean banks of
circulation—has proved to be one of ths greatest
calamities that ever befel the country.
I make no war on the banks. Tne system wars
against itself, and it destined to fall by self-slaugh-
_ter. It contains within itself the elements of its
own destruction; and gentlemen on both sides may
combine to save the system, but it will be in vain,
lis true character is now in a course of rapid de-
velopment We witness this day its baneful ef-
fects on the currency and the business of the coun-
try; but we have much to learn of its desolating
.consequences on its morals and politics. If I should
stand alone, I shall be found in opposition to the
system.
Now let me say that I know nothing of the views
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, further than
than as they are.developed in his resolution. I
wish Jo be understood to be utterly opposed to its ob 
!ject. With my present conviction, I shall nevei
.consent to engraft the banking svs'em on the Con
stitntion.
REMARKS OF MR.  REYNOLDS,
OF ILLINOIS.
In the Home of Representatives, April 17, 1840.—In
Committee of the Whole on the Civil and Diplo-
matic Appropriation bill.
Mr. REYNOLDS said:
Mr. Chairman: I am not at all opposed to this
manner of political discussion. In the Committee
of the Whole, we feel free and easy. It is carry-
ing out, in practice, that freedom of debate which
is guarantied to the people by the nature and form
of oar Government. This practice will not be
amiss for my elf, as \ ant not celebrated for my
{' unctilious observance of strict parliamentary rules,
t is like going into one of our vast prairies in the
State of Illinois, with which, Mr. Chairman, you
" and I are well acquainted.   There is no obstruc-
tion..   We may travel in them in any direction that
I may suit our fancy or inclina ion.   So will I, on
" this occasion, although in a very humble manner,
enter the prairie of political discussion, in Com-
; mittee of the Whole, and pursue the course that
may be my own choice.   I will do this without
* giving to the subject before the committee the least
«pnsideration whatever.
Great political subjects are now before the peo-
ple, and aré undergoing that discussion which their
importance seems to demand. These subjects have
alto entered this ball, and are receiving the delibe-
rate attention of the rep esentaiives of the people.
Parties, in all countries, have exis ed, and I have
no doubt always will exist. All history confirms
this position. And if we believe one of the great-
est of the British poets, (Milton,) parties existed
even in Heaven; and can we expect io be clear of
them on earth?
1 condemn for myself, Mr. Chairman, the Vio-
lence and rancor we often witness in these party
discussions.   The crimination and recrimination
which are so often charged, and never proved, iti
thii hall, are unbecoming the dignity aud order of
discussion which ought to grace this assembly. No
good reason can exist for this couse of proceeJ-
ing. Each pany is composed of American citi-
i ns, and have equally fie good of their common
country in charge. Both pa> ties are formed of the
blood of the same Angio-Sixon race, and are
raised and educated under the influence of the
same Government, laws, and^ religion, and there-
fore neither party can be guilty of that baseness of
purpose wiih which pariiss, here so often charge
each other in turn.
Gentlemen in opposition4' to the present Adminis-
tration urge various. argurnent«;, and make many
charges, to convince the people that the policy of
the party and the Adminis ration should be changed,
and that other men and other measures should be
brought into power aud action. On the other
hand, the friends of the Administration are equally
confident, that the measures and policy of the
party are the most wise, and best calculated to ad-
vance the prosperity and happiness of the whole
people.
No Administration since the days of Washing-
ton existed without opposition, and I presume none
will ever exist wihout it.
1 can tes ify, Mr. Chairman, in any court of
justice, that against the present Administration an
Opposition is arrayed that is strong and energetic.
It is sleepless in its vieilance, and powerful in its
action. Oa this consideration, I consider it the
duty of each one who has at his heart the princi-
ples of Democracy, to throw into the contest his
mite, be it great or be it small.
" In the beginning," parlies were organized on
great aud fundamental principles, and have been
continued down to tbe present time, without chang c
or alteration. The principles and policy that
formed the basts of po'iucal action in the days of
Jefferson, are the same that govern the present Ad-
ministration. This proposition is susceptible of
political demonstration, and it may besóme neces-
sary for me, on soaie other occasion, to en er more
fully into the demonstration than at present I
can do.
These two parties, equally honest, patriotic, and,
I may add, equally talented, were organized ia the
convention that framed the Constitution. Tney
were denominated Federal and Republican, and
existed in principle. These principles were widely
and essentially different. One party had for its
model the British Government. This was reason-
able and rational; we had recently obtained our
independence, and had amongst us the laws and
the governmental forms of the British people. This
party, therefore, advocated a powerful and ener-
getic central Government, with a President and
Senate for Ufe, and the power to appoint the Go-
vernors of the States. The other party prevailed
in tbe convention, and we have a faithful and
limited National Government.
These parties continued to exist in the adminis-
tration of this new. Government. They advocated,
as honest men, those principles which, in the
nonet convictions of their minds, would best
advance the prosperity and happiness of the
people. The Federal party decided that the
Government possessed tbe power to do any
thing that might be considered to promote the
"general welfare" of the people. The ether party
assumed no such power, and decided that the Ge-
neral Government was limited in its action to a
few simple national objects, and the balance of
power retained to the States or the people.
These parties had, in the administration of the
eldr Adams, a severe and desperate struggle,
wnich resulted in the overthrow of the Federal dy-
nasty, and placing in power the Republican party,
headed by Thomas Jefferson.
The important principles on which the Govern-
meut was administered by Mr. Jefferson are com-
prised in the celebrated Virginia resolutions, ana
are the same principles which govern the present
Administration; therefore, the opposition to these
priuciples, in the days of Jefferson, mast be the
same, as they are to the same principles at this
day.
The Federal party waged an efficient war against
