April, 1840.
fi6TH CONG.."l8T SeSS.
APPENDIX TO TflE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
Jipropriation Bill—Mr. Reynolds.
H. of Reps.
with the Government, and, in the next place, to
lmpiove and sttile the country in which the public
domain is situated.
These must have been ihe cardinal objects with
the Government, and they are yet. of the greatest
importance to the people.
The unparalleled increase of population in the
country since the acquisition of these lands, and
the improvement, wealth, and prosperity of the
whole aation, since that period, have relieved the
people from the distrrstes alluded to, and enabled
them to pay off the public debt. At this time, the
country is in a situation not to depend on this
source of revenue so much as it did in former days;
and thereby the Government is left more free to
act as to the improvement and settlement of the
new States and Territories. Yet the settlement of
tbe country, and the revenue arising from the sales
of ihe public lands, are so intimately connected
with each other, that one cannot be separated from
the o'hfr. To advance one interest, the other will
abo be benefited. A revenue cannot be raised
from these lands if the country be not settled and
improved. Wild lands wuhout people, and with-
out a maiket, m st evidently will not sell, but re-
main on hand, to the great injury both of the peo-
ple aad the Government.
It must theiefote be the duty of the Government,
in an equitable and reasonable manner, to advance
the settlement and the growth of the country in
which the public lands are situated.
Acting under the influence of these considera-
tions, the policy of the Government has been, for
a series of years past, to secure the actual settler in
his po^se^U'BS on the public lands, and experience
has proved ihe course to be just and equitable.
This policy is so just and equitable that it «eems
strange that any one would oppose it. And al-
though there may be some frauds practised on ihe
Government under the pre-emption system, jet
they are not common, and not more frequent than
w.II be found in other transactions. This can fur-
nish no argument against the system that has done
so much geo.l in securing to the farmer the soil
which he cultivates, and the Government their
price fixed on the public domain.
All the p¡e-empiion laws heretofore passed have
hid a retroactive operation, and provided only for
cases then in existence. There can be no good
reason for this course of policy. Tbe Government
for so many years providing and seeming the rights
of actual settlers, have eniire.y established pub-
lic opinion in thetr favor, and encouraged them
in relying on ihe bounty and liberah'y oí the Go-
vernment. By this course the Government has,
in effect, repealed the law making it a trespass to
settle on the public lands, and nothing now remains
to carry out the enlightened and liberal views of the
Government, but to repeal the law above alluded
to, and make the pre-emption law prospective in its
operation.
*rhe following " exhibit," rec ived from the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, will
show the sales of the public lands, under the auc-
tion, the pre-emption, and the private sale systems.
This statement commences the 22d of June, 1838,
at the date of the last pre emption law, and con-
tinues the sales down for a considerable time.
This statement shows that the average pne  of
all the lands so'd during the period abuve men-
tioned was only one cent and eignteen-hundredths
ot a cent per acre more than the minimum price.
In a pecuniary point of view, the Government
will be mo e than compensated for thus small dif-
ference in the rrce, by the tncreojed sales of the
lands.
Mr Chairman, the graduation law, as the Presi-
dent recommends it, with the proper guards to con
fine it to actual settlers, would be hailel as a law, in
many of the new States, the most beneficial that
could be passed. This measure would brin& into
market lands that are not first rate in their quality,
and have bern in market for many years. It would
settle the coun'ry, and afford many an induotrious
and honest man a gcod home on his own soil
I will banly remind the committee of the
rtions of Colonel Richard M. Johnson
Corgress tome years fines, in   favor of tbe
btors to the QoTerinneut for tbe public, lauds, in
1824, under the credit system, an immense debt
had accrued to the Government on the sale of the
public domain, and a scarcity of mmey also per-
vaded the country at the same lime If tht Go-
veinment had fosced the payment, many an indus-
trious, good man, would have been ruined. The
Vice President had then, as he has now, that hu-
mane and kind feeling for his fellow man in dis-
tress, and he labored night and day in Congress for
those who were indebted to the Government for
their .ands, and procured the passage of an act of
Congress, which permitted all those who had pur-
chased lands of the Government, and had not com-
pleted the payment, to receive ihe quantity of land
for which payment was made, and to relinquish
the balance to the United States. He also exerted
himielf, with others, to reduce the price of ihe pub-
lic lands from two dollars to the present price of
one dollar and twenty five cents per acre. Colonel
Johnson had no direct interest in th s measure, as
he resided then, as he does now, in Kentucky; but
he was influenced by those kind feelings of huma
niiy, which stronely predominate in his character
The people residing on the public domain, or
living in the new State*, know well that they have
a steadfast and warm fi lend at tbe seat of Go-
vernment in ihe person of Colonel Johnson.
Mr. Chairmai, before I conclude my remarks,
I will present one other subject to the considera-
tion of this commi tee, and to the people in the
State of Illinois whim I represent.
The continuation of the Cumberland road is of
Ihe utmost importance to the people that you and
I represent; and some of ihem have desired us to
addre s them on the subjopt. I consider it my
duty, in the relation in whuh I «-tand t0 Ihem, to
give ihem a plain nairative o the hie and death
of Ihe Cumberland road.
People residing in a seciion of the Union re-
mote from the vicinity of this road, take very little
interest in it, and think we tike too much.
This work has been carried on for a series of
years, so that the busine-s and habits of the pec pie
are identified with it, and therefore they are en-
tiemely anxieus that it should be continued.
The General Assembly of ihe State of Illinois
have passed resolutions insisting that this road
should be extended to the Mississippi, at the city of
Alion, and at no other point. 1 have presented
them, this session, to ihe proper committee. Under
Ihe influence ot these resolution", the people of
ihis city became very much excited and interested
in the location and termination of the road at this
point.
In order to cany out iheir views, and to advance
what I sincerely believe to be the best interests of
the people generally, I was, and am still, extremely

H
o
3   p  *
a s * 3
CO
E
I 
25
38185
3SS-388
5S&   S8Í8SS
1%*.      ^      ^           JO
isc£iOi— ooó: Sao
3 & £
3g<5
§•=2 
i a.
° - £
—,¡3-3
a a.
a 2.
s-s
se
S$2Sjgj§£2jSS!gSS.
g58S82feSSSKSS
SgS8iS2S£|S
ST3
§3
•* a
3
•a
2 =>
a g
"•3
3 salte
2 3 v,- Í2
g.Ss'a J 
■      2 -?kS - 
I 2 8 >_^>a-
2SJ3 3
05  (X-   -i
6  ts  H  A
it it a o
ft *• -1 ^
Sí 3 „
-  ;-3 ST
S a c t;
33*3.
V&i
* «-   2
3 111.
1875 S54 acre  sold at auction  for #2,427,014 01, average rae
'              per acre *l 2i 38100ths
5076790 acres sold to   pre emptors an!   ordinary  sale  for
'     '        $6 345,988 C9, at the minimum pnce of «1 25 per
acre
6.9S2.644 acres, the aggregate quantity tpldlfor «8,778,008 10;
average raw per acre f 15  1&-IWUW,
anxious that this appropriation should be made.
Ii is scarcely necessary to remind this committee
of this fact, as they all le-ollect tha. I urged this
measure on their consideration, to such extent that
my exertions become ralher offensive. I will still
vote fur the appropriation on any bill, or in any
shape which it may assume, and 1 pretend net that
I have done more ihan my duty, or more than any
other of it-> friends.
The instructions which you offered, Mr. Chair-
main, failed in the House of Repi «sentad ves by a
vote of 88 to 109, as reported. It will be seen by
the journal, that a majority of those who supported
the appropriation were of the Administration party.
1 recollect well the eloquent speech of the gen-
tleman [Mr. Hoffman of New York] in opposition
to this appropriation. Hit voice, manner, and
gestures, have made a lasting impression on my
mind; and, although he opposed a vital interest of
ours, yet he did it in an open, gentlemanly manner,
so that this "lasting impression" is not an unfriend-
ly one I thought then, as I do now, that his
speech, together with that of Mr Btt.r. of Ten-
nessee, de eaied the appropriation in this House.
Other gentlemen of the same politics joined, albo,
in the debate, and the voles demonsirale that a
majority of those who voted for the road were De-
mocrats.
In the House the discussion was not directly on
a bill for this measure—it was on instructions to re-
port a bill-, but, in the Senate, the judgment was
pronounced directly on a bill for this object, and
the vote stood 20 for it, and 22 against it. This the
record will exhibit. Out of the 20 vetes given for
the bill, 13 were of the Administration party, and 7
of the Opposition; and out of the 22 against it, 12
were of the Opposition, and 10 of the Administra-
tion party.
This decision, no doubt, was the result of the
labored exertions of the most influential and ta-
lented gentleman of the Whig party. We have
seen the speeches of Messrs. Southard of New
Jersey and Clay of Kentucky, and they speak for
themselves on this subject. These gentlemen are
the pride and ornament ol their party, and with
their friends have great controlling power in poli-
tics.
On the oiher hand, we see the exertions of
Messrs Grundy, Wright, Buchanan, and others of
the Administration party, in favor of this measure.
These facts stand recorded in the history of this
transaction; and although it may appear unimpor-
tant in some sections of the Union, yet wiih us, in
the State of Illinois, it is of vital interest to the
people.                                          'l/iUI
It is justice to say, that the Opposition member*
in both Houses of Congress, from Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois, did not join with their party in the
death and murder of the Cumberland road, but act-
ed with the Democratic party in supporting the ap-
propriation.
In conclusion, I can say, that the facts from the
journals justify me in stating that it was the Whig
party m Congress that defeated the Cumberland
road.
The reason urged by many of the party, which
guided them in iheir opposition to this measure is,
that the President did not recommend it. This is
to me a most extraordinary objection coming from
them T he Administration has, on former occa-
sions, recommended it; and the President has signed
a bill appropriating money for this improvement.
It may be the reason with the President that it was
not urged on the consideration of Congress this
year, that Congress refused last session to make an
appropriation for it when it was recommended to
them. Let this be or be not the reason, it is no
excuse for the failure. The Administration, al-
though it did not recommend the measure, is not
opposed to it, but leaves it, as it should be, to the
free actum of Congress.
It is stated in ihe last message that tbe "y/enue
is not so abundant as heretofore, and that *tbe'*
are circumstances that impose the necessity of rigid
economy, and require its prompt and cpnsunt ex-
erci e. W.th the U giUature re t the power and
du.y of so adjusting the public expenditure as to
PI «By'íbípTOTis'tow of (he Constitution, it i* onjj
