S44
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1840.
26th Coico-•••1st. Sbss.
appropriation Bill—Mr. Wetter.
H. of Reps.
ia conseqaence of appropriations made by law
that money can be drawn from the Treasury. No
instance has occurred since the establishment of
the G wernment, in which the Executive, though a
component part ef the legislative power, has ínter-
pos* d an objection to an appropriation bill, on the
sole ground of its extravagance. This duty, in
this re*prct, has been considered fulfilled, by re-
questing such appropriations only as the public
service may be reasonably expected to require."
Ttiese expressions show hat the Pre ident is not
unfriendly to the measure, but leave* it entirely
to the wisdom and discretion of Congress, as he
should do.
To settle the question forever, and to convince
"a man against his will," I would refer the com-
mittee to an act of Congress, approved by Mr.
Van Buren, as President, on the 25th May, 1838,
mat ng an appropriation expres-ly to continue the
Cumber'ond Road. This solemn official act will
do away the fears of the most timid as to the views
of the Executive.
I would appeal to the good sense of every mem-
ber of Congress, let him be Whig or let him be De-
mocrat, if he be not a free man competent and ca-
pable to act on this, as well as all other subjects,
as becomes the Representatives of the people.
Is it possible that the descendants of freemen
must wait thur action for the dictation of a Presi-
dent? or had they not^better " act well their part,
there all the honor lies?" I dare any man to re-
turn to his constituents and tell them that "he
was not independent enough to support this mea-
sure, because the President did not recommend it "
We have heard much said m this hall against
the dictation, and party discipline of the President,
and that the Democrats were net free, but bound
neck and heels by Executive shackles. Is it pos-
sible that the Whig party, after making these ex-
pressions wish to be forced to make this appropr a •
tion by Executive dictation? Or will it not be bet-
ter for both parties to take the responsibility that
i* jnst and proper, and act with that fearless inde-
peuderce that is becoming the Representatives of a
tree and enlightened people?
Taking the facts as contained in the journals,
and to which I respectfully refer the committee, no
other conclusion can be drawn, except that the
Cumberland Road bill received ánd experienced a
Whig death in the Congressjof the united States, in
the year of our Lord 1840.
SPEECH OF MR. WELLER,
or orna
In the Houk qf Representativa, April 18, 1840—In
Committee of the Whole, on the General Ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. Chairman: I have not risen for the purpose
of discussing the mer.ts of the bill now before the
committee, but with a view of saying a few words
upon some of the incidental questions which have
been introduced into this discussion. It is, per-
haps, to be r gretted that in the debates of this
House, members are not confined to the immediate
question under consideration. Such a course
would facilitate the public business, and shorten
very much the period of our sessions. I am, how-
ever, too young a member of this House to attempt
a reformation of its customs. I must take things
as ihey are, and endeavor to suit myself to the
company in which I am thrown; and if other mem-
bers wander from the question, I, too, must be
permitted to do so. It is not myinten>ion, then, to
examine this bill, but to reply to some of theargu-
men s of gentlemen who have preceded me in this
debate.
The Independent Treasury bill has been dragged
into this discussicyij'and a por ion ot the distress
t which now perasfides the land has been attributed
io the anticipate! passage of this meagre. Hold-
ing a seat in /«lis hall under a direct and positive
pwe to support this measure, 1 have deemed it
props/to (ft/end it from the attacks which gentle-
men b¥«#i>een pleaded to make upon it. I do this
now, Mr. Chairman, because I am unwilling that
the denunciations of gentlemen should be circu-
lated from one exUemity of this U non to the
other, without something being said in its favor.
It is, sir, a favorite measure with me, and when-
ever and wherever unjustly assailed or misrepre-
sented, I feel bound to defend it.
What, then, let me ask, is the Independent Trea-
sury, which has been so bitterly denounced by
Whig orators on this floor? It is simply a proposi-
tion io effect a separation between the revenue of
the Government, or the public money, and the bu-
siness of individuals, or incorporan* ns, and «"spe-
cially between that money and the business oí
banking. In oilier word", it is a vropo«ition to
divorce the General Government, m its fiscal ope-
rations, from all connections with banks, and to
collect the revenue in the constitutional currency,
gold and silver. The Administration proposes that
the public money .*hall be collected by officers ap-
pointed by the Government, and amenable for their
conduct to the Government. That these officers
shall safely keep the money of the people until dis-
bursed by law: That suitable places shall be
provided for its deposite: That the officers thus
appointed shall act under the solemnities of an
oath: That they shall give bonds in a sufficient
amount to secure the Government against loss.
That they shall be punished by imprisonment in the
pem'entiary if they use a dollar of the amount de-
posited with them for own private purposes: That
not a cent shall be used or drawn fiom that Trea-
sury, except in pursuance of appropriations made
by law. The Whigs propose to place this money
in the hands of the local banks; and between these
two propositions we are called upon to decide.
The Government, through its own officers, must
take care of fie public treasure, or it must be en-
trusted to the keeping of the banks.
It seems to me, Mr. Chairman, that experience
has fully demonsrated that the banks can never be
made the safe depositories of the public money.
Enough has been already seen to prove that a con-
nection with them mast be attended with the m^st
disastrous results. We have seen them, in 1837,
in a time of profound peace a> d general pros-
perity, closing their doors against their credi-
tors, and refusing to pay the Government the
amount deposi'ed in their vaults for safe keeping,
and thus crippling'and embarrassing it operations. If
the experiment has been tried, and we have been
cheated and defrauded by the-e irst tutions, is it
not the part of wisdom to avoil them in fu'ure?
Shall we not profit by the lesion experience has
taught us? Will we renew a connection which time
has proved must be destructive to the best interests
of ihe country? I trust we will not thus madly in-
volve our country in ruin.
[Mr. Wkller was here called t© order^and ob-
jections were made to his proceeding upon the
ground that he had ne right to discuss a measure
not now before thp committee. A desultory debate
ensued, in wh ch Mr. W. declared his willingness
to yield the floor and close his remarks, if the com-
mittee would then take the vote on the bill. Seve-
ral Whig members objecting to this, Mr. W. pro-
ceeded in his remarks.]
I assure gentlemen that it is not my intention to
enter into an elaborate discussion of the Indepen-
dent Treasury bill at this time. When that mea-
sure is properly before the House, if my health per-
mits and an opportunity is presented, I shall be
pleased to express my views fully upon it, and to
meet all the objections which may be urged against
it. My only object now is to explain so much of
i's provisions as may be necessary to correct the
misrepresenta'ions of gentlemen who have prece-
ded me. If it was in order for gentlemen on the
other side to denounce this measure, and charge
the Administration with having produced the dis-
tress which now exists in the country, it certainly
ought to be in order to respond to these charges. If
yoa, Mr.Chairman, had confined the gentlemen who
have preceded me in this debase, to the question be-
fore the commit'ee, I certainly should not have
deemed it necessary to submit any remarks on this
occasion. Sir, it is strange, yea, passing strange,
that after a Whig orator has occupied the at-
tention of the committee for three days in
vilifying the Adramstration and discussing the
civil and military character of General Harrison,
that 1 should be considered out of order in
briefly noticing a question which has been drag-
ged into this di^cu^sion. I hope, -ir, that I shall
b" permutted to pro?«ed without further mtenup.
tion.
Will any man tell me that it is expedient to
place the Government in such a situation that the
suspension of the banks will operate as a sus-
pension of payments on the part of the pubhc
Tiea u'y? The Government ought to be able, at
all time'-, to comply with its contracts and meet
its engagements Its ability to pay i s debts shou'd
not be made dependent upon ihe solvency, or
insolvency, of ihe banks. The preservation of
the public fai'h requires that the Government
should be ready, at all times, to pay the honest
claims which may be presented against it. The
Independent Treasury would place the Govern-
ment in a situation where us solvency cauld not
be effected by the swindling practices of bankers or
the failure of banks. Besides, sir, the^e banks are
the creatures of State legislation—accountable to
the States alone for their conduct; and every at-
tempt, on the part of the General Government,
to control them, is a direct invasion of the rights
of the States. I have said that it was rf the
utmost importance that the General Government
should be ready, at all limes, to pay its deb's in a
constitutional manner. If the public revenue is
collected in paper and depicted in the banks, how,
I a?k you, can the Government discharge its obli-
gations in a constitutional manner? The Consti-
tution will not permit you to force paper upon the
public creditor, and consequently, if specie is de-
manded, the Government must violate its con-
tracts.
Again, sir, when you have placed the public
treasure in the vaults of the banks, and suffered u
to become a part of their funds, have you not, in
effect, levied a tax on one portion of the people for
the benefit of another? Do you not violate every
principle of common jusiice, as well as the spintof
our institutions, in collecting revenue from the peo-
pie for the benefit of bankers? Why, this would be
enabling the banks to fleece and swindle the peo-
ple with the people's own money! Besides, in this
way you make the banks directly interested in
every question presented to Congress in relation to
the collection and disbursement of the revenue.
You bnild up, by legislation, a power, the interest
of which is directly adverse to the interest of the
people. It is t J the interest of ihe people that the
amount collected from them, by way of revenue,
should be as light as possible. It will be to the in-
terest of thr banks that it should be as heavy as
possible, because the larger the amount collected,
the greater will be the amount deposited with them,
and the larger will b  the profit derived from its
use. In every question, then, connected with the
adjus'ment of the tariff, or the collection of reve-
nue, you make them directly interested. Their
influence would soon be seen and felt to a greater
extent than it now is, in our national councils.
This hall would be filled with bankers and bank
dependants. They would have their attorneys
here to watch over (he legislation of this House.
In this way the stream of legislation would become
corrupted, and our Republican mstitut ons endan-
gered L*>t them once become identified, by law,
with the Government, and they would soon control
its politics and wield its destinies. The Govern-
ment would then be in the hands of a corrupt, ir-
responsible moneyed aristocracy, and the original
simplicity oí its institutions destroyed.
It is a lamentable fact that there is not a legisla-
tive council in our country where the influence of
these banks may not be seen in its deliberations.
Their agents have found their way into our State
Legislatures, and so shaped the coarse of legisla-
tion, as to fasten them more firmly upon us. Every
effort at reforming their abuses is defeated, and
men who have been recognised at home as sound
uncompromising Democrats, have fallen under the
influence cf these institutions, and supported mea-
sures calculated to sustain them in their swindling
practices. What who'esome change can be ex-
pected in these incorporations, so long as the peo-
ple send into their legislative halls men who are
identified with the frauds of banker ? How long
will my countrymen submit to see their rights
trampled upon, and odious monopolies cherisb*4
