April 
1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr, Petrik'm.
H. of Reps.
bill finally passed the Hi use by a vite of 39
to 28.
Io 1811, it is well known that a distinguished
member of the other House, [Mr. Clay,] made
one of his ablest speeches against the constitu-
tionality of sach an institution.   He has changed
his opinion—but that does not change the Consti-
tution.   1 am not, however, disposed to rely upon
the opinions of others.   I take the in trument and
examine it for myself; and, if I cannot find the
power delegated to create such an incorporation, I
am opposed to the exercise of it.   I am one of
those who believe that the perpetuity of the Union
depends upon confining the General Government
to the exercise of those powers which have been
expressly delegated, or which are absjlutely neces-
sary to carry some delegated power into effect.   If
yon once admit that Congress can, under that sec-
t on of the Constitution which provides that we
shall have power to pass Jail laws "necessary for
the common defence and general welfare," crea'e a
National Bank, you give the General Government
nnhmiied power; you take off all restraints, and
«nable it, at pleasure, to swallow up the sovereign-
ty of the States; you create a gra.nd consolidated
(iovernment.upon the ruin ef ihe Sta'ei, and break
down every barrier which the Federal Constitution
has raised against unlimited legislation.   The pen-
pie have given us what they supposed to be ample
powers; but if, upon experience and   a fair trial,
they have been found inadequate, they have pro-
vided means for enlarging those powers by amend-
ing the Constitution; but, in the meanwhile, they
hava said you must not dare to usurp the powers
which we have reserved.
But, sir, I oppose snch an institution because of
the dangerous powers which must be conferred
upon jt. The character of such an institution has
been well described by Mr. Jefferscn in his letter
to Mr. Gallatin in 1803.    He says:
"From a passage in the letter of the President [of the II. S.
Bank,] I observe an idea of establishing a branch bank of the
Voiced States in New Orleans. This institution is one of the
most deadly hostility existing, against the principles and form
of our Constitution. The nation is, at thi9 time, so strong and
united in its sentiments, that it cannot be shaken at this mo-
ment. But suppese a series of untoward events should occur,
sufficient to bring into doubt the competency of a Republican
Government to meet a crisis of great danger, or to unhinge the
confidence of the people in the public functionaries; an institu-
tion like this, penetrating by its branches every part of the
Union, acting by command, and in phalanx, may, in a critical
moment, upset the Government. I deem no Government rafe
which is under the vassalage of any self-constituted authorities,
or any other authority than that of the nation, or its regular
functionaries.' What an obstruction could not this Bank of the
United states, with all its branch banks, be in time of
war! It might dictate to us the peace we should accept, or
withdraw its aids. Ought we then to give further growth to an
institution so powerful, so hostile? That it is so hostile, we
know: 1st, from a knowledge of the principles of the persons
cimposing the body of the directors in every bank, pr.ncipal or
branch, and those of most of the stockholders: 2d, from their
opposition to the measures and principles of the Government,
and to the election of those friendly to them: and 31, from the
sentiments of the newspapers which they support. Now,
while we are strong, it is the greatest duty we owe to the safety
of our Constitution, to bring this powerful enemy to a perfect
lubardinatioo under its authorities. The first measure would be
to reduce there lo an equal footing ordy with other banks, as to the
favors of the Government. But, in order to ba able to meet a
general combination of the banks against us, in a critical emer-
gency, could we not make a beginning towards an independ-
ent use of our own monev, towaids holding our own bank in
all the deposites where it is received, and letting the Treasurer
give his draft or note for payment at any particular place,
which, in a well conducted Government, ought to have as much
Bjedjt ap any private draft, or bank note, or bill, and would
give us the same facilities which we derive from the banks?"
It will be seen, by the extract which I have just
read, that Mr. Jefferson was a "Sub-Treasury
man." He speaks of the nrcesfity of "an inde-
pendent use of our own money," being the very
principles invo'.ved in the measure now proposed
by the Administration.
Gentlemen here, who are the advocates of a Na-
tional Bank, have told us that General Jackson,
in vetoing the bill for the renewal of the old Bank,
disregarded the expressed will of the people! Sir, I
have frequently, since I had the honor of a seat in
this hall, been compelled to sit and hear that distin-
guished patriot, for this act, denounced as a bold
usurper, and a lawless tyrant. I confess, Mr.
Chairman, that th« application of tírese epithets to
that illustrious statesman, has at limes made the
blood boil in my veins; and it has been no easy
matter for me to repress my feelings. But, sir,
these charges will have no other effect upon the
public mind, than -to excite the indignaron of the

people. Andrew Jackson is above the reach of his
slanderer*. His name and his virtures will be re-
membered long after the miserable slang-whangers
who are now traducing him, shall have sunk into
oblivion, and been forgotten forever. He has re-
tired from the busy .«■cenes of political life, its tur-
moil, and strife, and gone to his Hermitage, to
spend the remainder of his day3 amongst his old
friends, the warm-hearted companions of his early
Me. The pmyers of the American Democracy
have accompanied him to his retirement; and when
it pleases an all-wise and superintending Providence
to remove him to another slate of existence, his
grave will be watered by the tears of his grateful
countrymen—his monument will be a nation's grati-
tude. When the party excitement which now prevails
shall have subsided, and reason and patriotism are
permitted to act upon the mind, common consent
will award htm a niche in the temple of fame next
to that of the illustrious Washington. Often, in
after years, will the young patriot, in whose bosom
the sacred fire of Democracy has been kindled,
make a pilgrimage to his tomb, and then, over the
grave which contains the bones of the illustrious
statesman and warrior, recount his deeds of nob'e
daring upon the field of ba tie, and his firmness
and moral courage in the councils of the nation.
Sir, the howling denunciations of the Whig orators
cannot injure him. His fame is fixed, unalterably
fixed, in the hearts of his countrymen.
Mr. Chairman, I have a few words to say in re-
lation to the charge here preferred against him of
having disregarded the public will. I think I can
find abundant evidence in a report referred to on
vesterday by my eloqupnt friend from Virginia,
[Mr. Steenrod,] to show the manner in which
that bill passed Congress. I allude to the report
made by John Tyler of Virginia, the present Whig
candidate for the Vice Pre>idency, in the Senate of
the United Sutes, in December, 1834. That will
furnish us a clue by which we may under.-tand
how this bill came to pa«s in Congress. That re-
port shows, that, in 1832, (bein* the year the Bank
was vetoed,) there were forty-four members of Cotí-
gres* indebted to that Bank; that the amount of
their indebtedness was four hundred and sevenly-
ty-eight thousand and iixty nine dollars! These were
the Representatives of the peop'e, who were sitting
in judgment to decide whether the public interest re-
quired a renewal of the charter of that Bank ! A
renewal of the charter would secure a re-
newal and extension of their loans, and
consequently they had no doubt about the expe-
diency of the measure ! Here you find men voting
on a question in which they had a direct pecuniary
interest. It is foriunate for the country that we
had in the Executive chair a man who had moral
courage and firmness enough to meet the crisis here
presented, and defeat the machinations of a cor-
rupt faction. The whole amount loaned to mem-
bers of C jngress, as shown by this report, in the
four years preceding 1834, was nearly a million and
a halj of dollars. The whole number of n.embers
to whom loans were made in that period was (wo
^hundred an.l twenty-three!
The Bank was vetoed by Gen, Jackson in June,
. 1832. In his message, returning the bill, he to'd
ihe people that he bad discharged what he con-
ceived to be his duty, and if he had erred, they
would have an opportunity, in a few months, of
applyirg the corrective at the ballot box. The
Bank openly entered the political field against him,
with its numerous branches, its hired orators and
pensioned presses. The same report to which I
have already alluded, shows thit 'the Bank ex-
pended, in the publication and distribution of Whig
speeches and pamphlets, denouncing Gen. Jackson
and his administration, during.the year 1832, the
sum of eighteen thousand four hundred and ninety
dollars and seventy-nine cents! Here you will see
the tremendous power of that Bank and the ex'ra-
ordinary means resorted to in-order to defeat the
re-election of the old chief. The contest was a
warm and a violent one, but the people triumphed.-
At the ballot box they endorsed the act for which
the Whig* have denounced him as a lawless ty-
rant. The fact that the people re-eleOted him,
proves, conclusively that he did not disreaafd their
will in the exercise of the vetcrpower.     That veto
will reflect honor upon  his name long after you
and I have passed from the stage of action.
A few words more, Mr. Chairman, and I have
done. A National Bank must necessarily, from
the very principles upon which it is established,
exercise a powerful influence not only over the
commercial, but over the po'úical, interests of the
country. Give such an insiitution the power to
regulate the currency of the Government, and it
will have the power to control the po'it'cs of the
country. Like the old bank, it would enter the
political arena, corrupt the elective franchise, de-
stroy the fieedom of the press, and soon draw
within its voracious maw the rights and liber-
ties of the people. Believing-, wilh Mr. J«f-
ferton, that such an institution is of the most
most deadly hostility to our free Government, I
could never be induced to give my support to it.
Knowing, as I do, that if the Whigs obtain the as-
cendency, they will charter such an institution, I
would this day, if I had a voice that ct uld be
heard by the whole American people, urge them to
activity and vigilance in the approaching contest.
I would tell them that this was not a time when
freemen should be found slumbering upon their
posts; lhat the safety of our Republican insti-
tuí ons requires them to prepare for the ¡ap-
proaching election. I would entreat them, in the
name of theirjRevolutionary fathers, who perilled
their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honors,
to secure to us the inestimable blessings we now en-
joy, to watch well the movements of the Federal
aristocracy. I would ask ihem to &wear their chil-
dren, ere they have left the lap of their mothers,
and been contaminaied by the selfishness of corrup-
tion of the world, to wage unceasing warfare
against every institution calculated to build up and
sustain a moneyed aristocracy amongst us. I
would tell ihem that, if this Government, which
for more than hall' a century has attracted the
wonder and admiration of the world, is to remain
unchanged, they must lay ihe foundation of their
legislation br<<ad and deep in an equa:ity of po-
litical rights. And if it were the last word I had
to utter this side of eternity, I would implore
them to discountenance the efforts now making by
the Whigs to establish a National Bank. God
grant that the hour may never con.e, when the
great ma-s of my coun'rymen shall be made the
seifs and slaves, the hewers of wood and drawers
of water, to a haughty, purse-proud, and insolent
aristocracy.
SPEECH OF MR. PETRIKIN,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives, April 17, 1840—In
Committee of the Whole, on  the General Ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. PETRIKIN observed: Mr. Chairman, I
perfectly agree with several gentlemen who have
condemned the waste of time occupied in discuss-
in? subjects which have no reference to the ques-
tion now properly under consideration before the
commiitet*, and I shall not follow their example,
w.th the exception of noticing some remarks made
by my colleague from Pi nnsylvania, [Mr. Ogle,]
who has indulged himself in what I suppose he
thought a specimen of his wit, and which I think
illiberal and unfounded, and which he travelled out
of his way to make. T shall, therefore, ask the
indulgence of the committee for a few minute ,
while I noiice them.
I was not nresent when my colleague made his
remarks, but a friend has been kind -enough to fur-
nish them to me. My colleague said "his colleague
[Mr. Petrikin] had lately been at home for op-
wards of two weeks, and finding an expression,
among the* log cabins there, had returned, and
.brought his cue back with hirir; and we had evi-
dence this morhing of some misgivings and waver-
ings in his support of the spoi/ers."
I have been home, Mr. Chairman, and_ visited
many of my constituents—some of them m their
log cabins—and have' returned wi'h my "cues. •
Not one "cue" only, for I can assure my colleague
lhat I have two "cues:" one winch I wear ap-
pended to my head, which follows me; the other .s
the cue of political principle and common home-.
