Mar. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE COÑGUÉÍSSlOttAL GLOBE.
m
26th Cokg« « 1st Sess,
Treaty with the New Fork Indiana—Mr. ff 'right.
Senate.
What then was this treaty, in its es-ental provi-
sions, so far as the rights of the United Slates and
of these Indians were concerned? The entire in-
strument wis loo long to trouble the Senate with,
■while a very short statement would give the points
upon which the discussion mnst rest.
Article 1 cedes to the United States the lands of
the New York Indians, at Green Bay, not other-
wise disposed of, computed at 435,000 acres.
Article 2 secures to these Indians a country in
the Indian territory, west of the Mississippi, equal
to 320 acres of land for each soul, the whole com-
puted at 1,834,000 acres.
Article 15 stipulates to pay to the Indians from
the Treasury of the United States $400,000, "to aid
them in removing to their new homes, and support-
ing themselves the first year after their removal; to
encourage and assist them in education, and being
taught to cultivate their lands; in erecting mills and
other necessary houses; in purchasing domestic ani-
mals and farming utensils, and acquiring a know-
ledge of mechanic arts."
These were the principal provisions of the trea-
ty, in a properly sense, as affecting the pecuniary
interests of the Government or the Indians. Some
other articles there were stipulating for the pay-
ment of small sums to some of the smaller bands,
bnt the amount, in no single case, exceeds $5,000,
and the aggregate amount is but about $20,000.
As connected with this branch of the subject,
however,   are two separate treaties: the one be-
tween the Seneca band of Indians, the pre-emp-
tion company, and the State of Massachusetts, and
the other  between the Tuscarora  band and the
same parties.   The first conveys to the pre-emp-
tion company all the remaining lands of ihe Séne-
cas within  the State of New York, consisting of
four reservations, as follows:
The Buffalo Ceeek reservation, con-
taining           ....       49,920 acres
The Cattaraugus reservation,      -       21,680   "
The Aliegany reservation,          -       30,469    "
The Tunawonda reservation,      -       12,800   "
In all,          -          -          -     114,869    
As the consideration money for the purchase,
the pre-emption company stipulate to pay to the
Seneca Indians the sum of two hundrei and
two thousand dollars in money, and the tenth
article of the treaty with the United Stales, now
under consideration, stipulates tint the United
States will receive, hold, and invest for these In-
dians, one hundred thousand dollars of this money,
and will pay them the annual interest thereon for
ever; and that the improvements upon ihe re
servations, being thp property of individual In-
dians, shall be appraised, and ihe one hundred
and two thousand dollars be paid to the own-
ers thereof in just, proportions
The treaty wiih the Tuscarora band cedes to
the pre-emption company their small reservation
of 1,920 acres, called "the Tirscorora reservation,"
or "Seneca grant," for whch the pre-emption
company stipulate to pay the sum of nine thou-
sand six hundred dollars in money.
The title of the  respective  binds to the lands
last mentioned, was \h?. ordinary Indian tiil« of
possession: and occupancy; the company, a^ will
hereafter appear, having long since purchased the
pre-emption right from the State of Massachusetts.
By tne fourteenth article of the treaty with the
United States, the Tuscarora band cede to the Uni-
ted Slates 5000 acres of land which  thfy own in
fee, situate in Niagara county, in the Siate ofNew
York, to be held for them ia  trust, and to be sold
at the value as appraised and ihe money to be paid
to them, so far as the valuss of the improvements
ace concerne 1, and invested for their benefit, and
Ihe annual interest thereon paid to them forever, so
far as the value of the soil, separate from the im-
provements, shall be realized, the expenses of sur-
vey, approvement, and sale, being first deducted.
This was a concise view of the pecuniary stipu-
laticns of ihe ihree treati< s, and upon them the dis-
cussion had hitherto rested, and must rest, as he had
heard of do complaints from any quarter, ss to the
other stipulations with any portion of ihese In-
dians.
It would now be proper to examine the condi-
23
tion of the question before the Senate, in order that
a clear understanding of ihe case presented may be
had. What, then, is the real question before the
body, and how has it come here?
We find the firvt printed paper, in the large file
upon our table.*, to be a message from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting this treaty
to the Senate, with the volume of papers which ac-
company it, and expressing his clear convictions
upon the following points:
1.  That the removal of these Indians is essential
to iheir prosperity and welfare, and even lo their
preservation as a people.
2.  That the true interests of the sections of coun-
try where they are, require that they should be re-
moved.
3.  That th? terms of the treaty are liberal to-
wards'the Indians in every respect.
Yet it is not proclaimed by the President, but
returned to the Senate for a further expression on
its part; and what expression is saughil Whether,
in its judgment, this liberal treaty has been as-
tented to by the Indians, in conformity w¡th the
rule establiihed by the Senate for giving that as-
sent. This is ihe single point presented, and upon
which an expression of the Senate is desired.
How have doubts arisen upon this point? Cer-
tainly from the peculiar action of the Senate opon
the treaty at some former stage of that action, or
from the peculiarity of the assent whieh the In-
dians have, in fact, given, or from both. An ex-
amination of the history of the treaty will show
where rest the difficulties.
The original treaty, which forms the basis of
this discussion, was concluded between ihe New
York Indians and the United States, on the 15th
day of January, 1838. About the due execution
of that treaty by the Indians, there has not been,
and is not, any question. It was presented to all
the bands, convened in a common council, and
was assented to by all, to the satisfaction of the
Senate.
That treaty, thus made on tne part of these
bands, was 'subsequently, and duiing the annual
session of the Senate of 1837-38, transmitted 10 this
body lor its ratification, by the President of the
United States, in the usual form of transacting such
business. It was referred to the proper committee
of the Senate for examination and advisement.
The committee found many of its provisions ob-
jectionable to them, from being too vague, and pre-
senting loo uncertain a re-ponsibility on the part
of this Government. The removal of the Indians,
their subsistence for one vear, the erection of
mills, school houses, blacksmith shops, churches,
and many other expsnditures,were stipulated, with-
out any amount stated as the maximum of expen-
diture to which ihe Treasury of the United Stat**
might be subjected. The committee as he under-
stood at the time, and now believes, referred these
matters of ordinary expenditure to the head ol th^
Indian Bureau, for an estimate of the amount of
money required to m*et th>-m, and framed their
!5'h ariHe of the amend-d treaty, upon the elí-
mate returned from that officer; thus giving^for the
objects enumerated in that article, the full amount
of that fitimate, hut limiting Ihe amount whi< h
could be called for, to the §400,000 therein stipu-
lated to be paid, that being the amount esti-
mated.
There were other articles in the original treaty,
sTpulaung for the payment of gratuiiie> to indivi-
dual Indians by nains, providing funds for a unt-
ver-iiy, an I the like, winch, the committee wholly
rejected, without proposiug any  equivalent.
Thus an amended treaty was formed by the
committee on Indian a flairs ofthe Senate,, and re-
ported to the body lor its. acceptance, which met
with its unanimous conenrrence. It was ratified
on the llih of June, 1838, and returned to the In-
dians for their assent, wiih a special resolution,
which has laid the foundation for the present con-
troversy.
It was proper here to remark lha'the resolutions
of the Senate oí ihe 1 lib of Jon*, 1838, were a
complete ratification of ihe amended treaty on its
pari; that the instrument, in all its parts, was thus
mude per eel, so far as the constitutional action
of thU body, in the formation of a treaty, was con-
cerned, and that the only ihing which remained to
ba done was the giving of the requisite assent, by
the several bands of Indians, according to the reso-
lutions for that purpose which the Senate adopted.
That resolution was made part of the proceed-
ings of ratification on ihe part of the Senate, was,
upon its face, to be adopted by a vote of two-
thirds of the Senators present; and was, therefore,
if met by the Indians with the assent required, the
final close of our action on the subject of the treaty
in our Executive character. The resolution was
in.the following words:
"Provided always, and ke it further resolved, (two thirds
ofthe Senate present concurring,) Thai the treaty shall have
no force or eflect whatever, as it relates to any of said tribes,
nations, or bands of New York Indians, nor shall it be under-
stood that the Senate have assented to any ofthe contracts con-
nected with it, until the same, with the amendments herein pro
posed, is submitted, and fully and fairly explained, by a com-
missioner of the United States, to each of said tribes or bands,
separately assembled in council, and they have given their free
and volunta! y assent thereto; and if one or more of said tribes
or bands, when consulted as aforesaid, shall freely assent to
said treaty as amended, and to their contract connected there
with, it shall be binding and obligatory upon those so assenting,
although other or others of said bands or tribes may not give
their assent, and thereby cease to be parties thereto: Provided,
further^ That if any portion or part of said Indians do not emi-
grate, the President shall retain a proper proportion of said sum
of four hundred thousand dollars, and shall also deduct, from the
quantity of land allowed west ef the Mississippi, such number
oí acres as will leave to each emigrant three hundred and twenty
acres only."
With its fell ratification, and this conditional re-
solution, the Senate returned the treaty to the Pre-
s dent as amended, for him, as the Execntive ofthe
nation, to carry its orders into effect, but most
clearly without any thing further on its part to be
done, to make the whole a valid and operative
treaty.
The President, during the vacation of Congress,
caused th * treaty, as amended by the Senate, to be
again submitted to ihe Indians for their assents,
according to the resolution of the Senate above
given.
On the 21st of January, 1839, the President, by a
message, returned the amended treaty lo the Se-
nate. For what? For ratification again by this
body*? No; but far this body to say whether the
assents given by the various bands of Indians, was
in conformity with our resolution of the 11th of
June, 1838, and was sufficient to authorize him to
proclaim the treaty. As to all the bands, except
the Sénecas, the President expresses the opinion, in
his then message, that the assents had been "en-
tirely satisfactory." As to the assent of the Séne-
cas he seems not to have been satisfied, and for that
reast n te> have returned the treaty and papers to
the Senate.
The whole matter was then again referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs of this body, and un-
derwent before them a laborious investigation, in-
cluding the examination of numerous witnesses.
The result was an inability, on Ihe part of ihe com-
mittee, then consisting of four members, tocóme to
any conclusion, or to recommend any specific
course of action to the Senate.
Under these circumstances, the subject first came
up for the consideration and action of the body, on
Saturday, the 2d day of March, 1830; at that time,
universally supposed to be the last legislative day
of the session. It was immediately apparent, as
all who were then here will recpllect, lhat no de-
cisive action could take place, without protracted
debate, as the documents were voluminous, the
statements complicated and coitradictory, and the
opinions of Senators, as well as of the different
members of the committee, strongly conflicting.
The public appropriation bills, also, with a
large share of the other legislation of the session,
remained in an unfinished state, and it was impos-
sible for the Senate to devole its time to a subject
of this character, at that period of a short session.
To pass the «abject over, therefore, and not per-
mit ihe treaty, and the whole negotiation, to drop,
for want of consideration and action, the Senate
passed its resolution of the 2d of March, 1839.
That resolution was offered by his honorable col-
league, a friend to the treaty, and after a very ut-
ile conversation and fome slight verbal modifica-
tion?, sugges-ed hy other  and promptly accepted
by ihe mover, wa' adopted, as bis present impres-
sion was, by tw*-thiids of the Senators preset,
t was in the fol'owing words;
I
