SJ5-
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£6rH Cov?*'"«l8T Sesv.
Treaty with the New York Indiana—Mr. Wrigh'
Mar. 1840.
Senate.
"Resolved, Tnac whenever the President of the United
Pia'e* shall be satisfied tljat lhe assent ol the Sen«ca tribe of
Indians h.is been given to the amended treaty of June 11th,
1S33 wiih the New York Indians, according to ihe true intent
and leaning of the resolution of the Senate of the tlthof June,
183?,:h¡> Senate recommend that the President make procla-
mation ot said treaty, and carry the game into effect."
With this resolution the treaty was remanded to
the Pre>ident for the turther acion of the Execu-
tive Department. In as much as the President had
returned the amended treaty to the Senate for an
expression of is opinion as to the sufficiency of
the assent of the Seneca band, and as the resolu-
tion above given did not express an affirmative
opsn'on upon that point, that officer very naturally
supposed that further efforts on his pan to obtain
the assent of this band were contemplated. Dur-
ing; the vacation of 1839, therefore, he seot the Se-
cretary of War, in peison, to hold a ouncil with
this band, and again lay the amended t.eaty before
their chiefs in council, for their more formal
assents.
Thecouncit was held on the 13th and 14th days
of August, 1339, and "talks" were interchanged
between the Secretary, the agent of ihe New York
Indians, and the chiefs and principal men, not of
the Sfneca band merely, but of several of the other
bands. These "talks," on the part of (he Indians,
w«te principally strong recriminations between
the friends and the opponents of the treaty, and re-
sulted in nothing decisive, either in  faver of, or
against the measure, as applicable to the Seneca
band, or to any other portion of the New York In-
dians. A fall report of the proceedings of this
council is found with the printed documents before
the Sena'e; and is all the evidence of any efforts
on the part of the Executive to obtain the farther
assent of any poriion of ihe Indians to the treaty,
after the passage of the resolution of the Senate of
the 2d March, 1839.
• Under this state of facts, the amended treaty,
with a mass of documents in favor of and against
it, was reiurned to the Senate by the President,
during our presjnt session, accompanied by his
m ss'ge of the 15th of January, before refer-
red to.
Ail the papers have been again referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs of this body, and, af-
ter full consideration, the committee ananimously
report that ihe s'ate of facts have not been changed,
so far as the action of ihe Senate is concerned,
since the treaty was last submitted '0 us; that the
que-tion now is, as it was in 1839, when the
amended treaty was before the Senate, upon the
submission of the Piesident, with his message of
the 21st of January of that year, have the Seneca
band of Indians given their assent to this amended
treaiy, in conformity with the spirit and intent of
the Senate's resoiuuoa of ratification of the 11th of
June, 1838?
Th'S is the simple questiou for the Senate to de-
cid*, and this long hiswy shows in what man-
ner, and under what circumstances, it has come
belore us.
Before proceeding to di-xuss this question, jus-
tice to the President requires a few words in expla-
nation of his course.    It  has been  already  more
than intimated that his reference of this question
to the Senate is improper, that the point was one
for him to decide, as his action alone  is callad for
to render ihe treaty perfect and operative.    Differ-
ing with the President, as he did, in reference to
the sufficiency of the assent of the Seneca*, within
the fair intent and meaning of the resolution of the
Senate of ihe 11th of June, 1838, yet his convic-
tions were clear that that officer had dischared his
duty most properly, in asain  referring the question
of doubt to the decision of the Senate.    Where was
the doubt, and how had it arisen?   Out of the acts
of the Indians, by W3y of assent or disfenf?   No.
But out of what should be considered the true con-
struction  of the  resolution of the Senate, under
which that assent was to be made    The President
tells us he thinks we intended that the chiefs should
assent '• in council," and he says, " no advance to-
tearás obtaining the assent of the Seneca  tribe to the
amended treaty, in council,  was made, nor can the
assent of a majority of them, in council,  be now ob-
tained."     This language refers expressly  to  the
(efforts made by the President, through the Secrtta-
ry of War, after the passage of the resolution
of the Senate of the 2d of March, 1839; and,
while it shows the construction which he was
inclined to put upon the resolution of rati-
fication of the 11th of June, 1838, proves, aKo, that
he supposed the resolution of the 2d of March, 1839,
contemplated further measures on his part lo ob-
tain the assent of this band. Stil he was not con-
fident, as his message abundantly shows,, that his
construction of the resolution of ratification was
that which the S nate intended; and hence his refer-
ence again of the whole matter to this body, that
we might put our own construction upon our own
act. A different course on his part would necessa-
rily have been a final rejection of the treaty, inas-
much as tíere is no pretence that a majority of the
Seneca chiefs assented "in council." So long as
there was doubt, therefore, it was his imperative
duty to make the reference he has made, and to
leave it to this body to say what it intended, and
whether, from all the facts in the case, which
he has most properly laid before us, the spirit
and intent of our resolution has been complied
wi'h.
This brought him to the real question presented
for di-cussion; and tedious as he had been com-
pelled to be in his manner of reaching it, he hoped
he had succeeded in so far clearing the ground as
to render the position in which he now stood per-
fectly perceptible. Had, then, the New York In-
dians, and especially the Seneca band, given their
assent to the amended treaty, according to the spirit
and inient of the resolutions of the Senate of the
11th of June, 1838, by which the Senate ratified
that treaty on its part and tendered it to these In-
dians for their assentl This was the question. If
they had, the matter was at an end. The contract
had received the sanction of both Ihe contracting
parties, and it was in the power of neither t  annul
it without the assent of the other. If they had not,
it was no treaty as to the bands not assenting, and
nothing which the Senate could do would make it
valid as to them. The question was one of fact.
The evidence was all before us, and we were the
j'iry by which that fact was to be found, and the
consequence, whatever should be our verdict,
would necessarily follow.
What, then, was the fact? The resolution of the
Senate contained two prerequisites to the consum-
mation of the treaty by the Indians:
1.  That it, with the amendments of the Senate,
should be submitted and fully and fairly ex-
plained, by a commissioner of the Uni ed State?,
to each of said ttibes or bands, separately assem-
bled in council.
2.   That each of ihe said tribes or bands shall
have given their freehand voluntary assent to the
treaty as amended.
It is admitted on all hands that the first of the=e
prerequisites has been fully and fairly and honestly
complied with; that the commissioner of the United
Sates has submitted the amended treaty to each of
the tribes or bands, separately assembled in coun-
cil, and has there fully and fairly explained the
same to them, according to the terms and spirit
and intent of our resolution. Here, therefore, he
felt at liberty to dismiss that branch of the discus-
sion.
It only remains to determine whether the In-
dians have given their free and voluntary assent to
the amended treaty.
Here, again, the grooad is narrowed down to
the Seneca band, as all admit—the President, in
his message of 1839, and ihe Committee on Indian
Affair?, in their reports at the last and present ses-
sions of the Senate—that the assent of all the
other bands has be«n satisfactorily given.
The majority of ihe committee now report that
the S fneca band have not so assented, and their ho-
norable chairman has made a most able and forci-
ble argument to sustain that report. He did nr-t
flatter himself that he could so well deserve the
attention of the Senate, or that he could discuss
the question so clearly and forcibly, as he could not
pretend to have made himself so thoroughly ac-
quainted with the vo'ume of documents to be exa-
mined. Yet he would try to maintain the opposite
side oí the argument, and to trespass as lightly as
possible upon the patience  and attention which
might be extended towards him.
To establish ihe number of chiefs of the Seneca
nation entitled to b? consulted, and authorized to
act, in making treaties, was first necessary. It
would appear singular to those who had not exa-
mined these papers, that this should be a question
of dispute even amone, not the Indians simply, but
among their admitted chiefs and nothing could
more lorcibly demonstrate the perishing stale of
the-e unfonuna'e remnants of the Indian race of
the North than this sing's fact. They have lost
the number, and are ignorant of the persons, of
those who are entitled to exercis? the supreme
power of their nation. Yei he felt aulhonzed to
assume that the real number of chiefs, or in any
event the highest number which the papers would
autiionze us to assume,was eighty-one. This was the
number assumed hy the President, by the head of
the Indian bureau, by the committee, and by the
honorable chairman in his argument; and this was
the number he should assume as the proper one to
test the execut on of the treaty.
It was assumed that the assent of a majority of
the chiefs was requisite to constitute a valid execu-
tion of the treaty on the part of the nation, and of
course that the signatures of forty-one of the eighty-
one chif fs was the least number which could con-
stitute an assent. Without admitting that the ac-
tion of a ra3Jonty of all these eighty-one chiefs was
requisite to the formation of a valid treaty, or even
that it was neces;ary or proper, to call for the ac-
tion of a majority of all the chiefs of all grades
for suth a purpose, he snould argue the question
upon the hypothesis that the concurrence of a ma-
jority of the whole was necessary in ihis case; and
he should do so, because he felt entire confidence
that even under that rule the Senate would be able
to decide that the assent of the Seneca band to the
amended treaty had been obtained.
To those, however, who, with the honorable
chairman, had made up their minds that the signa-
tures of tiiis majority of the chiefs must have been
given "in council," and that any assent of a chief
given elsewhere, however freely and fairly, is to
be treated as a nullity, he had no argument to
make. There was no pretence that a majority of
the chiefs signed the arr.ended treaty "in council;"
and if that was to be held as a prerequisite to a va-
lid execution, the assent of the Sénecas had not
b^en obtained. Ha did not so read, or so construe
the resolution of the Senate (^C the 11th of June,
1838. He hsd before divided ihe resolution ac-
cording to hs understanding of its meaning. The
amended treaty was to be "submitted, and fully and
fairly explained, by a commissioner of the United
States, to each of said tribes or bands, separately
assembled in council." This, it is admitted on all
hands, was done with all the bands, and as well
with the Sénecas as the others. Then each tribe
or band was to give "their free and voluntary as-
sent thereto," to render the amended treaty valid
as to it.
Has the Seneca band performed this condition
on its pari? Have this tribe, ihrough a majority
of their chiefs, actin? in or out of council, "given
their free and voluntary assent" to the amended
treaty?
He was happy to observe, from the argument of
the honorable chairman, that there would be no
substantial difference between them as to the facts
connected wih the assents of the Seneca chiefs, in
the manner in which those assents had been given,
and that the differences were as to the conclusions
to be drawn from admitted facts, and as to the fair-
ness, good faith, and validity of the conceded acts
of the chiefs.
This would enable him to stale the facts very
concisely, and relieve him from the labor of read-
ing tedious extracts from ihe reports of the com-
missioner, and the oiher papers.
It is, then, conceded that sixteen of the chiefs
signed the amended treaty "in council."
The commiss oner states that subsequently ih'r-
teen other chiefs affixed their signatures at tail
room, in the présense of General H. A. S. Dear-
born, the agent appointed by ih? State of Massa-
chusetts to attend the negotiations wnh the S-neca
and Tuicarcra Indians, four of which thirteen si§-
