Mar. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE COÑGltESSIONAL GLOBE.
S55
26th Cong......1st Sbss.
Treaty with the New York Indians—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
natures were affixed by attorney * of the chiefs duly
appointed and empowered to perform the act, and
the remaining nine by the chiefs in person. The
commissioner adds that the signatures of two other
chiefs, who were too unwell to attend in council,
were taken at the rooms of the chiefs, also in the
presence of the Massachusetts agent; that all the
fifteen chiefs who thus signed out of council, were
persons who well understood the subject, and that
all the signatures "were freely and Toluntarily
given;" that the four who signed by attorney were
well known as chiefs friendly to emigration—were
persons who signed the original treaty—that three
of the powers of attorney were properly acknow-
ledged before a judge of the county, and the fourth
executed in hi? owu presence, before the amended
treaty was submitted for signatures in council; and
thai he had no donbt that all the powers were fairly
obtained.
Here is shown the assent of thirty one of the
eighty-one chiefs, given, sixteen in, and fifteen out
of council; and these were all the signatures ob-
tained by the commissioner from chiets of the Sé-
necas during his first visit to obtain the assent of
the several bands to the amended treaty.
The eommiss oner states, in his teport to the
head of the Indian Bureau, that he directed the
local Indian agent to keep as accurate an account
as was po sible of the number of ch efs attend,n«
in council from day to day, and also of the entiie
number of chiefs which appeared tn council at any
-time during the negotiations, inasmuch as chiefs
and warriors attended in council together, and f>at
together, as did also individuals of the other band?,
so that it was not in his power to tell whch were
Seneca chiefs, any farther than the prosecution of
his duties made them known to him—that the
agent reported to him that not more than sixty-one
■chiefs of the S-ne?as were present in council at any
one time; and he then raises the question for the
decision of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
whether, the thirty-one assents obtained, being a
majority of «xty-one, the whole number of chiefs
present in council at any one time, the amended
treaty might not be considered as sufficiently as-
sented to on the pan oe tie Sénecas. Upon this
ground only did the commissioner intimate that the
assent of this band could be considered as suffi-
-ciently given.
The next fact, which,seems to be material here,
is given by the commissioner in the following
words:
"Smoe I commenced this report, I have received, by mail,
the written assent of five persons known by me to be recog-
nised by the nation as chiefs. They all signed the treaty last
winter These appear to have been proved and acknowledged
before Bezekiah Salisbury, a commissioner of deeds in the
county of Erie, in the State of New York He is certified to
be duly commissioned as such officer by the clerk of the county.
The persons who have subscribed their names as witnesses are
known to me to be respectable. I have no doubt these assents
were fairly given. Added to those taken in my presence, they
make thirty-six m all, and are probably a majority of the whole
number who attended during the council. 1 observe in each
of these papers is Incorporated a power to you and to me to
add their respective names to the assent which I now hand yon
Whether these powers should be exercised or not, youcan best
judge."
This is an extract from the report of the com-
missioner to the bead of the Indian Bureau, made
at Washington under date of the 25th of October,
1838; and it presents the fu-iher question, whe-
ther, if the thirty-one signatures, being a   majo-
rity of the number of chiefs who attended coun-
" ed at any one time, should not be considered a *nf-
ficient assent, the thwty^six, being a majority of the
' whole number which appeared in council  at any
time, wouM dot be so considered t
He must be permitted here to remark that bis
'friend, the honorable chairman, crittciz-d these
- suggestion'! of the commissioner-with what ap-
peared  to him to be undue seventy,   when  he
«ad that the commissioner appeared to have re-
turned to Washington for the grave purpose of
submitting (o the W-r Department the quf stion
whether thirty-one, or thiny-six, were a mpjonty
of eighty-one.     Tne   su g-s'ions   were such as
■ he had state I, and  they seemsd  to bim to have
been very pro, ei ly snd very >en, b!y made    If a
vote had beeu takei. in council, and a majority of
the chiefs present had approved of the amended
treaty, and then stgntd it, the very «round upon
which the honorable chairman rests his argument
-JTT
sa=
would have made that a valid and satisfactory as-
sent "in council." Was there, then, any thing
very absurd or censurab'e in the inquiry of the
commissioner, whether that same assent, given
partly in council, and partly out of it, was satis-
factory? and if not, whether the absent of a majo-
rity of all the chiefs who at any time appeared in
the council would be sufficient?    He thought not.
Upon the facts here presented, the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs made his report to the Secretary
of War, under date of the 29th or October, 1838,
strongly ques ioning the sufficiency of the assent, as
to the Seneca band, and, under date of the 30th of
the same monh, he writes to the Commissioner as
follows:
"Your report and the treaty with the New York Indians, as-
sented to as amended in the Senate of the united States, have
been submitted to the Secretary of War. He is of opinion that
the consent of a majority of ait the Seneca chiefs must be ob-
tained, but that, as you have heretofore met the requirement of
the Senate, by full explanations to them in council, you may
proceed to the Seneca reservation, and there obtain the assent of
such Indians as have not heretofore given it."
Thus in&tructed, the Commissioner repaired
again to the Seneca reservation, to perform the ad-
ditional duties assigned to him. Under da'e of the
11th January, 1839, at Washington, he thus re-
ports his dom?s to the head of the Indian Bureau:
"On the receipt of those instructions I repaired to Buffalo,
New York, for the purpose of carrying them into effect. On my
arrival there, I was joined by fieneral H. A. S. Dearborn, the
superintendent appointed by the Governor of Massachusetts,
who continued with me until the close of my visit there. He
was present and witnessed every signature to the assent, except
one, which wns taken while he was confined to his room by in-
disposition. Soon after my arrival at Búllalo, 1 directed the
united States sub-a?ent, residing there, togive public notice to
the Seneca chiefs that I was present,'and authorized to receive
the signatures of such of their chiefs as desired to give them,
and that the superintendent from Massachusetts was also pre-
sent to discharge the duty assigned him by the authorities of
hisState After this no'ire, fen arfrlitional namesirere rfceir-
ed to the Seneca aiaent, making in all forty-one. Seven of
this ten had previously signed separate assents, containing pow-
ers of attorney to execute such further papers as might be ne-
cessary to eive validity to their assents These papers were all
proved and acknowledged according to the usual forms under
the laws of New York. Five of this number personally came
before me and signed the assent attached to the treaty. The
other two signed by atto-ney. The reasons why they did not
appear and sign -in person are stated in two affidavits which I
hand you, marked No. 1 and No. 2. From the character of the
affidavits, and information verbally communicated to me by se-
veral respectable chiefs, I have no doubt that these affidavits
are strictly true."
This completed the signatures, in fact, of forty-
one out of the eighty-one ch ers of this band, all
but two of whom signed in person; and the two
who signed by attorney, account for their doing so
as is seen above. In addition to these, one chief,
James Shongo, signed his assent to a printed copy
of the amended treaty, before the engrossed c jpy
was laid before the council for signatures, but did
not repeat it to the written copy. Another chief,
Kenjuquide, gave his assent by attorney, after the
amended treaty was returned to the Commissioner
of Indian Affair , as is seen by the note, to his re-
port to the Secretary of War of the 15ih of Janua-
ry, 1889. Thus, in the manner stated, the assents
of forty-three of the eighty-one Seneca chiefs were
obtained.
Still it is contended that the amended treaty has
not b«f n assented to on the part of this band, and
is no treaty as to them; and upon what grounds?
First. That the absents shsuld have been given
"in council," and that those not so given are not to
be regarded.
He had already given his interpretation of the
resolution of rakfication of the Senata of the 11th
of June, 1838. and had but two other remarks to
add upon this point.
He would refer the Senate to page 285 of the
printed documents to nauw, upon ihe authority of
two members of the b .dv  that it was not the sei.se
of the Senate itsel1', at the time of the passage of
the resolution of the 2i of March, 1839, lhat these
signatures mast be given "in council," as it ap-
pealed from the communications of these two Se-
nators that an amendment to thai effect was moved
to that íesolution, proposing to add the words "in
open ceuneti," and mat, upon a vote, the amend-
ment was not adopte'. He was aware that this
proceeding was had la commttee, that the vote
was taken by a rouht, and not by ayrs and noe«,
and that nothi'g tn rilaron to it appeared upou
the journal. He was also jn/'orrnsd tnat the recol-
lections of all ihe Senators who were present did
uoi agree ss to the manner to which the amend-
ment was disposed of, some believing tbat-it was
withdrawn wiihout a vote. He could merely say
that his recollection of the offer of such an amend-
ment was very confident, and his impressions as
to the disposition o( it agreed with the printed state-
ments made by the two honorable Senators to
which he had rt ferred.
His other remark was that it was competent for
the Senate, if it believed that the assent of a majo-
rity of the Seneca chiefs had been fairly, freely,
and properly given, to declare such assent satisfac-
tory, though not given in the form and manner di-
rected, or intended, by its resolution of ratification
of the 11th of June, 1838. It was upon this broad
ground that he principally rested his argument, and
his support of the treaty as to the Seneca band.
Without discussing the quest on whether it was the
intention of the Senate that the assents should be
given "in council" or whether the language of its
res lution required that construction, all must ad-
mit that but one object wasto be accomplished, viz.
The "free and voluntary assent" of each separate
tribe or band, to the amended treaty. Now if the
Senate pointed out one particular place, or man-
ner, for expressing those assents, and the Indian^
chose another place, or manner, for making the
same expression, will it be contended that the
treaty should fall, rather than that the forms pre-
scribed by the Sena e should not be complied with,
while the substance of their requisition had been met
by the "free and voluntary assent" of & majority
' of the chiefs? This was his view, of the force of
the objection that the assents had not been given
"in council." To him it was immaterial whether
ihe Senate vnttndti that the assents shonld be given
in counoil, or not, as it «as whether they were given
in council, or out of it. The only material inquiry
to him was, had the majority of the chiefs, in fact,
given their "free and voluntary assent" to the
amended treaty? This brought him to the next
ground upon which the sufficiency of the assents
was resisted.
Second. It is contended that the assents of the
chief , u ho have given their assents in the manner
before related, have not been "free and volun-
tary," but have been obtained by biibery, fraud,
and improper practices.
The charges of bribery are not preferred against
the commissioner, or any of the, agents of the
United States, but against the company which had
purchased the pre-emption right to the Seneca
land v from the State of Massachusetts, and against
the agents of that company. It was no part of his
business to defend Ibis company, or their agents,
against these, or any other charges., or to justify the
practices of the on* or the other, but «imply to,.see
how far those practices, whatever they may. have
been, should be held to invalidate the execution of
this treaty on the part of the Seneca chiefs.     ,
The direct and specific charges of bribery are
based upon eight several oentracts made between
an agent of the pre-emp'ion company, and that
number of the Seneca chiefs, all of which contracts
Ww-re in writing, signed and sealed by the respective
parties, and attested by one or more witnesses.
The honorable chairman of the committee, in the
course of his argument, caused two of these con-
tracts to be it ad to the Senate, and to save a repeti-
tion, he would remark upon them, as samples of
ihe whole.
The first was with John Snow, a Seneca chief of
the Buffalo creek reservation. This contract re-
cites that the Pre-emption Company are desirous
to promote the policy of the United 8tates in the
removal of the Indians west of the Mississ ppi, and
also to extinguish the title to their lands in the State
of New York; that, in furtherance of these objects,
the company had authoriz d negoiations to be,
opened with the Indians, and offers of money to be
made to them as a permanent fund- for the nation
and to compensate them for their imprpwemeirts,
an i also "deemed it advisable and necessary to
emptor the aid, «o-operttion* and seiv-iees of cer-
tain individuals who are able to iaftnenre the said
Indians to accent of the offers- so to be made to
them;" that Heman B. Pi*w, the first party in the
ontraot, was authorised ti act for the Pre erar tton
Ctmpany, and *> contract with individnals for
their «U w d infloe«e , od that Snow, the secoa^
