356_____________________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.___________________Mar. 184
26th Cono.......1st Seis.                          Treaty with the New York Indians—Mr. Wright.                                                  Senate
party to the contract, had agreed to contribute his
influence and services, and, in case of the extin-
guishment of the Indian title by the company, to
sell to them his improvements.
The parties then go on to contract, first, that
Snow shall "use his best endeavors and exertions"
to induce the Indians to sell their lands and re-
move West, and that he shall co-operate with, and
on all occasions aid the company and their agents
"in talks and negotiations with the chiefs and
other influential men of the said tribe; and in the
active application of his whole influence at coun-
cils, and confidential interviews, for the purpose of
effecting a treaty between the said tribe and (he said
proprietors, for the extinguishment of the Indian
title to the said reserved lands." Second. That
Snow shall and does convey to the company his
buildings and improvements upon the Indian re-
servations, and not, in the mean time, to lease or
in any other manner dispose of the same. Third.
Potter, as the agent of the company, agrees to pay
to Snow the sum of two thousand dollars, within
three months after notice of the ratification of a
valid treaty extinguishing the Indian title to the re-
servations, with these conditions:
1.  That if the treaty shall contain provisions to
pay individual Indians for their improvements,
Snow shall receive, towards the two thousand dol-
lars agreed to be paid to him, the sum he may be
entitled to receive under the treaty for improve-
ments, and the balance only, if any, shall be paid
by the company within the time limited, or as soon
thereafter as it can be ascertained.
2.  That if, by the provisions of the treaty, Snow
shall be entitled to receive more than two thousand
dollars for improvements, the company shall be
discharged from the payment of any part of the
two thousand dollars, and Snow shall take all that
is due to him under the treaty.
3.  That Snow shall be entitled to a life lease, at
a nominal rent, ot a lot of land actually occupied
by him, and called the " Whipple Farm," the
lease to be executed by the company as boon as the
lands can be surveyed after the treaty, and to have
reference to the survey.
This is ihe substance of this contract; and were
all the others like it, their character and objects
would admit of a more satisfactory explanation.
His acquaintance with the Indians of New York
enabled him to appreciate this contract. These In-
dians were confined within very narrow reserva-
tions, and it had long been a practice with them to
lease portions of their lands to the whites for culti-
vation and improvement. The improvements
made by themselves, ot their lessees, weie held to
be the private and individual properly of the In-
dian, whose right of occupancy to the land in ques-
tion was admitted by the band. Hence, as a ne-
cessary consequence, when it was proposed to
make a sale of lands, the first object, to those who
ewned improvements upon the tract proposed to
be conveyed, was to secure the value of their im-
provements, so that they should not, with the value
of the soil, pass into the common national fund.
This contract showed most clearly to his mind that
this was the great inducement wiih Snow to enter
into it. By the contract, the company guaranties to
him two thousand dollars for his improvement*,
satisfied, no doubt, that the hundred and two
thousand dollars, to be paid by them for the
improvements of individual Indians, would give
to Snow that sum. Indeed, the contract might be
suspected of intentional fraud upon the rights of
Snow, as a claimant to improvements, were it not
that, in ca*e his improvements shall eniirlehim to
a greater sum than the two thousand dollars stipu-
lated to ¥e paid, he is to have the surplus, and the
company are to pay nothing.
The other contracts, however, or cenainly some
of them, are for the payment of money, wi hout
any reference to the tille of the chi« f to improve-
ments, and in this sense he did not justify or defend
them. They were not, in bis opinion, defensible,
either in principle or policy. He did n it entertain
a doubt that these very contracts had done more,
much more, to prevent a cordial execution of this
treaty, than to promote it. The knowledge, on the
part of the chiefs not contracted with, that others
were derivirg money for their influence in favor of
the treaty, which was not offered to them, was emi-
nently calculated to turn their minds against it, and
thus to engender an opposition much more power-
ful tian the influence purchased would be able to
overcome.. That such had been the practical fact
in this case he found no reason to doubt, while the
opposition manifested gave the strongest ground for
the preemption that it had this stimulus.
It was but just, however, to say that, as gratui-
ties to Indian chiefs, in anticipation of a, treaty,
these proceedings were not new in substance to
these or a¿iy other Indians. Many of the present
opposing chiefs of the Seneca band were¡now, and
long had been, the recipients of annuities from
this very company, given as gratuities upon the ex-
ecution «f former treaties. He could not say that
their opposition now proceeded from the absence of
similar offers to them to become the friends of the
present treaty. It was fair, however, to assume
that their opposition could not be founded upon the
vicious principle of giving gratuities to chiefs at
the time of making a treaty, as they had manifested
no disposition to surrender, either to their nation or
to the pre-emption company, iheir personal claims
of that character.
It was said that these contracts were secret, and
therefore fraudulent and mischievous. He be-
lieved they were novel in their character, and he
did not doubt that the honorable chairman was
right in saying that a parallel case had never been
exhibited to the Senate; but he could not concede
that the novelty consisted in the secresy of the
transactions. So far from it, he apprehended that
the singularity here cons sted in the open publicity
of the contracts, the execution of formal deeds un-
der seal and attested by witnesses. Was it the
custom of men who deliberately undertake to prac-
tise bribery, to do it in this mannei? Did they
usually make a deed in;writing, and call witnesses
to its execution? He supposed not; and it seemed
to him that these facts should rather be considered
evidences of a mistaken consciousness of the pur-
suit of a legitimate and honest object, than of a
disposition to practise secri t bribery. Look for the
paper evidence of the gratuities which have been
given upon the execution of former treaties with
this band of Indians. Look for the paper evi-
dences of claim to the annuities which are yet
paid, an.l some of which are not only for the life
of the chief, but go to his heiis. Go to Ihose trea-
ties: and shall we find them? No, sir, no. Shall
we find deeds minutely drawn, and formally wit-
nessed? He had heard of no such papers; and
yet the annuities existed, and were regularly paid.
He must not be understood as justifying, or defend-
ing these contracts. He did not do eiiher; but he
could not see that their turpitude was to be sought
for in their sfcresy.
He could have but one object in referring to
them, and that was to determine whether they
should be held to vitiate the assent in fact given by
the Seneca chiefs to the amended treaty now be-
fore the Senate. That point would be made more
clear by a brief reference to the chronological or-
der of ihe transactions.
The first of the eight contracts bears date on the
29ih of July, 1837, and the last of them on the 16th
of September of the same year. The original treaty
was concluded at Buffalo creek on the 15th day of
January, 1838, four months after the execution of
the last of these contracts. That original treaty
was laid before the Senate by the Piesident on Ihe
13th day of April, 1838, and (he amended treaty,
now under consideration, was substituted for it on
the 11 th day of June after, and as amended was,
•by the resolution of this body, of which so much
has been said, directed to be submitted to the ln-
'dians for their "free and voluntary assent."
The contracts to bribe, therefore, if such these
contracts are to be considered, were consummated
four months before the making of the original trea-
ty with the Indians, which was formed after full
negotiations with them, and the ratification of which
by them, if it ever was a question with the Sena'e,
cannot certainly be so now, after this body has
acted upon it as a treaty, has amended it, has rati-
fied it on its part as amended, and has returned it
| to the Indians for their assent in its amended state.
No allegation was found in the papers, or had
reached him from any quarter, of any attempts o"
the part of the pre-emption company or its agents,
or of any one else, to make contracts of this sort as
an inducement to the assent of the Indians to the
amended treaty. Indeed, he was not now aware
that charges of bribery of any sort had been pre-
ferred in relation to the assents to the amended
treaty, although the charges of that character re-
lating to the formation of the original treaty had, so
far as he recollected, been principally embodied
and brought forwar J since the amended treaty had
been submitted and assented to in the manner be-
fore related.
It was fair to say that all these contracts de-
pended upon the final ratification and confirma-
tion of the treaty by the United States, and that
therefore the interés created under them in favor
of the chiefs who were parties to them, might have
continued to influence their conduct in relation to
the assents to the amended treaty; but, to his mind,
this was giving to the charges of fraud and secresy
a meliorated influence, and greatly mitigated force.
The contracts were completed in September, 1837.
The amended treaty was submitted for assent in
the fall of 1838, and again in the summer of 1839;
and if the convictions upon ihe minds of these chiefs
of the beneficial effects of the treaty to themselves
and their nation, existing in the fall of 1837, whe-
ther produced by the contracts or otherwise, re-
mained, and continued to govern their voices and
acts in 1839, two years after; and, after the exist-
ence of the contracts had become known, if a suffi-
cient number of their associate chiefs were willing
to unite with them in assenting to the amended
treaty to form a majority of all the chiefs of the
tribe, the conclusion can but be evident that strong
and good reasons for the ratification of the treaty
on the part of the Indians, independent of these con-
tracts, must have existed, and had their influence
upon the minds and feelings aud action of that ma-
jority.
Were then the assents of this majority of ihe
chiefs fairly and frsely and voluntarily given ?
He had remarked, at the outset, and had re-
ceived universal assent to the proposition, that
he should commence the discussion with the as-
sumption that the commissioner on ihe part of the
United States, who negotiated this treaty, stood un-
impeached and unimpeachable, and that all his
statements of fact were to be fully credited. He
was not about to draw heavily upon his testi-
mony in relation to this point, but a single short
paragraph from his last report became necessary
to corroborate the evidence of the disinterested
witness he was about to call upon the stand. The
commissioner says:
"In every instance where a signature was received, either
General Dearborn or I distinctly inquired of the person offer-
ing to sign whether he fully understood the subject, and whe-
ther he freely and voluntarily signed the assent. In each case
a distinct affirmative answer was giveo."
He now turned to the statements of General
H. A. S. Dearborn, the agent appointed, on the
part of the State of Massachusetts, for the single
and only purpose of seeing that the interests and
rights of the Indians were protected in every
part of the negotiation. He had made the pre-
liminary remark that this was a disinterested
witness, and one whose character and fairness bad
been endorsed as well by the opponents a* the
friends of the treaty. Upon the point now un-
der discussion, therefore, he should rely wholly
upon his testimony, and he should do it with the
most perfect confidence that none of his state-
ments would be even doubted.
Before proceeding to quote his remarks, he
would, to prevent confusion and misunderstanding,
remind the Senate ihat this gentleman did not re-
present his State at the making of the original
treaty. A ci izen of Buffalo, in ihe State of
New York, of high standing, had the honor of be-
ing deputed to represent the State upon that occa-
sion. Complaints having be?n made connected
with that negotiation, as had been before abun-
dantly seen, when the amended tieaty was to be
submitted to ihe Indians, Ihe Governor of that
Commonwealth, wnh a just re ard to his own
elevated standing, to the character and responsibili-
ties of his State, and to the rights and ine<es¡s of
these dependant red men, appointed General Dear-

