Mar. 1840.               _________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                          557
26th Cono*"* 1st Sus.
Treaty with the New Fork Indians—Mr. Wright.
Senate
bora, the adjutant general of the State, to repre-
sent it opon the occasion It was from the official
reports of that officer that he should make his quota-
tions; and he would detain the Senate by such
only as were pertinent to the question whether the
assents of the Seneca chiefs to the amended treaty
weie fairly, freely, and voluntarily given.
In his report to the Governor of Massachusetts,
under date of October, 1838, at Lewision, New
York, after the thirty-one assents had been ob-
tained, he says:
' In previous conversation , I have represented the deplora-
ble condition of the Seneca Indians, and the reasons why 1
have cone to the conclusion that the only chance for their re-
fnnnaw  and continued existence as a distinct people is an im-
mediate emigration to the mild climate and excellent tract of
land offered them by the National Government; and I am per-
fectly satisfied, were it not fur the unremitted and disingenuous
exertions of a ceiutm number of white men, who are actuated
by their private mteresls,to induce the chiefs not to assent to
the treaty, it would immediately have been approved by an im-
mense majority.
"Notan objection or complaint has been made, by a single
Indian, during the whole progress of the council, as to the price
obtained for their right of pneeession; and I have not seen an
individual, ether than the persons above named, who does not
thiuk the offer of the Government a most generous and favora-
ble one for the Indians; and who does not concur in the opinion
that it is not only for their individual and national interests to
remove, bat that their fate will inevitably be disastrous—that
they will be overwhelmed with poverty and misery, and soon
become extinct, from their idle, intemperate, and other vicious
habits, if they do not abandon their present position.
'The same liberal terna which hate been offered to these
Indiana, if extended to any county in Neve England, would
nearly depopulate it in six months "
"The conduct of the Hon. Ransom H. Gillet, the commie-
nin—t of the United States, during the whole session of the
council, has been such as to merit the confidence which had
been reposed in him by the General Government, and to meet
ray entire approbation, from the unwearied paint he ho 
taktntofuPy, fairly, and clearly explain the provision  of
the treaty, andpiesent the character of the soil and climate,
and the advantages which the Indians would derive from ac-
cepting the territory which is offered them beyond the Mmas-
■ippi. He appeared lo be solely actuated by an earnest desire
to advance their interests, and induce them to comprehend the
beneficent objects of the Government in making such a munifi-
cent provision for the advancement of their present and future
comfort, independence, happiness, and prosperity."
This is the testimony of General Dearborn as to
the first effort to obtain the assent of the Sénecas
to the amended treaty.
In his report to the Governor, after his second
visit, when the ten additional assents were obtained,
under date of the 2d of Jannary, 1839, he says:
"I invariably asked each of the chiefs, in the presence of all
the persons present, whether they were perfectly satisfied with
the treaty and the contract for the sale of their right of posses-
«en to the lands on which they resided, and willingly and freely
came forward to sign the treaty, and they all answered in the
affirmative; and Tarn fully of the opinion that they have done
so from aa anxious desire to avail themselves of the privilege of
removing into the Indian territory, west of the State of Missouri,
on the liberal terms offered them by the Government of the uni-
ted States, and from the conviction that the condition of the na-
tion would become annually more deplorable, so long as they
remained en their present reservations, where there was no
hope of amendation in morals or the habits of industry. I sin-
cerely believe that nearly all the other chiefs would have cheer-
rally giren their assent, were it not for the conduct of ceitain
while men, who are interested in the continuance of the tribe on
their several reservations of Allegany river, Cattaraugus, Bnf-
falo, and Tonawanda creeks, and the danger they apprehended
from the party of a few chiefs, who, from ambitious motives
and Domical consequence, are adverse to a change ot residence,
having threatened with fatal consequences such as should give
their assent, as suited in my former report, and illustrated in the
deposition of John Jamison, marked F. and G."
He would not take the trouble to make further
extracts upon this point. He had shown that a
majority of the Seneca chiefs had, in fact, assented
to the amended treaty, not in council, but with a
full knowledge of the instrument, and a perfect un-
derstanding of the consequences of their act", and
here was the concurring testimony of two persons,
whose doty it was to know the facts and who
could have no possible interest in misrepresenting
them, proving that those assents were fairly, freely,
and voluntarily given.
From this state of facts it would seem to him to
follow as a compulsory doty, that the Senate should
declare these assents satisfactory; but if this was
too strong a 'position to occupy, and there was yet
discretion left to the body, it did appear to him im-
possible that be should be mistaken in assuming
that he bad shown enough to render it fully com-
petent, within the sonad discretion of the members,
to make that declaration, in ease it should appear
that such a result would be greatly beneficial to the
Indians, to the whites among whom they were now
located, and not injurious to the interests of the
United States.
There was one other view of the matter, how
ever, which be would suggest, beforehe proceeded
lo the consideration of the pecuniary interests in-
volved in the controversy.
Hitherto he had argued the question of the exe-
cution of this treaty upon (he admisión that the
assent of a majority of all the Seneca chiefs, of
every grade, was necessary to its validity. This
was an admission which he did not make, except
for the sake of the argument, because it was a po-
sition in the soundness of which he did not believe.
So far as his acquaintance extended, it was a new
principle connected with the making of Indian
treaties, by this or the State Governments; and he
believed, also, that it was new to the laws and cus-
toms of the Indians themselves.
He would call the attention of the Senate to two
short extracts fiom the report of General Dear-
born, of the 2d of January, 1839, which would
enable him to express his opinion upon this point
in an intelligible manner. The first extract is as
follows:
"There are eight clans or families in each of the tribes of the
Six Nations, which are designated by the names of Beaver,
Turtle, Wolf, Bear, Snipe, Deer, Hawk, and White Crane, or
Heron. It is expressly prohibited by a law of the tribes for
persons of the same clan to intermarry; and it is considered as
immoral and irreligious as would be a union within the forbid-
den limits of consanguinity among the Jews and Christians; and
I have been assured that an instance of such a matrimonial con-
nection, as would be considered by the humblest Indian a
wicked and mons'rous indecency, has never been known."
The second said follows:
' There are eight great sachems of the tribe in the Seneea na-
tion of Indiana, who are also chiefs. It is the highest title and
rank, and the office is hereditary, like that of the other chiefs.
The present sachems are Little Johnson, Daniel Two Guns,
Captain Pollard, James Stevenson, and George Unsley ef the
Buffalo creek band, Captain Strong and Blue Eyes of the Catta-
raugus reservation, and Jemmy John of Tonawanda, si* of
vhnm have signed the treaty. Half of them are Christians,
and the others Pagans."
Now if the agent had been more particular, he
would undoubtedly have told us that, of these
eight sachems, or principal chief , one belonged to
each of the eight families, or clans, of which he
had before spoken, and the symbolical names of
each of wh'ch he had given. He would
have learned that they were the great fathers of the
nation, the civil chiefs, upon whom the transac-
tion of the business of the nation is devolved; and
he, Mr. W. did not doubt that, had this treaty
been negotiated with the State of New York, the sig-
nature of a majority of these sachems would have
been held sufficient to have constituted it a valid
treaty, and that any other signatures of chiefs of
a lower grade would have been considered a mere
matter of personal gratification, and not of essen-
tial substance. He had, therefore, no doubt upon
his own mind, that the concurrence of six of these
sachems in this amended treaty was of itself a va-
lid execution of it, according to the laws and cus-
toms of the Seneca nation.
Still he had argued the questionjupon the other
hypothesis, because an examination of the papers
had satisfied him that a majority of all the chiefs
of all grades had given an assent which the Senate
must consider satisfactory.
He would now consider, as briefly as he might,
the pecuniary interests of the various parties to
this treaty; and,
Par*. The interests of the State of Massachu-
setts.
According to his understanding in the matter,
that State had now no pecuniary interest whatever
in these questions. The charters granted by the
Crown of Great Britain to the colonies of Massa-
chusetts and New York, conflicted as to bounda-
ries, and both colonies claimed the territory west
of a meridian line, passing through or near the
Seneea lake, and within the present limits oí the
State of New York. By an amicable adjustment
between the two States, in the year 1786, Massa-
chusetts released to New York the sovereignty and
governmental control over the territory, and New
York surrendered to Massachusetts the right of
soil, subject to the Indian title, and the right to
extinguish the Indian title in her own way. Not
many years after this period, Massachusetts sold
to private individuals her pre-emption right to the
whole country, reserving that power of guardian-
ships over «he Indians which the old States have
ever exercised within their limits, and which the
United Slates has exercised without the limits of
the States, and within .those limits where the right
of pre-emption from the Indians belonged ¡to this
Government. In this way, and for this reason, it
is that Massachusetts has been represented in all
the transactions with the Seneca and Tuscarora
Indians in relation to this treaty, the reservations
of these lands beiug within the limits of her origi-
nal right of pre-emption; but since the sale from
her to individuals, under whom the present pre-
emption company hold, he did not understand that
the State had any other interest than the duty re-
maining uoon her, as a Government, to see that
the rights of the Indians were fairly and faithfully
protected.
Second. The interests of the pre-emption com-
pany.
The inti rests of this company would be seen
from what liad been said m relation to the connec-
tion of ihe State of Massachusetts with this matter.
As purchasers from that Slate, they hold the exclu-
sive right to extinguish the Indian title, whenever
the Indians -hall be induced to surrender the pos-
session and occupancy of the lands By virtue of
that right, they have already extinguished the In-
dian title to an extensive and fertile country, and
the present treaty proposes to complete the opera-
tion, by the extinguishment of that title to all which
remains, being about 116,000 acres.
The interests of this company are direct and pal-
pable. The purchase from Massachusetts was
made in 1796 or 1797, and so far as the.se lands
are concerned, the purchase money paid to that
State has t een unproductive capital to the compa-
ny from that day to the present time. It is abun-
dantly shown, too, that the present reservations are
constantly becoming less valuable, by being stripped
of their timber, which, in (heir natural state, con-
stituted the chief value of two or three of them.
This consideration renders it a matter of direct
interest to the company to extinguish the Indian
title, and obtain the actual possession at the earliest
practicable day.
As much had been said of the vast speculation
wh'.ch this company would make by the ratification
of this treaty, he had taken some pains to form an
opinion upon that point, and had therefore endea-
vored to ascertain what had been paid to the
State of Massachusetts for the right to extinguish
the Indian title. As nearly as he could learn,
from the documents which had come within his
reach, about three hundred thousand pounds,
New England currrency, equal to about $1,200,-
000, had been paid for the whole purchase,
and that somewhere from four to five millions of
acres of land were covered by the purchase. He
therefore concluded that the price paid to Massa-
chusetts for the right of pre-emption from the In-
dians, say in 1797, must have been somewhere
from twenty-five to thirty cents per acre. He had
not taken the pains to make a calculation to see
what, at a fair rate of investment, that price would
bring the cost of the land to at this period, bHt
when added to the #212,000, or thereabouts, now
to be paid, and the gratuities which have been and
are to be given in case the treaty be finally ratified,
he had satisfied himself that the speculation of the
company would be much less man. had been
imagined, and that a prudent man, who' had the
money, would pause before he would take the pro-
perty off their hands at principal, interest, and costs.
Still the interests of this company were nothing
to him. It was not their advantage which he felt
called upon to consult, or which induced him to
urge the ratification of the treaty. As constituents
of bis, as he believed most of them were, and as
highly respectable individuals, so far as he knew
them, he would, as far as lay in bis power, do them
us tice upon this as upon all occasions, bn¿ he
would not urge this treaty upon the Senate,'to the
detriment of the Indians, because this company
might be benefited by its ratification, as he certainly
.would not vote for its rejection to the detriment of
the Indians, for fear thi3 company might profit
from its operation.                                        _  ,
Tkird. The interests of the State of New .York
and her citizens.                                 .    ..
The State, as such, had no interest in this ques-
tion, separate from the interests of the citizens to
be affected by the- continuance or removal of the
Indians. The extent of these interests would be
be* shown by brief statistical statements,
