360
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
26th Cong""1si Sess.
Pie-emplioti I o settlers—Mr. Clay of Jila.
April, 1840.
Senate.
they might decide, he should endea\or,as his
habit wrs, to acquiesce with as good a giace as pos-
sible. If the friends of the measure piefcrred it,
the bill might be so modified, as to peimit tlu
lessor and leasee to enter the quarter se non joint-
ly, and divide it between them. He thought it ap-
parent that some such pnn ísion was nec«s-ary to
carry out the beneficent purposes of tht act, and it
the section should be deemed imperfect in the form
it st od, he hoped it would not be wholly rejected
or stricken out, but modified, and passed in some
better shape.
The third section, Mr. C. said, was intended to
provide for another class of settlers, whose rights
had not been properly considered or provided for
in the original act. Large portions of the public
domain,  ettled at its passage, had not then been
surveyed. Consequently, no one could know on
what particular section he was expending his la-
bor. When the surveys were made—which had
not been done m Alabama uutil wnhin a few
months past—many of the settlers found them-
selves on six'eemh sections, which all knew had
been reserved ty the compacts with the new States,
on their admission into tht  Union, for the support
of township schools. This section of the bill was
intended to relieve, to some extent, such as were so
deprived of the benefits of the law, by authorizing
thim "to enter at the minimum price any other
quarter section of the public lands, lying in the
same land district, to which no other person has
the right of pre-emption, on making satisfactory
proof of his or her residence as aforeiaid, on such
sixteenth section, before the register and receiver of
the land office of said district "
Mr. C. said there was no new principle contain-
ed in this section, laws had been repeatedly passed
extending the same privilege to those who had lost
their improvements under like circumstances Laws
had been passtd at former sessions for a number
of years, extending the right of pie-emptn n (in some
instances even making donations) to those who had
been deprived of the opportunity of securing their
improvements, by grants of the land on which they
had settled to an Indian tribe, as well as for other
purposes. With this privilege, he *aid, ihe indivi-
dual lost all the labor he had bestowed on his origi-
nal settlement, and got nothing in return, except
protection from speculators- this section would en-
able him to purchase a new home at the minimum
price, without encountering the hazards of a sale
at auction.
The fourth section merely extended the same
privilege to settlers "on any public land, before its
selection by any State, for the purposes of a semi-
nary of learning, under any act of Cotgress au-
thorizing such selection," &c. What he had said
of the justice and expediency of section th'ee was
equally applicable to this "section, and need not Le
repeated. He thought every provision to which
he had called the attention of the Senate, went to
remedy manifest defects in the pre-emption law of
June 1838, and was indispensable to give it a fair
and equal operation; hence he could expect little
opposition from any qaarter.
Mr. C. then proceeded to remark upon the
amendment offered by his friend from Michigan,
[Mr. Nortell,] with the sanction, and under the
instructions, of the Committee on the Public Lands.
It was intended as an additional section, to cont-
nue in force the act of June 22d, 1838, for two
years beyond its present limitation, which was the
22d of June next.
Mr. C. maintained that experience had lully es-
tablished the policy, as well as the justice, ot 'he
pre-emption system. To those who had turned
iheir attention to the history of the last ten years,
no argument was necessary to establish this posi-
tion. He said he regretted, however, that Sena-
tors did not more generally examine the documeats
upon this subject which had from time to time
been laid upon their desks, and become more fa-
miliar with the facts they developed. He knew
that it was not in the power of every gentleman,
consistently with other, and perhaps more pressing,
duties, to devote sufficient time to the examination
of this subject; and he would therefore detain the
Senate by the statement of a few facts, shown by
those documents, which he thought should be satis-
factory to every mind He would give such refe-
lencet as would enable Senatois to test his accu-
racy, and detect any eiror he iru¿ht inadvertently
commit.
Mr C lad it would bt lecolkctid that, in Jan-
uary, 1838, the Couimi^Mruer ot the Gcrcal
Land Oihuc had made a rtpi it, cxh bitma; a very
lull view of ihe ie ults tf the ca^h sy tem, lor
selling ihe public lands, from it-. commencement in
1820, up to the last of September, lt-37. Among t
other things, that rejoit showed Ihe quantity of
public lands < ñered for sale, the quaniny sold, the
amount paid by purchasers, and the average price
per acre of the lands sold in each yt ar, for the
whole period he hal mentioned The general
average price ol the whole quantity sold during
nearly eighteen }e<irs, was but $1 27 4 5 per acre,
nor was this result product by the pre-emption
laws, as the document ie erred to abut d<intly
proved He said, for the fi st ten yea is oí the
cash system, there was no pie emption law, except
some special aits of very limits I ot • Mtion The
fir^t general j.re emption law was pa.se 1 on the
29th May, 1830, and the report ef ¡he Commis-
sioner showed that the averse price o1 sev ral
preceding jeais was lower thin that lx fore stated,
a  the result t f the whole period Tor in tince,
in 1824, the last year oí President Mon'ce's admi-
nistration, the average price of all tht l«nd sold
was but $i 27 pei acre Again f< i all the lands
sold in 1828 ana 1829, the la t two)eirsot Presi-
dent J Q, Adams's administration, and the two
years immedid'ely preceding the enacment ot the
firvt general pre emption law, the average price
was but $1 26 per acre for each y<a«. The fol-
lowing-year, (1830,) and the first ot the preemp-
tion system, the aveiage price continued at $1 26
per acre, and it had never been as low, ex< ept one
year afterwards, up lo September, 1837, inclusive
Now, said Mr C. these taot. piove conc'itMvely
that the right of pre-emption, as it existed, a'most
uninterruptedly, lor the first eight years, did not
reduce the average price ot the pubic lands, nir
diminish the rett ipts into the Treasury.
But, said Mr. C. for my own satisfaction, and
that of others, I was desirous to test the system
fctdl furthu, and therefore caled on the Commis-
sioner ot the General Land Office, in January last,
to furnish me a statement, exhibiting results under
the pre-emption law, now in foree, which went
into operation on the 22d June, 1838. It had then
been in operation more than nineteen months The
total number of acres sold during thnt period, at
auction and by private entry, was 6,952,644—pro-
ducing the eggregate sum of #S 773,002 10—at
the average pnce oí $1 26 18peracie. Gentle-
men will please to bear in mind, aid Mr C. that
these sales occurred during the peiiod ot ai much
embanasment as our country h.is ever kno vn,
when the banks were cuppled, and contractions of
their circulation and discounts c mtinually going
on, and the whole of those seven millvms of dollars
(to speak in round numbtrs) ■paid in gold and silver,
except, perhaps, a veiy small propoition in Trea-
sury notes. Yet, he said, the general average was
a fraction higher than that ot the two prosperous
years of 1828 and 1829, before the enactment of
the first law that ever gave a general preference to
settlers.
To pursue th  statement of the Commissioner
still fuither—for he said he was disposed to give a
fair and candid view of the subject in all its bear-
ings—it appeared that the aggregate quantity of
land sold at auction was but 1,875,854 acres, and
taking 'he auction sales exclusively, the average
price was but $1 29 38 per acre. Mr. C. said the
same statement showed the whole amount paid by
pre-emptors was $941,214 13—consequently, ihe
whole quantity of land sold under the present law,
granting pre-emption rights, was but 752,972 acres
—less thau one-half the quantity so! 1 at auction,
and less than one-sixth of the quantity purchased
by private entry. Yet, he said, estimating the pur-
chasers to average one lor every 80 a< ie tract, (but
they were doubtless more numerous ) and the num-
ber would be 9,412 purchasers under the pre-emp-
tion law—he had no doubt they might safely be
put down at ten thousand, in round numbers.
Now, said Mr. C.  here aie  10,000 frc emen—
poor, but hotusi, hardy, uulu trious, and enterpris-
ing citizens, who have been prot"tted against the
frauds, impositions, and enactions oí bands ol
htartltss speculators, and sicured in the just en-
joyment oí the improvement wrought out in the
wilderness, by the lab ix of in ir own ha 1s. Can it
be possible ihat an Amercan st-tesman tan be
found willing to wi hhold this shiela tí protection
fiom these b dd and enterprising pioneers, who have
so olten proven, by their courage arid patriotism,
ihat they they commute a cordon ot imprfgnable
defence for our extensive inland frontlet Is
there an individual of any description, who regards
the welfare ot his fellow man, who, for the paltry
difftrence of one or two cents an acre, would be
willing to jeopard the security and welfare of ten
thousand families, and perha| s bie 'k up and dis-
perse them in search o iif w hunesi'i the wild r-
ness, orcompe them to Leioine lenants am! hum-
ble dependants up n wtal'hv Ln llore1 ? He said
Senator wi nl ' an^wir he e questions ty thpii
vo'es, he ctul 1 riot aot c ipjte that ,.ny one would,
with such lac's bdoie mem, deny Hie stiller the
joiviltge i f prt emption
Anoth r reason fore ntinuing the pie-emption
law in force, a« proposed by the la t amendment,
(Mr. C. sail) wis that laige tiacts of country,
settled at the passage of the act, weie not then
survtjed, nor had they been until verj recently
This was especially the case as regarde \ the Che-
rokee country of Alabama, which had been very
recently surveyed, and the township plats not yet
returned to the General Land Office. He was as-
sured that the same rmg'it be sai 1 a* to other
parts of the country. In all such instances the
settlers would have too little time to make their
proof, and enter and pay for their lands before the
law would expire There could be no objec ion lo
ex ending the tperation ol the act, when it was
rtcollected that the President could fix a period to
ihe indulgence in thief months, at any time he
might think proper to issue his proclamation for
the sale of the Ian Is in any district; for by ihe
Urmsot the law, if the settler did not make satis-
factory preol of his right, and enter and pay for
his quarter section, before the day appointed for its
sale at auction, he lost his privilege.
Mr. C said, in regard to so much of the section
as extended the light of pre-emption to those who
might be s*ttlers at the passage of the act, he
thought enough had been said to prove that ihe
Government would lose nothing, even in a pecuni-
ary point of view, in other respects much weuld be
saved. Without the protection of such a law,
combinations of speculators, who always attended
sales at auction, would buy the improvement of
the setilcr over his head, and compel him to pay
for the increased value he had given the land by
his own labor, or abandon the home he had selected
and cherished. The Government would gain no-
thing. The settler, with his limited mean , would
be deterred from entering into compe'ition with
large capitalists, at auction, conscious of his ina-
bility for such a coniest, he would stand by and
see his land bid off by the speculator, at the mini-
mum price, or little above it, and perhaps submit
to the extortion of an enormous profit, sooner than
remove with his family. Would this benefit the
Government7 By no means On the contrary, it
lessened the little capital, and crippled the ener-
g.es of the cultivator of the soil, its tendency was
to retard the improvement of the country, and les-
sen its resources. Sach a policy seemed to Mr. C.
as unwise as it would be unfeeling.
Mr. C. said there was one class cf settlers in the
State which he had the honoi in part to represent,
who would be embraced by the amendment under
consideration, if adopted, and whose claims, he
thought, would be recognised by almost any West-
ern man. He alluded to a considerable number,
perhaps several hundred, in the territory acquired
under the late treaty with the CheroUees, who had
been settlers before the passage of the pre-emption
law of 1838, but lost their rights by temporary ab-
sence. They were brave and generous men, ím-
p lied by patriotism and sympathy for their suffer-
ing fellow-citizens in Florida, who had volunteered
their services for six months, in the fall of 1837, in
a regiment raised in that part of Alabama, and
