Mar. 1840.
26th Cong  ••• 1st Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
361
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Vanderpoel.
H. of Repa.
were absent fighting the battles of their country
with the Seminóles, until alter the four months
next preceding the passage of the pre-emption jaw,
had more than halt expired. They could not come
forward and swear, nor get any other person to
swear for them, that they were "actual settlers" of
a quarter seetion of the public land, "by personal
residence thereon, at the lime of the passage of the
act, and for four months next preceding;" conse-
quently, meritorious as all must a1m.it them to be,
they would lose the protection of the law, and be
turned over to the tender mercies of the (peculator.
Is there a man who would refuse the piotecting
shield of a preemption law to such a eitiz«n?
Mr. C. said he had given the case of those brave
and pitriotic men by way of illustration. There
were doubtless many analogous cases; for, when
did their country need the services of such men, in
ihe West, or the Southwest, that hundreds and
thousands, if necessary, did not rally at her call,
and freely peril life and fortune in her defence?
For such men we ask the privilege of pre-emption,
to the limited extent of one quarter section, at the
minimum price, not as a donation, but at the same
price which you receive from others. Will the
Government of their country deny it to them?.The
fate of this bill will answer the question.
SPEECH OF MR. VANDEKPOEL,
OF NEW YORK;
IntheHowt of Representative , h\ CtémiUee of the
Wkolt, Merck 19, 1840—On Ihe Mil authorizing
the issue of five millions, of iolhfrs of Treasury
notes.                                 j
Mr. VANDERPOEL said: lei&iost cordially re-
ciprocated the sentiment of |<w expressed by the
gentleman from  Massachusetp, [Mr.  Cu>hing,]
that the House was now abrift to enter upon  the
business of ihe country.   Hefwished, in connection
with this ieeling, he could   indulge  Ihe hope that
the courteous tone, the parliamentary and conci-
liatoiy manner with which that gentleman had
discussed the subject before this committee,  were
an earnest of the spirit with which debates would
hereafter be conducted  here.    Then  would we
have the agreeable assurance that this hall was no
longer to be a stage for the display of party viru-
lence, but a place where geBtlemen meet to delibe-
rate impartially upon the momentous interests of a
great nation.   Yes; he hoped our future progress
here would prove that we have, in truth and good
earnest, entered upon the business of the country—
that we are content to let President-making alone
for a while, instead of using every subject, great or
small, as a book on which to suspend speeches for
that parpóse—that the eatotthts loqvendi which had
so sorely afflicted the o;her side of the House,
would abate of its violence.   Let the gentleman
from   Ohio  [Mr.   Duncan]   continue the   diary
which amused and instructed us so much a few
months ago,   Showing the comparative   number
of Whig and Democratic speeches with which onr
precious time had been absorbed; let the majority
on this floor, within this week, for the first time
clearly established', be intent on action rather than
on talking, and thus avoid the responsibility inci-
dent to the undue protraction of the session, and
the neglect of the pnblic business.   As yet we have
done comparatively nothing.   Nearly four months
of the session have already elapsed, and in what
way have we advanced the interests of those who
sent us here?   All who have any practical know-
ledge of legislation, are welt aware that it is in the
power of minorities to prevent, or, at all events, to
stave off, definitive and efficient action.   Intermi-
nable ^peechee,  and constant calls ef yeas and
nays, are expedients to which, driven to despera-
tion, th«y ever resort, for purposes of annoyance,
if not with the hope of defeating favorite measures
of the majority.   Whether recourse had been had
to such means heie, and for any exceptionable pur-
pose, it was not his (Mr. V'sl province to say.  He
would let close observers of our past and future
proceedinss, and the diary of the gentleman from
Ohio, respond to this point.
It was with great reluctance that he now laid a
claim to a share of the attention of the House.
His connection with Ihe committee which reported
the bitl under consideration, was his apology for ob-
truding himself upon it, at this time.    He felt no
interest or solicitude in iegard to the bill, that should
not be common to every gentleman who wished to
see the hitherto unsuspected credit of this Govern-
ment preserved; to see all its lawful engagements
faithfully met and promptly fulfilled.    In the re-
marks he  intended to submit, he would not leel
called upon, or even authorized, to take that uncir-
cumsenbed range in which the  gentlemen of the
Opposition, that had preceded him, had seen  fit to
indulge.    As an humble member of the committee
that had reported the bill, he deemed it most com-
patible witn his duty to confine himself to the sub-
ject on the chairman's table.    With  that subject,
the Florida war, (he Specie Circular, the American
system,  the Sub-Treasury bill, the life and adven-
tures of General Harrison, Amos- Keudal!, the fa-
vored Ohio newspapers, had not, as he could per-
ceive, any legitimate connection; and therefore he
would take the liberty of waiving, for the present,
the discussion  of any of  those  favorite topies.
They had been pressed into the service, net with
the view of affecting the vole of the bill under con-
sideration, but in t^e hope that they would exert an
influence on the great issue to be tried in Novem-
ber next.
Should the friends of the Administration under-
take to answer all the long diatribes daily ut'ered
against it, it would be vain to think of transacting
any pub'ic business, of executing any of the du-
ties that devolve upon us here, not as President ma-
kers, but as law maker . I have long thought, how-
ever, that there is a consoling, a labor-saving consi-
deration connected with the extreme impetuosity
with which our adversaries are pushing the battle;
and it is this; that this eternal hue and cry at all
times, and on all occasions, against ihe Adminis-
' (ration, carries its own antidole with it; that the-e
everlasting denunciations have become harmless
from their very extravagance and frequency; that
this host of alarmuts which is always vociferating
"wolf, wolf," will scarcely be able to gain cre-
dence, or excite alarm, when the real rabid animal
mattes his appearance. To scold is "their voca-
on," sir; and let us not, my Democratic friends,
like them, here constantly entrench upon the pro-
vince of old women; our cause does not require
this dereliction of our higher and more appropriate
duties.
The bill proposes to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue five millions of dollars of
Treasury notes. The measure was recommended
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and supported
by a majority of the Committee of Ways and
Means, on the supposition that the resources for
the whole year would probably be sufficient to
cover the necessary appropriations for the year;
but thai it was necessary thus to anticipate the
revenue that would fall due towards its close, ai
the larger payments will be required in the spring,
whereas the larger receipts will probably come in
during the latter part of the year. The object of
the b'll, ihen, is lo provide for a deficiency that may
possibly occur in the earlier part of the year,
in the hope that enough will be derived from ordi-
nary sources, in the Litter part, to cover the amount
proposed' to be raised. This is the length and
breadth of the bill, in the discussion of which, every
topic has been introduced which gentlemen ima-
gined could have the remotest bearing upon the
the great Presidential contest, upon which they
have so iuriou>ly entered. Ruin, win—the old bat-
tle cry ef panic makers and bank advocates—is
again rung through our ears. I confess, sir, I am
not a li tie disappointed that it is not an octave or
two higher than it was during the memorable panic
war ef 1834; but the ill success with which it was
then echoed and re-echeed by this same party
through ihe land, has, perhaps, served as an ad-
monition to them not again to dole out with too
much confidence their hypocritical jeremiads over
the alleged downfall of the country. Sir, it is the
old song of that old enemy, which the true friends
of the nation have met, and as often discomfited, in
every guise and every form; a party, which has
been truly said only to rise as its country sinks.
Upon the strength and merit of their own princi-
ples they can never hope, they have not, in their
recent struggles, attempted, to succeed.  Their only
hope is to rise into power over the prostrate inte-
rests of ihir country, believing  that the   great
masses  of the people  have not sense or sagacity
enough to perceive and understand the true causes
of   thise   temporary   reversts   ihat   occasionally
overtake communities, nations, and individuals.
Gentlemen have a very summary way of dispos-
ing ef the point,  that mosst of our great  interests
are now in a very depressed condition.   They tell
us very flippantly that ihe past policy of the Ad-
ministration has produced our low prices; and cal-
culate upon the ignoranee of the people, their ina-
bility  to  perceive the  truth, to gain credence to
their unfounded assertioas.   This low estimate of
the  good sense and sagacity of the people has al-
ways been  a distinguishing trait in the character of
that  p.irty, whcli, uiu'er every  name and every
flag, has so long .sirugali/d to put down the Demo-
cracy of the country.    They believe that the people
can be tickled with a straw or charmed wnh a rat-
tle, and therefore invariably  approa> h  them with
catching  words   and   clap-trap  experiments,   in-
stead of appealmg to tteír sound reason and sober
judgment.    It is, sir, in accordance   with this spi-
rit of their nature and constitution, that they now
imagine, that the sensekss cry of "log cabin and
hard cider" will gain more proselytes to their cause
than frank and honest expoaiions of their political
principles.    But  what  renders tnis expedient the
more cohtempiible, is the fact, ihat in this instance,
it has not the least justification in truth.    It is no
disparagement to their candidate that he inhabits a
princely mansion on the Ohio; that he can boast a
splendid income and a correspondent style of living;
facts which every gentleman here full well knows;
but it is an intuit to the American people to violate
the truth lor the purpose of recommending to them
a candidate for the highest office in their gift, on
the ground that h« lives in a log cabin and drinks
hard cider.
Let us return, sir, to the distress which now per-
vades our country. Let us inquire into its causes,
and see who aie the authors of the calamities
which the people are now suffering. I grant, sir,
that the prices of every species of properly are
comparatively low—lower than they have been for
several years past; but I challenge gentlemen to
show any legitimate connection between this de-
pression of prices and any measures of this or the
past Administration of the General Government.
Sir, I assert, and can show that this depression has
resulted from causes for which the past and pre-
sent Administrations are not only not responsible,
but which, while they have ever found favor with
the Opposition, have always encountered the hos-
tility of that great party which now is, and has for
the last twelve years been, in the ascendant. Be-
fore 1 advert to these canses, I will venture a sin-
gle question, to which the public mind, at least, if
not this House, will give a most readv response.
Suppose the Independent Treasury bill had, last
year, or two years ago, become a law; is there
a doubt that that paity which defeated its
passage would now have ascribed the pre
sent depressiou of prices and stagnation
of business, exclusively to that measnre?
Sir, they would not have permitled us to
look at any other cause; we would have been
told, in most lugubrious accents, that the banks
had all been crippled, not by their own mad and
imprudent career, but by the alarming measures o
the Government; that they bad been obliged to
draw in their circulation, contract the currency,
and refuse further aid to the community, because
the Government was constantly drawing from them
their specie. The hard money policy of the Go-
vernment, earried into practical operation, would
then have been said to have destroyed all the sus-
pended banks; then, instead oj eulogies on log
cabins and hard cider, anathemas against the dia-
bolical Sub-Treasury would have been the order
of the day. Does any gentleman here doubt th s.
But the Sub-Treasury has not yet become a law;
the banks themselves do not pretend that the puotic
revenues of the country have been colleced ma
manner calculated to operate oppressirely^upon
them; they have suffered no !«««■'««" "J*
tation from the Government, and yet all the evils
