Mar. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
363
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr, Vanderpoel.
H. of Reps.
of course, more efficient than it had ever been, either
forgoodorforevil. If able to regu ate the currency
in by-gone days, it was Mill mo e competent for thi->
purpose now, were its ability to be determined by
its boasted strength.   It could not, or it would not,
prevent a suspension, and was by no means the
first to return to resumption.   In 1P39 the banks
again ie^med, and the Bank of the United States,
instead of exerting a restraining and a salutary in-
fluence upon the minor institutions, entere!  the
field of speculation, and attempted to control the
cotton market of the world.   The price of cotton
was raised to a point much higher than it would
have attained, bnt for the factitious means which
served to inflate it    Many of the Southern banks,
under the lead of the  "Great Regulator," also
rushed forward in this career of speculation; and
what was the finalt of air these strange proceed-
ings?   That which now stares you in the face—
another suspension of specie   payments  by   the
banks of more than half of the Union—the Bank
of the United Stateshaving been the first, < r among
the first, to perpetrate this secjnd act of mischief
and insolvency. Tne banks of New York and New
England resolved to maintain specie payments; but
in order to execute this laudable determination,
they were obliged to con'ract their circulation; and
to show how effectually they have dene  this, it is
on'y necessary to state that in three months the
tafety fund banks of New York reduced their circu-
lation twenty millions of dollars.   With this con-
traction, this diminution of paper money, prices have
declined to a point below an actual specie standard;
produce of every description has tallen in value
at least fifty per cent.; the hopes of the farmer, the
merchant, and the manufacturer, have been disap-
pointed; and yet I challenge gentlemen to show
that the Government has   been   instrumental in
bringing about this state of things.   Tbe true cause
of the present revulsion, sir, is tbe overact ions and
overissues of the banks, twice led on, instead oT
being restrained, by that stupendous engine with
which your modern Whigs have ever been so ready
to identify their political fortunes.   There she He^:
behold her as she is, prostra'eand distrusted, if not
bankrupt.   Do you, gentlemen, still ding to her as
the safe regulator of the currency of the country?
Yes, you are wedded to her by acts of past affiliation
and affection too strong to be able, with good grace,
bow to shake her off.   She will stick to you like
the fabled shirt of Nessus.   S ie is the author and
finisher of the mischief you would now fain attri-
bute to the past and present Administrations.  Vain
and futile is this aitempt to charge us wi'h the dis-
tress that prevails.   The peop e of this coumry
understand where the trmh lies.   They know what
is the disease we are now suffering, and the causes
of it.   They know that the country has been drunk
with too large draughts of paper money, and that
it is now only suffering the pain and depression
that ever follows over excitement and intoxica-
tion.
Sir, said Mr. V. I have been thus diverted from
the main purpose for which I rose, by the effort
that has been made to show that the necessity
tbatj renders the power to "issue Treasury notes
expedient, is the result of mismanagement or
"experimentti" as they are usually termed,
of the present or past Administration of
the General Government. I now propese to
enter directly upon a vindication of the bill under
consideration. It has been contended with much
earnestness on the tither side, that the President and
Secretary of the Treasury have not treated ns fair-
ly—that they did not, at the commencement of the
session, tell us what the Government would proba-
bly1 want, and what was the real state of the Trea-
sury—in shorty that they mystified or concealed the
truth. With all due deference to gentlemen who
"had advanced this positron, he would show, from
the message of the President and the annual re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury, that both had
niost pointedly and emphatically called our a'ten-
tion to tbe subject upon which we are now legis-
lating. The copious extracts from the Secretary's
annual report, made by the chairman of the Ways
and Means, [Mr. Jom  of Virginia J Would save
•him (Mr. V.)the necessity of reading many pas-
sago from that able document, to which he would
otherwise have called the attention of this commit-
tee:
In the annual message of the President, we rind
the following language:
"The precautionary measures which will be recommended
by the Secretary of the Treasury, tn protect faithfully the puo
tic credit under the fluctuations and contingencies to which our
receipts and expenditures are exposed, and especially in a com
mercial crisis 1 ke the present, are commended to yout early
consideration "
In oaler to ascertain what are these "precaution-
ary measures," you need only refer to that put of
the report of ihe Secre'ary, which may be found
under the head, "On some permanent .safeguard
under fluctuations in receipts and expenditures  "
Three pages uf that able paper are devoted tj this
subject, and conclude by calling our earliest atten-
tion to legisla'ion upon it. It is due to that able
and faithful public officer, that I read a few extraes
from his report.    In page 11, he says:
"Much has at times been wisely done by Congress to supply
means for meeting unexpected deficiencies But all legal pro-
visions heretofore adopted forthat purpose having expired, our
financial operations will be constantly exposed to danger, unless
some permanent safeguard, under contingencies, is established
"Thrse circumstances must constitute an apology for once
more explaining some of the grounds in favor of such a mea-
sure, and earnestly asking speedy legislation concerning it
"The pimcipal sources of our present revenue are sensibly
affected by the fluctuations, not only m commercial prosperity,
but in the crops, the banking policy, and credit systems, of even
foreign nations The influence of these causes seems to be-
come yearly more changeable and more uncertain in Its ex-
tent "
After showing the fluctuations in the receipts in
past years, the Secretary farther remarks:
" All these, and similar considerations in favor of some per
manent provision on this subiect, apply with still greater force
than they have heretofore    The available balance in the Trea
sury to facilitate its operations is much smaller than has for-
merly been usual.   The receipts on the debts still due from
the banks after two previous disappointments as to some of
them, must be regarded with increased doubt, and if they should
be paid within the year, the outstanding Treasury notes become
redeemable in the first half of it, and nmst be discharged some
months before the bond ef the united Slates Bank falls due, in
September "
At page 13, he continues:
" Whv, then, should not a constant safeguard, or some perma-
nent remedy, under such irregularities, be providedl The
omission to do this can hardly be considered the true check
on extragant expenditures, as that check would seem to consist
rather in a forbearance to make unneces*ary appropriations,
than in a refusal to provide ample means for paying with
promptitude, under all possible contingencies, what has alieady
been appropriated, and has thus received the deliberate sane
tlon óf Congress The national pride, no less than us honor and
credit, appears to be concerned in adopting some measui e on
this subject, stable, efficient, creditable to free institution, and
possessing a paramount influence to preserve unspotted the pub-
lic faith."
In conclusion, under this head, he observes:
" The Department therefore is now without any resort, tem-
poiary or permanent, in case of material deficiencies, and con
sidenng all the circumstances before mentioned, with the dan-
gerous liability in case to have the whole of the outstanding
Treasury notes paid i n at any moment for public dues, without
a powtr remaining to issue others in their stead, considering
also the present revulsions in the commercial world, which
affect so seriously the receipts from both duties and lands, con.
sidenng the disasters which are befalling the banks, and ren-
dering our collected funds in some cases wholly unavailable,
and the advances necessary to be soon made for the large pay-
ments of pensions and Treasury notes falling due m March,
the earliest attention to new legislation on this subiect, seems
highly jirudent, if not indispensable, for the effectual becunty
of the public credit "
How can gentlemen, in view of these remarks,
contend that the attention of Congress was not
seasonably called to this subject1 The Secretary
not only told us at the commencement of the ses-
sion, that some provision ought to be made to
meet contingencies, but enforced this declaration
with an elaborate and powerful train of reasoning.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Cush-
ino] asks why the Committee of Ways and Means
did not act earlier upon this subject, if they in
truth believed that the President and Secretary of
the Treasury were sufficiently explicit. He asks,
why wait till after the Secretary of Treasury had
Cent in his supplemental repoit, which was commu-
nicated to this House on the 15th «f February,
The answer to this inquiry is a very easy
one. There is a standing rule of this House re-
quiring the Committee of Ways and Means, within
thirty days after their appointment, to report the
general appropriation bills for the cwi! and diplo-
matic expenses of Government; for the army, for
the navy, and for the Indian Department, and
Indian annuities. It will be recollected that by
reason of the contested New Jersey sea's, this
House was not organized, by the election of a
Speaker, till the sixteenth of December; that the
standing committees were not announced till the
27 h day of December, and that not a single peti-
tion was referred till the fourth day of January
last. The Committee of Ways and Means was
not, (in consequence of the abseuee of the chair-
man, and other of its members,) convened till
January had somewhat aivanced; and those who
acted wiih me on the ccmmiuee will bear testi-
mony to the fact, that during the first thirty days
after our appomtmtnt, our whole time and atten-
tion weie devoted to, and engrossed by, those ap-
propriation bills, which the positive mandate of a
standing rule of the House compelled us to report
at once. The President inform* us that he had
caused the estimates for the present year to be sub-
jected to the severest scruiinj; and I can a«sure
gentlemen, that the Commit ee of Ways and
Means, in retertnee to the appropriation bills they
have rcpor ed, have partaken of the spirit of
econcrry evinced by the President and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. Par from acting upon the
principle of taking every thing they found in the
estimates for granted, they have subjected them all
lo a pr tty rigid scrutiny. May not these facts
serve as abundant reasons for the delay of which
the gentleman complain ?
It is then, sir, most,palpable, that some provision
to enable the fiscal department of your Govern-
ment to meet the inequalit es in the receipts and
expenditures of tbe whole year is neccsary, and
that the necessity for such provision was brought to
our view by the Secretary of the Treasury in hts
annual ieport. No gentleman has, as yet, differ-
ed fn m the Secretary in the opinion that relief of
some kind is necessary. The only ground hitherto
urged by the other Mde of the House is, that the
relief proposed by the bill will not be adequate to
the exigencies of the Government; that the deficit
will not only be laig r than the Secretary appre-
hends, but that it will be permanent. To this, Mr.
V. said, he would only rtspmd, that in legislating
on a subject of this ¡Jescription, he would not op-
pose his own opinion to that of an officer whose bu-
s ness it was to undeis'ard, not only the probable
wants of the Government, but to form an estimate
of what would be its probable leceipts within the
year; and if he had gven too flattering a view of
our prospects; if, indeed, it should prove to be ne-
cessary heieafter to make some provision for a
perm nent dtficiencj, til he (Mr. V.) would now
say was, that ''sufficient unto the day was the
evil thereot." It would be time enough to provide
lor si ch an exigency, when it should become more
palpable than it yet seemed to him. He would
here take occasion to remark that he rejoiced at he
sentiment so gpntrally expressed by all sides of the
Hou^e, that the necessary supplies must be fur-
nished to the Government. He was, indeed, glad
to see how universal was the feeling ihat her faith
must be preserved; that her integrity and fidelity to
her engagements must always be above susp con.
Sad and disastious upon the credit, not only of it-
self, but of the States, would be the efftct of a
failure on the part of this Government, to meet its
lawful engagements. He need hardly say that
such a deplorable calamity would prostrate the ere*
dit of all the States, and contribute much towards
rraking Republican institutions "a scorn and a by-
word" among «he nations of the earth. God grant
that such a calamity might never befa I us; that
national faith and national integrity, nay, more,
that State faith and State integrity, might ever ride
in safety and triumph even over the bitter and agi-
tated waters of party. He hoped never to see the
day when any one of the States of this Confedeiaey
should consummate her disgrace by repudiating
her own solemn engagements.
If it be conceded that some relief is necessary to
the Treasury Department, to enable it to meet in-
equalities in the receip s and expenditures of the
whole year, the next question which naturally
arises is, what is the best way of attaining that re-
lief? One of three modes must be chosen. You
must issue Treasury notes, negotiate a loan, or in-
crease your tariff of duties. The Secretary of he
Treasury asks relief on the assuanp ion that the
appropnations will not exceed *• «t. aM .That
thVse have been brought down to the lowes stand,
ard consistent with the healthful action of the Go-
