368
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cono-.•• 1st Srss.
choose to go further, and make regulations for the
opening of roads through the country, I cannot see
the least constitutional objection to it.   And what
strikes me very forcibly is, tha , so long as one of
these regions of country remains a territory, nobody
objects to making  roads in  it by  the authority of
Congress, and paying the expense out of the Trea-
sury.    Bat the public territory, so far as it remains
unsold, is under the  control of Congress after a
State is established, as well  as  before.    It  is as
much the duty ot Congress to take care of it, to sell
it advantageously, and to do every thing necessary
and proper for the  purpose of makng such sales,
after a State exists, as while the territorial form of
government existed.   There is, it is true, a difficul-
ty, rather theoretical   than practical, springing up,
or which,  by fossibility, might spring up, by the
establishment of the State Government; that is to
say, there might possibly be a difficulty about juris-
diction.   It might be necessary, in some imaginable
cases, to carry the road over lands belonging to in-
dividuals;   in   other   imaginable   cases,   it might
be   necessary   to   exercise   some   authority,   re-
sembling   municipal   authority,   for   the   protec-
tion   of  the   road.      But   these   cases   are   all
hypothetical.      No actual dimcuby has ever oc-
curred; and, as to the mere power of appropriat on,
there cannot he the slightest difference in the two
cases, of States  and Territories.   There must, in
each case, be a proper object—an object within the
just power of Congress.    And if this objects exist*,
the right to expend money upon it is  as clear in
one case as the other.      I suppose it  was  merely
with reference to this question of jurisdiction that
Mr. Jefferson deemed the concurrence of the States
important; although the question then pending had
more appearance of doubt, as the road then  to be
constructed was on this side of the  region of the
public land---, and wLhin the old States.    It is very
certain that if, in a given case, Congress  has not
power, under the Constitution, to make a grant of
money, it cannot obtain that  power by obaining
the consent of three or four States for itt exercise
Tne power miM rest, and it does ros', on the direct
anthority of Congress.
It is said that this is a local object, and that, in
carrying it forward, we, in effect, tax the whole
people for the benefit of a part. But this may be
said of almost every thing. To be sure, the road
is local; and so is every lort, every harbor, every
pier, every lighthouse, and every atmory and ar-
senal in the United States. But they are not, for
that reason, le-s within the just exercise of (he pow-
ers of Conitress, or less deserving its attention.
The money, it is true is tobe paid out of iheTtea-
sury; but then the public lands are constantly pay-
ing money into the Treasuiy. Suppose it had been
the practice to keep the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands in a distinct fund, separatetl from the
general moneys of the Treasury: it would seem
plain enough that out of this fund any reasonable
sum might be applied for the purpo-e of making
roads to and through the lands, for the purpose of
bringing them into ihe market.
There is yet another view of the subject, which
exhibits, I think, the duly of Congress in a clear
1 ght. We commence the settlement of these
forest lands by the work of thr surveyor. We
cause them to be hid off into townships and
sections. We then advertise them for sale by ?ec-
tions, or smaller quan'itie?, to accommodate set-
tlers. A few sellers buy their lots, fell the timber,
begin cultivation, and build ih-ir houses. But
there must be roads from house to house ; th'ie
must be bridges over tha streams; much cost and
labor are demanded for these and similar neigh-
borhood p-irposes. And this cost and labor are
supplied by the settlers. Meantime the Unnd
States, owners still of the greater part of the los
and secti«nc, contribute nothng, and are tax< d for
nothing. It has not been thought proper or con-
venient, for general reasons, that the Government
should be called on to bear any part of th.s ex-
pense, though it may be a very heavy expense, as
all know who are acquainted with the settlement
of new countries.
But, is the Government does nothing in com-
mon with other and smaller proprietors, for these
smaller objects, the reason is greater that, on a
Cumberland Road—Mr. Calhoun.
April,  1840.
Senate.
larger scale, and in regard to larger and more  ge-
neial objects, it should make its jum contribution.
I say nothing of the expense of the road, only
that I believe it has cist a great deal more than it
need to have c st. It has been sometimes very
badly managed. I hope the money may be more
economically expended hereafter. But I am of
opinion that the work ought to go on; and, not-
withstandmg that the. Treasury is not overflowing,
and notwithstanding that the Executive branches of
Government do not recommend it, nor include the
expense in the annual estimates, I shall yet give
my vots for the bill, and hope it may pas?.
Mr. CALHOUN said that he was thoroughly sa-
tisfied that .he General Government was wholly
unfit to carry on works of internal improvement,
and that, in his solicitude to see the termination of
the whole system, he would vote for the amend-
ment offered as a substitute for this bill by his
friend from Alabama, [Mr. Clay J He believed
the offtr was a liberal one, and ought to be ac-
cepted by the States interested. It wnnt beyond
the measure of real justice in the spirit of com-
promise, and the hope that it would put anenl
to this distracting question, and the system of
which it constitutes a part. It was only in that
view, he could justify his support of the proposition.
Indeed, he believed that the fund was emiiely
exhausted, and that the States interested in the
road had no just claim to futther appropriation or
aid from the Government.
He could not concur in the ©pinion of the Sena-
tor from Illinois, Mr. Young. That Senator ac-
knowledged that a sum much greater than could
ever be derived from the two per cent, fund had
been expended on the road, but insists, that en a
fair construction of the compact with the States
interested, a large portion of the sura expended
ought not to be charged to that fund. He rested
his construction on the expression, that the money
should be expended on roads leading to the
State, which he so cons'rued as to make it
the. duty (if the Government, under the com-
pact, to carry thr- road actually to the limits
of the S'ates, and which, if correct, would
oblige us to finish the road throughout its whole
extent to the birders of Missouri. In giving this
construction, he distinguished between "to" and
"towards."
' He (Mr. C.) did not ih'iik it. neces-ary to go into
this veibal discussion He rested h*s opinion on
more solid ground. It. was, in fact, too late to
inquire into the iruememing of the compact in
reference to the fund. Two points we e certain.
In the first place, that the Government is not
bound to expend more than two per cent.cn the
road, and that the fund had been exhausted.
And, in the next place, that it had been ex-
hausted bv the votes, in part, of the members of the
States ¡nle¡e-ted in that fuiid, and at the rnrne-t
solicitation of the State?, which the y íepresent, and
against the strenuous opposition of a large portion
of the membets from other paits of the Union.
It is too Ute to say tlr? fund is not liable for such
exfenditures. They are estopped hy{fheir own acts.
The very ca- e stated by the Senator wou'd illustrate
what he said. Tie asks, if an nndi rtaker should
engage to spend S 10,000 to build a house foi you,
and should spend that sum on the foundation,
would that fulfil his engagement 1 Yes, cettitnly,
if that be the. limit of the amount agreed to
be spent, and if you shod by and insisted he
.«hoiild sp nd the whol? sum be h<td engag d to
do on the foundation; and such is precisely tl.e
present case.
Nor could he agree, with the opinion of the Se-
nator from Ohio, [Mr. Tapfan.] He takes the
ground that justice demands the appropriation; that
in consequence of this, and other improvements by
the Government, we have received a much higher
price for the land sold, than what we could otber-
wisejbave got, and that the purchasers have already
paid for the road in this increase of price. He
attempted to| establish his position" by reference
to Ihe price at which Connecticut sold her re-erve,
which he stated to be foity cms the acre. In an-
swer to this, it is sufficient t j remark that ih- pub-
he lands, so far from affording an in.tome, have
not yet returned to the General Government the
sum expended for them, as was stated and not de-
nied ia the recent discussion on the que<tienof
assuming the State debts; and that, of course, if the
road has been thus far constructed, and if it is to
be continued, must be constiucted at the expense
of the commerce of the country, our only available
source of revenue in reality.
But another, and not less decisive answer, might
be given to the argument. So far from selling on
belter, we have sold on worse terms than Connec-
ticut. She sold her whole interest in the gross, in-
eluding good and bad land, without expense, al-
most a half century ago, for cash in hand, or, what
is the same, paper well secured, with interest;
while we have been selling through all the interme-
diate period, piece by piece, of our best land, at a
heavy expense. It requires but little knowledge of
figures to show that, taking interest into the esti-
mate, she has realized a clear profit per acre far
greater than what we have, without making any
deduction for expenses, trouble, and responsibility
of management.
He had now showed that this appropriation can-
not be defended tin the claims of justice. If, then,
it can be defended at all, it must be on the broad
and general ground of expediency and constitu-
tionality, on which every other work of the same
description would stand. He would not assent to
the ingenious attempt of the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Wright,] to distinguish it from other
works of the kind. That Senator acknowledged
that the two per cent, fund had been long since ex-
hausted, and admitted that witheut the provision in
this bill charging the work on that fund, there
would be no distinction between an appropriation
for this and any other road; and yet, with these ad-
missions, he undertook the herculean task of prov-
ing that the retention of the provision charging
the appropriation on that exhausted fund, would,
by some magic, make a material distinction be
tween this and all other roads. His intellect, he
acknowledged, was too obtuse to perceive the dif-
ference; unless, indeed, it be meant that, if the
provision were retained, it would have the effect to
prevent the President, in Ihe exercise of his ap-
proving rowei, from looking beyond the act itself,
and ascertaining whether, in truth, the fund was
exhausted or not, and thus to compel him to sign
an ac'. wh ch, otherwise, his o.ith to suppo,t the
Consilium n would compel him to veto. He took
an entirely different view. He believed it due to
Ihe President, to' ourselve , and the Constitution, to
present thr- set to htm, if presented at all, in exact
conformity to the state of the Tacts, so as to afford
him a fair oppoitunity to exercise the high power
vested in him by th  Constitution over our acts,
wi'h full knowledge of all the facts; and if he had
no other objection to the bill than the retention of
this deceptions provision, as he regarded if., he
would on that account vote against it. He held a
strict adherence to truth, in every particular, to be
among nut m< st solemn obligations.
Viewing this bill like every other for internal im-
provement, he was opposed to it, if for no other
reason, brcau-e the experience of a quarter of a
century hail prnvc-rt that this Government was
utterly unfit to carry on works of the kind. He
would vote for th>- s'ihs'iinte, in ordet to get rid of
the whole system. It appears, by a statement from
the Tieasury Department, that there has been spent
by this Government, for internal improvements,
the sum of $1S,GOO,0()0, m round numbes. If, to
this expendi'ure, interest be added, it may be fait iy pit
down at the sum of Iwenty-five millions-, and what
do you suppose has been the asgiegate íncom- of the
Governme.it from thisimnienseexpenditure,'qual to
one-fourth of the debt of the Revo utionl The
whole amount is just $173,620, and that from a
single work, the Lou.svitleand Portland canal; and
we have now, if I mistake not, a bill on the calen-
der to surrender that work. Nor is this road an
exception to wasteful and thoughtless expenditure.
It has be:n stated in debate, and not contradicted,
that it has thus far cos' $18,000 per mil ; a sum at .
leavt three times as great as a goad road of the
kind may be made for, and much greater than
what a sub-tatitial íailroad ought to cost.                    ,
Georgia is constructing at this time a railroad from   ,
the Tennessee to the Chatahoochie river, a distance
it
lid
nit
KIT
Cap
.1
IS'
guet
stan
Jon
'his
an
in
nai
;re¡
itb
tin;
«
sop
ijii
fir
it
Jm
n
ii
*<
