April, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL Gy3BE.
369
86th Cong' "1st Skss.
Freedom of Elections—Mr. Watterson.
H of Reps.
of Í20 miles, including the mountain section be-
tween the Atlantic and the Western waters, at the
rate of fl5 000 per mile, substantially made, to be
laid down with heavy rails and graded for double
tracks. If he misstated, he asked his friend from
Georgia, back of him, to correct him, [Mr. Lump-
kin.] He felt that he hazarded nothing in assert-
in?, that this very road wiH in ten years be super-
seded by a railroad, and will prove worthle*s, like
all our other projects of the kind, with the lucky ex-
ception to which he had alluded. The uncertain
navigation of the Ohio river, in summer and win-
ter, will make a railroad passing in the same direc-
tion necessary, and when made, this, which costs so
much, and is the cause of so much contest, will be
no more than a mere neighborhood road, being
used to drive stock on, and not good for that.
But the unfitness of this Government to carry on
works of internal improvements is not confined to
this objection. Oar disbursements are as par-
tial and unequal as they are wasteful
and thoughtless. I hold in my hand a
document, (No. 89, 2J Ses. 23d Congress,) which
gives the amount expended under the he^d of in-
ternal improvement, from the commencement of
the Government to 1833. To fiat period there
had been expended ten millions of dollars in
round numbers, of which sum Georgia had re-
ceived just seventeen thousand for her share, South
Carolina nothing at all, Kentucky nothing, Vir-
ginia nothing, and Tennessee twenty-seven thou-
sand dollars. Tne truth is, that the expenditures
appear tjhave been governed by importunity and
pol.tical influence, with little or no regard to justice
or utility.
A system so conducted mast lead to discontent,
and be productive, politically, of mischievous conse-
quences. Need we go further than this very in-
stance to prove the truth of this assertion? Can we
doubt that there is, in reality, a Iarg« portion of
this body discontented with so large an annual
draft on the Treasury for a single work, as local
in its character as a thousand others that may be
named? Nay, further; can we doubt that there is a
great majority of the body of both parties opposed to
it, both on the ground of expediency and constitution-
ality, but who feel themselves compel'e I, <n a m*a-
sure, to vote for the appropriation, because of l's
supposed bearing on a certain question which now
agnates the country, but which he did not deem it
proper to name here. According to hts mode of
thinking, those who represented the States imme-
diately concerned had the greatest interest in tei-
minating the whole system. They were place', in
hts opinion, in a state truly awkward and embar-
rassing; and for hinvel', he would rather that his
Sia'e should n^ver receive a cent, than to receive
doable the amount contained in this bill, under the
circumstances under which it would have to be
voted.
It is time, Mr. President, that we should awake
from our long slumber.    We have, for the last fif-
teen or twenty years, be^n wasung the resources or
the Union on innumerable objects  of internal ex-
penditure—reals, canals, harbors,  an overgrown
eleemosynary  pension  list,  never intended to be
placed,  by the  Constitution,  under the charge of
this Government—while we have been grossly ne-
glecting the great objects for which the Government
was really instituted. It is hgh time that ih's internal
b'eedmg, which has been wasting the streng h of the
Government, should cease, and that weshou'd direct
our attention  and resources to objects really en-
trusted to the Government, and for which it it re-
sponsible.   He was no alarmist: he  did not be-
lieve that war would grow out of the boundary
question.    Right, he solemnly believed, was w th
us; and when  the Government of Great Britain
came to a full and calm consideration of the sub-
ject, such, he believed, would be her conclusion;
but be that as it may, he could not bring hts mind
to the belief that two nations so deeply interested
in preserving ppace, would refuse to settle such a
question short of an appeal  to arms.   The great
point is to prevent collision between ihe local au-
thorities on the opposite side of the line, and to
keep the question to the real point at issue.    If this
be done, he did not doubt but the controversy
would terminate peaceably, and to the mutual sa-
24
tisfaclion of both partie .    But although he did not
believe that war would result, or that there was
danger in that quarter, he ct uld not l«ok at the ge-
neral state of the  world, without fearing that the
elements of snife were daily multiplying and gain-
ing strength, and that it was time for us to economize
our resources, and direct them to the point where
they would be felt in the hour of trial.    We must
look to the ocean.   That is the exposed side—the
side of danger.    There was no real danger on the
side of Ihe inland frontier.    He regarded the Bri-
tish possessions on that frontier as a pledge of
peace, and not a source of danger.    The immense
increase of our population on the whole extent of
the line, and  the still greater facility of concen-
trating the great masses of our population on any
of its exposed points, by roads and canals, made us
invincible there.   Not so on the maritime frontier.
It i-j there we are really exposed, and to that we
must direct our attention.   For its defence fortifica-
tions have their value; but they have been over
estimated.    It is on the navy we must rely.   It
was our cheapest and safest defence—at once our
sword and shield.   On it we should converge our
surplus means.    He would be prepared to show,
on the proper occasion, that it would be in  our
power, by strict economy, and withholding useless,
profuse, corrupting, and unconstitutional expendi-
tures, to put on the ocean, at no distant period,
and    without increase of burden, a   force that
would   give   to   us   the  habitual   command   of
the    adjacent   sea ,   against    any    force   that
could be safely   kept by any hostile   power  on
our coast.   At that point we ought to a m.    No-
thing short of it can give security or respectability.
The first step is to put a stop to ihese internal  ex-
penditures; at the head of whi'B stands lhat which
is the subject of this discussion     Till it is stopped
this system cannot be arrested; nor can we have
any assurance till  then that it will  not return on
us in its full vigor.    O her portions of the Union
will not stand by and 'ee a part receiving all the
benefit of ihe sys em, be the preteace what it may,
without struggling to participate in its advantages.
On mo-ion by Mr. WHITE,
The Senate adjourned.
SPEECH OF MR. WATTES^ON,
OF TENNESSEE.         /
n the House of Repres ntativts,l Jlpril 4S, 1840—In
reply to Mr. Bell, on his bill loji^cure the free-
dom of elections, and to prowKh/more effectually
for the faithful adm nisirati<wf of Executive pa-
tronage.
Mr. WATTERSON said:
1 do not intend, on the present occas'on, to take
up much of the tune of the House, by reading,
iteraiin?, and reit°rating the opinions of Washing-
ten, < f JVfferson, of Madison, and of Jackson, in
regard to the pnncip'es embraced in the bill now
brought forward by my honorable col'eague. I
shilt content mvs^lt w th stating, m plain lan-
guage, my own view*; an 1 for thera will I be re-
s;>onMb'e to those who sent me here, and to the
country.
The b 11 is net a new acquaintance. It had its
faint and comparatively harm'ess prototype in the
sedition law ot the e der Adams—a measure which
overthrew the party lhat onginated it; which
brought about the p litical revolution of 1801; and
which gave rise to that immortal declaration of the
principles of th s Government, by the Virginia As-
sembly, which has been adopted and recognised sis
the corner s'one of Temocracy. These principles
will stand unshaken amid all the conflicts ol party,
and must continue to control this Government as
long as it shall exist; for whenever the General Go-
vernment shall go beyond i's proper sphere, and
assume arbitrary powers, or powers not delegated
to it, it will come into collision with the State sove-
reignties, in such a manner as to cause its over-
throw.
My first objection, therefore, to the bill pro-
posed by my colleague, is, that it is unconstitu-
tional. It interferes in a matter properly belong-
ing to State au'hority, and over which this Go-
vernment has no sort of control. Congress
as no r>ght to prescribe the qualifications of elec-
tors in the several States; nor the mode of conduct-
ing elections; nor the privileges or immunities of
cuizens in relation to elections. All this is left to
State regulation. The States, if they see fit, can
make any laws on this subject, not conflicting with
iheir own and the Constitution of the United States.
But no State has yet seen proper to direct its legis-
lation against the influence or the acts of Federal
officers, as distinguished from other classes of citi-
zens. Congress is expressly prohibited by the
words of the Constitution from making any law,
"abridging the freedom cf speech or of the press."
For wise reasons, the Constitution has been so
framed as to withhold from the General Govern-
ment any power to restrain the exercise of the right
of speech, and the right of the press. To the
States alone it belongs to judge how far these rights
may be properly restricted. It is too late to argue
this question. It has been settled by the almost
unanimous voice of the people of these States.
The principles of thi* bill, however, ara stiH
more inconsistent with our Constitution, and with
the doctrin*s of Jefferson and Madison, than those
of the sedition law. The latter restrained the free-
dom of the press, but the former strikes at the liberty
of speech. The sedition law allowed the truth to
be given tn justification of what was published;
but this bill makes criminal even the suggestion of
undisputed truth, in regard to public men and mea-
sures.
The object of the b>ll is to prevent Federal offi-
cers from inier.needling in elections, or. in <>uVr
wordv, to gte th>m to deprive them of their right 
under the Consti'ut on; t<> forb'd ih^m from speak-
ing on public «flairs. My colleague, indeed, '•ays,
that his object is to emancipate mese unfortunate
men from Executive influente. It may be that,
tike the Turk, he wouid ensi^ve, >n oidet 10 i-r« «e-
lytf; and, *ir, if t^is b '1 nuuxt be mrde a 'a v, the
offic re of the GovfrniBeni ag-nn-, whum ,< i-,
airaei', W"Uld be watched, and dogg' d, and mi re-
pre^ented, and pro-eruted, unti' 'h>y we e ilriven
iito the sa'ictuar  ot in<  tine Opp s t.>>n  a'h
I ask it the bill now brougut in b<- my colleague,
is not the same in princpK if n«"t in d<*uil, as 'hat
which was introduced into the Senaw ia-t v¿ar by
aSen-itor from Kemuck\, [Mr. O Rims'  den,] and
which incurred the marked H(«appioba'H n of f>ar
j body, and "t the pe<>p e? It I am not mistaken, my
cotleagu approved highly of ihat bill I remem-
ber, said Mr. W. that I tead the sp«e<h f my col-
league on the harbor bill in ihe year 1836, m which
he qiotes, with much admiration, an old Enjli^h
statute, passed in the year 1701, prohibiting certain
officers of the enstoms anl excise, and of the post
office, from giving their votes in any election
of members of Parliament, or from persuading
any elector to give, or dissuading him from
giving, his vote in such election. He then called
upon the freemen of the United States to take a
les«on on this subject from «he legislation of a Go-
vernment less free than our own, and of an age in
which Republicanism was known but in the visions
of philosophers. Tne example drawn from Eng-
lish legis ation, is an abridgement of the elective
franchise. That Government ha* abridged the
same right in an hundrsd different ways and under
various pretences. It has indeed narrowed it down
under any pretext which it supposed might recon-
cile the people to such encroachment. But why
should we follow a precedent so hostile to the ge-
nius of onr Government? Weuld the gentleman
be?in the work of suppressirg the voice of free-
men on public affans, on any pretence, so as to fa-
mtliariie us to a scheme which, among the Fede-
ralists, has always tended gradually to gag the peo-
ple and restrict the right of suffrage. That party
has never lost sight of their original plan of warp-
ing our Government into the British system.
This system, which my colleague believes to be
so necessary to the preservation of the freedom
of elections, in this free laid, was adopted by a
Senator, and brought forward, at the last
session, in a bill which was a cony, word
for word, of the Bririfh statute, which so
much pleases my colleague. Five Senators
wre /ouBd to vote for it, Hw of them, perhaps, m
compliment to the well known opuronsof ay
colleague, but never was a bill leas iftTored by th*
