April, 1840.___________
26th ConO"**1*t Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Freedom of Elections—Mr. Watterson.
H. of Reps.
For services as commissioner treat-
ing with the Indians from Au-
gust 11 to September 25, 1815,
44 days, at |8 -
353
$2,651
Amonnt recti in his civil capacity,         #3,651 00
Amount rec'd in his military capacity,     8,172 51
Treasurt Department,
Third Auditor's Office, March 25, 1840.
PETER HAGNER, Auditor.
These statements, sir, do not include the thousands
which Gen. Harrison is annually receiving from the
office he now holds at Cincinnati. Tney show,
too, that from the time he first entered the public
service, np to the last payment which was made
him, he received about two thousand dollars per
annam! Away, then, with the misrepresentations
of the Opposition in reference to his pecuniary con 
iition. Let them cease the doleful cry of
"Pity the sorrows of a poor old man,"
and no more attempt to foist him into the Presi-
dential chair, by appealing to our sympathies, ra-
ther than to onr judgments.
I hold in my hand, Mr. Speaker, a pamphlet
containing the proceedings of the late Harrisburg
Convention, together with the names of the dele-
gates from the several Stat , who nominated Gen.
Harrison a candidate for the Presidency. In look-
ing over this pamphlet, the inquiry suggested itself
to my mind, who were these delegates? What are
their professions? What aie their principles?
Were they delegates "fresh from the people," or
were they the lepresentatives of moneyed corpo-
rations, of mere town politicians and street braw-
lers? Although I knew the task would be an ar-
duous one, and the performance of it might call
down upon my head the vengeance oí the Opposi-
tion, yet I set about it, and have collected a ma s
of information on all these points, which I will
take this opportunity of laying before the House
and the country. I would here state that I have
denved my information, not from one, nor two,
but at least fifty members of Congress from every
portion of the Union, and have full confidence
myself, that it is strictly correct, so far as it goes.
If, however, I should make any statement which is
not substantially true, in regard to a single dele-
gate in mat convention, I wish to be corrected as I
proceed. I would do no man intentional injus-
tice, neither will I deal in abuse. I will simply
give such facts as I have been able to obtain, and
in doing which, it will he clearly shown, whether
General Harrison is the "people's candidate" or
not—whether he is the candidate of those who live
m ''log cabins" and drink "hard cider " I will also
note those who were for John d. Adams for the
Presidency. I wish to show the gentleman from
Massachusetts how many old friends he had in the
Harrisburg convention, and at the same time to
let my colleague see with whom he and the Whigs
of Tennessee are co-operating. It may be that
my colleague has changed his opinions of bis pre-
sent political associates since 1827, when he
charged Mr. Adams and Mr. Clay, in a letter to
his consituents, with coming into power under
" tircumsUtnus affording all the evidences of a eoali
lion, farmed upon, the basis of mutual benefits to be
received awl con/erred," when he alleged that doc-
trines were held by that Administration, "subver-
aweofthe first prvudfies of free Government." At
any rate he seems to be in strange company. But
to the convention:
PRESIDENT
Jambs Barbour of Virginia, lawyer, was Mr.
Adams's Secretary at War; also Minuter to Eng-*
land under the same Administration.
Mr LINCOLN rose, and called the gentleman to order He
«as not in the habit of interrupting the course of the discussions
going on, but the course-of debate of the gentleman from Ten.
nessee was such, that he felt it his duty to endeavor to put a
■toe to it. The gentleman was giving biographical sketches,
and commenting on the political conduct of individuals over the
whole Union    Such a course of debate was entirely out of or-
^SrTJn1"1 upon ** 8™a*sé now to deride whether the
rules of the House were to be enforced or net.
r«Mr  WfJTEHSON said that his colleague
[Mr.  Bill] had yesterday entertained the House"
w*a a discussion en the influences exercised by
office holders in the political affairs of the country,
and he thought it but right, as an offset to that
course of argument, to show the influence at-
tempted and exercised by those seeking office. He
wanted to show the political characters of the mot-
ley assemblage of those seeking to break down the
present Administration, and the discordant mate-
rials of which their party was composed.
Messrs- Starkweather,Gentry-, Mason, Wise,
Brigqs, and Weller, also spoke to this point of
order, when on motion of Mr. Weller, Mr.
Watterson, was permitted to go on.
Mr. WATTERSON regretted very much that
he had been interrupted, because he could have
concluded his remarks in the time occupied by the
interruption. He said his colleague [Mr. Bell]
had been denouncing the officers of the Govern-
ment as vampires, sucking blood out of the coun-
try. And was it irrelevant to the subject before
the House for him (Mr. Watterson) to speak of
those who wanted to cove into power? But, in
order or out of order, the House had given him li-
berty to proceed, and he would do so? Who acted
in the Harnsburg Convention as   •
VICE PRESIDENTS?
Thomas Metcalf, of Kentucky. He was a Re-
presentative to Congress in 1825, and voted for
John duincy Adams
Elisha M. Huntingdon, of Indiana, lawyer,
and was for John duincy Adams.
Peter R. Livingston, of New York, a retired
lawyer, and was for John Ctuincy Adams.
Jacob Bdrnet, of Ohio, lawyer, is an avowed
Federalist, and wore the black cockade in 1798.
But let him speak for himself:
Cincinnati, Nov. 1837.
Dbaa Sr* Though lam not disposed to say much, or indeed
any thing of myself, further than is necessary in stating the
transactions in which I participated, ret I am unwilling to con-
ceal the fact, that I was, and ALWAYS HAVE BEEN, A FE-
DERALIST Educated in that school, I retain and CHERISH
THE NAME, as descriptive of the purest Republican patriots
the country has ever produced.
JACOB BURNET.
To J   DBLAFIELD, J r
I would add, that Judge Burnet was one of Gen.
Harrison's chief spokesmen in the convention. So
well were the delegates pleased with his speech, in
which he pronounced Harrison a Jeffersonlan Re-
publican, that, by a vote of the convention, it was
appended to their proceedings. It has also been pub-
lished in pamphlet form in this city, and extensive-
ly circulated throughout the country. Verily, it
appears a little odd to hear "black cockade Federal-
ists" eulogizing men for their " Jeffersonian Repub-
licanism.
Mr. Lincoln again called Mr. W. to order; and
an animated debate arose, in which Mr. Lincoln,
Brown of Tennessee, Ciippord, Bell, Wise,
Chap wan, and Cushing participated.
Mr. Crabb moved that the gentleman from Ten-
nessee be permitted to proceed; wh'ch motion was
agreed to.
Mr. WATTERSON" then resumed his remarks.
He said he was anxious to get at General Harri-
son's principles, and the principles of the Whig
party generally, which he could not do, without
going into the Harrisburg convention, and seeing
who were there. Although it might not be very
palatable to Whig members, to see the war car-
ried into their own camp, yet he hoped they would
stand the fire, and not jump behind the rules of the
House quite so often for protection. But even the
rules were not wide enough to cover over that con-
vention; for if he were stopped, he pledged himself
(hat their names should appear in his published
speech. But he was obliged to the House for leave
to go on, and should continue his biographical
sketch.
VICE PRESIDENTS.
John Andrew Scholtz of Pennsylvania. He
was elected Governor of that State by the Demo-
cratic party, but soon evinced symptoms of apos-
tacy, and ultimately leaped over into the Federal
ranks, where he has been a valiant soldier for near
ten years.
James Wilson of New Hampshire, lawyer,
anti-war Federalist, Abolitionist, and was for John
duincy Adams. When a candidate for Governor
of that' State, m 1838, he advocated Jfce moat ultra
Abolition doctrines. "Congress has power," said
he, in reply to the interrogatories of the Abolition-
ist, "to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia
and in the Territories, and the slave trade there and
between the States. / am of opinion Congress ought,
xoilhout delay, to exercise the power that body has over
the subject."
Isaac C. Bates of Massachusetts, lawyer, bank
direcior, agent for Massachusetts claims, member
of the State council, an old Federalist, and was for
John duincy Adams.
Here Mr. Cushino called Mr. Watterson to
order, and the question of "order" was debated by
Messrs. Dawson, Doncan, and others, when
On motion of Mr. Banks of Virginia,
Mr. Watterson was permitted to proceed. He
was unfortunate, he observed, in having so many
points of "order" raised upon him, particularly as
his colleague had spoken nearly seven hours, and,
a part of the time, had wandered much further
from the subject before the House than he had
done. Why did not these great sticklers for "or-
der" arrest his remarks? Why did they not bring
him back from France, whither he had roved in
search of vampires'* No, no; their "bull" was
then goring "our ox," and it was all well enough;
but so soon as the "goring" commences on the
other side, the "galled jades" begin to "wince,"
and they bellow out "foul play." Now for the
other
VICE PRESIDENTS
John S. Peters of Connecticut, physician, and
a stockholder in banks. He was once a Jackson
man, but deserted about the time of the panic,
which was gotten up by the Opposition, in conse-
quence of the removal of the deposites from the
Bank of the United States.
David Hazard of Delaware, merchant, director
of a bank, and was for John duincy Adams.
George Howard of Maryland, formerly Gover-
nor, and was for John duincy Adams.
Ephraim Marsh of New Jersey, proprietor and
keeper of a hotel at a fashionable watering place,
and was for John duincy Adams.
John Owen of North Carolina, planter.
SECRETARIES
Charles B. Penrose, of Pennsylvania, lawyer.
He made a two days' speech in the Legislature of
that State, in 1834, against the Bank of the United
States, and such was his decided opposition to that
institution and the Whig party, that he was re-elec-
tedinl835or6. ButioUo the astonishment of every
body, he immediately tumbled over into the Federal
ranks, and to cap the climax of his apostacy, vo-
ted for the recharter of the bank, and by his influ-
ence carried the measure over the heads of the
Democracy. He is also notorious on account of
the part which he took in the memorable "buck-
shot war" at Harrisburg m 1838, and will never
be forgotten for the heroic exploit, whilst Speaker
of the Senate at that time, of becoming frightened
at his own imagination and jumping out of the
back window.
Sylvanos R. Lthan, of Maine, merchant. He
is now a member of the Legislature, and voted for
a resolution instructing the Representatives in Con-
gress, from that State, to rescind the resolution re-
fusing to receive or act upon Abolition petitions.
Charles Paine, of Vermont, manufacturer, and
the son of Elijah Paine, who was appointed Dis-
trict Judge of Vermont by the elder Adams. He
was for John duincy Adams.
George W. Ralph, lawyer, and was for John
dnincy Adams.
I will now, Mr. Speaker, take up the States re-
presented in the Harrisburg convention in geogra-
phical order.                                                   '
MAINE.
John Neal, lawyer, and was for John duincy
Adams.
Samuel Bradley, another delegate to the I**"-18"
burg convention, is a lawyer, Abolitionist, ana was
for John duincy Adams.                         ,
Here Mr. W. was again c y d to order by
Mr. S ALTONSTALL, who said he would like to
know what the He*tf<#d convention had to do with
the subject before the Hou r
Mr. WISE must in justice say,^U"^ •
speech in favo  of the gemreman ítem Teases**
thai his imagination could not see the relevancy of
his remarks.
