374
APPKNDTX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cong-...1st. Sesí.
April,  1840o
Freedom of Election*—Mr. Watierson.
H. of Reps.
Mr WATTERSON. I have said nothing about
the Hartford Convention The gentleman from
Massachusetts seems to be extremely sensitive on
that subject, and furnishes a striking illustration of
the fact that the " wicked fleeth, whf r no man
pursueih." I am very sorry to be called to order
so ofien. If members of the Opposition on this
floor would strictly Confine themselves 'o order, I
weuld strictly confine myself to order. If gentle-
men will not permit me to lay bctore the House
tbe complexion of the delegates to the Harnsburg
Convention, they eannot deprive me of the privi-
lege of doing so when I write out my remarks
Butfcsl have sat here from day to day, and lis-
tened to Whig members making party speeches,
which had no relevancy, not the most remote, to
the subject before the House, I little expected, I
confess, to hear myself called to order sj repeated-
ly from that quarter.
[Cries of "go on," "go on," from many—let's
have all their names "j
Mr. WATTERSON said, no. Leave had been
given him to proceed several times, and befoie he
could define the position of more than a single de-
legate or two in that convention, he was again
called to order, and he was now determined to go
on with his comments, which he supposed would
be in order.
[Names of the delegates from the different States
in the Harnsburg Convention, which Mr. W. was
not permitted to lay before the House. But he
pledged himself that the/ should appear in his
written speech, and here they are ]
MAINE
Elisha H. Allen, lawyer. He is a member of
the Legislature of that State, and recently voted to
Instruct their Representatives in Congress to re-
scind W. Cost Jobnsun's resolution against the re-
ception of Abolition petitions.
George Pendleton, merchant, Abolitionist, and
was fur John duincy Adams.
Richard H. Vose, lawyer, Abolitionist, and was
for John duincy Adams
Zina Hyde, merchant, Abolitionist, and was for
John duincy Adams.
NEW HAMPSHIRE
Godfrey Stephens, merchant, and was for John
duincy Adams.
Solomon McNeil, speculator, and was for John
GLuinc) Adams.
James Wilson, lawyer, Abolitionist, and was
for John duincy Adams.
Joel Eastman, lawjer, Abolitionist, a defeated
candidate for Congress, and was for John duincy
Adams.
MASSACHUSETTS
Peleg Spragce, a lawyer, was for John duin-
cy Adams,, and formerly a Senator in Congress
from Maine. He came to Boston, it is shrewdly
bU'pected, because he was too aristocratic lor De-
mocratic Maine.
Samuel Hoar, lawyer, Federalist of the bluest
sort, bank direc'or, Abolitionist, and was for John
duincy Adams.
Artemas Lee, manufactnrer, Abolitionist, bank
director, and was for John duincy Adams.
John Howard, cashier of the Springfield Bank,
and was for John duincy Adams.
Harrison Gray Otis Colby, lawyer, bank di-
rector, and was for John duincy Adams.
Benjamin K. Hough, speculator, and was for
John duincy Adams. His father is president of a
bank.
George Ashman, lawyer, bank director—W8s
for John duincy Adams, and would like to be m
Congress.
Barker Burnell, cashier of Manufacturers' and
Mechanics' Bank, Nantucket, and an aspirant for
Mr. Reed'  seat in Congress. He was for John
duincy Adams.
Heney Shaw, lawyer, director in the Agricultu-
ral Bank, Pittsfield, has a strong hankenng to be
in Congress, and was for John duincy Adams.
Nathaniel M. Davis, law}er, bank director
and was for John duincy Adams.
Charles Hudson, clergyman, Director of We*.
tern Railroad, member of the State Council, bit-
ter Federalist, and was for John duincy Adams.
Warren Lovfking, lawyer bank commission-
er, and was (or Ji hn Q,umey Adams
James H. Duncan, lawyer, pre-ident of the
Menmack Bank at Haverhill, membei of the State
Council, and was for John duincy Adims.
Richard Haughton, editor of the Boston Atlas,
and a i> said was net a deleaate to the Harnsburg
Convention, but went a* tender to Peleg Spraeue.
As his name is found, ho ever, among the lut of
delegates tor Massachusetts, it is s irheient to ^ay
that he is an Abolition apologist, (as is almost eve-
ry other delegate ñora that State) and was for John
duincy Adams.
RHODE ISLAND
George G. Kino, hwjer, bank commit oner,
bank stockholder, and was for J< hn duincy
Adams. In 1839, he made a speech in the Legis
lature of Rhode Island against Mr AtueitonV anti-
Abolition resolution , adopted te> the House of Re-
presentative  in Congress, and in favor ef the Abo-
lition canse generally.
James F. Simmons, president of a bank in the
city ol Providence, is a large stockholder in banks,
and an old Federalist. He was, lor J hn duincy
Adams, and is now a warm admirer o1 fiat veteran
in Federal doctnnes,except when he kicks out of the
traces, and then he curses him. Mr Simmons is a
leading politician in Rhode Island, ard an avpirant
for a seat in the Senate of the Un ted States. A lit-
tle better than a year ago, he made a speech
against Atherton's resolutions, in which he aimed
to conciliate the Abohtionis's.
William Anthony, manufacturer, bank di-
rector, and was for John dmncy Adams.
Byron D man, manufacturer, a stockholder  in
several banks,  was a  quasi Jackson man, until
Jackson ve'oed the Bank.    He is.  now the   Whig
candidate for lieutenant Governor of Rhode Island.
CONNECTICUT
Charles Davies, editor ot a Federal newspaper
in the city of Hartford.
Wm. W. Boardman, lawyer, and batik stock-
holder.
CnARLES H. Phelps, lawyer, bank director and
stockholder, and was lor John duincy Adams.
Charles Hawly, lawyer, ban'c at'orney and
stockholder, and was for John duincy Adams.
Joseph S. Gladding, manufacturer, president of
the Jewett county bank, and was tor John duincy
Adams.
E. Champion Bacon, lawyer, son of the presi-
dent of a bank, and was for John duincy Adams.
EbenezerJackson, lawjer, bank attorney, and
was. lor John dumcy Adams.
\ERWONT
Wm. Henry, bank siockholder, cashier of a
bank, and was for John duu.cy Adams.
A. B. W. Tenney, Abolitions, and was for
John duincy Adams.
Samuitl H. Holly, lawyer, Abolitionist, lives in
Mr. Slade's distuct, ani is one of his right hand
men.    He was for John duincy Adams.
Wm. B. Briogs, lawyer, and Abolition lecturer.
He was for John duincy Adams, a postmaster un-
der his administration, and was turned out under
the administration of General Jackson.
NEW   YORK
Chandler Starr, merchant, bank commissioner,
and wis for John duincy Adams.
John A. King, lawyer, son ot Rufas King, and
was appointed Charge d'Affaires to England by
John Cluincy Adams. He is thj tame man who
lately introduced a re olution into the Legislature
of New York, denouncing a resolution adopted
by this House, m regard to Abol tion petitions, to-
gether with the Democratic Representatives Irom
that Siate who vi ted for it.
Dudley ¡?elden, lawyer, and bank director.
Jddah Hammond, lawyer, and speculator in real
estate, in the city of New York.
James A. Hamilton, a retired lawyer, aristocrat,
and the son of Alexander Hamilton
Robt. C. Wetmore, merchant, bank director,
and uas for John duincy Adams.
Hudson McFarland, manufacturer, director of
a bank, Abolitionist, and was for John duincy
Adams
Henry Ress, lawyer, and would be the last man
to drink hard cider, until the Champagne was ex-
hausted.
Eliphas Fay, school teacher, and was lor John
dumry Adams
Elisha Jt-MKiNS, a gentleman of pleasure, and
was foi John duincy Adams
Amos Brioo-, manufacturer, and was tor John
dumcy Adorns
Sol' mon Va .' Ren-lllaer He belongs to the
Albany arwiocracy, and was lately removed from
the po-t office in tSat city He is an old Federalist,
and wa> for J< hn du.r.cy Adams
Henry Hamilton, lawyer, canal commissioner,
and was for John dmncy Adán s
J Knickerbocker, lawyer, pre-i^en' of the Wa-
tertord Ban!', sh iver, a hite ,ight Federalist, and
was lorJ'hn  dumcy AJatns
Bernard Blair, lawjer, and was for John
dm icv Adatas
Sylvester Gilbert, merchant, and was for
John dumcy Adams
David Petrie, merchant, and was tor John
duincy Adams
C.  P. Kirkland, lawyer, a defeated raniidate
for Congress, and was for John duincy Adams.
A Z. McCarty, lawjer, a Federalist of the old
school, and was tor John   dmncy Adams.
D.  D. Spencer, editot, bookseller, and was for
John dumcy Adams.
John Rd>sEll, physician, and was for John
duincy Adams.
Vincent Whitvey, a gentleman of pleasure.
He turned Democrat, got office, and then returned
to his first love.
James Dunn, lawyer, editor, and % as tor John
duincy Adams.
Amos P  Granger, speculator and shaver.
J D. Ledtard a gentleman of leisure, and was
for John duincy Adams.
Geo. H. Wood, lawyer, aristocrat, and was for
Jehn dumcy Adam*.
Gary V. Sacket, lawyer, and was for John
duincy Adams
Henry W. Taylor, lawyer, Abolitionist, aris-
tocrat, and was for John duincy Adams.
John N. Dox, lawjer.
Phineas L. Tracy, lawyer, Abolitionist, and was
for John duincy Adams.
Allen Ayrauth, president of a bank, a shaver,
and would take "the pound of flesh" from the te-
nant of a "log cabin," in the twinkling of an eye,
or as soon as any other named Kan
Chauncy Tucker, lawyer, and was for John
duincy Adams.
Robt. Smith, owner ot an extensive sione cut-
ting e-ubltehment in ihe city of New York.
Davis F. Allen, director of ih'City Bank of
Buffalo, and ass sted in gutting it. The bank is
blown sky high, and he with it
Henry P. Voorhees, a retire I merchant, and
was for John duincy Adams.
PENNSYLVANIA
Moses J. Clark, one ot Thadeus Stephens's ca-
nal commissioners under the admims ration of Rit-
uer, and was for John dnincy Adanv.
Joseph Lawrence, a defeated candidate for
Congress. My friend Leet laid him out as cold as
a wagon tire
Jonathan Roberts, once a Senator in Congre*i,
a bitter, br< ken down politician, and was for John
duincy Adams.
E.  C. Reigart, lawyer, Abolitionist, and was for
John dumcy Adams.
John Swift, lawyer, and Mayor oí Philadel-
phia.
Alexander duiNTON, tavern keeper, a regular
built Federalist, and has always been opposed to
Republican men and measures.
Uollin M. Creed, merchant, and was for John
duincy Adams.
James Calhoun, merchant, and was for John
duincy Adams.
George Chambers, lawyer, Abolitionist, and was
for John duincy Adams
John Adams Fmier, lawyer, and was for John
dumcy Adams.
Wm R Morris, lawyer, Abolitioust, and was
for John dmncy Adams.
John Dickey, merchant, and, like his friend
Penrose, voted in the Pennsylvania Legislature for
the recharter nf the Bank of the United States, in
