378
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April. 1840.
¿6th Cong.......1st Se s.
New Jersey Election—Mr. Brawn of Ten.
H. of Reps.
trolling any thiag. Oa." proportions were voted
down or stricken out, ir sj altered and amended
as to make us final y repudiate them oursr Ives.
This was effected by the chairman generally voi-
and ac mg with the other parly on all questions in-
volving a report on the slate and comiition of the
poll-book-. At length, however, the insiruc ions
of the House were giren—the chairman yielded
obedience to them, and we stood released from
that thraldom to which we had been so lung sub-
jected.
[Here the morning hour having expired, the
House went into Committee of the Whole on the
Treasury Note bill.]
March 18.
Mr. Brown of Tenne.see resumed. I will now
proceed, in continuation ot the remark  began on
yesterday. I then complained, and ytt m.nk I
had a right to compla n, that the proceedings oi
the committee had be¿n so har-hly and unjustly
condemned by the honorable gentleman Irom
Maryland, h did seem to me, thdt when this con-
troversy had been narrowed down to Ihí mere
crimination of the rnajoriiy whilst in the committee
room, that the geatleman should have left it to be
settled by the members of the committee. 1 advert
to this topic again, in order to assure the gentleman
that I refer the injustice that he has done, whico I
know he has dune to the majority, more to the want
of personal information than to any disp "siiioa to
send forth to the world a groundless imputation of
our motives and conduct. But I may be mistaken
as to i he exent of the gentleman's information.
He may have learned from others, in whom he
confides, much more than he could find out from
bis necessarily slight and superficial inspection of
onr journal*. However this may be, ¡he gentle-
man, day after day, indulged in a freedom and
boldness of crimination, that demands a prjmpt
and decisive refutation. Scatie-ed, as they were,
thiough a very long speech, I Íeared, at one time,
that 1 should not be able to collect and arrange
them. But he was kind enough yesterday to reca-
pitulate, and to condense them into a small com-
pass.
His first charge was, that the committee had
failed to discharge its duties, as pointed out by the
standing rules of the House giving existence to
the committee.    That rule declares:
"That it shall be the duty of the Committee of Elections to
examine and report upon the certificates of election, or other
credentials, of members returned to serve in this House."
Now I desire to know whether the gentleman
from Maryland did mean to make ihet mpression
on this House, that the committee had noi per-
formed that portion of its duly; that we had not
examined the commissions, and decided on them.
If these were the gentleman's objections to our
proceedings, it was easy t;> ¡-how that he was mis-
taken.
[Mr. Jenifer here explained ]
If 1 understand the gentlennn's explanation?, I
have not misapprehende 1 his meaning.    I  refer
him to the resolution under wh'ch ihis case was re-
ferred to the committee.    That goes beyond the
s andmg rules,and requires us to ascertain and re-
port who wtre entitled to occupy  the fite vacant
sears from the Stale of New Jersey.   This opened
up the whole question: the commi<sions,  the re-
turns,    the   p-iJi   books;   in   fact,    every   thin;
on   which   the rtght   ot   membership  defended.
Now,   sir,   it    has   been    assorted   here,   and
the  public   press   has   spread   it   all   over   th s
country,  that   the commiitee pa;d  but little  or
no attention  to the Governor's commissions; that
they  were treated with no respect; regarded as
amounting to no sort of evidence in ihe ca^e wha>-
ever.    This  bold and reckless assertion has no
doubt gone where no refutation  of mine can ever
overtake it.    But, as far as I am abe, I will tend
the denial after it.    I will .vni the  journal, too,
so soon as it shall be printed, beneath whese wither-
ing rebuke such  assertions c-innot stand.    Every
member of mat c mmittee m sr  know, and d< e^
know, that the credentials < ccupted a larse portion
of our attention, and were the->ut j ct of anxious
and serious consideration.    I re er to  page 79 of
that journal:
" Whereupon Mr. Botts moved the following
resolution:
"Revived, That ihi  committee will now pr( ceed
to dtcide on the legality and validity of the com-
missions granted by the Governor of New Jer-
sey,"
It being the first question presented and the whole
testimony relating to that branch of the subject
having been read. The same fact of these com-
mifS'ons having been read and considere 1 is indelibly
engraved on other pages of this book, and leaves no
ground for cavil or dispute. I shall have freduent
< cca-ion to refer to this book, and I must be* par-
don of the gentleman from Virginia in advance, if
I should happen tode*ignate it as "Bote's journal."
I can hardly open it any wher^, without cnming
across his name standing in bol I relief, in almost
perpetual conspicuoniy. B-side this, the gentleman
was admittedly the chief architect of this large
superstructure; I mean ihe plainer and more sub
stantial (if any be substantial) parts of the w<rk.
The ornamental parts were execu'ed by the gen-
temen from New York and Alabami,  lib, the
exception of a little fretwork by the gentleman
from Connecticut.
On the authority of this recird, then, I aver that
the commission* of the Governor were read—that
they were considered—were argued at great length
by the parties, and a distinct vote taken on their
validity and sufficiency. Yet, sir, the country has
been told, often told, diractly the reverse. The
majority of this committee, at this very moment,
stand arraigned at the bar of public opinion, for
having given to the commissions no attention,
and for having treated with silent indifTerenc*, if
not contempt, the broad seal of one of the old and
gallant thirteen State  of ihe TJh'on. On what
evidence have they been arraigned? On none.
Bold assertion was substituted for evidence, and
reckless invect ve supplied the place even of pro-
bability or presumption. By what evidence is the
charge disproved? By fbi* record, and by the
personal knowledge of every member of the com-
mittee.
Thegentleman from Virginia, from the beginning,
had entertained the opinion that nothing but the
commissions could entitle the gentlemen to their
seats. He had avowed and enforced that opinion
in an elaborate argument on this floor, before the
commiitee had ever sit upon the case. Was it
likely, therefore, that he would permit the questions
growing out of those commKsions to lie nezlecjed
and unnoticed belore the committee? So far from
it, sir, the supremacy of the commission's seemed to
fill ail his thought?; it was ihe beginning and the
end of his whole judgment in the case.
Mr. Speaker, I come now to the second charge
preferred by the gentleman from "Maryland against
the majority of the committee. He says that the
committee pas-ed a resolut'on that it would not
proceed to determine the question of ultimate right
between these parties until the second Monday in
April, and that this report is in violation of that re-
solution Well, sir, the resolution says that the
commi tee would not decide on ihe question of ul-
timate orfinalright, until the time designated Have
we d-cided on such right? Have we reported en
it? Not at all. We have only decided and re-
portf d on the right ef present occupancy of ihe con-
tested reals, whilst the inquiry as to the ultimate
right was going on. The ultimate light depended
on the purga'rn of the polls. In New Jersey the
vole is given by general ticket; the whole State
would have to be ransacked in search of illegal
vot-s, which would necessarily require much time.
The question, therefore, arose who should be the
silting members durinsr the period allowed for col-
lecting this testimon)?The report made only covers
that point of present cccupancr, and has no refe-
jence to the ultimate rizhts of the parii'S at all.
Whe e, then, is the violation of this re«olve of the
coram ttee? The gentleman should have spared his
refiVciions < n the commitee on another ground
He should have rem^nibced that even this report
on the preser.t oc" p ncy of the seats wa-- not made
until werercvid the express and peremptory or-
der  oi this House. When trese were given, all
that was 1-ft to us was the simple duty of obedi-
ence. Will the gtntleman censure u* for that?
Would he have had us to set up our awn resolves of
a prior date, in open defiance of the resolves and
commands of this House? Surely the gentleman
couLl not have mjtured th s objection in his own
urrnd before he preferred it against the committee.
But he evidently preferred this only as inducement
to his third and most objectionable and gioundless
charge of all. He says that the committee having
adup ed that resolution and sent off the claimants
in search of iheir testtmo iy, it was a violation of
i s laith and solemn p'edges to have made this re-
poit without giving them notice. True, he at-
tempt to draw a distinction in lavorof the commit-
tee, by regarding it only as accessory, whilst he looks
upoa the House as the principal in the perpetration
of this foul deed of violated iaitti. Sir, I reject
the distinction. If the charge were true, I should
consider the magnitude oí the offence as consti-
tuting all principal* concerned in its commission.
Bat, sir, is that charge true? The gentleman pre-
lerred it in a tone and manner so ex<ited, that he
found it necessary to explain or apologize to the
House for it. He illustrated his opinion of the
conduct of ihe committee and the Hou>e, by re-
ferring to his frequent agreements to pair off with
members of this H >use, until a specified time, and
declared that he should have considered himself
dishonored by a violation of any such pledge or
agieement. All this, sir, was reiterated through a
speech of several days' length—reporters and let-
ter writers have sent the charges to the pub.ic press,
and that has distributed them to every portion of
this continent. Denunciation and assertion may
achieve a temporary triumph over truth and evi-
dence. But it will be only a temporary one. This
record shall go forth to the world. It shall foltow
up tnese high chaiges of the gentleman from
Maryland, and show to the American people how
destitute ot foundation they are. 1 refer to page
127, where it appears that the committee reserved
the right to make a preliminary teport, whenever
they might think proper to do so. To page 139,
where a proposition to that effect was made by
Mr. Medill. To page 147, where ano her was
made by Mr. Fisher. To page 136, which shows
that the parties on both sides weie ihen present, and
heard the discussions, and witnessed the action of
ihe committee on the proposition. How, then, can
it be said or pretended ihat they left the city with-
out notice that a preliminary report was con-
templated? They knew that the right to make such
a report had been always reserved. They knew
that every attempt to take away that right had
been defeated. They knew that the making of
such a report would not interfere with their pre-
parations on the question of ultimate right. Ttfef
knew that they would have to go home io take the
balance of their tes imony, whether such a report
was made or not. They knew all this. 1 say
they knew more. They knew that a resolution
instructing the committee to make such a report,
had been introduced by Mr. Turnby of Tennessee,
and was then actually pending before the House.
These facts are all recorded, and yet it is pretended
that they retired to New Jersey in conscious secu-
rity, confiding in the honor and integrity of the
committee, and of this House! They were de-
ceived and taken by surprise! surprise about what?
surprised by a report, declaring that their oppo-
nents had received a higher number of votes than
themvelves in the New Jersey election? That
was impossible, for they had never denied the fact;
they had substantially admitted it. The records of
New Jersey demonstrated it beyond all possibility
of denial.
Sir, I have no patience for a further exposure'
of this groundless charge of broken pledges and
violated faith. I pass to another charge, equal-
ly unmerited and equally unfounded. We are
charged with making our report with unjust pre-
cipitation, without ever having examined ihe tes-
timony refer, ed to us by the House. That, in so
doing, the committee had practised a fraud on
this House, and the nation, who had a right to
expect that we had examined all the wstimony
in the case: otheis have made the sanie impu-
tation on the proceedings of the eomm tiee, and
I will, therefore, appeal again "to the law and
the testimony," to the gentleman's (from Vir-
einia) own book; to that favorite record, which
he  watched snd guarded with more care than all
