April  1840.____________
26th Cong.......1st Sfss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
379
New Je sey Election—Mr, B own of Tenn.
H. oi Reps.
the other member  of the co nmittee beside. The
testimony was gone over twice The first time
to lead the evidence, to hear the parties on it,
and to note down the objections made by th^m
This maybe all keen on the journil, from page
70 to page 89 The second time it was gone
over, was for the purpose of deciding on the
various points made by the parties, touching ths
admissibility ond competency of the evidence in
the case. Our proceedings tor this purpose may
be seen from page 96 to 12B. Th? testimony
was examined under the following resolution:
"Resolved, That we will now take up the tes-
timony which has been referred to ih s commit-
tee in the New Jersey ca<e." It was taken up with-
out any lim Ution or qualified purpose whoso-
ever.    On page 70, we find this   entry: "And
thereupon the committee proceeded to the hearing
of  the testimony" and "the certificates of the
Gomnor of New Jersey were read"    Ag«n on
page 75, "And   the following   documents being
the same that were referred, &c   were severally
taken up and read "   On page 79, may be found
the following entry
"Mr. Botts moved the following resolution:
"Resolved, That this committee will now pro-
ceed to decide on the legality and validity of the
commissions granted, &c. it beirg the first ques-
tion presented, and the whole testimony relating
to that branch of the subject having been read "
On page 81: "The paper No. 13 was then taken up,
and page 83: "And thereupon paper No 13 was
reed." This same paper, No. 13, relating to the polls
at South Amboy was again taken up and rejected,
Mr. Borre only, of all the committee, voting for it.
It is farther shown by the journals "that there
being no further testimony befo'e the committee,
Mr.BoTTS moved thefolIowiDgre<olution,&c." Trie
different portions of tes imony were designated by'
numbers, and the record shows in relation to
every one of them, "that they were read." In
going over the testimony the second time, we heard
the parties on the various objections made and noted
down the first time, and decided whether each
number was admissible or competent testimony.
Tnose depositions which were rejected were laid
aside, the parties avowing that they desired and
intended Uptake them over again.
It is on this ground that gentlemen on the other
side have fallen into a great error.   They have
contended that the committee had never heard or
considered the testimony, except as it relates to
the quest on'of comnetency.  I have already read to
the House the resolution under which it was taken
up and considered.    It contained no limitation of
purpose whatsoever.   On the contrary, an attempt
was made and strenuously   msts'ed on, that it
should be taken up and considered for that pur-
pose   onty;    but   the   limitation   was   stricken
out  and   the   inquiry   gone   into    unrestricted.
But it seems that its sufficiency was never passed up-
on by the committee in puolic vote, so as to consti-
tute a hearing or cons deration of the testimony in
reference to the making up of a report    Was
such a thing ever heard of in a committee room
as an abstract question oí sufficiency?   Sufficiency
for what?   You could never determine that,  un-
til a distinct action on the case was pn. posed, and
then each member would decide for himself, whether
the testimony was sufficient to sustain such a propo-
sition.   Look to analogies frcm the proceedings of
our courts of justice.   Oar Judges and Chancellor 
decide and pass on all questions of the competency
or admisibility of evidence, iaised by counsel m
the progress of a cause, but you can never learn*
their opinions on its iwflictency until they pronounce
their judgment or decree in the case     That judg-
ment or deciee will of course be according to iheir
opinions of the sufficiency of the testimony to sus-
tain it; but no separate or distinct judgment is
passed upon it.   It is a silent process of the mind,
unannounced, and enly to be inferred from the na-
ture of the decision made.   The verdict of a jury
on the issue of guilty or not guilty, evinces the
opinion of ihe jury of ihe sufficiency or insufficiency
ol the evidence; but it u only in the act of render-
ing that verdict, that a jury could be called on or
considered as expressing such opinions.   So, sir,
pf the proceedings of this committee.   This testi-
mony havinii  been taken up wi huut restriction—
having been I eird a* c >inp V-nt in the cas , would
be teasared   up  in  each   member's  mind   until
some repoit or other action on it was caled for,
and then ea"h would decde (by a silent process of
his own mind)   for himself, whether the evidence
was sufficient to susta n and jus ífy such report < r
other action.   Thus it is, sir, in the f < e of this
analogy from the practice of the courts and against
the very reason and natuie of the case, aentl*men
on the other side haveofien <-x< la med, Where is
the evidence that the sufficiency of thus testimony
was ever examine! anl decided by the committee?
My answer is «till given  flora this record:    The
vi tp on the following resolution was a dec sion on
the sufficiency of the tes imony.
"Mr Brown introduced the following:
* Resolved, That the report just read be adop ed "
The vote on this leaolmum was a test of every
membei's opinion of ihe sufficiency of ihe evi.
dence: and the flr t test that could have been ap-
plied, without a gro^s violation of all parliamenta-
ry and judicial practice.
[The morning hour having expired, the House
went into Committee of the Whole on the Treasu-
ry Note bill ]
March 19.
Mr. Brown of Tenne see resumed as follows:
At the cío e of my remarks on yesterday, I
thought that I had sufficiently refuted the charge
preferred against us, ot not having examined the
evidence referrtd to us by this H«u*e. The gentle-
man from Maryland now informs rae, that his
chief complaint was, and yet is, that we did not
open and examine the depositions now generally
known "as the mysterious packase " I thank the
gentleman for any suggestion ca'culated to abbre-
viate our defence and explanations of th s report.
I think I can satisfy any candid and impartial
mind, that said package was never before the com-
mittee; that it was never there as evidence; never
there in any form or manner, so as to enable us to
set on its contents. I remember well when it
made its first appeirance in the committee room:
it was on the day when the committee assembled
for the purpose of receiving the report which the
chairman had been directed to prepare, in obedi-
ence to the orders of the House. We had as5em-
bltd for that special and only purpose. True, we
might have met there at any rate We had met
there S8 often, that it is very likely that the mere
force oi habit might have taken us there again.
However this may be, when we were assembled,
it was not for the purpose of reopening the case, or
of taking any new o der in it, but simply to ascer-
tain whether the chair nan had prepared the report,
agreeably to the directions of the committee, given
on the Saturday previous. When so assembled,
and for such purpose only, this mysterious package
made its appearance. It was brought there by the
gentleman from Connecticut It was laid by him
on the table at which the chairman was silting.
After permitting it to lie there for some time, the
gentleman said something that called the a tention
of the chairman to it. It was found to b<> a sealed
package, directed to the Speaker of the House, but
to the cure of ihe chairman of the committee, and
endorsed, "Depositions in the New Jersey case."
Mr. Smith moved, informally, (not being in writ-
ing,) that the chairman should open ti e package.
He replied that tlie packaze was not directed to
him, but to the Speaker, and he did not feel at li-
berty to break open its sea's, but it being directed
to his care, he would deliver il to the Speaker as
soon as his convenience woulJ admit of it. The
mouon, or proposition, not being in writing, no
vote of ihe commi'tee was taken on it. Tne chair-
man then read his report, and I moved that it
should be adopted; and pending that motion, the
gentleman from Connecticut moved that the
package should be sent to the Speaker, to be by
him opened, and an order of reference be obtained
from the House. During all this lime, our pro-
ceeding  were to stand suspended. it m ght be
several days before ihi order could be obtained
from the House, and if debate happened to spring
up upon it, which was very probable, it might
even be weeks before it was obtained; and the in-
structions of the House to us, to make a report
forthwith,, be entneiy disiegarded. Tiie committee
lefused to «.ubmit to any tunher delay>; they con-
firmed the retoit, and ordered it to be submiued 10
the House It is for tn   they have baen so olten
and so severely centured by gentlemen in the
course of ihis debate. It is now said that if the
comim'iee had examined this package, it would
have ctabli-hed a number of illegal votes surfi* lent
to have p evented at least one ol these gentlemen
from being adm tted to his seat Sir, «ho ever
pn tended that ihis package related to illegal votes,
until we heard it la debate Did the gen'leman
from Connect cut, who presented it, say that it re-
lated to illegal vote.? Did he ever once hint Mich
an idea befo e the c >mmittee? JNot at all. There,
we were told on the lace of hio own resolution, that
it related to the manner ol ho ding t~e poll at
South Am oj, here, we are informed that it re-
lated to ihe reception ot illegal \otes. Way this
suarge nacteparicy between the in ormationgiven
then, and the comp'a nts made now? Sir, I think
I can tell you why.
On the qufstion as to the marner of holding the
South Amboy polls, gpnilem-n do not desire to
make too prominent an issue. These objections
stand on too narrow and technical a foundation.
They iherefore fly oft in pursuit of a new idea—
a mere afier-thoughj—which ei her never occurred
to themselves, or was suppressed by them at the
time this decision was made. Lei it be remember-
ed, Mr. Speaker, that this sealed package was no
part of the old testimony. It had been recently
taken, whilst both parties weie engaged in taking
testimony in New Jersey. They had been allowed
until the second Monday in April tor that purpose.
When that time should expire, they were expected
to return to thii city, bringing with them the depo-
sition.5 which they had taken. Now, sr, why was
it that this particular deposition had strayed ofl
from the others, and been humed to this city by
itself? Why had it not been sent to the Speaker
of the House, to whom it was dirtcted, and as it is
expressly required to be by the laws of New Jer-
sey I have those laws now before me, and they
expressly require that they should have been sent
to the Speaker. It was not sent by the public mail
When and b\ whom it had btea scaled did not
appear, and there were no endorsements to guard
its alteration. What is rtquired generally in our
court* of law pud equity in similar cases? The
commissioner mu<t certify that the deposition was
sealed up without having been out of his posses-
sion, and without alteration. If sent by priva e
conveyance, the person conveying it mu*t certify
on oaih that he received it from the commissioner,
and that the same has been unaltered whilst in
his po*se<s on. The committee did not require all
thf^e ihiDgs to be complied with. Indeed, they
considered that they had nothing to do with all
these piecaution*, because the House, it was t'> be
supposed, would guard all the^e points before they
opened and referred all such papers to the com-
m.ttee. But, sir, many of the committee did look
with suspicion on this package. It had not come
throush accustomed channe s, and it might be to
avoid the necessary scrutiny, that it had sought to
come into the committee, through channels un-
known to the laws of New Jersey, and unsanction-
ed by pailiamentary piacuce.
I am free, however, to state, that I never permit-
ted tnese suspicions to fasten on the gentleman
from Connecticut persona ly, for having brought
them from his lodging to ihe co nmittee room lor
delivery to the chairman, to whose care they were
directed. But, sir, they did fasten on the package
itself—on us abrupt and precipitate tran-mi-s en to
this city, in advance of all the oiher depositions,
eithei then or in the course of being taken in the
State of New Jersey. These suspicious circum-
stances, as I regard them, no doubt influenced my
mtndto ome degree, m refusing to suspend our
obedi°nce to the orders of the House, and to await
the opening and re'erence rf the package- But I
put that retusal on bull higher ground I maintain
tnat lhatpickage wa« never be oieu>in such con-
dition as to allow (fficial action. 1« was never be-
fore us as a committee. Nothing conld be properly
so, but what had been sent through the House and
by   the House.   We had, therefore, no right in
