APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£f>TH   CoN -«"lST. SKSS.
liepe il of the Salt Tax—Mr. Ben'on.
April,  1840.
Senate.
with   awe,   and   yet   with    admiration—one of
nature's noblest,   greatest works,   a   man whose
name 1^ commensurate with ihe ends of the earth,
and whose fame is as boundless as eternity itself.
Entertaining no sentiment in common with   him,
I view him as only as an American statesman, and
as an American 1 am proud that America has given
birth to such a son, and no parly will or discipline
shall deter me from saying so. I turn, Mr. Chairman,
from the contemplation of these characters, to pay
the humble tribute of my admiration to one nearer
my heart—one who?e feelings and sentiments are
in unison with my own—one who comes from my
native land, from my own loved and sunny South.
And how—how, sir, shall I speak of him—he who
is justly esteemed the wonder of the world, the as-
tomsher of mankind? Like the great Niagara, he
goes dashing and sweeping on, bidding all created
things give way, and bearing down, in his resist-
less course, all who have the temerity to oppose his
onward career.    He, sir, is indeed the cataract—
the political Niagara of America; and like that no-
blest work of nature and of nature's God, he will
stand though all after time no less the wonder than
the admiration of the world.    His was the bright
star of genius that in early life shot madly forth,
and left the lesser satellites that may have dazzled
in its blaze, to that impenetrable darkness to wh ch
nature's stern decree had distmed them; his the
mighty magazine of mind, from which his country
clothed herself in the armor aof defence; his ihe
broad expansive wing of fgenius, under which his
country sought political protection, his the giant
mind, the elevated, spotless  mien, which nations
might envy, but worlds conld not emulate.   Such,
sir, is John C. Calhoun; such the object of gentle-
men's denunciations; such the man whose motives
are impugned and whose actions are derided. Ruch
an one needs no eulogium from me,  no  defence
from human lips.   He stands beneath a consecra-
ted arch, defended by a lightning shut up in the
hearts of his countrymen—by a lightning that will
not slumber, but will leap forth to avenge even a
word, a thought, a look, that threa'ens him  with
insult.   The story of his virtuous fame is written
in the highest vault of your political canopy, far
above the Teach of grovelling speculation, where it
can alone be sought upon an eagle's pinions, and
gazed at by an eagle's eye.   His defence may be
found in the hearts of his countrymen—his eulo-
gium will be heard in the deep-toned murmurs of
posterity, which, like the solemn artillery of heaven,
shall go rolling along the shores of t.me, until it is
ingulfed in  the  mighty vortex  of etem ty.   Lit
tie minds may affect to despise him; pigmy peliti-
cians may raise ihe war cry of proscription against
him: be it so; insects buz around the i ion's mane,
but do not arouse him from his lair.   The confi-
dence of Americans will never be shaken in the
wisdom of this man's acts, nor, s r, in the patriot-
ism of his counsels.   Imprecations will add but
other links to  the mighty chain that bind-> him to
hn countrymen; and each blast of your war trum-
pet will but awaken millions to his support.   His
firm adherence to principle, in defiance of every
danger, and his noble sacrifice of personal preju-
dice upon the altar of his country's good, whe'ne'er
his country's good has demanded the sacrifice, has
placed upon his brow a wreath of ímperishab'e
glory which there shall flourish in immortal bloom.
Who, sir, is John C. Calhoun, and where is he?
the noblest son of the sunny South—her genial rays
have awakened a feeling of patriotic devotion upon
the altar of his heart which the ice-bound bosom of
jour Eastern serf has never felt.   Ho stands, sir,
like the sun-gilt summit of some lofty mountain,
arouad whose base the angry clamors of petty po-
liticians waste themselves in vain—
"Like some tall cliff, whose awful form *
Swells from the vale, and midway leaves the storm
Whilst round his base the rolling clouds are spread,
Eternal sunshine settles on his head "
Why, sir, it was but the other day that I heard him
sneeringly (rather sneenngly, I thought, for one
who had been his friend) denounced as a Loco Foco.
What, sir, John C. Calhoun a Loco Foco! If so, I
desire for myself no more honorable appellation.
If, in the eloquent language of Carolina's most
•loquent son, [Mr. Pickens,J that man, the gran-
deur ot whose soul and the splendor of whose ge-
nius breathed not only inspiration into the holy
cause of iree'om, but throw  a halo of glory
around those burning pages which he devoted to
American liberty, be indeed a Loco Foco, then, sir,
let me ever rejoice in the thrice hallowed name of
Loco Foco. Fling out that banner to the breeze—
inscribe upon it the deep-detes'ed name—and,
my life upon the issue, thousands upon tens
of thousands, nay, s r, millions upon mil-
lions, from every clime, of every creed and
color in the uriiver--e, will hurry to its standard, and
if it fall, they will fall vnth it. Nor, sir, will they
deem it else thin immortal henor to be shrouded
in its folds. If the principles of John C. Calhoun
are the principles of the Loco Focos, then, sir, are
the Loco Focos the friends of the Constitution and
equal rights, the opponents of tyranny in all its
forms—the friends of law, and its just administra-
tion—and the uncomprom sing opponents of every
species of oligarchy, whether sole or aggregate.
Then, sir, do they take the ílluslnous Jefferson for
their politic il Mahomed, and the doctrines of'98 for
their political Alkoran. With these professions and
these practices, I, sir, am ready to enter with them
the Sanhedrim of their political faith, and commune
with them as brethren of the same church For,
sir, in these principles, which you tell me are the
principles of the Loco Focos, I recognise the
principles of Virgin.a, the princ pies of liberty—the
principles of right—principles which, forty-five
years ago, sprung from the mas'er mind of Jeffer-
son, like Minerva from the brain of Jove, all raii-
ant in the armor of liberty and truth. They
wanted but a name to stamp them with the genius
of their author, and dedica'e them to the eternal
cause of human blcrty. They have that name.
They have it, sir, in jour deeply damned name of
Loc > Foco. Let them wear it through all after
lime, fit emblem or then worth—fit memento of
their il'ustnous origin. Do you, sir, love your
country; go practise upon these principles. Wou'd
you perpetuate her instituiions; go practiss upon
these principles. Would you have the star of her
glory be onward in its course to the upper sky; go
practice upon these principles. Would you have
the winds of Heaven saluting her flag, and the ex-
tremities of earth acknowledging her name; go
practise upon these principles; and you may per-
petuate the honor and power, and glory «f this
country, until the last trump of time shall be
sounded upon the confines cf vast eternity, until
the four angels, that siand on the four corners of
ih s continent, shall, with one accord, lift up their
voices to Heaven, proclaiming "peace on earth,
and good will to all men."
Note.—Mr. Brown having concluded, Mr
Jenifer of Maryland rose to make certain inqui-
ries of ihe gentleman fn m Mississippi, [Mr. B ]
He asked if he "was rght in supposing ihat the
gentleman who had just resumed his seat was
"General Albert Gallat.n Brown?" Mr. B.
nodding assent, Mr. J. read an extract frcm a
newspaper, to the purport that Mr. B. in his elec-
tioneering canvass, had declared that he would
abandon the Sub-Treasury if Mr. V?n Buren
abandoned it; and asked w hether the facts, as set
forth in the paper, were correct; and he would fur-
ther inquire whether the gpntleman [VTr. B.] had
not been the advocate of the post note sys'em in
Mississippi—a system wh.ch had brought bank-
ruptcy and ruin on that State.
Mr. Brown responded. He had used language
similar to that read by the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Jenifer,] but with no intention of con-
veying the idfa vt hich seemed to have been pro-
duced on the gent'eman's mind, that he (Mr. B.)
was either a lukewarm supporter of the Sub-Trea-
sary before the people, or that he was subservient
to the «ill of ihe Executive. Hi' remarks had
been garbled. What he had intended to say at the
time alluded to, and what he believed he was un-
ders ood assaying by all who heard him with im-
partial ears, was, that if ihe Sub-Treasury was
abandoned by the prominent membersJof his party,
it would lose its chance of success; and having lost
this, he would not disturb the public mind by agi-
tating a question no longer open for discussion.
Mr. B's own opinion would remain the same, how-
ever, whatever might be the views of the President
or other gentlemen.
As to ihe gentleman's secon I inquiry, Mr. B.
said, when the subject was lirst brought to the no-
tice ot the Mississippi Legislature by a Whig Ex-
ecutive, he had yielded to it a reluctant support,
believing that ihe system would end in disas er.
It was strongly urged, however, by tho^e who pre-
tended to more financial skill lhan himself, and was
finally adopted, and proved, as he had supposed it
would, a most signal failure; and for the last seve-
ral years, Mr. B. had been among those who took
the lead in opposition to the whole pest note sys-
tem; and it was due to himself to say, that had the
system been abandoned when it was proved to have
failed, and when he and his friends gave it up,
none of the disasters would have befallen the State
to which the gentleman lus allude!, and which he
is right in suppos ng had the.r origin in the system
as practised in Mississipri.
Mr. Jenifer asked if Mr. Brown had not, as
late as April, 1839, given a vote in favor of post
notes.
Mr. Brown positively denied having given any
such vote.
SPEECH OP MR. BENTON,
OF MISSOURI
In Senate, Wednesday, Jlpril 22, 1840.
Mr.  BENTON offered   the   following   as   an
amendment to the bill foi the reduction of the rum
and sugar drawbacks, and the fishing bounties and
allowances-
"Thal>from and after the Mist day of December next, so
much of any art as lays a duty on imported salt be, and the
«amehereby is, repealed, and from and after the day last men
tioned, salt shall he imported into the United States free ol duty
Provided, That for the recover) and receipt of such duties as
shall have accrued, and on the days, respectn ely, remain out
siandius, and for the recovery an•! di*'ubulion of fines, penal
ties, and forfeituies, and the remission thereof, which shall have
been incurred before, and on the said t'ays, respeituelv, the
provibions of the aforesaid acts shall lemain in lull force and
v utile
" That from and after the first day of January next, so much
of any act as allows a bounty on exported salt provisions and
pickled fish, in lieu of drawback of the duties on the salt em
ployed in cm ing the same, and so much of any act as makes
allowance to ihe owners and crews of fishing vessels, in lieu  f
drawback of the duties paid on the salt used by the same/shall be,
and Ihe same hereby is, repealed Pi ovided, That the provi
sions of the^iforesaid acts shall remain in full force and virtue
for the payment of the bounties of allowances incurred or paya
ble on the I* day of January ne/tt.''
The question having been stated on the adoption
of ihis amendment, Mr./B. said it was a transcript
of the act for the repeal of the salt tax and the
abolition df the fishing bounties and allowances,
which passed in the last year of Mr. Jefferson's
administration, and passed upon his recommenda-
tion; not that he recommended ihe abolition of the
fishing bounties andjallowances. His recommen-
dation applied to safi only; and the bounties and
allowances bsing irf lieu of drawback of the salt
duties, they fell of ¿bourse when the duty ceased on
the artie'e on whicfi they were founded. No argu-
ment was then needed to prove this. No motion
was made to separate two things so indissolubly
connected; and both the tax and its appurtenance
fell together, and fell by the general vote of Con-
gress, and without distinction of political parties,
of geographical sections, or of interesled classes.
The vote in Congress might be called unanimous,
there being in the House cf Representatives but
five voices against the reppal, and one hundred and
twenty two for it. The vote of New England was
unanimous, with the exceptirn of two vo'es. The
representatives from the fishing districts then ap-
peared in their natural character of enemies to a
tax on an article of which they were great consu-
mers: they saw no advantage in a salt tax, and
had no idea of asking for the bounties and allow-
ancss without the tax.*   The laws had not then,
i       'The following is the New England vote
New Hampshire Messrs Sila=, Betten, Caleb Ellis, David
Hough, Samuel Tenney, anil T W Thompson
M \s<¡Acm setts  Messrs Joseph Barker, Barnabas Bidwell,
John Chandler, Orchard Poole, Jacob Crowmnshield, Richard
I   Cutts, William Ely, Seth Hastings, Jeremiah Nelson, Ebene-
I   7cr Seaver,  William   Stedman,   Samuel Taggart, Joseph B.
Varnum.   (Messrs [ Josiah Quincy and Isaiah L. Green in the
negative )
Vermont- Messrs Martin, Chittenden. James Elliott, Jamea
Fisk, and Gideen Olm
Rhode Island: Nehemiah Knight, and Joseph Stanton.
Connecticut Samuel W Dana, John Davenport, jr. Jona-
than O Mosely, Timothy PttkiBjjr, Lewis JJ. Bturges, ana Ben-
jamin Tallmadg ,
