April, 184Ó;__________
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
APPENDIX *0 TIÍÉi CONGRfe&SÍOÑAt GLOfcÉ.
391
Repeal of the Salt Tax—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
committed the egregious blonder of reducing du-
ties without reducing the drawbacks and bounties
founded upon them. That blander has been re-
served ft r this enlightened age; and one of the
fruits of it is, to see the greatest consumers of salt,
and formerly the greatest enemies to the salt tax,
converted into the friends of the tax!
Mr. B. then proceeded to speak in favor of his
proposed amendment, and against a salt tax, under
any circumstances, and at any time; declaring it to
be a tax fundamentally wrong in itself, at war
with the fir<t principles of political economy, and
peculiarly obnoxious m the United States, and
especially in all the Slates in the valley of the
Mississippi, where it had besóme the parent of an
odious monopoly. In this great valley the tax on
fore gn salt, by tending to d.minish its importation,
and by throwing what was imported at its only
séapcrt, NítO leans, into the hands of regraters,
this tax was the parent and hand maid of a mo-
nopoly of salt, which, for the extent of territory
over which it operated, the number of people
whom it oppressed, ard the variety and enormity
of its oppressions, had no parallel on earth, except
among the Hindoos, in Eastern Asia, under the
iron despotism of the British East India Company.
He (Mr. B ) had taken care, during the last recess
of Congre s, to obtain authentic evidence of the
existence of this monopoly in the West, smd of the
abuses which it icflxted upon that section of the
Union. The mass of evidence which he had col-
lected bad been communicated to the Senate,
printed by its order, and laid upen the tables of
members; and constituted a document replete with
faets which would be incredible, except for the num-
ber and respectability of the witnesses who testify
to thero. The number who have given informa-
tion, and sealed it with their names, amount
to three hundred, bat they nrght amount to three
hundred thousand—in fact to the whole popu-
lation—the whole five or six millions of the West-
ern people; for there was scarcely one soul, man,
woman, or child, in the West, who did not know of
this monopoly, and who was not in some degree
its victim. There was not a Senator on this floor
who had not heard of it a thousand times, and
who will not recognise, in the document which has
been printed, details of impositions of which he
has tdo often heard the recital at home. Happy
that he had, at last, an opportunity of raising his
voice in this chamber, hacked by a mass of unim-
peachable testimony, againtt a tax which he abhor-
red, Mr. B. would claim the indulgence of the Se-
nate, while he presented to it patt of this testimony;
establishing, first, the fact of the monopoly; and
then the abuses, impositions, and enormities re-
sulting from it. For this purpose he would read,
at present, bat three pieces of testimony, holding
in reserve as much more to the same effect as any
Senator would wish to hear. The first was a
statement by the honorable Mr. Miller of the
House of Representatives, a member from the
State of Missouri. Under date of the 20lh of
December, 1839, he says:
•'When in Western Virginia last summet and fall, T was m-
i of the highest standing, some of whom
were engaged in the making of salt at the Kanawha works,
that the company paid annually to the owners of works at that
place (some thirty or moie in number) from seventy five to
eighty thousand dollars, to let their works lie idle; that the
amount paid to each individual owning these suspended or dead
works, as they are called, was about «2,500 per annum; and
that an average sum of about 8800 was paid to certain persons
annually, who owned lands in the vicinity of the Kanawha
works, (that ts, to each person owning such grounds, on which
it was believed gait water could be hid, and owned a body of
"tone coal adjacent,) not to dig or bore for it. I also understood
f? t salt-works then in operation yielded about two millions
of bushels of salt per annum; and, on making inquiry what it
was thought the whole of the works on the Kanawha would
most probably produce, were they all put into operation, I was
informed they would yield about four millions of bushels an-
Dually "
The second piece of testimony to which I refer,
is the statement of a citizen of Missouri, formerly
connected with the Kenhawa salt works; the state-
ment made and delivered to one of the judges of
the State.   It is this:
"About the year 1816 a company was formed at the Kanaw-
ha salt works, the ebject of which was to monopolise the salt
trade in the Western country. They had the aid of a bank in
t-incinnati, upon which they drew at 60, 120, and 180 days, the
h  h       ¡t artanB8meDt, was bound to accept all their arañs,
"Thecompany having the aid of the bank and the command
of the salt-works, they districted the whole Western country.
Tften there was a company formed for each district, to whom
salt was furnished, which company, by agreement, was bound
to sell their salt m the bounds of their own district, and not to
interfere with other districts; by this, it was intended so to dis-
tribute the salt that the supply should barely meet the demand.
This arrangement so ran up the price of salt at this timo, that
the holders of the works believed that they could so arrange it
as to find a ready sale for all the salt that could be made, and
increased their furnaces to 160 or 170 The company soon
found that the supply so greatly overreached the demand, that
the salt could not be sold immediately; the consequence of
which was, lhat the company and the bank both broke at the
end of about three yeats On the wreck of this company ano-
ther one was formed, (Armstrone, Grant, and Co ) This com-
pany, in order to reduce the supply, paid what was called a
dead rent, that is, paid a rent to the owners of the furnaces,
and had them bound that no salt should be made at them. In
this way the number of operating furnaces was reduced from
160 or Í70 ro 40; and the 40 furnaces were hm ted to make
only so much per annum, which was about equal to eight
months' work fm each furnace This company again dis-
tricted the country, sold out to companies for each distuct,
and, in this way, they raised the price of salt 133| per cent;
that is, from 75 cents to $1 75 per bushel in their different dis-
tricts where it was to be sold, the company fixing the price in
each district This company was aided by several banks in
all their operations "
The third piece of testimony which I produce
was furnished anonymously in 1830, by a citizen
of Kanawha, ih.3 names being omitted, as it was
not the object to attack individuals, but to expose
a system.   It is in these words:
"Dead wells are now common at the Kanawha salines, and
are giving to the place a dilapidated and melancholy appear-
ance, and doing a real injury to the country There are many
of these dead wells, and monopolisers pay the owner for letting
them remain idle. * * * and *
receive alxmfc 91,500per annum for two dead wells. • • •
receives about 83,000 per annum for one. " * * about
$1,500 per annum for another. Many others receive le«s or
greater sums upon the same terms Besides dead wells, there
are also unopened wells, whose owners are paid for not letting
them be dug I know several of this kind * * * re-
ceives al,250per annum not to dig a well onhis land; * * *
receives 91,600 annually on the same terms. " * * re-
ceives $2,500 per annum in the same way; and I have no doubt
many others, ar d it is all a thing of notoriety in the neighbor-
hood Before the monopoly, the price of salt was about a shil-
ling a bushel, as it is called, and as often under as above that
price, and it could be got for any kind of trade; since the mo-
nopoly, it is fifty cents cash, and none will be sold for retail to
the people of the States, except to those who will bind them-
selves to avoid competition with the monopolizers at their de-
pots The company that monopolize the works are the chief
shippers, and through their agents retail to the peeple in most
of the Western States, fixing their own price, their own weight,
and the quantity which each State is to have, except so far as
they are interfered with by alum salt from New Orleans."
They also pay the professional borers, who bare
for salt water, as high as J600 a year, not to bore
for any body.
Mr. B. said that these three pieces of testimony
established the exis'ence of this monopoly as far
back a* the year 1816; and it was notorious in Ihe
West that it had existed for a still lopger time, and,
like all other abases, became more heartless, more
cruel, and more oppressive, with age and time. He
believed that in the thirty years of its existence, it
had never been more oppressive than at present.
He would remark that he read only the testimony
which applied to the Kanawha works.   There was
othei  testimony,  which applied  to   the Holston
works in Virginia, and to the monopoly of import-
ed «alt at New Orleans.   A view of the salt facili-
ties of the Western country, would thow how easy
it was for companies of speculators, combined with
banks, to monopolize the tupply of this article in
the whole Valley of the Mississippi.   Three points
secured, would accomplish their purpose—Kanaw-
ha, Holston, and New Orleans.   The aid of banks
was necessary, to enable them to secure the two
first; the aid  of the Government of the United
States was necessary, to enable them to seeure the
third.    By the aid of banks, the monopolizers
either rent all the wells, and let half of them he
idle, or purchase all the salt from the manufactu-
rers, binding them to make no more than a given
quantity.   In either event, they become the sole
possessors of the domestic article, and then regu-
late its sale as they please.   The possession of the
Kenawha and Holston works, being the great foun-
tains of the domestic supply, enables these mono-
polizers to domineer over all the smaller establish-
ments, and to force or seduce them—bo difficult
task—into their cruel system.   This makes them i
masters of the domestic supply.    But   there is
another point to be secured—a point of danger to
be guarded against; and here they must have the >
aid of the Government of ihe United States, as well
as of the banks: this point is New Orleans—sob
seaport of the West—sole point of entrance of fo-
reign salt into the vast Valley of the Mississippi.
Here the Government comes to their aid with its
revenue regulations, and its duty upon foreign salt,
and gives them double and effectual aid. First, taa
duty impedes the importation of foreign fait. In the
second place, by requiring the duty to be paid, or
bond with American secimty given to pay it in
nine months, all the imported salt is thrown into
the hands of regraters, or monopolizers, who watch
the arrival of the vesse's, and relieve the importer
from all trouble about the duty and his securities
by giving him his price for the salt, and assuming,
advancing, or going his security for the duty. This
duty, though now reduced to about six cents en
two-thirds of a bushel, is still upwards of one hun-
dred per centum on the cost of the article; and is
high enough toth to s'int the importation, and to
embarrass the importer. If salt was free of duty it
would be imported in immense quantity as ballast;
but ballast cannot be imported at one hundred per
cent, and subject to custom-house regulations be-
sides: if free, it would enter ihe river without ob-
struction, pass up it without halt at the custom-
house, be sold to any boat in the liver, or to anr
person on the levee; would escape not only the
burthen of the tax, but all the delays, ihe detentions,
the expenses, and the restrictions incident to an
imported article subject to the custom-house regu-
lations. In this respect the amount of duty makes
but little difference. While one cent of duty re-
mains, it will answer the purpose of the monopo-
lizers perfectly well; and, therefore, they are just
as anxious to keep up a duty of six cents now as
they were to keep up one of twenty cents ten years
ago. Any thing, no matter how small, a cent, or
half a cent, will answer their purpose; for a small
duty is just as effective in stopping the salt at the
custom-house, and throwing it into the hands of
regraters, as a large one could be.
From this view of the salt facilities of the West,
it would be seen, Mr. B. said, how easy it was for
monopolizers to command the supply of the whole
country as long as the Government, by keeping a
duty on foreign salt, first stinted its importation,
and then threw what was imported into the hands
of regraters. This was the case at present. All
the great points of supply were secured. Banks
which could not loan a few hundred dollars to a
farmer or mechanic for a few months, and which
could not pay specie in redemption of its notes;
these banks could advance hundreds of thousands
of dollars to enable speculators to monopolize do-
mestic salt at the great works of the interior, and to
intercept foreign salt at New Orleans; and thus get
the whole into their own hands, and to oppress the
people of ten States and Terutories at their merci-
less and heartless pleasure.
Having established the fact of the salt mono-
poly in the West, and shown it to be coeval with
the revival of the salt tax during the late war, Mr.
B. proceeded to show the evils of that monopoly,
and to establish the existence of the numerous
abuses, impositions, and enormities which resulted
from it. At the head of these evils, he placed the
abuse, or, as he should rather call it, lh« crine, of
adulterating this article, which enters into the com-
position of every thing we consume, which is
mixed with almost every thing eaten by man or
beast, from the bread of the one to ihe hay of the
other. The adulteration of such an article is a
crime against man and beast—a crime against the
wisdom and goodness of God, which have dis-
pensed pure salt over the earth, as the preservative
principle of life and health. And bow let us see
how the evidence stands on this head, in relation to
Western salt. Let us appeal to the evidence: and
this we find m the document No 196, printed at
this session, by the order of the Senate. The first
piece of testimony which I use is taken from the
statement, already quoted, of a citizen of Missouri,
formerly connected with the Kanawha works, of
wh'ch he speaks. His statement applies to the
year 1816.
"While the monopolizers were speculating In the sale¡ °f "¡¡{ 
in the making of it, also, a great speculation Was made byanui-
teration. It was thought almost, or quite, «*"«''?'^ot"%£
be paid for the furnaces.*   The manner of adulteration wa 
•Memorandum.^Mk. Bwmw.-The¡author of *•£"£
ing statement told me, at his own house, in July «*,£■« " 
£¡s of the funiaceíwere about «^ &^ g*£¡™*
each per annum, Mth. time ^kneww    ¿  ^         thatfato
could be paid with °"« h"fn£Eow«¿ed for the purpose, of
