April, 1840.
s6th Cong-
appendix to THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S9S
• 1st Skss.
Repeal of the Salt Tax—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
9. In relation to the manner in which the «alt is treated when
coining to market, we ciinnot answer, only irom report; we,
however, believe that we hazard nothing when eaytng that K is
frequently, if not most usually, exposed not only to the open
air?but to the sun and rain; and, when the salt is received, by
far the largest proportion of the barrels bear strong evidence of
having been roughly handled and much abused."'
3. From Howard county:
"8. Thereat weight is always less than the weight marked
upon the barrels. The usual loss is from twenty-five to seventy-
five pounds.
9.  The salt sold in this country generally lies out exposed to
all kinds of weather, from the lime it is brought to the country
until it is sold to the consumer.
10.  Aa increased price is always demanded when weighed to
the purchaser. Twenty-five per cent, is about the usual ad-
vance asked between lick weight a d the real weight.
U. They ate variously maikedto contain from five to nine
bushels.
12. From two and a half to three and a half.
1 (. We suppose from two to three. With respect to the
smallest quantity a barrel has been known to contain, we have
no particularinformation,
14.  A measured bushel of Missouri made or Kanawha salt
weighs about fifty pounds, when made dry and pure. As com-
monly made, it weighs from eighty to one hundred pounds."
A. Fiom Jefferson 0001115:
"7. In selling by the barrel, it is customary to sell by the
lick weights; but if reweighed, a higher price is universally
demanded.
8 The real weight is always below the weight marked at the
liek?; generally about 15 per cent.
9.  They are frequently exposed on board of boats, and almost
always at the landings and place of sale.
10.  The increased price when re-weighed is from 124 to 25
cents per bushel.
11.  About six bushels, or 300 lbs. is the usual mark on the
barrels.
12.  The same barrel would contain about three and a half
measured bushels—not exceeding that
13.  It is almost an impossibility tn estimate the loss per bar-
rel for Kanawha salt, the wastase, leaking, and drying of dif-
ferent barrels of salt is so different; but we'may safely estimate
the lowest quantity at about two bushels."
5. From Platte county:
. "Answer to questinrs 7, 8, and 9. When sold by the barrel,
it is sold by the St. Louis weigh', and generally falls short of
the real weight about-10 per ce it I have known barrels
marked 4O0 pounds to weigh bui3U0; and have known barrels
not more than two-thirds full tube imposed on the consumer
(he knowing the fact) as full barrels, and the consumer was
compelled 10 take it or do without; they are frequently ex-
posed toall the inclemency of the weattier at all seasons of the
year, and lose according to the original dryness or wetness of
the salt when made.
Answer to question 10. An increased price Is always de-
manded If the salt is re-weighed, depending entirely on the «a-
price of the seller.
Answer to questions 11,1?. and 13.    The barrels are of dif-
ferent sizes, and hold from 500 to 800 pounds, and measure
from two and a half to four bushels, making the necessary al-
lowance between very dry and very wet salt."
6  PiomPikecmoiv:
*7. la selling by the barrel, the lick weight is the weight
sold by.
8.  We believe the real weight Is always below the lick
"eight; generally it is from 18 to 21 per cent, below.
9.  They are in most places; and such exposure, no doubt,
conttibuieeto the defective weight.
10.  Salt is offered for rale, according to the lick weight, by
the barrel. Ir re-weighed, an increased price is demanded, of
from 12} to 37J cents per bushel.
11.  From 5} to 6 bushels, by weight, is usually marked on
each barrel.
15.  The same barrel would contain from 3 to 3} measured
.bushels.
-13. Fr m2J to S measured b ushels; and sometimes as low as
3 bushels.
14.  Kanawha salt usually weighs from 80 to 90 pounds the
measured bushel."
7. F«om Jackson eeirnrY:
"6. fait iasold here by weight, fifty lbs. to the bushel; and
{0 lba.(thebM hei)of the salt, which I tried, (without pressing)
measured 1 85 5932 5 ICfJOOOOhs solid irches, making 4 gal-
lons 1.4632 lOUOO.hs quatt, dry mensure, which is but very lit-
tle over hall'a measured bushtl. Therefore, when fait is two
dollars the 50 lbs we have to pay at the rate of 83 62J the mea-
sured bushel. This is oppression m a free country; this is the
fruit of the tariff*
7. In selling by the barrel, the weight of the barrel and the
nett weight of salt is sometimes, and most commonly, placed on
the barrel; but the weight of the barrel is marked much less than
its real weight.
They mase no deduction for the drying of the salt. One
barrel I particularly weighed out, and it lost twenty oounds;
and 1 am credibly informed that some have lost as much as
fifty."
8   Froeh Plane county.
"7. Generally sold at lick weight, allowing 23 pounds tare
for the barrel, whereas the barrel frequently weighs considera-
bly more.
9. The real Weight is nearly always be ow the marked weieht
from the smallest difference up to Í5 prouuds; more generally,
from 30 to 50 pou nds
27. We have koown of a barrel being sold at lick weight,
where the bead had been huist and about one-third of the salt had
' been spilled and desnoyed ;" the supply being insufficient,
the purchaser Was compelled to take at the Uck weight, or
,  nona."
9   " StaUmentflhehonarabltMr Lyon, of Kentucky.
' That, being a member ola mercantile house, which received
a quantity of salt from the Kanbwha Salt Company, to sell on
commission, tn the years I&6 and 1S27, with instructions to sell
at the¡original mart orTfci weight, Uridine many of the barrels
,;fraatlf deficient in weight, varying from 10 to 20 percent, they
•. isrwatghed and sold a qusmuy at the real weight; that, when
the agent ofthe company came ob, ha was dissatisfied, and said
j  was their custom to sell elsewhere at the original mark, and
that it must be so sold there; which they refused to tie. The
agency and the salt on hand, were transferred to other hands;
an I that he has great reason to believe, the necessities of the
people, in many instances, co . pelle.l ihem to purchase the de-
ficient barrels at their marked weight." .
10. F<om Bv.chanan ctuniy:
" 7. When sold by the Inrrel, it is sold by the weight
marked upon the barrel, comnv nly called lick weight.
8.  The real weight is always below the marked weight, and
the usual difference is about 40 prunds on the barrel. The
greatest difference we have heard of is 70 pounds on the
barrel.
9.  The barrels are always exposed to the sun, rain, and at-
mosphere, either while coming to market or waning sale.
10.  An increased price is always demanded, if reweighed,
which increase is 25 cents on the bushel.
11.  The number of bushels marked on a barrel is generally
seven.
12.  The same barr 1 would contain four measured bushels.
13.  A barrel usually contains three and a half measured
bushels, alter deducting for wastage, leakage, and drying. The
lowest quantity such barrel has been known to contain is three
bushels.
14.  The weight of a measured bushel of the Kana* ha or do-
mastic salt could not be less than 94 pounds, supposing 84
pounds to be the weight of a measured bushel of pure alum sun
made salt."
Mr. B. here ceased hi? quotations, not because
he had read all, but because he had read enough
to show by what measure the monopolizers wers
notar selling salt to (he people of the West. He
bfgged ihe Senate to obseive, and to mark well,
the complication of the cheat in the m^a'-ure. It
was so complicated that it required a cateful consi-
deration tn d-tect the whole of it. First, 50 pounds,
at the lick, was conniel for a bushel. Secondly,
five of these bushels were put ii.ti a two an ' a
half bushel barrel, six of ihem were put into a
three bushel barrel, and nine of them into a four
and a half bysbel barrel. Thirdly, 50 per cent.
on an average of these 50 pound bushel', wee
hitter water and lime. Feurthly, an average ot
20 per cent, was wasted ow of the barrel be'bre it
was^old. FifMy,fiom 15to 25poundso!'every barrel
was in wood, b-ins the trual actual weight <f the
barrel above ihe tare allowed for it. The result
of such measurement was to give about onepjck
of purs salt for 'he nominal and pretendtd busht 1.
Having thus shown the quality of the >alt sold
in the West, and the quantity all< wed for a bushel.
Mr. B next proceeded 10 the natural inquiry of
the price; an I went on to show what was the pp'c;
paid for such bushels of tuch salt. For this pur-
pose he again had recours  to the testimony con-
tained in document No. 196 au'hentirated, he re-
peated, by the s gnatnres of more than 3^0 respfc-
table names, which might be increased to more
than 300,000—to as many, in fret, as there were
purchasers of salt in fhe ten Stat  s and Territories
of the West. He then quoted from the document
in answer to the queries 5 and 6:
ThFsearetheqtieiie :
"5 What is the present felling price of difieren , kinds of
salt in yo'ir neighborhood by the single bushel? and what has
been its highest and also its lowest price by the single bushel at
anv lime «ithin the last five or ten years?
6  What is the price by the barrel? and also what is the high,
est and whit the lowost price by the barrel at any time within
several years past?"
i      And ihe-e 'he answers:
1   From Howsrd county:
"5. Kanawha and Mi-ssnuri made salt Is now selling in this
county by the bushel at one dollar and fifty cents. No other
kind, of consequence, in the county. We have known it to vary
111 price, within the last ten years, from seventy-five cents to
three dollars per bushel.
6 It is now selling in Fa'ette, by the barrel, at ninety-six
cents per bushel. The variation in price bv the barrel h.is been
abmit the same as stated in the preceding answer ty the
bushel."
2.   Krom New Hope, Lincoln county:
"4. In our section of the country we have but one salt mer-
chant, who is anagent employed by the Kanawha Salt Com-
pany.
5.  The present price per single bushel of fifty pounds is
81 25; the highest price $2 50; the lowest 65 ¿cents."
3.   From Callaway ciuuity:
'  "Answer.   The present price of salt by the single bushel is
$1 75; the hiehest price 82 75; the lowest 81.
Answer. The present price by the barrel, at lick weight, is
SI 25; highest price was 82, and the lowest 874 cents."
4.   From C av r.nuntv:
"5. Kanawha, «1 50; ground alum, «1 75; Turk's Island,
t—. Highest p ice. within the last five years, 92; lowest, $1,
for Kanawha, in the year 1836.
6.  By the barrel, re-weighed, «I 25; lick weight. «1 12J.
Lowest price bv the barrel, 93} cents; most generally, SI. When
sold for cash, 81 12J. 
5.   From J cl< son oorjn'y:
"5 Kanawha salt is selline at si 60 per bushel at the present
lime. Ground alum salt is selling at present at «2 6". Kana-
wha, within the last five years, has been as high as 82 50 per
bushel, and >s low as 81 per bushel. Ground alum has been
sold generally at about *2 per bushel, within the abovenauied
time.
6. Th  price by tha barrel at present is si 25 for Kanawha'
i
which is the only kind sold by the barrel. The lowest price
within the last five years has been about SI per bushel by the
barrel."
6   From Malison cturty:
"5. By thesingle bushel it isselling at present $1 60. Last
winter it was 82, and tor several years past has not been lower
than 81 pet bushel.
6. By the barrel at $1 12J; the highest price 81 75, the lowest
87J cents."
7.   From Cape Girradeau ennmy:
"5th. The price of salt at present for Kanawha is 81 25; (in
second hands, the agents selling only by the barrel.) The
price, however, varies much from rncttrnstances, it being the
object of the company \o prevent the importation of foreign
salt; they, therefore, regulate their prices in reference to that
object. For instance: when treishts are low, they put down
the price of their salt to 30 or 6 | cen's per bushel; and when
freights are high, or the navigation obstructed, the price is
raised to SI or «I 25per bushel. Thus, too, it has happened
that,atNew Mailrirt for instance, where the navigation is al-
most always open, the company's pall has been sold at 50 cents;
when, at the same time, at places within one hundred miles on
the river, where ihe navisauon was obstructed, the price has
been put up to $1 or $1 25.
6th. 75 cents.    The highest SI; the lowest 62¿ cents."
8.   Krom Greene Cfiiniy:
"4. There is but one salt merchant in our section of the Slate,
except when sold by him to our immediate traders.
5.  The bicht st price generaI'y paul here for a single bushel
(50 pjunds)is S3, and the, lowest $1 ¡5."
9.   Fr< m IVIi ler coim'y:
"5. Present price is8137|per bushel for Kanawha and sa
line; foralum. $1 50 per nnshel; lowest, September 1st, 1838,
81; highest, 1st of February, 1 39, 42 50 per bushel of 50
pounds, li k weiaht.
6.  81 ¿5 per bushel, by the birrel, lick weieht; difference for
several years frjm 75 cents to $2 50 per bushel, by the barrel,
lick weight"
10.   From Taney county:
"5th. From 83, to S3 50 is the present selling pi ¡ce by the sin-
gle bushel, atxt $3 by the birrel. Within the last five years
it has been as high as £5, and as low as 82
6th. 83 by the barrel, and has been as high as 85; the low-
est 82 50."
11.   From Benton connty:
"5th. From 81 124 to 81 50, with an addition of 124 cents
per bushel for rt weighing."
12.   From Buchanan countv:
"5. Toe present selling price, by the bushel, is 82 26; and the
highest price in this part of the country, has been 83 per bushel,
anil the lowest has been 75 cents per bushel.
"6. The pi esent selling price, whensnUlby the barrel, is 82
per bnshe1; the hishest price, during the last ten years, has
been 82 50 per bushel, and the lowest 75 cents per bushel."
13.   From ih" Htm. Mr. Mther of Missouri, of
the Hou>e of Reptesen'anves:
"As it regards the price of salt in Missouri, I can only say I
was informed by gentlemen of high respectability, that, from
early in the month of November, 1838, and rluring the ensuing
winter, salt sold in Boon, Howard, and other central and western
counties of Missouri, at the nneious rates of from 82 50 to 83
per bushel, or 50 pounds; and I have further undersn od, that
the article 01 sail sold, during the same periods, in Wi«konstn
and Iowa Territories, at from 85 to 86 per bushel. This op-
pressive slate of things was 1 rod need, as I have the best reason
to believe, from ihe fact, that the article of s.iltjatthe time hers
spoken of, was mainly heid and monopolized in Missouri, and
someof the other Western States and Tenitories,by the Kana-
wha Salt Company."
14.  From the Hon. Mr. Chapman, delegate in
Congress from Iowa; being aisvrers to questions
put by him to men hi n is in hat Territory:
"EcnLitioTox, I. T. November 3, 1838.
"CsSTtEJtEN: By answering the following questions, you
may perhaps lend some aid towards remedying the evils of ths
«alt monopoly, and its consequence, the very high price of salt
in this country.
Question 1. What was the highest price of salt in Burlington
du nng the last winter?
Answer. 86 per bushel.
Question 4. Are you nat the agents of the salt company, and
bound by their directions in fixing the price?
Answer. We are.
Question 5 Have you not been recently directed by the ge-
neral agent of the company to raise the price of salt? If so, to
what extent, and on what account?
Answer. We were directed as above to raise, and have done
so. The rise wa« 25 cents on the bushel; as the . gent said, on
account of high freights.
Qtiestion 6." Is freight higher now than for two or three
months past?
Answer. It is pot.
Question7. Was the silt upon which you have raised the
price freighted recently?
Answer. Freighted in June, when the water wss high, and
freight low; down to 7 > cents per barrel.
Qtestion 8. What quantity have you on hand upon which
you have raised ihe price and when freighted?
Answer. 200barrels on hand,freightedin June, when freight
was low.
Question 9. Have you not sold at a lower price than your
present, a considerable quantity of salt freighted at die same
price as that on hand, upon which you have raised7
Answer. We have.              ' .
Messrs. SaMSO.V, BRtDGEMAX, AND Co."
Haviig made these quntitto's of pr'c?s of rail
in nirTerent parts of the West, Mr B. went on to
compare the price t.fih^ article win its measure
and its quality; and, taking the whole together, to
ascertain what was the real price pariI for as much
pure salt as would make a measuredI bn.hel. He
affirmed .hat ifVas as clear, frcm ibe evidence be
had read, as any proposition in Euclid, that what
