April, 1840.
APPENDIX TO TfiE CONGRESStONAL GLOBE.
sdr
26th Cono-'"Ht Sm*.
R peal of the S>V Tax—Mr. Bento .
Senate,
extraoidmary circutns< nce.s,ai1d without the le-ist |
reierenee to that tax, is set up tomnunue it again; '
—to protract its exisienre until 1842—and then to
lhr. w it wo hatch potch wt'h all me multifarious
objects of a general lanfThill, to be «gain compro-
nti>ed, and imposed upon the country in the chat-
tering and bargaining arrangements to which such
a bill is subject. And this is t e spirit of taxa-
tion ! All agreements to limit the duration of taxes
•re void: all agieecaenis to coatinue them are
sacred.
9. That the du'y is alieady greatly reduced, and
is going down as fast as the general interests of the
country will permit. This is what i< als  sttd by
the authors ot the act of 1813, (Messrs. Clay and
Calhudn,) and up«n which they resist my bill.
But this is an error—an error of fact; and para
doxieal as the assertion may appear, I can say
there is but little redact on in the tate of ihe salt
duty—in some kinds none at all—alihough the duty
has gone down from twenty cen's to six cents on
the bushel. This is an assertion no less actually
true, than apparently false. The document No.
368—the repon on the salt duties and ñ-hing boun-
ties—explains it, and shows that the price of >alt,
the son made salt, has been dec ining all over the
world for the last twenty years, and has actually
declined about in the proportion to the reduction of
oar doty; so that the rate of the duty remains about
the same. The duty which was about 100 per
centum on the value at 20 cents a bushel, is still
about the sam? at 8 cents. The document men-
tioned cont tins, at page 79, a table of the cost of
rait in all the countries from which we obtain it—
nearly forty in number—showm? the respective
priees for a series of years, from 1822 to 1838. This
table shows that the cost of all the salt which we
receive from abroad, except that from Liverpool,
has regularly and largely declined during that time;
that all san made salt, the only strong and pure
kind, has actually undergone a decline of frtm one
half to two-thirds in that time. This is an impor-
tant view of the subject, and deserve* to be substan-
tiated by particular reference-. I will give these
references, beginning with the West Indies, our
nearest fountain of supply, and a fountain able to
supply us, without any other limit on the quantity
than the limits to the quantum of sunshine and sea
water. Thus the salt of the British West Indies,
(Turks Island, and other Bab ima islands,) from
which we receive about seven hundred thousand
buihels annually, has declined in price, in the pe-
riod mentioned, trom 14 io 10 cents. That of the
Dutch West Indies, from which we receive about
four hundred thousand bu^hpls annually, the
price has gone down from 18 cents to 7 cents.
That of the Swedish "WYst Indies has gone down
from 19 to 7; that of the Dani.-h.from 22 to 7; that
of the French, from 21 to 7; that of ih* Spanish,
from 15 lo 8. Such is the gratifying reduction of
the price oí salt in the Gulf of Mexico—ihe imme-
diate neighborhood of the great West—the point
to which the Western trade tends—and the most
ready and convenient fountain of supply which we
can have for salt. On all this salt the duly may
still be said to be what it was twenty yeais ago,
namely, 100 per centum on the value; and, there-
fote, it is an error to suppose that the duty is rapid-
ly diminishing,and gonij down as fast as the gene-
ral interest permits. In all other countr e< from
which we obtain alum salt, and all salt made by
  lar evaporation out of sea water, comes under
that description; from all these countries 'he same
results are more ot less perceivab'e. Tnus, from
Colombia, the price is re luced from 10 cents to 5;
from the Argentine Republic, from 25 ti 7; from
the Atlantic coast of Spain, from 7 to 4 cents;
fri'm i s Mediterranean coast, from 9 to 4 cents-
from Portugal, fiom 10 to 6 cent-, from ihe south-
ern coast of France, from 8 to 7; fiom other coun-
tries and islands ia the Mediterranean and Adria-
tic seas, the price has declined from 7, 6, and 5
cents, to 4,3, and 2. I omit fractions in all cas «,
and give the round numbers neatest the sum. It
is, therefore, seen that the price of the sun made
salt has been decreasing all over the world for the
last twenty years, and there is no telling how much
lower it will go, but probably will become as cheap
in the Gulf of Mexico as in the Mediterranean sea.
At ihis rat -, it tree iiom duty, ¡-all would oecome
the universal ballast of all ¡-hips tricting in the
watm latitudes which produce it; and, bein? thus
the universal bnüa t, it would tie so'd at hr-t co>t
in alt our s?aport towns. This is whv the good of
ihe coun'ry requuts, and what our tax on ih* ani-
de now prevents. Upon this state of facts Mr. B.
re.-ted tie assertion, thai the rate of the «alt dmy
wa«-a  great as ever, and ihu total a'ioLton, m>t
reduction, was what the good of the country re-
qu red
3. That the du'y will be reduced, in 1842, to
twenty per centum on the value.   This is what the
authors of the comprom se say, and they seem to
think that s*lt may veiy well continue to bjsr that
t'uty in time to come.    To this I utterly object, and
for many reasons: una first, because salt it an arti-
cle of piime neces-ity, an< universal consumption,
and ougit to be as tree from tax as air and water;
secondly, because any tax, no matter what, wdl an-
swer the purposes of the Western monopolirers,
by enabling them to engross the foreign salt which
is subject iu duty in New Orlean ; thirdly, because
any tax, no mat er what, will be a pretext for keep-
ing up ih" fi-hi'g bounties and allowances, now
drawing $320 01)0 annually from the Treasury, of
which twu-hirds ate unduly drawn; fourthly, be-
cause anv i'uty, no matter what, will keep up the
custom-house standard of weight for m-asure—of
fifiy-S1 x pounds for th * bushel— which has improved
into fifty pounds by the regratersand monopolizers,
and whereby the consumer loee  34 pound? in th-
bnshel.     Mr.  B. said that this substitution   cf
weight for measure—this snbstitution of a false for
a true bushel—was one of the great abuses of the
salt trade of the Wtst; and its origin was clearly
traceable to the salt revenue laws, and to the tor-
tuous and crooked policy of General Hamilton.   It
was one of his contrivances for increasing a tax
without seeming to increase it; and while this was
his only object in the year 1792, when, as Secre-
tary of the Treasury, he recommended this change,
yet it has lfd to a most injurious and lasting inpo-
sition in the measure of salt,  which has spread all
over the Western country, and is now fully exem-
plified in ihe exhibitions of the "lick voeighC which
have  been made to  th  Senate,  and   by  which
barrels   lacking   one-fouth   of being   full,   and
only   capable  of containing   two   and   a   half,
or   three,   or   four and a half bushels, if filled
to the brim, are forced upoa the  purchaser for
five bushels, six bushels,  r nine bushels    All thi*
has its root and origin in our custom house substi-
tution of weigtit for measure; and it is necessary
to abo'ish that process entirely—to keep ihe salt
away from the cus'om-house altogether—in order
to let the measured bu?hfl re-establish itself under
the laws of the States, and by the equity and fair
dealing of the importers and purchasers.    Mr. B.
said that he could not leave this topic without veri-
fying what he had said in relation to ihe substitut on
of ihs weighed for the measured bns'iel.    It was a"
point of great moment io tie people of the West,
and was but imperfectly understood by them. They
knew ihe evil, but not its source, nor where to ap-
ply the remedí.    The repoit on the fisatng boun-
ties and salt duty would exp a;n it all; and for this
purpose he read an extract from that report, at
pages 12 and 13-   It was as follow?:
Act op Mat 2, 1792.
"This act raises the duty on salt by the indirect means of al-
tering and reducing the standard o I ihe bushel, substituting a
weighed bushel of fifty-six pounds for a measured bushel of
eighty-four pounds, and increasing the fishing allowances in the
same proportion.   The history ol this change in the bushel,
which, aithe time, increased a lax on a necessary of life wnhout
professing to raise it, and which lias been attended ever since,
and is now attended, with such injurious consequences in the
West, may be traced to its source in General Hamilton's fiuan-
eial reports, as follows.
"On the I6th f March, 1792, the Secretary of the Treasury
(GeneralHarailton) reported in favor of raising additional sup-
plies for the support of the Governnientand the defence of the
frontiers; and, among other means of increasing the revenue
from imposts, recommended the salt duly to be calculated upon
the weight, instead of the measure; and that fifiy-six pounds
should be counted for a bushel. His recommendation was as
follows:
" 'It is represented tha' the duty on salt operates unequally,
from ihe considerable difference in weight, in proportion io
quantiiy, ol different kinds of salt: a bushel weighing from
about hliy six io upwards of eighty weight. It would have an
equalizing effect if the bushel were defined by weight; and, if
fiity-six pounds were taken as the standard, a valuable acces-
sion (o ihe revenue would result.'—(American State Pnpers,
vol. 5, page IfiO >
" In i lie sime le ion, ai page 161. the Secretary, under tha
heal of • Estimule aj probable additional revenue from the
proposed du íes,' ea\e:
•• 'Salt, irom ihe equalizing regulation proposed, will proba-
bly yiel I onesixih more, 01 i wo cents per bushel; which, on
two millions ol bushels, would yie.d 840.000.'
"Thtsrecommenilaiii.il of G neral Hamilton had lta r«ct.
In tw > months thereaiter tlie weighed bushel was established
by law. Tue act of May 2, 1792, en uled '.In act for raiting
a further sum of money for the protection of the frontier*,
and for other purposes therein mentioned? increases ihe du-
ties on many article*; and with respect to salt, and the fishing
bounties and allowances, made the following   provisions:
•• 'Seo 3 That, Irom and after the last day ol June next, in
computing the duty heretofore kid upon salt, a bushel of salt
shall he desmed not to exceed the weight of fifty-six pound*!
avoirdupois; and, as often a? the actual bushel ol salt thai
exced ihe said weight, such salt shall be charged in the propor-
tion of the present rate of duiy per bushel, lor every fifty-six
pound  of its actual weight.'
"This is the art which has introduced into some parts of tha
United S'aies the idea ol selling salt by the weighed instead of
the measured bushel, and has led to one of the greatest imposi-
tions now practised by the tait mnnopol zers of the West.
Improving upon the idea of this weight lor measure, they re-
duce th- fifty-six to fifty pounds; they then sell by lick weight,
which is always below true weight, and fr. quently as much
as twenty or thirty per cent below it. Th us, to raise the salt
lax indirectly, by dumnishinz the bushel, an immense and per-
manent injury has been inflicted upon the Western Sutes,
wh re the weighed bushel prevails and a false idea of the na-
tional supply is created; for, when we say so many bushels
imported, or manufactured, the mind is deceived—for they are
not measured bushels weighing eighty four pounds, but
weighed bushels, one-ihird less than the measured bushel.
The reported importation of seven millions of bushels per an-
num, is but a little upwards of four millions. Such are the
consequences of a single indirect, and apparently, a small in-
direct movement in legislation! To increase the salt revenue
in 1792, by altering the standard of the bushel, the nation, and
especially the whole Western country, has since been cheated
out of one-tbird of its salt; and since tha monopoly in the West,
the cheat in that quaiter (lick w*ight and adulteration being
considered) is fully ene half.
"But this change in the salt measure, though introduced into
our laws on the recommendation of General Hamilton, and a*
an indirect mode «f increasing the duty, was not original with
him: u had previously been done, and for the same purpose, in
Great Britain. Fifty-six pounds to the bushel bad there bean
adopted, in order to increase the number ol bushels, and thus
augment the product of the tax. By this contrivance, the salt
tax, both in England and America, while nominally on tha
bU8he',was, in reality, on two-thirds of a bushel; but, in the
year 1&22, the English relieved themselves from this imposi-
tion, and from all the burdens of the salt tax, by repealing It in
tolo, and making salt free of tax in that country."
With this explanation ol the manner in which
the weighed bushel was brought into use in our
country, and a drc'aration that 20 per centum was
just as bad as 20 crnis on the bushel, Mr. B pro-
ceeded to notice ihe next of the objectians which
the stickler* for the compromise, as it was called,
interposed to his bill.    It wac:
4. That salt must watt for the general regula-
tion of the tariff, and be taken up at trie same time
with all other articles, and be included in the gene-
ral bill which seti'es and arranges all the duties.
To this, said Mr. B. I utterly object. I object to
postponing this artice to a general settlement day,
then to be mixed up with all oiher articles, to abide
the bargaining arrangements lo which every gene-
ral tariff bill is liable. To all this I object. Ic'aim
fur salt a distinct and separate consideration—a
trial by itself—a lectsion upon i's own meri s; and
that for many and uigent rea.ons, of which I will
mention a few; the rest being implied or included
i i other pans of my speech. And first, I say that
the sail tax is n«w wrongfully, a mi si fraudulently,
upon our i-ta'ute book—th jt it is there in violation
of thice compromises—the ore opon which it was
enacted in 18J3—ihe one upon which it was con-
tinued in 1816—and the one upon which i's repeal
was prevented in 1818: and bein? thus wrongfully
there, honor and good faith n-quire it to te taken
off. Secondly, I claim for it a separate consdera-
tion, because .salt is an ariiclj which stands alone
in the economy of nature, havina neither tival nor
substitute; and being of ind S|,etisab'e use, and uni-
versal consumption. From the palace to the cot-
tage—from the ox to the epicure, neither man nor
beast can do without it, nor find a subst tute for it.
Such an article should not b« thrown into hotch-
potch with luxuries and trifles in a general tariff
law. Thirdly, s.'lt is now an ai tide which Mauds
alor-e in our statute b< ok. The dutv on it was te-
pealed by a separate act in 1807—revived by a se-
parate act in 1813—continued by a separate act in
l8lfi—partly repealed by a teparate act in 1830;—
and the only law on the stan te b<">K wn'«h now
fee*rs it alive, is a separate act. Tnus, this tax
now stands alone in oar revenue code; and by it-
self 'et it continue to stand, or let it lall. IX is a
tax too odious and execrable to be honored with
company in its life, or solaced with companion  m
