400
APPENDTX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1840.
;*">ih  Cono-..-1-t Spss.
Repeal ofthe Satr 'fax—Mr  Ben on.
Senate.
other ii'ifgn ratr h n se pun hiv ai'e tor pro-
duce, ¿ni u(on ir-i1¡t ]\ew 0 1 an^ wou'd be-
come tie great p( i it of -uppv,an! mmy Ww-
ern farm rs wnu d 'h'r- pu cha^e tor tie use ves
and nei^hto   at fi st est, and m exchange ior
tbe.r 5u plus produ< is
6.   Another of he p-cu'iar reasans for sup-
pressing this tax V.VÍI.B 'Hi'') was in its k own
tendency and effect to do u fj mely nnte mischief
to the community ihai g^od to the Treasury. By
snot ne the u e ana mcrea-u.^r the pr ce ot ¡-alt it
dd an injury to .-gncu ture i finitriy beyond the
amount oi tiie tax. Tne nat onal wea th, in the
luipi riant branch of asrcu turf, w« ínjmed to
the amount of ii any nv' i u s anriudly, in order ih<t
Government m ghi le -t-i.e af.  hun red ihousu.d
dollars. Th's has been ons ot the enluhentd
objettions t > t. e tax in all countries and was i na
of in* effective argumei t- in causins Us suppres-
sion in England a^out uenty year-, ago The «ait
revenue then urn >un el to ^even ana a half mii-
kocs of dol ars per annum; and it was the o, mion
of pract.cal termer , and enhght-ned ?tate-ur-n,
that the aunual injury to the c unt^y was frr be-
yond that amoun . Wnat'Ver the degrte of in-
jury might have^been in Ei g and, I am tr^e to de-
clare it as my opinion, and that bi>i'omed upun
data, that it is lar greater in ihe United S aits.
7.   Again. The navigation of the West requires
the addition o,' tne sa.t import.it.cn. O'ir .-tíam-
boats go down to >>'e v Orleans loaded, and with
difficuiy obtain r¿>U'n cargoes, and especially
heavy articles for under cargo, and to serve as bal-
last. Salt is the ident cal aiticle to answer their
parpóse; and if tmpo/ied in the quantity which
the country require , and wh ch the Gulf oí Mexico
is ready to supply, to say n< thme of other ?ouices,
would supply more return fiti.ht than all other
foreign articles put together. Tne present popula-
tion and stcck oi ihe West would rcqiire an in.-
poita ion of tour millions of bushels of salt, equal
n «eight to one hundred thousand tons; to be an-
nually mortared in a'l time to come.
8. Insufficiency of the supply is  another of ihe
peculiar reason-for ihe free  admission ot foreign
sa t     This insufficiency is attested by every witne-s
where e-t muny has been read to the Senate.   The
stint is umver-al,   ani severe, all over ihe We-t;
and wht e most seve>e 'he-e, it i> albo sensibly telt
in other pant, of the Union.    Trie uationa. su iply
ol Srtlt i> u.suffijien , aid this  tiuih,  telt aid la-
mented by all consumer-', i-. ea-ily demonstrated
upon authentc data.     Tne   Hen^e   «id  pardon
some de ai > to e'uci la'e a  point so  important: it
will receive wi h  m'lu'g'npe íume «tatem ms and
calculate ns to es'ablish  a f ict  of .--uch gieat na-
tional importance.    I a'n i f opin on mat ihe sup-
ply of salt f r th>- United Sutes, taken as a w o e,
l  not the one-thitd part of what  it   tu^ht to be;
taken spciionally, and tor the valley of the Missis-
sippi, and I am  ot opinion that it is not ihe one-
htih part of wha> it ought lo be.    The-e o unions
are not cruíe ccnceptia i< or «id gue-ses, h rmed
without da>a, and ut e ed « iihoutcmi^i leration; but
they are the result oí  a care.ul examinatun in o
supply tne c n<timptton, and   the   uses ot ¡-ah in
the Uuittd Stales, an 1 in ot°er countries proper to
be compared with our own, (Enz á id an I France
for example; and a companion o t ie -U'eof the sup-
ply in each     In thi-i-oinpartsoti t ie-upply of the
Uni'n,aridof the We tesprcia ly, will he discovered
tobe   lamentdb y rle'ci'nt.    í i thJ -alt document,
No.   196, th°re is a  staetiert ot all   the foreign
salt impi nei, an1 of a.l ihe d"ine.t c 'at male
in the Lfnit-d b atf s; hey are au'he die and official
stitements, and  -ii'! be  taken  as the basi-of my
calculation^.      The fore gn  importation, f.r  the
year 1838, the last of which t >e ie urns a>e made
up, is, in lound number-, s^ven millions of bust e's;
but ihese  are c i-'om t ousj bushj s, oie- h rd b -
low less than rea'bushel-; sj   ihn the ac ual im-
ponaion >s only 4,600,00 t mezsured bu-hels   Tne
domest c  upjly i>  n mmally abmit esamj with
the  im iDitiif'O,  «ay   -e >n   m 1 i >' s of tn-hes;
but in reality {/ir les-,  f r, wh le 11 Ne   E .«hnd,
tad  on  ihe A Unt.c coast, t >e  measu-el bj h-1
p emails, and  a  bushel   is a   bti-he';  and while at
ihe New York worl/s 56pojn I; of ¡rood inspected
«.¿It w .illowert for a buJieI- vet n a'l ih' W"' the
hu-hel is conn >d at   50 pound-; ¿n I in it -u >ject t >
a'l tie deduc 10 x  wheh  have  been shown in ihe
evidence, and   w^ ch thero reduce ihe >im nulaterl
tiu h-l in the  cím? of Kanawha silt io a nut one
pick. The evid-nce i'oes not apply to other works,
bu'   tTeie is dmbile-s some adu teration  at all.
With all th*se dtducti ms, pnl making an averaga
of the wh'i e, the di m-stic supply of salt cannot
exceed thic-•  and  a  halt   m 1 u n  of   meisuiel
b i-h'l<; making j u>ial of aboui eight mrhoa< 'or
the h wne at d  lo e>sn   supply put together.    This
bema the supp'y, we «ill now look to the con«ump-
11< n and compare it with that oí England, the fairest
< bjjci of compar son  bo h fot numte s of people,
thetrsiock, and he r a^i'-- of ihe t'« ocount tes Tneir
im'I ulano i is nearly equal, but  tha' ol the On ted
Sta'es greats ; n s oa., Eng and e <c< e N us in the
number, a'* well ^s in ihe value oi sheep; is interior
to u-i in the n .aiber < f sw ne, and may be pretty
i ear'y even in  hornet rate and  hirsts,  tiongh
I pre-ume the i umber of each «ou'd be greaten n
the Unit d S ates.    Such  bemj the relative num-
bers of  people and stock in the  two countries,
the next inquity   >s u to ihe quantity of sat  con-
sumed in Eng and, first by   people, and  then by
st. ck.    The Ens'i-h economists compute  the con-
;u npiion of-alt p>! head, for their who'e popula-
ti m of 16 500 000 ot  soul-,  at  22  po-inds eacb;
which 2ivb>   or t"e whole au aggr*gite of 363,-
00i ,0l)0  mill'cns of pounds   or IfiO.OOO 'ons, or
6.4U0 000    cu-tom-huu-e    bushels*     Th.s,    of
course, incuied  all that went into foodoferety
kind.   The salt for the stock in E"glind, exclu-
sive of swidp, was computed at 522,000,000 of
bushels, (custom-hnu*e measure )   The details of
the computation may be seen in ihe salt document
of the last ^e-ston, N > 2G0. Thj stock was comput-
ed at 30,000 000 of sheep, 4 600 000 horned cattle,
and 1,500,000 of hoise«, the r lew mules included.
These two he^ds cf consumption alone about riou-
b'e the nominal  number of bushels consumed in
the Untied fcta'es; still ano her large head of con-
sumption is to be nc'uded,  that of manufactures,
and the ans.  This is a great and increasing source
of consumption both in  the  United States and in
England: no less than  fifty vanen°s of manufac-
tures carried on in Enslan ',  and  mo-t of hem in
the United S'aies require the u-e oí salt, either in
i s proper s'ate, or a< a chetnie.il preparat on; and
this Without c in ing tw ■ app ications of ihe arti-
cle, the us? of v.hith is now acqji ing a pr uligicus
extensio i, thU
and frig t fi; mntu e->  for
c iry std' 2*d sodof for washing,
c< oling- or co' geihng
flu ds. Tins ad'ii nal head cf consumption oeing
inc u led—the q íaniity of salt u-ed in En.-land in
manufrfct'ire-, up >n sti ck, and in human food—
an 1 the con'um,) ion ih-ie must more lhan double
our nom nal quantity of fourteen mil ion«, and
exceed three to one our actual quantity of
8 million-!. This makes g. oi my opinion
that the supply ot ihi° l'n.ted S ales, as a whole,
is one thrd o > h r'e, assuming he Eneltsh supp'y
to b- suffic ent But that is not ad i ltted Tne
Ergih-ufply «ai held to be insufficient; with
the actual c nsunipnon which I have exhibited,
and which va> made in 1816, tne supply was held
to be in^mcient; the ct uniry demanded larger
supplies, and a (ree trade in ihe article; and in
ihe iear 1822, a free trade was granted it, the -a't
tax being tntite v suppte^e.l! Fa s ng liom ihe
national io the sectional supply—Mom the whole
Union, t< the Wes'—an 1 Mr. B said, it was ea«y
to.-eeihat the in-ufhuency was far greater there
ilun in the A lantic State*, and far be ow the ave-
rage  of   the wno'e.    Tnis   was   easily   proved.
* In France, it was computed by Mi Necker that ihe con-
«mmpti'in ol «ill in tho-e piovinces, which hid purcha-ed an
exemption fn>m the gabelle (the salt Government monopoly
laws) at 19£ pouw's per head.
tSuda is <i decomposition ol ealf it ts one of its component
parts Salt i* c «nipoaeil of murtdtic acid and a >da in tlie pro-
portions ol 53J per < cntum ot soda, and 46^ per centum ot mu-
riatic a «I ]t u easily decomposed into its two constituent
p.ns by chemical pioces-, and the separa'c parts, though no
longer auMwennz the purpoües of salt, become useful in a great
vnieiy ol nianuliiciures, and in miny lions hold operttinns
Ol these, h.ir I so ip and ci ysializ d 10 la for w.tshing, are amoog
the most c >mm n No haid soap n made wuhout one ol the
romp'nent parts of salt; in washing, soda lessens the quantity
ofsoap to be used on account of its ?rea er causticity, anil
makes the soap more detergent. ¡So that, in addition t) all its
other virtues «alt is the promoter of cleanliness, and furnishes
' c 'ffici n 3 p    1 -v m up hit n rviei nr ' our ol 'he'
T ius, of the sev> n mi fons of inporel custom-
h tuse bu^h'l!>, there was un oited a  Ne* Orleans
in 183a, and it was the largist importation ever
made iheie, only 614,000 bus*ei-; that is to
■lav, not a tenth pait; while the population of the
West is a third pa'tof the Union; and her due pro-
portion would have b'.en two millions ot bushels.
This is a deficiency of two thirds < f her propor-
n'onal part <f thi* kind of *a't. Of domestic salt,
ihe noimnil supply of ihe West, counting all ih«
works on ike VVfstetn water-, ereat and small, it
about lour mill ons ot bu-.htl>;but the-e are fifiy
pound, and lick weghi tu-heb, badly alulisrated;
m< of wh ch can be put into a three bu-he1 barrel,
and that wuh >ut filuns it!! The re<'ilt of the
wh> le is, that while ihe national supply of salt may
be assumed 10 b-1 one third too title, that of the
West mny be safely afhraied to be not one fifth
part enoush.
Such s 'he efficiency of salí in ihe United State ,
anlesptxaly ,n the gr-at We-t. Such ihe stint
of an article of the most ind spensable use, and of
the most universal con-ump ion, and of wh.ch na-
ture herself h s prepared such an inexhau tibie
quantiiy. It is probab'e that ^alt is the most abun-
dant su 'stance of our globe—that a is more abun-
dant than earth it<=elf. Like oiher nece^sarus of
life—like air, and water, and tood— t is univer-
sally diffused, and inexhaustibly abundant. It is
found in all climes, and in a great variety of forms.
Tne wateis hold it in solution, the earih contains it
in solid masse . Every sea contains it. It is found
in all the boundles-. oceans which surrounl and
pen-tra'e the earth, and through all their fathom 
less depths. Many inland seas, lakes, ponds, and
pooh, are impregnated with it. S reams of saline
waer, in innumerable places, emergmg from ihe
bowels of the earih, approach its surface, and
either issue from it in perennial spnnas, or
are eafily reached by wells. In the depths of the
earih itself it is found in solid masses of intermina-
ble extent. Thus mexhaus luly absndant, and
universally diffused, ihe wisdom and go dneiS of
Providence is further manifested in the cheapness
and facility of the prepaianon of this necessary of
life for the use of man. In all ihe warm latitudes,
and especially between the tropics, nature herself
performs the work. The beams of the sun evapo-
rate the sea water in all th" low and ¡-hallow re-
s-ervotr<s, where it is duven by the winds, or admit-
ted by the att of man; and this evaporation leaves
behind a deposne of pure salt, ready for use, and
c< S'ing very little more than the labor of gathering
it up. In the interior, and in the colder atitude ,
artificial heat is substituted for the beams ef the
sun: the simplest process of boiling is resorted to;
and where fuel ¡s abundant, and especial-
ly coal, ihe preparation of this prime ne-
.ce^sary is sill cheap and easy; and from
six to ten cents the real bushel may be
consideied as the ordinary c^st of production.
Such is the bount ful and cheap supply of this arti-
cle, which a beneficent Providence has provided lor
us. The Supreme Ruler ot the univers-e has done
every thing t > supply his creatures with it. Man,
ihe fleeting shadow of an instant, invented with his
little brief auihonty, hasdone much to deprive them
of it. In all ages of the world, and in all coun-
tries, salt has been a subject, at different periods,
of heavy taxation, and sometimes of individual or
of Government monopoly; an I precise'y, because
being an article that no man could do without, the
Government was s-ure ol its tax, and the monopo-
lizer ot his price. Almost all nations, m some pe-
riod of iheir history, have suffered the separate or
double infliction ot a tax, and a monopoly on its
* Salt —An English statue to prevent txtortion in its tale,
and to subject Us price to the regulation of city and county
authorities
'■And the lord mayor and aldermen of London, and thejus
¡ices of the peace at their respective general sessions, may set
and publish the prif c of salt to be sold or exposed to sale (and
not intended for exportation) wilhm their respective cities,
counties and places, and may alter the same as they may see
occasion, and the prices so s>n or altered are to be observed by
every person selling or exposing salt for sale And if my per-
son shall sell any salt (except lor expmtation) . t any higher
price, or refuse to sell it at the price so f.xed as aforesaid, he
snail forfeit twenty pounds, to be levied hv .liü'r<>«s,by warrant
of one justice, and, in default of sufficient distress such jus ica
may impueon such offender until he pay the same, to be ap-
plied half to the Km , and half to him who shall sue "-- *"' nf
Ctrorge III. year fí rfhisiMan.chap   5 s'f  143
-Act of
