April, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
4&Í
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr, Steenrod.
salt; and, at some period, all have freed themselves
from one, or both. At present, ihere remain but
two countries which suffer boih evils, our America,
and the British East Indies. All others have got
rid of the monopoly; many have got rid of the tax.
Among others, the very country Irom which we
copied it, and the one above all others least able to
do without it. England, though loaded with debt,
and taxed in every thing, is now free from the salt
tax. Since 1822 it has been totally suppressed;
and this necessary of life is now as free there as air
and water. Sne even has a statute* to guard its
price, and common law to prevent its monopoly.
This act was passed in 1807. The common
law of Eog'and punishes alt monopolizers, fore-
stallers, and regraters. The Parliament, in 1807,
took cognizance of a reported combination to raise
the price of salt, and examined the manufactur-
ers on oath.   See Salt Document, No. 196.
Mr. B. said that a salt tax was not only politi-
cally, but morally wrong: it was a species of im-
piety. Salt stood alone amidst the productions of
natare, without a rival or substitute, and the pre-
server and purifier of all things. Most nations had
regarded it as a mystic and sacred substance.
Among the heathen nations of antiquity, and with
the Jews, it was used in the religious ceremony of
the sacrifices; the head of the victim being sprin-
kled with salt and water before it was o fit red.
Among the primitive Christians, it was the subject
of Divine alius ons, the symbol of pur ty, of in-
corruptibility, and of perpe'uity. The disciples
of Christ were called "the salt of the earth;" and
no language, or metaphor, could have been mo^e
expressive of their character and mission, pare in
themselves, and an antidote t.i moral, as salt was
to material, corruption. Among the nations of the
East salt always has been, and Hill is, the symbol
of friendship, and the pledge of inviolable fidelity.
He that has eaten another's salt has contracted
towards his benefactor a sacied obligation; and
cannot betray or injure hiai thereafter, without
drawing upon himself (according to his religious
belief) the certain effects of the Divine displeasure.
While many nations have religiously regarded this
substance, all have abhorred its taxation; and this
sentiment, so universal, so profound, so inextin-
guishable in the human heart, is not to be over-
looked by the legislator.
Mr. B. concluded his speech with declaring im-
placable war against this tax, wih all its appurte-
nant abuses, of monopoly in one quarter of the
Union, and of undue advantages in another. He
denounced it as a tax upon the entire economy of na-
ture and of art—a tax upon man and upon beast
—upon life and upon health—upon comfort and
luxury—upon want and superfluity—upen food
and upon raiment—on washing, and on cleanli-
ness. He called it a heartless and tyrant tax, as
inexorable as it was omnipotent and omnipresent;a
tax which no economy could avoid—no poverty
coald shun—no privation escape—no cunning
elude—no force resist—no dexterity avert—no
curses repulse—no prayers could deprecate. It was
a tax which invaded the entire dominion ol human
operations, falling with its greatest weight upon the
mqst helpless, and the most meritorious; and de-
priving (he nation of benefits infinitely transcend-
in va)n4 the amount of its own product. I devote
myself, said lAt. B. to the extirpation of this odi-
ous tax, and its ¡still more odious progeny—the salt
monopoly vjifa }Vat. J war ajBinst them while
they exist, and I remain on lb is floar. Twelve years
have passed aw^y—two jears more than the s eise of
Troy lasted—since Lbegan this con'esU Nothieg
disheartened by so many. diefeau, in so long a time,
I prosecute the war with unabated vigor; and, re-
lying Bfon the goodness of the canse, fimjy calcu-
late upon ultimate and final success.
SPEECH OF MR. STEENROD,
OF VIRGINIA.
Jn the Hnue ef Representatives, Jlprü 17, 1840—In
Committee* of the Whole, on the bill making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penditures of the Government for the year 1840.
Mr. STEENROD fose and said: Mr. Chair-
man: In rising to address the House at this time,
it is not so ranch for the purpose of discussing the
26
bill under consideration as to express my viewi't
upon the great questions which have been intro-
duced in'o this debate. I cannot refrain, sr, from
expressing my concurrence with my colleague
[Mr. Samoels] in the opinion advanced by him a
few days since, that the Congress of the United
States are responsible to the na'ion for the expen-
ditures of the Government, and not the Executive
Department. "While it is the duty of the Presi-
dent to recommend to Congress tuch measures as
the public interett may require, it is the province
and prerogative of the Legislative Department, as
one of the co-ordinate bracches of the Govern-
ment, a* the money appropriating department, to
judge and act on the propriety of making each and
every appropriation of money, and are responsible
immediately to the people for the exerci-e of this
power.
If this Government has become extravagant, the
Legislative Department must alone be censured
for it; and, if reform is desired in the expenditures
of the Government, it must commence here, and
not with the Executive, for "no money shall be
drawn from the Treasury but in consequence of
appropriations made by law."
Mr. Chairman, the reform desired by the people
of this country, is higher and broader, above and
beyond, the questions examined and discussed a
few days since, by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Giddings] and on yesterday by thehonorable mem-
ber from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ogle ] It is in
advance of those questions; it is the reform that
looks at the very heart and sonl of our system of
Government; the reform that looks to the restora-
tion of the simple, but great features of the Consti-
tution, and the advancement of the interests and
r ghts of the great masse*, as provided for in that
compact. It is the reform recommended in the annual
message of the Chief Magistrate, and in other state
papers which have emanated from that distinguish-
ed public functionary; that of restoring the State
Governments to their municipal authority, cinfin-
ing the Federal legislaibn to our foreign and ex-
ternal relation ; collecting, keeping, and paying out
the revenue, with a strict observance of the appro-
priate and conceded powers of the G-vernmenfj
and thus reduce that overgrown Executive patron-
age, that extravagance in the public expenditures,
which are the spectres that haunt so continually
the feverith imagination of certain gentlemen on
this floor, and which are the consequences of Fede-
ral usurpation, the legitimate offspring of the Ha-
miltonian system. This reform is all that is re-
quired to restore the Government to its Republican
character and destination, to the virtue and the wis-
dom thrown around it by our Revoluionary fa-
thers, and our people to the enjoyment of the equal
rights and freedom provided for in its com-
promises.
If I know myself, I am in favor of this reform.
I say this in the sincerity oi my heart. I believe
the country is sick, and reduced to su.h an ex-
treme condi'ion as to rjquire aid; reduced by un-
wise legislation; by a total departure from the fun-
damental provisions of the Constitution. The
Government has been legUla'ed into the hands of
bankers and brokers, and reduced to a dependence
on corporation8, which assume to be alike at the
defiance of law and public opinion. The trade,
commerce, and measure ot value, are all at the
mercy of stockjobbers and gamesters, and the reve-
nues of the Government placed beyond the control
and management of both the officers of the Go-
vernment, and the representatives of the people.
What has reduced the country to this extremity?
What will arrest the tendency of these untoward
events? These are the important subjects which
now invite discussion, and should engage our con*
sideration.
The money power, sir, is dangerous in every free
Government. By the fiamers of our system of go-
vernment, it was placed above and beyond the
abuse of the rulers and the ruled. The extent of (he
power conferred on the Federal Government wag,
the power "to coin money, regulate the valne
thereof, and of foreign coins." This conferred lit-
tle or no patronage or power oil either the. Govern-
ment or its omcera. Each and both were left unen*
numbered and unarmed with that power, which has
=fc
H. ot Reps.
been claimeóMbr the Government by some to regá-
late the monetary concerní of the entire country;
But the State and Federal frovernmentí, by aiming
at the exerci e of that power which was obviously
withheld and reserved by and to the people, have
rendered nugatory and void this beautiful feature
of our wi-e and free system of Government—the
Federal Government, by/chartering a Bank of the
United Stale*, and the State Governments, by en-
acting proh'bi'ory laws against the employment of
i .dividual credit, and chattering a swarm of corpo-
rations, with privileges and monopolies denied to
private citizens—with the power to withdraw from
circula'ion the precious metals—to hoard them upl-
and to issue thereon a paper circulation, thatis near-
ly the exclusive exchangeable measure of value of
the labor and property of the entire country. Thus
conferring upon an an association of incorporated,
irresponsible bankers, who claim to be entrenched
behind their charters, and above and beyond the
reach of the will of the peoplr, the power—the ab-
solu'e power—to control the prices; thereby to
contiol the subject-matter, the trade, the labor,
the property, of the entire country. In obe-
dience to the promptings of caprice, contracting
the circulation, depreciating the prices of ail pro*
perty, and reducing the wages of labor; then,
again, according to the instinct of interest, expand-
ing the circulation, appreciating the prices of pro-
perty, with an uncertain and unstable value. As
one time, administering the intoxicating dreamt
of wealth and power; and then again reducing
the deluded followers to beggary and want.
Mr. Charman, are these ihe rights of property
that are secured to us by our system ot govern 
ment) Are these the equal rights achieved by and
guarantied to us by our gallant ancestry in the Re-
volution? Is this the freedom that is vouchsafed to
the American people by the Constitution?. No,
sir; if the Iramers of our Government divided its
powers into legislative, judicial, and executive de-
partments, between the Federal and State Govern*
ments, to avoid the concentration of power in the
hands of the few—if they absolved this people
from the entails, primogeniture, and the privileged
order of the Governments of the old world, in their
devotion to popular supremacy and popular righ a,
it was not to confer these privileges, ibis monopo-
ly, and this power, on a moneyed aristocracy, or a
legislative American nobility? No, sir! To th;s
condition was this fres people and country reduced
by unwise legislation—by a departure from the
Constitution. What ¿Aen was the course, the ac-
tion of the Democratic party—the party that em-
bosomed the principles of the people—that imper-
sonated the idea «f the age and our institutions?
To restore the Constitution, to return again to its
wisdom and virtue. This was the tendency and
the aim of the measures that marked and distin-
guished the administration of President Jackson.
The charter of the Bank of the United States was
doomed to expire, and the institution to close its ca-
reer. The standard of yalue of the precitos me-
tals, which had been debased, was reinstated and
restored. Mints were established, and furnished
with bullion "to coin money," and soppiy tWefrner
try with precious metals as a circulating^medttmv,
and the revenue power of the Federal Government
was employed to limit the circulation of notes by
t .e State banking institutions, and thus to enlarge
and increase the specie basis, and gradually to re-
store the country to a sound, uniform measure of
value. Is it the policy of the Republican party
which causes the alternate distress and prosperity to
which this country is so often subject? Is it this
policy of the present Administration that justly sub-
jects it to the charge of being the cause of Acs*
evils? No, sir; it is the departure from the frea*
fundamental principles of our Government, « i >
duotion of this powerful element, the ««, tit pe-
rilous employment of the paper system, «** •**
erls this fluctuating and destroying influence on me
fortunes of the country.
Now, sir, permit me to fortify this P"**  }*
the testimony of one who will be accredited by
nearly all who are opposed to this' °£M™5 * a
wh6,íril819, was *Wto^*¿*f*¿^uh
tee «Ho examine In  ^.*T^¿Z££££
the United States, with directions to report thereon.
