April, 1840.__________
£6th Conq««"1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Steenrod.
H. of Reps.
They whom ihe people had elected  to conduct
lire   affairs   of   this   Government   in    the   dis-
charge of iheir high public dunes, intimate that
the deportes of ihe Government are to be re-
moved from ihe Bank.   This arooses the ire and
awakens th* displeasure of the nine bankers  in
the city of Philadelphia.   T.iey pass the order,
and issue ihe belligerant fu'mma'ion; and  mark
the consequence on the welfare of the country—
the  rum and desolation.   The ra*«s of the ex-
changes  are  deranged  and increased, the notes
oí the State banks   are discredited and depre-
ciated, the S'ate institutions  are  put  under the
enactment   of   paying out their specie;   or  the
more ruinous requirement of meeting the balances
with drafts on the Atlantic cities; while, to complete
the cata-trophe, the contraction of the circulation
of nearly ten millions is ordered and effected in
less than four months!   This arrested the progress
and prosperity of the country, prostrated its trade
and commerce, suspended the steady and uniform
pursuits of industry, and brought all to that so-
lemn, deathlike pause, that was followed by sue
cessive failure on failure, extending and  multiply-
ing over the country, until our towns and cities
seemed to have been sacked, and our country pil-
laged with the ravages of a relentless and destruc-
tive foe.
What causes actuated this policy ? what pro-
duced this prsstration of the great interests of the
country ? The resolutions adapted by the Bank on
the 24th of September, and the report made to the
board thereon, recommend and adopt their policy,
"in consequence of the recent intimations that the
deposites of the Government are to be remced."
Oa the 11th of JaU, after the deposites had been
removed, and Congress had adjourned without or-
dering the deposites to be restored to the Bank, the
board of directors of the Bank adopted the follow-
ing orders:
1.  "That the instructions hitherto given for a reduction of the
amount of bills discounted atlhe Bank and the several offices
are hereby revolted; and that the line of bills discounted at the
several offices shall, until the further order of this board, remain
at its present amount
2.  "That if, in the judgment of the committee on the offices,
any particular office should require an increase of its line of
bills discounted, or domestic bi Is, or both, in order to relieve an
existing pressure upon the community m which such office is
situated, the committee is hereby authouzed to direct such in-
crease."
Those resolutions, abandoning the adopted po'i-
cy of the Bank, suggested by  the intimation that
tlie de Msites were to be removed—abandoned when
the deposites were removed, and Congress had re-
fused to order them to be restored—the reduction
of $3,320,000 of the loans and discounts in Janua-
ry; which the report alleges and admits "was not
in consequence of the removal of the deposite ,
but of other expected acts of hostility on the part of
the Executive," neither there specified no referred
to—the evident reduction of the loans and dis-
counts of the Bank to what was unnecessary for
the protection of the Bank, and unwarranted by the
interest of the stockholders—all tend to awaken
the suspicion of the presence of another active and
prevailing prtncple, above and beyond the protec-
tion of the chartered interest and rights ot the Bank.
What is this principle?   Let us examine further
this report of John Tyler—the report of a com-
mittee, the majority of which were the partisan
friends of the Bank.   Here the awakened suspi-
cions are strengthened by "confirmation strong as
proofs of Holy Writ."   Tn* presence of this prin-
ciple is deve'oped, tangibly and visibly, the princi-
ple that originated, guided, and concluded,  this
drama-like movement of the Bank.   Yes, sir, here
on the 421 and 45 pages of this report, and the
sevemh scene through which this extenuating com-
mittee has conducted us, is the open development
of the principle that induced this course of opera-
ration of the Bank: the Bank sought to usurp the
place of the people, and give direction to the Go-
vernment; to substitute its orders for the ballot box,
and make its iron will supreme over the constituted
authorities of the country.    And here were the
weapons by which th,s direct warfare was to be
earned on; by which it was to acquire its supre-
macy oyer the country, not only by harassing the
people into a compliance to it, but by pension-
ing the public press, and  securing seats to its
favorites on this floor.   Where, then, is this evi-
dence, and what does the report say? That
the Bank made loans to members of this House,
or other publ c functionaries, upon security
wh ch was insufficient; or, that it made volun-
tary donations of its funds to the members of Con-
gress; or, that it had greatly multiplied its loans,
and bestowed its favors on public men or par-
tisan presses, pending political agitations, which
¡involved in their results the existence of the Bank
itsell ? No! Who would expect these loyal friend 
of the Bank to report ihi>? But they report
these startling facts: that, in the year 1834, fifty-
two members of Congress were indebted to the
Bank in the small sum of #238,586! These were
the impartial judges who were to decide on the
rights of this institution, and honestly represent
the people of th's country on the question that then
divided the Bank and the people—the great ques-
tion, the result of which involved the existence of
the Bank and the liberties of the people. This re-
port not only shows that fifty-two members of Con-
gress were indebted to the institut.on in the sera of
$238,586, but it reports the expenditure of the Bank
as an open and avowed advocate in elections. The
report says:
"The committee cannot leave this subject without express-
ing their decided opinion of the impolicy of the course pursued
by the directors m having thus increased the expenses of the
institution in the printing and distributing the speeches and
many of the pamphlets and documents which are mentioned
in the vouchers. The expense is believed to have been unne-
cessarily incurred It would have been more judicious and
wise to have left these publications to, reach the country through
the ordinary channels of communication. There would have
existed no backwardness in the public press, or on the part of
individuals, to spread information before the people, while its
own attitude would have lost nothing m public estimation by
the practice of more reserve
"The augmented amount of expenditure in the years 1832 and
1834, over the preceding and intermediate years, taken In con-
nection with the circnmstance that, during those two years, im-
portant elections were to take place, subject it to the charge,
whether well or ill founded, the Señale will determine, of a di-
rect interference in elections, from which it should have most
cautiously abstained, even in appearance."
Mr. Chairman, wh°n it was rendered evident
that the iron purpose of the President would re-
main unshaken and unmoved, above the price and
beyond the power of the Bank; when its money
bad been wasted in vain on the virtue of our peo-
ple; they had breasted the devastation, and the
country had passed through its severe ordeal of
distress and pillage; when this proud and powerful
institution had been thus foiled in its aim of supre-
macy over the counfy, and in it- treasonable pur-
poses against the Government, it then issues its
last order of relief, assumes the fiduciary character
of regulating the currency, and relieving the dis-
tress of our people; and seeks to commend itself to
the favor of an injured community by whispering
that the curtailment of its loans and discounts, and
the derangement of the exchanges, were caused by
acs of Executive hostility.
This Bank policy and power is now secretly and
powerfully at work in the country to perpetuate
the abuses and effect the purposes which are de-
veloped in this report.
The appeal is made in this hall, to the people,
to put down this Administration as the author of
the derangement in the currtney and the pecuniary
distress in the country, and to instal in the Presi-
dency a Baste candidate, as a panacea for these
great evils.
The report I hold in my hand, from the Treasu-
ry Department, conclusively and incontestably
proves the banks and the bankers to be guilty of
what is here charg d upon the Administratis. In
1839, the banks had in circulation $135,170,995;
at the present time, 1840, they have $106,968,572,
showing a reduction in the circulation of the banks
of $28,000,000. All will admit that the ineviiable
consequence of this curtailment of the currency,
is a reduction of the prices of property, the
wages of labor, and the pecuniary distress of the
country. This, then, is sufficient tor my purpose,
to show the contraction in the circulation of the
banks, and it is for the banks to demonstrate to_tbe
public that this is no inherent defect in the system.
And, lest some sapient politician should charge this
operation of ihe banks to the Administration, permit
me here to add, that, during the past year, the note*
of the specie-paying banks have been received for
the public dues, and a large portion of the public
moneys have been deposited in the banks, because
no laws have, as yet, been enacted by Congress,
ordering the public moneys to be otherwise depo-
sited.
If the Administration was, then, to be driven
from place, was to fall under the displeasure
of the people, by groundless accusations like
these, will not these gentlemen (with this concia.
si ve proof fixing those charges on the banks) ex-
claim, "Put down these institutions!" Will not the
culpability of these corporations be visited with the
same disapprobation that was avowed against the
Administration? No ! the President of the people
may be overwhelmed with charges like these; but
fix the guilt on the banks. Then all is to be
silenced under Ihe persuasion of the great utility of
the " paper system," and the accredited infallibili-
ty of bankers.
I have here, sir, a report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, made to the Senate on the 26th of Feb-
ruary, 1838, transmitting statements of the rates of
exchange and prices of bank notes at different
periods. From that report, I quote the prices
of bank notes at Philadelphia in the years
1827 and 1836: in the year 1827, for the
Bank of the United States was then in the plen-
itude of its power; and the year 1836, for then the
State banks were in full and successful operation.
What, sir, does this evidence incontestably prove?
with what character does it impress these regu-
lators of the exchanges and currencj?
The following is the table:
A table showing the highest and lowest price of hank
notes at Philadelphia, in the year 1827 and 1836.
Banks op
Maine    -
New Hampshire
Vermont
Massachusetts -
Rhode Island   •
Connecticut
New York city -
New York, country
Philadelphia    -
Other Pennsylvania
New Jersey
Delaware
Baltimore
Other Maryland
District of Columbia
Virginia
Western Virginia
North Carolina
South Carolina
Georgia -
Florida -
Alabama
Louisiana
Mississippi
Tennessee
Missouri
Illinois -
Indiana -
Kentucky
Ohio     -
Michigan
Canada -
During the ex-|
istence ef the
United States!
Bank, 1827.
Under tMOtate
bank system,
1836.
2J to 1J d.
21 to 1 d.
2£ to 1 d.
lto2£al d.
2told.
IJtold.
par
1 to3d.
standard
par to 1 d.
par to 2 a 1 d.
par to l}d.
i d. to par
4 to id.
ítofd.
itnUd.
3 to 4 d-
3 to 5Í d.
f to l| d.
3to2d.
10 to 25 d.
5to4d.
6d.
7 to 10 d.
30 to 40 d.
4 to 6 d.
10 to 3d.
6 to 5 d.
1 to f a I d.
1 to I a 1 d.
1 to | a 1 d.
1 to | a 1 d.
Itolald.
1 tojald.
par to id.
I to lid-
standard
par to 2J d.
par to 1 d. '
iar to I d.
to id.
told.
i to 1 d.
1 to lid.
I* to 2i d.
2to3d.
2 to 3d.
2to3d.
no salt .
3to7d.
Si to 6 d.
3to6d-
3to6d.
no sale
1 3to5d.
! 3 to 31 d.
I 2to3d.
1 2to3d.
2to3d.
2to4id.
The notes of the banks of the six New England
States, at Philadelphia, in 1827, under the existence
of the Bank of the United States, ranged from one
to two and a half per cent, d seount. The notes of
the same banks, at Philadelphia, in 1836, during
the operation of State banks, ranged from three-
fourths to one per cent discount. The notes of the
banks of Virginia, Maryland, North  nd South
Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Louisiana, and Mir-
sissippi,*at Philadelphia, in 1827, during the exis'-
ence of the Bank of the United States, ranged
from on? fourth to twenty-five per cent, discount.
The banks of the same States, at the same place, in
1836, ranged from one-half to seven per cent, dis-
count. The notes of the banks of Tennessee, Ken-
tucky, Ohio, and Michigan, at Philadelphia, in
1827, ranged from three to forty percent, discount.
The State banks of the same States, at the «me
place, in 1836, ranged from two to six per cent,
discount. What then, sir, doe  this table conclu-
sively prove and show? that the State institutions
have conducted the exchanges of the country on
more favorable and better terms than the Bank ot
the United Sutes, at the period here referred to.
If they have, then, on other occasions, conducted
ihe exchanges of the country on these favorable
terms, at reasonable rates, rates equivatant and
corresponding to the cost of transporting from one
