404
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Co«\g«-««1st S¿>s.
rfppropria'ion Bill—Mr. Steenrod.
April,   184Ü.
H. of Reps.
point 11 ano'her, thi- conclusively *how-, «he ability
vt the Siats nstitut on-, thus successfully to con-
dust the exchanges. II these institutions are char-
tered and created for this and o her public pur-
pose*, the> are answerable for the prevent unprece-
dented derangement in the excharges, and for their
present high and unwarranted exactions and rate^
lor that abuse of the system, by which they tail to
discharge their public trust and meet the public ex-
igencies
These proud American bankers, who are en-
compi'sed around with th?ir exclusive privileges,
enth'oned on their chartered monopoly, in the sa-
preme enjoyment  ot   their   unlawful gains, and
whose heatt'ess policy is  extorting the profit- of
trade and the earmngi of industry, are the cne«¡ who
go out with their accustomed complacency and un-
blushing  effrontery, into the publ c placs, and tell
the peop'e that these   ills are the consequences of
the unwise  policy ot the present  Administration.
Has the Administration abstr..c'ed  from circula-
tion the prrcious metals-, sunk them  in the dark
recesses and subterranean vaults, and issued thereon
a paper currency that wa  too base to circulate,
and to subtile to hoard up?    Has the Administra-
tion assumed the high trust of regulating the cur-
rency of the States of tSis great Union; then, in a
huckstering sprit of  gain, with the  legerdemain
of games ers, debasing  the currency and derang-
ing the exchanges?    Has the Administration at
one t;me extended facihties for the enlargement oí
the circulating medium, raised the prices of pro-
perty, and tbe wages of lab.>r, and  then, without
any sufficient caose, curtailed tho^e facilities, and
invo'ved the whole country in one commoa dis- 11
tres.-?    Has the Administration colicc ed laige re-
venues of the people m gold and silver a' ihe time
ot great public ristres ,   exponed it   abroad   to
meet fore ga engagement*, whi'e it sought lrgis-   ^
lative exemption liom home and domestic respon-
sibilities?   No, sir.   These are the misdemeanors
that the Amercan bankers have been again and |
again coavieted of befoie the peop'e; and s'ill these
are the ones who aie now charging the offences, of
which they alone are culpab'e, upon the Adminis-
tration '   Then, why u this? what i  the design of
these keen Crce uslike money changers?   Is  it to
elect a man to the Presidency because he is a mili-
tary chieftain'    I- it to elect a  m in to the Presi-
dency because he is the candida'e of th  virtuous
and laborious jeomanry ot  the log cabm? or is the
bank power openily in the  polit c l  held, with its
candidate?   L«>t us look a*  thi- , and iee what the
past, like a iaiihful monitor, untolds to u-.
When  the  popu'ar parly  in  this country, on
ano her occasion, united their suppoitol a military
candidate  fur  the Presidenry, and opposed that
candidate to an Administration that had come into
power agains' the express  will  ol the people, and
whose continuance in power mas, of conr-e, a dis-
paragement to popular rights—in th's struggle be-
tween power and liberty, of life and death—in this
popular effort to restore the rights of man and De-
mocratic freedom, and put down an Administration
that was not only a u<urpation, but whsse continu-
ance in place was a bold and reckless defiance to
popular supremacy, by what arguments were th?
people  then opposed?   what language  was then
whimpered in their ears? how then  were iheir ap-
prehensions to be wrought on to allay ihe increas-
ing indignation, and to a'ienate them from their
beloved principles?   The people wrre then told by
one with authority in the land, that "the candidate,
however illustrious and mcces-ful he may be, must
present some other tule than laurels, however glo-
riously gathered on the blood-statned field," that it
was better to "visit our favored land with wars,
with pestilence, and with famine, with any aeourge
other than military role, ora blind and heedless en-
thusia*m foi mere military renown;" that, a* "a
friend o{ liberty and the permanence of our institu-
tions, he could not consent, at that early stage of
their exigence, by contributing to the election of a
nvhtary chieftain."    These,  then, were tbe patri-
otic declamations of the day, worthy to be pro-
claimed from the proud rallying points of ihe par-
ty by the commandant, whose accustomed orders
never failed to precipitate his marshalled forces to
any obc singk point.   These principles were re-
corded in  the deca'ogoe ol the patty—they  were
their stttleJ principles ot act on
At a meeting held at the cap tal of my rwn S'a'e
by the citizens of Ruhmnnd in 1827, to express
their disapprobation of the election of ft n ralJack-
son to the Presidency, the meeting sai<-.
"In the geneial constitution ol things the imhtaiy pimciplc
seemed de-ipnedby lite to be the nuconcilt ible loe a nil de
stroyerot hbeily The liberties ol (.reecc lull before Alexan-
der, tho-e ol R'iine bilore  y la and t ie di, ol bnsland beloie
Cromwell, ol Fiance befoie Bonapctitt V hy, lello  citueus,
should be not profit by the example ol thost ctli.br if 1 itnlortu
n-iteStatesI Why shou d we, by the elui mu i ol a utizm as
curruler, who&e Uannsaie deu\ed exclusively b\ tue s  ml,
sanction ttie principle that miliary is ireater t! ar civil mem?"
What, sir, do we now «unes-? What thange
came oVr the spirit of the dream? At the Na'ion-
al Convention recertly held by thiss-ime heretofore
anti-military party, for the purpose of nominating
a candidste for President and Vice Pres dent, two
out of tne three candidates present'J befoie this
convention for nomination weie men whose c'aims
were founded exclusively on their military ten ices;
and one of these was the nominee, an 1 is now the
cmd díte, o''this party for President. How does
lhi> heretofore anti-military party receive this no-
mination? With their former (ears and distrust of
a military ch efiain? with their former shadowy ap-
prehensions as to mi nary rule? No, sir. Every
Federal Whig journal, from the Aro s'ook to the
Sabine, raises the mili ary chieftain's blazjnty, and
wings forth, to an adm r ng and enthusiasiic party,
the praises of the military candidate f«r Pre-ident;
while here, the partisan statesman review.^ t c or-
ders ol the commandant, the l,ne o' march, the
force , t"3e tent, and the li 11, to prove their camó-
date to be a mi h'ary chiel'ain ot unblu-hing fame
ar.d pre-eminent renown. The cava' aJe <i jour
proud merchin's and r.ch bankers t iic'rens on ¡he
view ot the observer, ciowd  the field of engpge-
ment; and, with the innumerable crowd of their
liveried clerks, th"ir court like placemen and depen-
dant*, swell ihe retinue, and extends the long lines
of the followers of the military chi°f'3i j.
Why have these prond and amb.ti >uscn°s been
brought to support and fol.ovv a mil'Ury chieftain
as their candidate, to enter their public and humi-
liating recantation of iheir former avowed patty
principles? Did the late illustrious Administration
i of General Jackson, in its ímnlacable hostility to
undue power, privilege and monopoly, propitiate
thuparty ti thesupport o' a military chieftain? No,
sir. Before th¿ influercr of popu'ar rignts, they
had been made to iiemb'e in their stronghold-  of
wealth and powei,a wakened to a seiiss of the insecu-
rity of a continuance of the'r privileg  and monopoly
They have been taught that they must look beyond
their charters for a conunuaiicc of iheir power, and
to ihe people as the great arb ters and s-ivereigns of
the aje. And while, as men, they have at last
been brought to acknow*e-lge the pji ucal equality
of man, as culpriis they have been made alike to
court and fear the omnipotence of the popular will.
In this great metropolis, your proud meichants
and rich bankers, fresh from the,r palaces, clothed
with their char e.ed privileges, and gorgeous vri h
the inherent hauteur and costly equipage of their
ordei, have paraded through the s'roets the lo¿
cabi"; and, in the.i midn ght icvcliy, drank the
hard cider, under the delusive behit ihat such un-
accustomed condecceiis on in them a  to taste th s
homely beverage and pay this apparent íesprct to
the humble abodes ot our yeomanr/, would co-n-
mand their «uppnt for ¡hen canlidate, and induce
this ga'lant -\eomanry to bel-eve tl at th" cindiJates
of that party impersonated their humble viriue«.
How vam i  all inn pageantry and show! how
fruitless will piove their efforts to thus impose on
this people' What' G neral W. II. Hainson
and Governor Tyler impersonate the principles ot
this people! General Harrison, who, in the Le-
gislature of Ohio, voied for a law requiring the sale
of poor men, "for th* non-payment of a fine and
cost, as a servant;" and which authored to bs
instituted, between such purchaser and prisoner,
the relation of master and servan'; and John Ty-
ler, who, in the Virginia Convention, voted for a
law placing the rights of property above the rights
of person?, denied to the "housekeepers and heads
of families" of the log cabin the dearest rights of
freemen—the  right  of suffrage.   These are  the
candidates who are paraded before the country as
the log cabin candidates. Whi'e the ntne hundred
bank-*, wth their stockholders, officers, and depen-
ds t , as paru-ans of these candid ites, are openly,
in the political field, struggling for the maintenance
of ihe privilege and monop ily of ihe paper system,
the control of the Slate and Federal Governments,
the use of the revenues of the Government to bank
upon; while they are supporting these candidates
for privilege against right, for piwer over liberty,
the people are to be hoolwinkea, and support this
candidate lor his military ferv cirs as the candidate
of the log cab.n.
Here is the secret of th s newborn love for the
military chieftain and log-cabin candidate by those
bankers Theve are the candidates who have sus-
tained ihe rights of property as paramount to tbe
rights of persons; the candidates whose pnncip'es
are to be found in the rich jewelled coffers of the
bankers, and not in the humble abodes of the log-
cabin. Thps°, then, are the candidate* whom this
peop'e are called to support.
Who her • is so credulous as to believe that they
could be induced to do th-s; to venture on this pe-
rilous course; to not only abandon but assist m
overthrowing an Administration which had been
brought into power by their voice and suffrage;
which had been true and constant to the public in-
terest; which had been dis'mgurshed for itj strict
and unflinching support of popular rights; which
had peu'led its existence, its all, in defence of the
rights of the peop'e and the country, against the
organized warfare of an overgrown moneyed pow-
er, aiming at supremacy over the peoph and the
constituted authorities of the land? This p\tri-
ot c, gallant, and ju u people, ¿bindon an Admi ni-
tration like this! And for what? To commit the
guidance of their public affairs to an unknown
hand, to venture upon an uncettain sea, where all
is involved in one unpenetrable night, in a silent
an I forbidden my tery? For General Harrison'*
confidential committee have *aid, in a letter to the
public, "Ihe policy is, that the General make no
further declaration ol his principles for the public
while OQCtipymg bis present position "
A people who have been educatad in a school
which was founded on the principles of a free,
open, dayhzht proceeding; whose love of right and
liberty had been quickened by the luminous emis-
sion of light lrom the free and open legislation and
adjudication of our form of Government—a people
who had been taught to believe that the freedom of
fpeech and of the press secured the right to discuss
the claims of candidates foi public places.in the
newspapers ana on the hustings, and that these
were the elements ot our freedom, the pre-eminent
constituents ot our system of Government; that
they were established by our Revolutionary father?
as the highest prerogative of every American citi-
zen, as the safest bulwark of freedom, are now
told, in this age and country, that they are to be
hoodwinked, and that one who is a candidate be-
fore them for their suffrages for the highest office
within iheir gift, declines to make any further "de-
claraMon of his principle" for the public while oc-
cupying his present position."
What should every American freeman respond
t) thi ? Perish the piper that would invade this
time honored usage of our country; reproach theone
that would dare to destroy it; and tell the General's
confidential commit'ee th¡ t all Ihat can commend
any public man to high and favorable consideration
in mii ag-, f re principles which, like our own be-
loved freedom, invites discussion, eagle like, bask
in the public eye, and rise above all seipent-like
concealment.
All, then, that we are permitted to know of the
opinions and principles of General Harrison, is
what we may be able to learn and to collect from
his past life. How inconclusive is this means of
information to the public, and how opposing and
irreconcileable are the opinions of the candidates of
this party with each other on all the great ques-
tions which have divided the two great political
schools in this country ! On the subject of a Na-
tional Bank, domestic slavery, tariff', ihe doctrines
of the proclamation, internal improvement by the
General Government, General Harrison and
John Tyler, the candidates for President and Vice
