April, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
86th Cono......1st Suss.
Appropriation Bill—Air. Atherton.
3=
H. of Reps.
-ftwiáentv-stand «eoMMKed before the country with
opposing principles, acd antagonistic*! opinions on
Otase measores, of so much moment to the people,
and which have so long divided the two great par-
ties under this Government. If this be so, who,
then, can ttll what are the principles of this party,
what the measures which will distinguish their Ad-
ministration? None; if the opinions I now read
be the opinions of ihese candidates.
General Harrison, in reply to the letter of Sher-
rod Williams, said:
"The question, then, for m« lo answer ¡a, whellier, under the
cktnnjunces yon state, if elected lo the office of Piesldent, I
«•old u£n m act t0 charter another Bank. I answer, / would,
if it were clearly ascertained that the public interest, in rela-
tion to the collection and disbursement of the revenue, would
materially suffer without one, and there were unequivocal
manifestation! of public opinion in uslavor."
Gov. Tyler said, in a speech delivered in the
House of Representatives on the discussion of ihe
report made in legation to the Bank of the Uni'ed
State*, in 1819:
" Inatmuch as / believe the creation of this corpot ation to
be unconstitutional, 1 cannot, without violation ol my oath, he-
ñíate to repair this breach thus trade in the Constitution, when
an opportunity presenta itsel f of doing so, without violating the
nubiic faith. Believing, also, that it is expedient to put it
down."
Gen. Harri'on, in his speech at Cheviot, on the
4th of July, 1833, says:
' " Should I be asked if there is no way by which the General
Government can aid the cause of emancipation, I answer that
Jt has long been an object near my heart to see the tehole of its
¡urpkis revenue appropriated to that object. With the sanc-
tion of the States holding the slaves, there appears lo me to be
«o constitutional objection to its being tints applied, em
bracing not only the colonization of those that may be other-
wise fried, but the purchase of the freedom of others "
Gov. Tyler, in his report on Slavery in the D.s-
triet of Columbia, fays:
" So far as the question ol slavery exists in the several States,
the committee abstain from any remark. It is a question to be
decided by each, severally, and for itself. Over it Congress has
no control. The plain recognitions of the fundamental law on
which the Union rests, should place it Inrever at repose. To
discuss it in Congress, or to agitate it in the States where it does
not exist, produces no good, can he followed up by no act, and
serves no other purpose than to irritate the public mind."
General Harr.son is the advocate of a protec-
tive tariff. He not only uniformly voted for it in
Congress, bat, in al.'iubn to a remark made by
Mr. Garnett, that the effects of the political quacke-
ry of the tariff " had been to cover the streets of
Norfolk with grass," General Harrison, after in-
sisting on the benefits of the tariff, added:
"It may he asked whether, under any circumstances, 1
would be willing to abandon the tariff. I anawer, without any
hesitation, In the affirmative. Whenever the streets of Norfolk
and Charleston shall he covered with grass, and our Southern
imada find no market for their produce, and this state of things
can be distinctly traced to the tariff, I would then instantly give
ray voice for its modification or entire repeal; even if I should
still think that its continuance would be beneficial to a majority
of the American people."
Governor Tyler not only uniformly voted against
a protective tariff, but in a speech delivered in
Gloucester county, Virginia, in the year 1833, re-
ferring to his course as one of the Senators of Vir-
ginia on the proclamation, siys:
"The tine of my conduct as the Representative of a S>ate
that had twice pronounced, in a solemn form, the tariff laws to
be unconstitutional, was, accoiding to my conception, clearly
marked out. Tu the demand for swords and bayonets, and can-
non and muskets, and armed men, to collect an unjust and t/ -
constitutional tax, I had but one reply- do justice; repeal or
modify your obnoxious laws, yield to the wishes of the whole
South; do that for South Carolina and the other Southern
States which England has refused lo do for Ireland; repeal your
tythe system, imposed not for the benefit of the parson, but the
manufacturer. - ' -* The war-cry was in the breeze, and an
unjust and unconstitutional and oppressive system was to be
cemented and strengthened by the blood of freemen, and the de-
struction of a State."
General Harrison favored the doctrkes of Ihe
proclamation, as deftnded by Daniel Webster. He
said:
"I recommend to you, however, the proclamation of the Pre-
sident of the United States, issued on the 10th December last,
«ltd therpeechesof Mr. Webster, delivered in the Senate of the
United States, at the last session ol Congress, in answer to the
arguments of Mr. Calhoun, as containing the most eloquent and
satisfactory exposition of those principles that have recently
beenJpuWished. By issuing that proclamation, I think Gene-
tal Jackson has rendered service to his country of greater mag
nitude than hlssplendid victory atNew Orleans."
"" <3overnor Tyler, at a public entertainment given
to nim in Gloucester county, Virginia, in 1833, on
being" toasted, pronounced an arder t State Rights
andanti-proclamaton speech.   He said:
"The «lien and seiluion laws are universally held as odious;
arflyei what were they in comparison with this? Some four or
- $i*eic"1I*ns were imprisoned, and lawlessly and unconstitution-
ajy imprisoned, under the perversion of a single clause m the
Constitution. But this felt doctrine changes the whole instru-
J*****! *W¡" ••■«mire character, and turns to scorn the resolu-
tions of (his State, adopted in 1798, '99, threatens con' o'idation,
and employs the win}, i ayai snd milita-y force of the country
>P accomplish, u.                                -1                             '
General Harr istm is the advocate of a sys'.em of
internal improvement by the Federal Government,
and affirms the constitutional power lo accomplish
ihe same.
To sustain this fact, (which I nave never heard
denied by any one,) I beg leave to refer you to his
voles upon that subject, upon certain resolutions
introduced into Congress in 1818:
"1st resolution. That Congress has power, under the Con
slitution, to appropriat' money for the construction of pos
roads, military and other roads, and of canals, and for the im-
provementof water courses " (Upon this resolution, the vote
stood—ayes "1, noes S3, General Harrison voting in theamrma-
tive 1
"fid resolution. That Congress has power, under the Consti-
tution, to conshiicl post toads and military roads, provided
that private property be not taken for public uses, wiinoiitjust
compensation " [Upon this resolution the vote stood—ayes
82, noes fc4, General Harrison voting in the affirmative.]
"3d resoiuwn '1 hat Congress haw power, under the Constitu-
tion , lo cons nut roads and canals necessary for commerce be-
tween the Statfs, provided that private properly be not taken
for public uses, without jihi compensation." (Upon this reso-
lution the vote stood—ayes 71, noes 85, General Harrison voting
in theafliiinative 1
"4th leiolution. That Congress has power, under Ihe Con-
stitution, to construct canals for military purposes, provided
that no private properly be taken for any such purpose, with-
out just compensation hem  made theielor." [Upon this reso-
lution the vole stood—ayes HI, noes 83, General Harrison still
voting in the affirmative ]
Mr. T}ler, on ihe 15ih of May, 1830, when the
subscript on of«stock in the Maysville turnpike
road was under consideiation in the Senate, said:
' I was in thai Congress which was tlie first to enter gravely
into the discussion ol the constitutional power of this Govern-
ment to make roads and canals. I then attentively weighed all
that was urged by the advocates of the system—if system that
may be called which is now—and my decision was against
them. Every subsequent reflection has confirmed the opinion
then expressed, and ihe experience of the last six years has sa-
tisfied me that, in its exercise, all that is dear, and should be
considered earred in our institutions, is put to hazard Expe-
rience is the parent ol true wisdom, and the lishts which she
has furnished upon this subject, ought to be bright enough to
conduct our footsteps back to the path from which we nave
strayed. Can any man say in what this syntrm is to end? For
merly, it was held to be national I have no such words in my
political vocabulaiy It ism vain that gentlemen represent to
me the benefits of the system. It is in vain I am told of its being
a harmless policy. Show me the grant in the Constitution m
plain terms, not extorted by a forced interpretation; and not
until then will I listen to yon."
General Harrison supported the administrations
of the elder and younger Adams. Governor Tyler
opposed both.
These, then, arc the principles of the nominees
of the Harnsburg Convention, the candidates of the
Whig party, constituted to be alike acceptable to
tariff and anti-tariff, internal improvement and anii-
intarnat improvement, Bank and and anti Bank,
slavery and anti-slavery n.en, framed with candi-
dates who will be acceptable to the blue light Fede-
ralist or the renegade Republican, ready and willing
to adopt any expedient at ihe sacrifice of any prin
ciple that will conduct them to office, and to exptl
from place an Aduvnistrat.on that exists by the
will of the people, and which is founded on the
acknowledgment of popular rights and Democratic
freedom. After General Harrison had supported
and favored a protective tariff, a system of internal
improvement by the Federal Government, the
Webster exposition of the proclamation, and all
those high toned Federal measures which we have
been taught, in Virginia, to believe were danger-
ous to public libtny; af er he had supported ihe ad-
ministration of ihe elder and jounger Adams, all
and each of which Governor Tyler had opdosed,
as advene to the spirit of our frte institutions and
the public good, what now do we witness? Go-
vernor Tyler not only placeJ on the same ticket
wiih General Harrison, but, in his letter accepting
of the nomination, attempting to smuggle him into
the Presidency, to cheat the people, by endorsing
him as a Republican, and to impose him on his
fellow-citizens as one of the followers of Jefferson.
I rejoice ihat it is the acknowledged piivilege of
the American people to pass upon the claims of
these men. I cong'atulate my counirymen that it
is their prerogative to ccnttol and de'ermine the
principles which shall distinguish and mark the
destiny of our common country. If their gallant
ancestry passed through the fire and smoke of bat-
tle,'the want and dis'ress of the Revolution, in re-
sistance to a twopence tax on tea, because it was
in disparagement of popular supremacy, can it be
supposed that they will tamely submit to theextor-
lions and oppressions of an irresponsible associa-
tion of bankers and brokers; that ihey will give
continuance to their power, by electing their candi-
date? to the hi^hot ornees within the gift of a free
people? No! ¿\iver. They will cling to the prin-
ciples that were canonize by the blood of their
fathers, that are sanctified by the divine presence
of frte Jora.
SPEECH OF MR. ATHERTON,
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,
fit the House of Repreientalives, JlprÜ 23 and 24,
1840—In Commi'tee of the Whole; on the state
of ihe Union, on the bill lo provide for the evil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government.
Mr. ATHERTON sail: Mr. Chairman, with ih 
permission of the committee, it is my design u
trouble them with a few susgenions which may
not, I trus', be considered entirely inapplicable tu
the bill under consideration. Although the range
of debate wheh has bcen suffered would wm to
admit the introduction of almost any topic, much
of what 1 shall have to say will so far be onnected
wiih the subject before us, as lo relate to the expen-
ditures of the Govt rumen', and the denunciations
indulged in by gentlemen of ihe Opposition, con-
cerning office holders and Executive patronage. It
is my intention, also, to allude in this connecuon t >
some of the principles wbkh distinguished the gr. at
contending parties of the country. In the early
stage of this debate, attempts were made to com-
pare the ordiaary expenses of this and of the late
Adminis'rations, duadvantageously With those of
odier Administrations. These a'tacks were me',
and most ably and triumphantly repelled by my
friend, the chairman of the Committee ofWa^s
and Means. The gentleman from North Carolina,
[General McKay,] who has to-day addressed the
committee, has a'so shown how much, during this
and the late Administrations, the burdens on the
people have been diminished. Nothing that I
could pretend to urge, could add any thing to the
force of ihe views introduced by them. When I
come to speak directly on the subject of expendi-
tures, I will, therefore, endeavor to view it in
another aspect.
First, however, permit me to notice some re-
marks which have been made by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Saltonstam..] That
gentleman, replying to that part of the speech of
his colleague which showed him to have been onejrf
the members of the Massachusetts Legislature,
which got up the Hattford Convention, and pne
of the comnvitee which recommended that con-
vention, staled that in 1823 or 1824,  he Federal
party was disbanded in Massachusetts. And he
went on to say that then there was no funher ne-
cessity for keeping the party together; that while
Napoleon was proceeding on his career of conqueM
there was much ground of alarm; but that after
the battle of Waterloo, and the triumph of British
arms, the reasons for keeping op the old parlies
ceased. Now, sir, I beg to be understood that I
have a high personal respect for the gentleman
from Massachusetts. I accord to my political op-
ponents on this floor credit for the same honesty
of intention which I claim for myself; and notwith-
standing the expression in the firs) part of the
gentleman's speech «f his design to disappoint
his colleague, who might, perhaps, expect him to
go into a defence of the Hartford Convention, by
'■taking a course which would defend himself and his
political friends," I cn'd not but respect the
manly feel.'ng which a'terwards prompted him,
disregarding all considera'ions of expediency, to
pronounce that convention innocent in its inten-
tion, and to vindicate the associaies with whom he
had acted, and the principles he hailongcherMied.
But dee* not the gentleman recollect that in 1923
there wan one of the mrst violent conteos wmeh
ever took place in Massachusetts, and in which
the line between the Federal and Democratic par-
ties was most clearly defined—that between Eustj
andOti-? It is true the Fedeialists were defeated
in that strusgle, and it may not have been for tteir
interest since to keep up *• """"¿.ftí^..!^
what objects, to what purpose- ^^¿"P™
Was there nopiinctple involved?  Along «me bad
