406
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April,  1840.
26th Cong-•••1st. Sess.
Appropriation Dill—Mr. Ather ton.
H. of Reps.
ral party. Was it British influence, and regard
for British success, that alone could keep together
that patty? Does he not (involuntarily, no doubt)
do injustice to his friends They had, and still
htve, principles in relation to Government for
which to contend. In those principles I never
have agreed with them, and never shall; but I am
far from believing that those principles, prepos-
sessions, and feelings, or even the prejudices grow-
ing out of them, CDuld be at once eradicated from
the human bosom. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts who sp >ke yesterday, [Mr. Reed,] has
referred to a remark of a French philosopher, "that
names are things." In this I cannot concur, so far
as to admit that, by changing names alone, things
can be changed. Mr. Jefferson's authority is
sometimes referred to here, even by gentlemen of
the Opposition. In a letter to Mr. Living ton, da-
ted April 4, 1824, he say;-: "You will find, I sup-
pose, on revisiting our maritime States, the names
of thicgs more changed than the things themselves;
ihat, though our old opponents have given up their
appellation, they hive not, in assuming ours,
abandoned their views, and that they are as string
nearly as they evr were." In Tucker's Life of
Jefferson, it is «aid that in a letter to Mr. Giles,
written in 1325, a(Vr the first message of Mr.
Adams, "he suggests that, though the course of
attack r.f the Federal party is now changed, the
principles remain the same." They now look "to
a single and splendid Government of an aristocra-
cy founded on banks and other moneyed corpora-
tions, wh ch would be to them the next best blessing
to the monarchy of their hVst aim, and perhaps the
surest stepping ¡-tone to it." To te t the que<tion
whether the principles and feelings of the Federal
party were, all at one*, so wonderfully abandoned,
let us recur to what Benjamin Russell, the veteran
Editor of the Columbian Sentinel, said on the oc-
casion of the defeat of Mr. Livingston of Louisi-
ana, as candidate for Congress during the time, I
believe, of the administration of the younger
Adams. Though I have not seen the extract for
some years, 1 think I can quote it correctly in
substance. It was to the following effect: "Long
Ned, as Cobbett used to call Livingston, is un-
doubtedly consigned to the tomb of a'l the Capu-
lets. Ii may seem ungenerous immodera'ely to
exult in the fall of the man, but when we reflect
that he is an old sinner, and that he is receiving
punishment for the backslidings of thirty years, we
may safely say he falls 'unwept, nnhonorcd.' "
And I could not but notice that the gentleman
from Massachusetts advanced the idea that "a
Federalist turned Democrat was the worst of all"
politician . So, sir, it does, after all, require
something of a change to make a Democrat out of
a Federalist. Nor did this seem very consistent
wi'h another idea, advanced both by the gentleman
and his colleague, that the principal measures of
General Jackson's administration were so ultra-
Federal that even Hamilton and John Adams
would not have dared to approve them. Thus
it wonld appear that, when a man ceares to be a
Federalist and turns Democrat, he becomes more
Federal than John Adams and Hamilton them-
sttves! This is what I cannot precisely compre-
hend.
Among ssveral other distinguished members of
the Federal parly alluded to by him, the gentleman
from Massachusetts paid a feeling tribute to the
moral worth of Mr. William  Sullivan, in which
I certainly have no occasion to differ from him.
But to show that every thing like party was done
away after the period referred to by him, he went
on to say that Mr. Sullivan "retired from  public
life, and devoted himself to the human race," m pre-
paring for the instruction of the young such books
as the Political Class Book and  the Moral Class
Bjok.   Without stopping to inquire whether the
tendency of these books may not be to instil into
the tender mind what many of us would consider
erroneous views of popular principles and public
men—there is another production cf Mr. Sulli-
van to which the gentleman forgot to advert.   I re-
fer to a work of his written as late as 1834, entitled
Familiar Letters on Public Characters, from which
I beg leave to read a few extracts.    la  this work
Mr. Sullivan, says that "Jefferson has by his ex-
ample and opinions done more than any other
man to mislead and pervert his fellow citi-
zen*-," He aUo says, "On this dav, March 20,
1834, there is not the least doubt that a laige ma-
jority of the Amercan people are di'-gusiel and
astonish°d by the usurpations of Andrew Jackson "
He sneeringly calls Andrew Jackson the "^nuíii"
man of Ihe people,'''' and speaks of h;m as bav.ng a
"head and heart not better than Thomas J-ffer.v n
had, but freed from the inconveniences of that gen-
tleman's constitutional tituidiiy." In endeavoring
to rouse the public against this Andrew Jackson,
who has a "head and heart not bet'er than Thomas
Jefferson had," he fuithT says: '"We have a for-
midable adversary to contend wuh—ihe President,
Vice-Prei-ident, the cabinet proper, and the cabinet
improper." For the sojree of this latter epithet,
which s marked as a quo.a'ion, an asterisk refers
us to the bottom of the pase, and then we read—
"See Mr. Webster's speech, delivered at Worces-
ter."    Here are, also, two more extraéis:
"One who goes over from the Opposunn to the Jackson
ranks, feels that he has adefen-e to make; while o.ie who aban-
dons Jacksomsm holds h s head up and feels that he has done
an act for which he may respect himself Thus, in politics, s
in morals, there is a sense of right and wrong whicti men arp
alive to, whet'ier they admit its infitiejice or not. There are
lew Jackson men in the United States, (who can pretend lo good
sense and sound principle,) who do not feel a degree ol shame
that they are such."
"It was common, thirty years aso, to charge Mr Tefferson
with deliberate wickedness in his ofiice, and lo consider him as
intending lo disieeird all the obligations which honorable, mo-
ral men acknowledge. This was probably an injustice. Ii is
more reasonable to suppose that he had either a singular obli
quity of perception as to right and wrong, both as a man and as
an officer, or that he had undergone some strange perversion
from that rank of moral agents to which he was by nature des-
tined."
The editor of the Boston Courier, a leading mo-
dern Whig editor, in hs newspaper of May 9,
1834, in commenting on this work of Mr. Sulli-
van, observe^:
"General Jackson is acting on the principle of Jefferson, and
is carrying out the palnotic doctrine of that arch Jacobin to its
fullest extent. We are not.of the party who worship the dead or
the living idol The principles and the administration of Mr.
Jefferson have done more to torment this nation ¡than all the
plagues described in the Apocalypse could do, if inflicted at one
blow."
Such extracts as these are not very convincing
arguments to support the idea that the Federal
party has been disbanded, and Federal principles
abandoned!
In closing this train of remark, I will merely ob-
serve that, if it be true, as has been s.ud, "that hy-
pocrisy is the homage which vice pays to virtae,"
the frsquent assumptions, by tho^e opposed to us,
of the names which have distinguished .he Demo-
cratic paity, are an involuntary homage rendered,
if not not to the superior truth, at least to the su-
perior popu'anty, of our principles.
The gentleman from MJassachu^etts who si's on
my left, [Mr. Ccshing,] iri his speech on the Trea-
sury Note bill, expressed an opinion that " parlies
were in the crisis of a change " In my belief, sir,
the parties contending in th.s country have funda-
mental principles which diftingu sh them, and
though men may change, principles do not. If the
gentleman will refer to his v^ry extensive acquaint-
ance with history, he will find that in nearly all
nations, perhaps in all, where there has been a
sufficient degree of liberty to allow of parties at all,
there have been two great parties, ihe prominent
characteristics of which are, that one has been for
placing more, and the other less, power in the
hands of the people. One has been for special
privilege!;; for orders and distinctions not founded
on merit; for offices transmuted by hereditary suc-
cession, or for life; the other for extending more
equal rights to all individuals, and for granting to
mer.t, in whatever station found, a free and un-
tramelled course. Wuh a greater degree of liber-
ty than that enjoyed by other States, this countiy
could not prove an except on to this rule; thus, be-
fore the time of Jefferson and Harm.ton, and espe-
cially since, the same elements have here been in
operation, producing their distinct and well marked
developments.
One party is the party of prescription and prece-
dent; the other recognises the truth of the maxim,
that "power is always stealing from the many to
the few," and considers a frequent "recurrence to
fundamenta! piinciples" essential to the preserva-
tion of popular rights. One clings to accustomed
abuses which constantly increase with increasing
age; the other is the paity of advance, of progress,
and reform One party strives t«.i place power in
the hands of those irrespcns.ble to ih° people, and
hoi Is that the repr sentaiive (light not to be "pal-
sied by the will of h's constituents;" the other
finds in the people the only true and legitimate
sourc of all political power. Tne principles of
one are founded on distrust of the vntii" and intel-
ligence cf the people. Th°ir d. ctrme is ' that the
people are change,ul and turbulent and seldom
act or determine right"—ihat when ihe labt.r.ng
"class beet nus numerous, it becomes clamorous
and looks on property ns rs lawful prey and plun-
der,"* í nd thev ho'J tint "it is ihe pari of wis-
dom to found Government on pucerty." The
other h^s confidence in ihe virtue anl intelli-
gence of the pecple and drvad^ "the anti-Republi-
can tendencies ot associated weaith." They can-
not shut their eyes to th'fact that, toa certain
extent, wealth itself is powei; and they believe
that, without the aid of special privilege, ii will,
unless counteracted by constant vigilance on
the part of the mass of the community, secure an
undue and corrupting influence. The maxim of
one is to legislate tor property—of the other to take
care of the people, or, rather, to let the people take
care of themselves, by their free and unrestrained
suffrages, by choosing their own rulers—by plac-
ing power in the hands of persons by them elected
and to them responsible.
I have said that the creed of one is founded in
distrust, of the other, in confidence in the people.
The former constantly lose sghtof the fact that
the people contend for principles. They find
themselves vanquished again and again in their
struggks for power; they imagine some magical se-
cret has been operating against them; that the peo-
ple are carried away by loud huzzas, by shouts in
favor uf a military chieftain, or by some rant
phrase, and that they are like "mere machines,"
blindly led or blindly driven. And it often hap-
pens that the leaders of this party seek, as they
suppose, in the most artful manner, to gain the
favor, while they secretly attempt to thwart ihe
wishes of the people. But in all these attempts
their fundamental error leigns—their contempt for
the intelligence of that people. When defeated,
they lament over the superior popularity of their
opponents, and advise each other to "descend into
the forum and take the voters by the hand." I
could imagine that tkey might even become ?o pre-
sumptuous as to end«avor to recommend a person
as fit to be elected to the Presidential chair, by the
suffrages of a free, virtuous, and decerning people,
because, as they might truly or falsely allege, he
lived in a log cabin, drank large quantities of hard
cider, and smoked a short pipe.
Sir, in my belief, there cannot be an assembly
of the intelligent and industrious working classes
collected in any part of the nation, but would con-
sider, and properly consider, the recommendation
of a person to their suffrages ior the first effice
in their gift in this great Republic, by such argu-
ments as these, an insult to their understandings.
They would inquire,
"What are these things to us? Inform us as to
the piinciples of your candidate. What is it to us
if in times past he either performed or neglected his
duty in any military trust he may have under-
taken, or whether he resigned that trust before the
war was finished? We wi>h t j know the princi-
ples by which he would be guided in administering
the office for wh ch he is proposed as a candi-
date, which office is instituted not for his benefit
but for our*. Di 1 he support the Administration
of the elder and younger Mr. Adams'? 1-, he in fa-
vor of a corrupt ng and splendid srheme of inter-
nal improvement by the General Goveinment—a
scheme to be supported by a tax on the consumer,
and which thus benefits ih" capitalist and specula-
tor, and grinds down the poor? Is he for raising a
large revenue by taxation, and insuhing those who
are obliged to pay it, by calling it protection? Is
he iu favor of a va*t controlling moneyed corpora-
tion, which shall rule at will all the prices and bu-
siness of the country, and press down the people
with the crushing tyranny of irresponsible power?
'Mr, Webster in the Massachusetts Convention.
