April, 1840.__________
26th Covg««"1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Athtrton.
H. of Reps.
We ha«e been contending for years  with such a
power; and thmk you, by these clamor*, to de'uJe
us into the support of one whose success would
lose us all the fruits of our toilsome struggle, and
place the iron heel of such a despotism forever on
our necks'!"
These are some of the questions sir, which they
would ask, and he who should undertake to reply
by senseless cant or shal'ow jest*, or empty huzzas,
would only excite their scorn and mdigBa'ion.
la entering on some remarks concerning the
charge which has been so often heretofore repea'ed
against thi<; Administration of extravagant expen-
ditures, suffer me to advert for a moment to cer-
tain observations which fell from the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Coshing] on that subject.
It was a source of satisfaction to perceive, that in-
stead of conceiving the advantage in those attacks
to be altogether on the side of the Opposition, the
gentleman from Massachusetts apparently felt him-
self called upon to enter into a defence of his own
Iriends from the charge of having more uniformly
voted for large appropriations than their opponents.
And it certainly did appear to me that the course
of the gentleman's argument went entirely to re-
lieve the Executive and his friends, to say the least,
from all responsibility on that subject which did
not equally rest on the Opposition. He remarked
that of forty appropriation bills the yeas and nays
in the House were only called on six; that this was
a proof of general assent, and that the Administra-
tion party were thus equally íesponsible with the
Opposition. The revé se of the proposition must
be also true. He went on to say, that on the bill
making appropriation for Ind an hostilities there
were only two negatives; on that for Indian treaties
and arrearages, there was a majority of both
parties in favor of it; and that as to the bills for
the Cumberland road, and harbcrs, and light-
houses, the friends of the Administraron, if they
had constituted a quorum, would have defeated
them, and the Opposition, if they had constituted
a quorum, would have passed them. And he ob-
served, that on these latter " there was more re-
sponsibility resting with the Opposition than the
Adminirtration party," and he was willing to take
his share of that superior responsibility. To say
nothing of the sources from which the various
propositions for appropriations have come, which
were not adopted, is not here a full admission that
the Administration and its friends cannot justly be
charged by the Opposition with larger and wasteful
appropriations'? The gentleman from Massachu-
setts also suggested that the great measure of the
Opposition was the passage of the deposite or dis-
tribution bill, and that it might perhaps have been
the policy of some of the leading minds of the
Administration party opposed to that ^bill, te in-
crease the appropriations, in order to reduce the
balance for distribution. With my views of the
utter inexpediency, and corrupting, and dangerous
tendency of such a measure, if any thing could
afford an excuse for extravagant appropriations, it
would be a desire to prevent its adoption. But is
it not pertinent to inquire whether the party who
favor what is miscalled the " American system"
have not struggled to increase expenditures, for the
purpose of rendering inevitable their darling ob-
ject, a high tariff, by which money may be drawn
from th* pockets of the many to subserve the selfish
ends, and increase the gains of a few7
It is however, sir, in relation to the principles
of the contending parties that I desire mainly to
discuss this topic. I say, and it will be my object
to prove, that the principles of the Whig party
must necessarily lead to extravagance, while those
of the Democratic party lead to a rigid economy.
They certainly are not like those of their oppo-
nents, incompatible with it. A strict construction
of the Constitution, which is a fundamental arti-
cle of tie Democratic creed, must, of necessity, by
limiting the powers, also limit the expenses of the
General Government. To all the other expenses
of Government the Whigs desire to add a distribu-
tion of the proceeds of the public lands, which must
increase, in that ratio, the burdens of the people.
And to what effect? That the money taken from
the people may be distributed among corporations
and capitalists,   The principle of Democracy is
that no more should be raised in revenue than is
essential to defray the indispensable expenses of
the Government, and that money is safest left in
the pockets of the reople. The great and leading
measure recommended by the Administration, the
Independent Treasury, is a measure of economy.
It is obvious to all, that if banks are to be made
depositories, it is for the interest of all connected
with them to have as much money raised by taxa-
tion as possible, in order to swe'l the amount of
deposites. By restraining the tendency to excessive
importations, its effect will also be to repress that
extravagance which grows out of sudden expan-
sions. The^e, however, are subjects on which time
does not permit me to enlarge. I ml) read a few
extracts írom official documents when the Opposi-
tion were in power, to show their huge admiration
of economy. First, here is an extract from the in-
augural address as President, of the venerable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams,] who is
so distinguished and able a champion in trie ranks
of the Whig party:
"It is that (internal improvement) from which I am convinced
that the unborn millions of our posterity, who are, in future
ages, te people this continent, will derive their most fervent
gratitude to ihe foundeis of the Union; thatin which the bene-
ficial action ef its Government will be most deeply felt and ac-
knowledged. The magnificence and splendor of their public
works are among the imperishable glories of the ancient Re-
publics. The roads and aqueducts of Rome have been the admi-
ration of all after ages, and have survived thousands of years
after all her conquests have been swallowed up in despotism,
or become the spoil of barbarians."
Now, sir, it is one of the doctrines of the Demo-
cratic party that the General Government has not
the power, and if it had, that it would not be ex-
pedient to exercise the power of erecting these
monuments of "splendor and magnificence." A
rich and magnificent Government is necessarily
connected with an oppressed and suffering people
from whom, at laU, have to be wrung the means
of these imperishable glorie*, which are to survive
after the people are overwhelmed in despotism,
and spoiled by barbarians. What was it in the
ancient Republics to the populace, that after ages
were to marvel over the rums of a magnificence
growing out of their wrongs? It could have af-
forded them little consolation even to have been
fully aware that their present suffering was to
serve the high purpose of grat fying the curiosity
of posterity.
Permit me also to offer to the notice of the com-
mittee a few extracts from the first annual message
of Mr. Adams:
"Upon this first occasion of addressing the legislature of the
Union, with which I have been honored, in presenting to their
view the execution, so far as it has been effected, of the mea-
sures sanctioned 07 them, for promoting the interna] improve-
ment of our country, I cannot close the communication without
recommending to their calm and persevering consideration, the
general principle in a inore enlarged extent."
This recommendation of the general p inciple in
a more enlarged extent was after the mention, in the
same message, of the fact that the Secretary of the
Treasuiy had subscribed, "in the name and for the
uve of the United States, for one thousand five hun-
dred shares of the Chesapeake and De'aware Canal
Company," and that the work was "in successful
progress"—ihat the surveys wers completed for as-
certaining the practicability of a canal from Chesa-
peake bay to Ohio river, and also for "two other ob-
jects of national importance," viz: "the accomplish-
ment oí a national road from this city to New
Orleans, and ascertaining the practicability of
uniting the waters of Lake Memphremagog with
Connecticut river."
The message also contains the following pas-
sage:
"Connected with the establishment of an university, or sepa-
rate from it, might be undertaken t^e erection of an Astronomi-
cal Obsirvatory, with provision for an astronomer, to be in
constant attendance of observation upon the phenomena of
the Heavens, and for the periodical publication of his observa
tions. It is with no feeling of pride as an American, that the re-
mark may be made, that on the comparatively small territorial
surface of Europe, there are existing upwards of one hundred
and thirty of these light-houses of the skies, while throughout
the whole American hemisphere, there is not one. If we reflect
a moment upon the discoveries which, in the last four centu-
ries, have been made in the physical constitution of the universe
by the means of these buildings, and of observers stationed in
them, shall we doubt of their use fulness to every nation? And
while scarcely a year passes over our head without brirging
some new astronomical discovery to light, which we must fain
receive at second hand from Europe, are we not cutting our-
selves offfrom the means of returniug light for light, while we
have neither observatory nor observer upon one half of the
globe, and the earth revolves in perpetual darkness to our un-
searctung oyes."
In speaking of the powers of the General Go-
vernment, the message advances these sentiments 
'■But if the power (o exercise exclusive legislation in ail cases
whatsoever, over the District ol Columbia, it the power to lay
and col lea taxes, dunes, imposts and excises, to pay the debts
and provide for the common defence and general welfare of the
United States if the power to regulate commerce with foreign
nations and among the seveial States, and with the Indian
tribes; to fix the standard of weights and measures; to establish
post offices and post roads, to declare war; to raise and support
armies; to provide and maintain a navy; to dispose of and
make all needful rulesand regulations respecting ihe territory
and other pi opeity belonging to the United States; and to make
all laws which shall seem necessary and proper for carrying
these powers into execution if these powers, and others enu-
merated in the Constitution, may be effectually brought into
action by latvs piomoting the improvement of agriculture,
commerce, and manufactures, the cultivation and encourage-
ment of the mechanic and elegant arts, the advancement of
literature and the progress 01 the sciences, ornamental and pro-
found, to refrain fiom exercising them for the benefit of the
people shemselves, would be to lude in the earth the talent
committed to our charge—would be treachery to the most sa-
cred of trusts.
"The spirit of improvement is abroad on the earth. Itstimu-
lates the heart, and sharpens the faculties, not of our fellow-ci-
tizens alone, but of the nations of Europe and of their rulers.
While dwelling with pleasing saiisfaction upon the superior
excellence 01 our political institutions, let us not be unmindful
that liberty is power, that the nation blessed wuh the largest
portion of liberty must, in proportion to its numbers, be the
most powerful nation upon eanh, and that the tenure of power
by man is, in the moral purposes of his Creator, upon condi-
tion that it shall be exercised to ends of beneficence, to improve
the condition of himself and his fellow men While foreign na-
tions, less blessed with that freedom, which is power, than our-
selves, are advancing with gigantic strides in the career of pub-
lic improvement, were we to slumber m indolence, or fold up
our arms, and proclaim to the world that we are palsied by
the will of our constituents, would it not be to cast away the
bounties of Providence, and doom ourselves to perpetual infe-
riority!"
It is somewhat remarkable that gentlemen who
supported such a latitudinarian construction of the
Constitution, and such visionary and extravagant
projects, and gentlemen who favor a candidate for
the Presidency, who gave his assent and support
to such doctrines and such schemes, have the bold-
ness to say any thing about economy. Why, sir,
of all plans of the most unlimited, lavish, and
wasteful extravagance, was there ever any thing
conceived of more alarming than these by which
the money of the people was to be squandered
abroad by a great central and tyrannical power,
which had usurped and swallowed np the rights of
the States and the people? It is to de'eat such
f chemes, and to prevent the accession of one to the
Presidency who supported that Administration and
its doennes, and who has never abandoned those
doctrines, that the Democratic party contend. But,
it may be asked, why were noi the expenditures of
that Administration greater, if their doctrines were
such as would necessarily lead to extravagance?
The reply is obvious. The Democratic party who
opposed that Administration, prevented those doc-
trines from being carried into execution. In the
first two years of that Administration, the Opposi-
tion was strong enough to prevent these projects
from being adopted, and, in its last two years, the
Administration was confessedly in a minority in
Congress. The best proof possible of this, is the
fact that the projects were not executed. A na-
tional university was not built, a national observa-
tory was not erected, nor a national astronomer ap-
pointed, to be " in constant attendance of observa-
tion on the phenomena of the heavens;" the waters
of the Chesapeake and Ohio, and of the Lake
Memphremagog, and the Connecticut, were not
united; nor was a great national road built from
Washington to New Orleans, to vie in " magnifi-
cence and splendor" with the public works of Ro-
man grandeur. I repeat, sir, the prevention of
these undertakings is to be attributed to the prin-
ciples of the Democratic party, which principle t
that party still entertain, and are striving to main-
tain and carry out. Suppose Mr. Van Buren were
to introduce into one of bis messages doctrines and
recommendations like those which have been
alluded to, would it be considered a proof of hi 
love for economy?. What are we to think of pro-
fessions of economy, and of a regard to the rights
of the States, coming from the lips of those who
bring forward for the office of President an inüi-
vidual who gave his full, unqualified, ana hearty
support to an Administration  a!nlam'°* *~¡
doctrines, and who, it is not pretended, has altered
his opinion on any of these f1*" *       Amm-a
We have heard, on this floor, many dennncta-
tionlof trie late  nd present Adouurtrm, be-
cause of their too stiict congtrnction pf the Qonsti;
