April  1840.__________
26th Cong.......IstSkss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
appropriation Bill—Mr. Atherton.
H. of Reps.
the Opposition, then a Representative from Mary-
land, said, "banks are combinations of the people,"
and characterized the war of the banks against
the Government as "the war of the lamb against
the wolf." The able champion of the Opposition,
then representing in part the Stat  of Mississippi,
contended, with his usual boldness, that "the banks
were the people." Lest this may seem almost in-
credible, let m« refer to chapter and verse. My
friend from South Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,] in a
speech, delivered June 25, 1838, comme ited on
the position of the gentleman from Mississippi,
that the bants were the people, with his usual
stringency and force, and "Mr. Prentiss rose and
said that when he maintained that the lanks ierre the
people, he did not mean that they were so on ac-
count of the number immediately interested in
them as stockholders, or the amount of capital in-
vested in their stock, but because their currency
was in the hands of the people, and thus their in-
terests became the interests of Ihe people.'1''
In pursuing the inquiry which party contends
for irresponsible power, and consequently is most
averse to popular lights, I now ask leave to pre-
sent a few extracts from a speech of the distin-
guished gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,]
delivered December 26,1838, commenting on the
message of Mr. Van Buren of that seisicn.
"Among the most prominent dangers to which our form of
Government is exposed, the President here enumerates 'the
anti-Republican tendencies of associated wealth.' I su ppose
(said Mr. B.] it will be said that lie refers to the association
of capital accumulated in the State banks; but in the opinion
of the oumrnuniiy generally, this language will warrant a mote
extensive application; an application fai more operative, and
demanding more serious reflection."
Again, in relation to the same subject, the gen-
tleman from Tennessee proceeds:
" But, Mr. Chairman, if I correctly understand the import of
the passage now under consideration, it manifests a I.ixity of
principle, a recklessness  f consequences; such a spirit of des-
peration in the choice of means to sustain power as ought to re-
ceive the severest reprehension from every well wisher to our
free institutions. This covert denunciation of wealth and
of the rich is, without doubt, intended to be understood by
those whom it pleases, as a proof that the author of it is a friend
anda champion of the poor as distinguished from the rich.
Viewing it in this light, it is a sort of argument; an electioneer-
ing cant, which, however shameful and indefensible, may be
allowed in the public speeches of ordinary candidates for a
seat in the Legislature, or for some office or station in a State, or
even for a seat in this Hall of the Representatives of the nation;
bat in a Chief Magistrate it is wholly unworthy and detes-
table."
Now, sir, where is the great harm in th«s pas-
sage ttuu severely denounced. Let any say whether
the tendencies of associated 'Wealth are not anti-
Republican. If the passage be true, is it criminal
for a Chief Magistrate to be its authoi? Is it not
a most alarming fact for the people of ihis coun-
try, and demanding their most "setious reflection,"
that the passage in the message of their President,
which calls forth the mrst severe reprehension and
denunciation of the leaders of the Opposition party
on this floor, is that where the President ventures
to speak of the " anti-Republican tendencies of
associated wealth!"
In commenting on that part of the Message in
which the President speaks of each successive
change in our institutions having contributed to ex-
tend the right of suffrage, and increased the direct
influence ol the mass of the community," the gen-
tleman from Tennessee used the following lan-
guage:
"I content myself, for the present, by repeating that the mass
of the people have, for years, been degraded to the bank of
mehe MAoanras in the hands of a few men who have had the
talent and address to use them for their own purposes."
The gentleman fiom Tennessee also selected for
his strictures the following sentiments of the mes-
sage:
" This review of the results of our institutions for half a cen-
tury, without exciting a spirit of vain exultation, should serve
to impress upon ns the great principles from which thev spring—
constant and direct supervision by the people over every
public measure."                                         r                   J
"Now, sir, (said Mr. Beix) I should be pleased to be informed
what is meant by 'constant and direct supervision of the
peopUi,' whioh is here enumerated as one of the great princi-
ples to which we are indebted to the glorious results of our sys-
tem! Will gome gentleman, who is better acquainted with the
somimenu oftho President on thissubject, enlighten mel Will he
tetl me *hat is the true import of the language, "constant and
direct supervision by the people!" Isltmtended by this pas-
sage m the message, and the other doctrines which are more or
less openly inculcated, to give the high official sanction of the
Chief Magistrate of the Union to the new impulse which has
recently been eiven, or sought to be given to what are called
the JJemocratic tendencies of our systemV
Time only permits me to read one more extract
from ihe speech of the gentleman from Tennessee:
"In another part of the message we are assured by the Presi-
dent that 'To thro practical operation of our institutions (which
he had described) so evident and successful, we owe that in-
creased attachment to them, which is among the most cheering
exhibitions of popular sentiment.'
"I deny [said Mr. II. 1 most confidently and emphatically
that we are authorized to boast of this 'increased attachnieni' to
our institutions. On the contrary, I affirm that, for years, the
attachment of the people to our institutions, and their confi-
dence in their efficacy and durability have been weakening and
diminishing, Justin proportion as the piinciples and practices
of the party in power have been more and more developed and
brought to liaht. I affirm that instead of increased attachment,
there is manifestly increased distrust; and thousands of ho-
nest and intelligent citizens throughout the land, look with ap-
prehension and dread to the future—that future which may
come sooner upon us than yon or I now dream of."
Without stopping to inquire how consistent th:
charge of a des gn to give new impulse to Ihe De-
mt cratic tendencies of our system may be with the
allegation that the people  are "mere  machines,"
is there not furnished, by these exiracts, matter of
apprehension and alarm to a people jealous of their
rights?   What are ihe passages of the message se-
lected, emphasised, and italicised, for condemna-
tion and denunciation by the distinguished gentle-
man from Tennessee?   Those in which the Presi-
dent dares to speak of ihe "anti-Republican tenden-
cies of associated wealth;" of "an increase of the
direct influence of the mass of the community;" of
"Ihe constant and direct supervision by the people
over every public measure-," and "of ihe increased
attachment" to our free institutions.    I ask again,
whether the fact  alone lhat these passages  hav 
been selected for severe and unmitigated reprehen-
son, is not fall of significance; and whether it dees
not furnish ground of alarm to the community?
The assumption was also mentioned by the gen-
tleman from Maryland, lo whom I have allude'
as among the chief enormi'ies of tie administra
tion of General Jackson, lhat "the President was
the representative of the American people, coequal
with the legislative power, accountable to the people,
and not to Congress, for his acts." And his indig-
nation is equally aroused because a corollary was
deduced from this that the elections being appeals
to the people were to be interpreted as expositions of
the public judgment in favor of the great represent-
ative chief." In the present debate, the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Saltonstall] has severe-
ly condemned the principle that the President
should "consider himself the representative of
the popular will." Ought not the President
elected by the people to be the representative of
the popular will? Is he not. accountable to the
people? Are not ihe elections "appeals to the peo-
ple?" To deny these things, it f eems to me, is to
strike at the very foundation of free institutions and
popular rights. Why should the people elect the
President unless he is to be the representative of
their will? No, sir, the right of electing a Presi-
dent is not a barren mockery; nor is the President
to exercise irresponsible power but that derived
from the people.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Jameson]
referred to the present and ancient division of rar-
ties, and alloded to the fact th tt Hanvlton sup-
ported, and Jefferson opposed, a Bank of the
United States, and remarked that all the objections
of Jefferson were now found to apply, and were
confirmed by the test of experience. But the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Reed] objects to
this as one of the dividing distinctions of parties,
because certain members of the Democratic party,
in times past, supported such an institution. Noth-
ing can more strongly prove the truth of the asser-
tion, that though men may change, principles do
not, than the striking fact that now this great di-
viding line is drawn precisely as it was in the
times of Jefferson and Hamilton. Th"re is not,
to my knowledge, one single friend of the Admi-
nistration on this floor who supports an United
States Bank. Can one individual he pointed out?
No, sir, not one. By the Opposition, generally, a
Bank of the United Stales is held out as their favo-
rite remedy; their panacea, which is to cure the
evils which they say afflict the country. The
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise] very recent-
ly proclaimed that to a Bank of the United States we
must come, and j-hould come, at last. It has even
been asserted here that such a Bank is "the best
protector of our liberties agiintt the encroach-
ments of Executive power." An irresponsible mo-
neyed corporation the safest protector against a
President chose  by the people, and the represen-
tative of their will ! I can only say that such a
theory does not accord with my ideas of the pro-
tection of popular right .
The endeavor to retain the exercisí of the secret
ballot by lepresentatives who ought to be rtsponsi-
b'e to their constituents, presents another instance
of fondness for irresponsible power. By examin-
ing ihe journal of the last session, the yeas and cays
will show an almost exact party vote on the sub-
ject. The Whig party, ax a party, voted against
the open, responsible, uira voce vote. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Reed] has «aid that
the vote by ballot is considered important to the
people in giving their suffrage?, to secure thfm
from undue influence, and "that he is not for set-
ting the representative above the people." Sir,
would that the right of thi people to exercise their
right of suffrage by ballot, uninfluenced and un-
awed, were every where still further protected '
The elector is accountable to no person for the
manner in which he exercises his right: he is only
accountable to his own conscience. But the re-
presentative is accountable, aUo, to his consti-
tuents. It is for the very reason that "the repre-
sentative should not b? placed above the people,"
that the people have a right to know how he votes.
If any improper influence is exerci-ed on him—if
he is induced to betray the will of his constituents—
let them know if, and apply Ihe remedy. To permit
him to give a secret, and, as it has been appro-
priately termed, a clandestine vote, is to destroy his
responsibility to the p;ople.
An extract from an English paper was read
here a few days since, to show that, in th' opinion
of Ihe English, Mr. Van Buren was getting to be
quite anti-Republican. Whether praise from such
a source should be a subject of gratulation, admit-*
of doubt; and so, likewise, whether censure should
be a reason of regret. But the Opposition, though
they have assumed to themselves the title of Whigs,
sometimes, with an inconsistency which betrays
more of sincerity than of prudence, also assume
Ihe merit of being Ihe Conservative party. This
is the tille in which the party in England most op-
posed to popular rights rejoices. And if a ten-
dency towards many of the iamedoe'rines us those
held by English Conservatives can entitle the Op-
position to the same appellation, I aii willing to
concede the propriety of its appropriation. Black-
wood's Magazine is well known to be one of the
principal organs of the English Conservative party
—a journal distinguished for its fierce scorn ana
bitter denunciation of popular power and popular
rights. But that the character of this journal may
be fully appreciated, I will present a few illustra-
tion-, taken from its pages.
Of Lafayette, that journal uses the following
language:
"If George HI had been King of France, the whole tribe of
the philosophers, the atheist politicians, tt¡e club orators, the
heroes of thetocsin, would have been peopling the antipóde ;
he would have met the smiles of Lafayette with the halter-
La ayette.of ail the perpetrators of national mischief the most
odious, as the hypacrite is more abhorred than the ruffian."
1 Lafayette, wnose name will be transmitted to posterity,
stamped with that bitterest badge of scorn—the praise of all
rebels, tiaitors and infidels throughout tho world "
Of the Reform bill, this language is used:
"That fatal bill of misnamed and delusive íeform, which,
throwing the representation from the hands of the responsible
classes into those of the irresponsible—giving to ignorance the
rights that belong to knowledge—to poverty the rights which
can be safely exerted by property alone, has already shaken
the State to its foundations."
In relation to hereditary dignities and popular
power, the following ideas are advanced:
"But the true source of this abhorrence of hereditary digni-
ties was neither the vice nor the useiessness of the French no-
bility; it was the mere rancor of the low against the high, the
mere vulgar jealousy of the obscure against the conspicuous
the mere overflowing of that bitter and mean spirited and con-
temptible desire to sink all things to the level of the contempti-
ble, which belongs to the very nature of the Democrat.. 1 «us
spirit reigns at this moment in the heart of every leT*',e'"-
This is the spirit which bello ws in the clamor of America against
^'AlUhespeciousness which disguised the true nature of
popular power to the eye of fools, Tor to none other was it ever
disguised; or lent a pretext to the tongue of knaves-for in none
others did it ever find its panegyric                ,ll„,,r,,^n „/
These are sufficient to afford an illustration of
the character of the journal from which I am stUl
further to quote.
