pssptw    *
April, 1840.
AÍ £ÉtfDÍX tfO TtíE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
S6th Cong •••1st Skss.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Athtrton.
H. of Reps.
consequent inherent rights and predestined power
of Democracy."
Mr. Chairman, if the maintenance of popular
rights be a failing, it is a failing which leans to vir-
tue's side. If it be an error, it is a noble error. It
is an error which, of all others, tyrants andbgots
have most carefully avoided. For this error Fox
and Henry spoke, and Milton wrote, and Hampden
fought and bled, and Sidney and Russell suffered
martyrdom. It is an error which has prompted
the greatest actions that adorn the page of history,
and which has inspired the burning eloquence, and
nerved the arms of the best aid braved in the re-
cords of the past. If it be an error, I could almost
say that "I would rather err" with such as these,
than be wise with those who blame them.
The most deadly foe to the spirit of liberty is that
of aristocracy. No populace ever surrendered
their liberties to the arm of one great conqueror,
and invoked his protection, until, by the unprinci-
pled despotism of a patrician few, they hid been
reduced to a situation so abject and deplorable,
that it could scarce be changed for the worse. No
mighty leader has ever been able to subvert the
forms of liberty until its essence had already de-
parted. No one has ever concentrated in himself
supreme power until the people have been deprived
of their rights, and trampled in the dust by the
grinding sway of a tyrannical and insolent oligar-
chy. It has been well said that "the history of
oligarchy has been the sime in every age. It is a
history of plunder and rapine and extortion and
treachery and fraud and falsehood. Their leaders
have always ' first inflcted the injury, and then
rai'ed against the indignation which the injury
evoked." They have ever oppressed and trodden
upon the people, until attempts to resist their ag-
gressions were inevitable and then they have cried
out against mo! s and pcpular license, and made
these a pretence for still further enormiues. They
have striven to bend to the earth the hardy and
elastic tree of popular freedom, and because it
would rebound", they have desired to apply the de-
stroying axe to its root.
They have ever assumed to themselves the title
of the lovers of order, supporters of constitutions
of law and of religion.   They have ever abused,
with malignant rancor, every one who had the har-
dihoed to oppose the r designs, and characterized
them as demagogues, as infidels, as foes to peace
and order, and as destitute of latent and of virtue.
And it is a melancholy fact that history has been
too much in the power of the foes of freedom, and
that the characters of many of those who were ac-
tuated by the noble design of benefiting their fel-
low men have come down to us blackened by the
slanders of patrician malignity.   How, let me ask,
would Jefferson have gone dowa to posterity, un-
less the people had sustained him, and the revilers
of that great and good man had been obliged, in a
great measure, to succumb before the popular voice,
and to pretend an acquiescence in his principles,
for the sake, it is feared, of more effectually pre-
venting their influence?   And, though the eventful
period of the administration of that "just and firm
old man," who has now retired to the Hermitage,
is so recent that we still hear bis principles and ac-
tions bitterly attacked by the Opposition, yet no
one can have failed to remark that, already, at-
tempts have been made to contrast the sentiments
of his successor unfavorably with his, though it is
well known that that illustrious patr,ot and hero is,
a* he ever has been, with his whole.heart and soul,
on the tide of the Democracy of the land.
Although I have trespass«d too long already on
the kindness of the committee, there is another sub-
ject to wjiich I will briefly allude, as illustrating
the distinction which I have endeavored to draw
between the great contending parties. The extracts
already quoted have shown with what fierce denun-
ciation "the exaction of pledges" is condemned by
the English Conservative. Can it be considered
other than a most alarming and astonishing fact
to the American people, that, on the great topics
which agitate the community, the Presidential can-
didate of the Opposition shrouds his opinions in
mysterious silence1? The letter of inquiry sent by
the Oswego association, and the reply, not by Gen.
Hanison, but by three persons, who call them-
selves "his confidential commitire," have already
be¿n read in this hall     Si, when  this correspm-
dence wax ur>t publishet, even gentlemen of the
Opposition saw it was so repugnant to the  punci-
ples of American liberty, and to the feelings of the
American people, that faint attempts were made to
deny its genuineness.  These attempis hive ceased
No one, now, is hardy enough to n?e m his place
and declare he does not believe it genuine.    The
startling and astounding fact stands forth Hncon-
troverteJand incontrovertible.    What are the rea-
sons given in the correspondence for this extraor-
dinary course?   One is that General Harrison re-
ceives so many letters it is impossible for him to
answer thtm.    Does not eveiy one know  that one
letter, stating hu sentiments on the prominent topics
dtvid.ng ihe country, published to the world, is all
that could be asked?   All must tee, at a glance, the
insincerity of this pretence.    Be ide^,  it it be so
laborious to be a candidate for the Presidency,
what must it be to act as President?   Is th s confi-
dential committee—a committee not elected by the
people—to act for a id in behalf of the President
of he United States?    In ca*e of the  election of
General Harrison, is an irresponsible committee to
govern the destinies of the nation?   What is the
true reason of the course which has been taken?
The friends of General Harn-on will not contend
that it is his incompetency, and that they dare not
trust him  to write a letter.    Is it, then, an unwil-
lingness to have his sentiments known, because it is
impolitic so to do?   In a free country, does any
one dare avow this?   Yet, sir, the committee have
íniimated this     Here are ihe words:
"As from his confidential committee you will look upon this
response; and if the policy «bserved by the committee should
not meet with your approbation, you will attribute the errar
rather to ourselves and his immediate advisers than General
Harrison. That policy is, that the General makb no fur-
ther DECLARATION OP HIS  PRINCIPLES   POR THE   PUBLIC   EYB
whilst occupying his present i osition."
A  if duubtmg wnether the reasons given by ¡his
confidential committee would be entirely satisfac-
tory, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Corwin] has
under.aken to add others. One a^slgned by him was
that he could not see of what use it was to extract
opinions ob a particular subject, when there might
be a thousand other subjects to act upon. Another
reason was, that a person's present opmons were
wished for—not those of yesterday or to-day even,
but of the present moment; and that men are so li-
able to change, that it might be superfluous to ex-
press their opinions at any given time. And still
another, that the history of Gen. Harrison for years
had been uniformly one way, and that he may be
supposed to remain the same.
Sir, no one knows betier than the able gentle-
man from Ohio, that there are a few prominent to-
pics which Bgitate the public mind, and on which
an intelligent people must desire to know the
opinions of a candidate for their suffrages. Nor is
it very easy to conceive how, if personsareso liable
to change as he represents, it can, with so much
certainty, be inferred that General Harrison had
not changed; thcugh I confess, from all that can
be inferred from his history, of his political sent -
ments, if I believed him likely to become the Pre-
sident of this Republic, I should very much hepe
he had. Here then are the reasons put forward
to excuse this course to the American people. One,
that General Harrison has so many letters that he
cannot answer ih m all—another, that it is con-
sidered impolitic—another, "that the National Con-
vention deemed ltimpolilic, at tke then crisis, to pub-
lish any general declaration of the views of the
great Oppos>tion party"—another, that there are so
many subjects he might be called to act upon,
there is no use in the expression of opinion on any
—anotherfthat opinions are so liable to change—
and still another, that Gen. Harrison is exempt
from this liability. Truly, sir, too many reasons
are rather worse than rone at all.
The intimation that if the policy is not approved,
the error is to be attnbuted "rather to themselves
and his immediate advisers than to Gen. Harri-
son"__what is it but an introduction of the maxim
of the British Government that the king can do no
wrong? If you appjove this course, give the credit
of it to General Harrison; if not, do net blame htm,
but us, his confidential advisers! Has this indivi-
dual, recommended as fit to fill the Presidential
chair, no will of his own—no power to exercise
his own judgment? Do this committee deprive
him of the privilege of seeing the letters addressed
to him? If not, will they not permit an answer,
though he may desire to return one? Are the free-
men of this countiy to be imposed upon by such
jugglery? The pentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr Saltonstall] crntend d that, "as to its in-
tention, the Hartford Convention was as innocent
as the Hainsbutg Convention." If this latter con-
vention can introduce among the American peop'e
such pnncip'es and such piacuces, I shoull fully
agree wi'h the gentleman from Massachusetts,
even admitting the Harttord Convention to be all
its worst enemies ever contended, and all which a
large p< r ion ot the American people have believed.
Th2 mfinbers of the Ham burg Convention
vay to the people of this couniry, "here is our
candi fate; we deem it impoitiic to expose our
principles, or that our cindidate should expose his.
You are to vo'e for him, but y. u must not know
why. H  is to re >our iuler, but we will not in-
form yiu on what account. You are to give him
your suffrages, but we will £ive you no reason to
offer why you should, nor will we enable you to
know why you do it your.elves." Tms is to carry
out the doctrine that ihe people are "mere ma-
chines," with a vengeance. Is this the manner in
which the intelligent and virtuous yeomanry of the
land are to exercise their highest privilege, that of
choosing their own rulers? Are they to be led
hoodwinked to the ballot box? Why not just as
well have a hereditary ruler? Of what use is it
that the people have the n*ht to choose their own
ru'ers if they are not to know the political principles
of those for wh-m they ate called on to vote? How
can a person be responsible to ihe people, if he is
not to act for himself, and if ihe people are not to
know his opinions? Sir, to use the allus'on so
aptly introduced by my friend from Musissippi,
[Mr. Brown,] the people of this country will fol-
low no veiled prophet, lest, when the veil should be
removed, they might find, to their dismay and as-
tonishment, that they had been worshipping a mon-
ster.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Cush-
ing] alluding the other day to the political prospects
of his friends, remarked that "h" saw the aurora
of a brighter day;" and we have hs^rd from se-
veral oihfr gentlemen of the Oppos, ion similar
exu'ing and vauntin? anticipaUor.s. I have heard
such loud and boastful prophecies too olten for
them to strike me with any alarm whatever. Dur-
ing the extra session of the last Congress, the
gentleman from Massachusetts used thi- language:
"We tell you that North Carolina, Tennessee, Kentucky, In-
diana, Rhode Island, and Maine, have pronounced judgment
upon the Administration I congratulate Maine especially on
her emancipation fr m the thraldom of degrading assentation to
every caprice of the Executive, to which her own peculiar inte-
rests have so Ion  been sacrificed We hail the auspicious
omen of the bright star in the East Maine has rung the knel lof
Radicalism Well may she hold up to her sister States the
dingo in her escutcheon The people have spoken out, and in a
voice of thunder, which should be re echotd by their re-
presentatives in this hall, until it penetrate into the innermost re
cesses of the White House."
Allusions were then continually made in a most
triumphant manner to this star in the East. It was
perpetually abeve the horizon—to the Opposition
their star of morning, and of evening too. With-
out saying any thing m regard to the result in the
other S ates alluded to, I may be permuted to re-
mind the gentleman from Massachusetts that I then
remarked that 1 knew a little of the spirit of the De-
mocracy of ihe North, and that, let the true issue
be presented to them, and the principles of the Pre-
sident's message be well weighed and understood,
they would rise, and, to a man, they would gird on
their armor and bare their blades, and, shoulder to
shoulder, they would again fight the battle of liber-
ty; and that ere another year, ihe "star in the E st"
would have proved, to those who gazed upon it, but
an ignis fatuus, which had deceived them with a
false and delusive hope.
Though on many subjects I should differ from
htm with great diffidence ¡h my own opinions, the
gentleman from Massachusetts will himself now
acknowledge that in this respect I was right
and he was wrong- One would suppose
that repeated experience might have taught
our   opponents   some   caution—lest  it   might
