412
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar. U4 fj
£6th Cono.......1st Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Montgomery.
H. of Reps.
be said of them as Napoleon said of the Bour-
bans "hat through years of disaster and
ilefe.it they had Itarntd nothing and forgotten
nothing." But it feems the boisterous and empty
boasts of bygone times are a;ain to be repeated—
aeain to prove a* hollow and deceitful as before.
While the noisy and many-tcngued buildeis of Ihe
Oppo-iiioa ate striving to raise their Babel struc-
ture, on the summit ot which they fondly imagine
they shall reach the Heaven of their hopes—the
people are silently looking on, awaiting, with calm
confidence, the hour of trial. When that shall
arrive, they will gloriously vindicate their intelli-
gence, which his been insulted, and their rights,
which have been spurned—and write anew, in capi-
tals of fire, the noble tiuth that mm is capable of
self-government. They will rise in their might
and scatter to the winds the disjointed and crum-
bling citadel of a grasping and insidious foe.
SPEECH OP   MR.   MONTGOMERY,
of north Carolina,
In the House if Representativts,  March 25,   1840—
In Comrjrfitee of the Whcle on the state of the
\       Union.npon the bill   to  authorize  the ksue  of
\five millions of dollars of Treasury notes.
Mr. MONTGOMERY said: Mr. Cnairman, I
ave^fbr some lime been endeavoring to obtain the
oof, not for the purpose of inflicting upon you and
tWcomm t:ee a lung and elaborate speech, «uch as
someof those we have had to suffer under since this
bill hasbeea before us, but a sl.ort and plain sta'e-
ment of such f-tcts as have suggested themselves
to my mind, with such recorded facts as I have
been able to codeot from the journals of this
House, and other public iccerds.
I had not intended, Mr. Chairman, when this
bill was rep rted t > the House frrm the Comm'ttee
of Ways and Means, to have said one word in re-
lation to it, for the facts contained in the informa-
tion befcre us, appeared to me to be too plain to b«
misunderstood by any one, and the necessity of
prompt and speedy action by this and the other
branch of Coneress to relieve the want: of ihe Go-
vernment creditors wa-s too urgent to admit of
much delay. Heretofore, Mr. Chairman, it was sup-
posed to be the pride and the pleasure of the Repre-
sentatives of the people of the Unitf d S ates to seek
out and avail themseiv. s of the best means to sustain
the credit, the charac er, and honor of ihe count! y,
and save the Government Irom the disgrace that
must attend a nonperformance of its engagements.
But, sir, it seems that the time has arrived when
ihe who.'e power and ingenuity of a ctrtain patty
in this country are exeiteJ, not to aid, foster, and
protect their country and its Government—not to
aid in sustaining, unimpaired, its faith and credit,
but to search out, and, with joy and gladness, em-
brace all and every oppor'unity that presents itself
to revile and to reduce to bankruptcy, dishonor,
and dhgrace, th« Government of their own coun-
try. S r, I have neither thi right nor wish to im-
pugn .the motive? of (thers; but I have the right,
and duty tequirts me to spe..k of public men, aud
public records, which are the acts of public men;
and public men are the servants of the sovereign
people, who have a right to see and know what
sort of public records we their representatives keep.
They at home know us by our acts and decla'a-
tions; here they only know us by cur public re-
cords. We meet heie not mtnly for the purpose
of passing bills to pay ourselves eight dollars per
day; (if we met for that purpose only, we co ild le-
gislate rapidly, for even Whigs never g ve us any
tiouble uprn the passage of their own pay;)
but we meet to pe fo:m tho e duties nri h
the condition of the c< untry requires, and
the wants and interests of the people demand at our
hands as national legislators, acting within the pro-
visions of the Cocsitution.
Mr. Chairman, having said thus much as to
what we should do, I propose to go into an ex-
amination, not only of what we have d^ne, but
what a cerain p irty have refused to do, as proved
by the journal?, and their vo es recorded in them.
I came into this body at the first session of the
Twen'y-fonrth Congress, which met on the first
Monday of December, 1835, and have been here
ever since.   The country had been much excited
by a warm party Bank contest, which grew out of
the war between the then Bank of the united States
and the people of the United States, which should
rule the country; in which ihe national liberty had
been made to tremb'e. That Bank was about to ex-
pire as a national institution; the public money had
long been received and disbursed by i'; the people'
when appealed to, had, on two occasion?, decided,
by large majorities, that its chatter shou'd not be
renewed; and in obedience to the spirit of that de-
cision, the President had orderel thi public money
to be placed in the State banks on deposite, to be
by them disbursed as the fiscal agents of the Go-
vernment. These banks performed that service
well from October, 1833, until May, 1837; and I
will here remark, that the Federal Opposition Na-
tional Bank party, in strong and unmeasured terms
denounced General Jackson and the State banks,
and continued to do so just as long as ihey acted
honesdy and faithfully towards the Government
and lo the people. While the country and busi-
ness was prosperous, quiet, and happy, under their
agency, which they proved themselves able and
capable of performing, by doin? so from October,
1833, to May, 1837, they received and paid over
immense sums for the Government; they not only
faithfully paid all the ordinary demands of the Go-
vernment upon them, but they piid over twenty-
eight millions ff dollars to the ¿irferent State-, un-
der the depos te act ot June, 183C. But in May,
1837, when these banks had about thirty-two
millions of the public money in their vaults
(and just before the Presidential election in
November,) they fhut their doors against
the Government, and ihe people, not only
producing umveisal distress and suffering among
the community at large, but greatly embar-
rassing the Government in its means of pro-
viding for the army, the navy, the pension
list, the civil and diplomatic officers, and all the
poor and honest laborers upon the public build-
ings, and public works of every description; most
of the latter depeniingen irely upon the products of
their daily labor for food and raiment for their
wives and children. Thus, in this free and power-
ful country, Mr. Chairman, we had suddenly, un-
expectedly, and without any fault, either on the
part of th  prop'e or of Congress, in not having
provided the necessary means to meet promptly ail
the demands of die public creditors when due,
been reduced to that deplorab'e situation in which
all classes of the community were involved in the
deepest distress and suffering, and our Government
was compelled to stop payment to i s lionet ciedi-
tors, while it was subjected almost to the disgrace-
ful condition of total bankruptcy. Tlvs state of
things, too, was produced after the Government
bad provided amp'e means to meet all its engage-
ments, hav.n  collected the meney frim ihe peo-
ple, and ptaced it in what was suppose I to be faith-
ful hand-, as a sacred trus*, to be ready at all mo-
mens for those to whom it was indebted. I wdl
not say this was done for political efftct only; but
there are many, as well as myself, who are far
from being satisfied that there was not, by the mas-
ter spirits that produced ihe suspension, political
effect intended, and no* it is proved.
Under these circumstances it became the indis-
pensable duty of the Executive of the<e United
States to issue his proclamation, calling the repre-
sentatives of the people to convene for ihe special
purpose of providing such relief as they in ihe.r
wisdom might deem right and proper, in this all
partie* mo,-t cordially concurred. Accordingly, in
pursuance of this call, Congress met in this Capi-
tcd on the first Monday of Sep ember, 1837; and
on the second day of the session we received the
message cf the President, giving us a hi-tory of
what was the existing state of things, and recom-
mending fuch measure* for ihe action of the Re-
presentatives of the suffering country and people,
as he believed proper, and as they in their wisdom
might see fit io bring forward and pass into legal
and salutary enactments to guard against a recur-
rence of similar evils. Was this done on that oc-
canon, Mr. Chairman, or was it not dor.e? Let
us, for one moment, examine into that subject. I
do not, on this occasion, propose to offer to the
committee and to ihe country the mere declaration
of a member upon this floor, or elsewhere, which is
so often the subject of misapprehension  and mis-
take, nor do I intend to offer extracts from newspa-
per paragraphs of the day; not becaus  I have not
not ced them, and could  not have gleaned front
them,   as   my   frien 1   fioin   Virginia   over   the
way    [Vlr.    Goggin]    did   yesterday,   abundant
mateuals   to    prove   what   I    might  have   de-
sired,     but    because    1    preler   to   bring    for-
ward matter which, being of official record, no
man can dispute or deny.    I do not propose to
imita e some gentlemen on  this floor and else-
where, who, when they desire to deal in severe de-
nunciations against the Administration and the po-
litical party opposed to them, draw their supplies
from the filthy and turbid s'reams that daily flow
from the pofroned and corrupt political fountains
(the Federal presses) ihat gain their salubrity, not
from the purity of''jeir waters, but from the degree of
poison they contain. No, sir, I shallpass them over,
and apply at the pure fountain of truth, your pub-
lic records, your journals, and  other public docu-
ments deposited among  the archives in your li-
brary, where  I shall  find  an  abundant supply to
answer all  my  purposes.    Here, Mr. Chairman,
[holdng up the journals of the three sessions of the
last Congress]  are the materials I rely upon to
prove n it only the necessity of the speedy passage
of the bill on your table, but to prove also who it
is that have  by their  recorded votes created thb
urgent necessity, and  this  demand upon the Trea-
sury; and here  are the documents which will en-
able me to  compare their recorded vo!e< with their
declarations made here in this hall, and before the
the  sovereign people at home.    I have stated that
the country  was suffering under  the deepest dis-
tress, and ihat to relieve that distress was the whole
and  the  sole cause for which Congress was con-
vened at  the extra ses?ion.    Tne people's money
was not honestly kept, and paid out by those who
had been entrusted with it; for had that been done
no call would have been made for an extra ses-
sion at a cost of two or three hundred thousand
dollars.    I will now show you what they did do.
Tnis journal shows that we met on the 4'h day of
Septembsr, 1837, and organized,  and that on the
fifth day of the  same month, the President sent in
his messrge which contained a plain and full state-
ment of the condition of the country at that time,
and pointed  out ihe  legislation he deemed proper
and   which, in his opinion, was  required  by the
wants of the people and the Government.    I Leed
not recite them, as they are familiar to all.    On the
the  13ih  of September the Committee of Ways
Means   repored   to the   House,   bill  No. 2, to
authorize the issue of ten millions of Treasury notes
to pay the creditors of the Government who had
just claims upon it under the appropriations made
by Congress, (and which appropriations, too, had
been  voted  for by nearly all of the Whig party,
see journals 2d session 24ih Congress.)   It must be
borne in mind that these Treasury notes were to
supply the place of the money actually collected
by law from   the  people, and deposited in pursu-
ance of the law of 1836, tor which the Whig party,
wih   few exception-1, voted, in  the State  banks,
where it  was either used  by  ihem for Iheir own
purpos s in speculation or otherwise, o: actually
locked   up and detained from the honest creditors
of the Government, I  care not which, by which
means the people severely suffereJ, and ihe Go-
vernment  was neatly  made bankrupt.   This bill
passed  this House on the  9ih of October (page
179)  by a vote  of 127 yeas,  of which 11 were
Whrgs, and 98 nays °f which 94 were Whigs and
4  were  Democrats,    it subsequently passed  the
Senate,  was  approved  by the President  on the
12th ef October, and  became a law.    Thus the
means for meeting our engagements were  a se-
cond   lime provided by Congress,   but  not   by
Wh'g   votes,    and   that   it   was   at   the   peo-
ple's expense I  have  shown  heretofore.     Tots
supply  was   only   for   one year,   and   was   a
palliative measure only, and not  what the peo-
ple wished—a permanent relief, or remedy for the
evil.    On  the   15th day of September, just ele-
ven days   after  the   meeting   of Congress  Mr.
Cambreleng, from  the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported   to the House bill Ho.  G, the
