April, 1840i
Appendix to the congressional globe.
4£1
26th Cong....1st Sess.
Branch Mint in North Carolina—Mr. Connor.
H. of Reps.
to, rose for ihe purpo<e of making  some exp'a-
nation.
Mr. Joseph Johnson hoped the gentleman
from New York would permit him to proceed
without interruption, as he had but a few words to
say, and would conclude in a very few minutes.
He would say, then, that the document, instead of
being smuggled into the committee room, had been
introduced at the instance ot a majority of the com-
mittee—the gentleman from New York being ihe
only member who voted against it, and who had
generally stood alone on all questions in re!a'ion
to this matter.
The resolution of the committee calling on the
Cleek for a repqrt in the following words:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives furnish to the Committee of Accounts a
statement of the contracts other than those dated
25th March and 23d December, 1839, which he
has made with S. D. Langtree for lithographing
■naps, and what lithography, authorized by the last
Congress, has been executed by S D. Langtree un-
der any contract, and at what price; and that he
furnish the committee a tabular statement, in de-
tail, showing the manner in which stationery has
been furnished the House of Representatives lor
the last three preceding Congresses, with the prices
paid for the same; stating the sources from which
he derives his knowledge of the different matters
contained in said statement: Provutrd, That the
committee i. not bound to receive the statements
as conclusive evidence of the facts set ferth therein.
The document called for by this resolution was
furnished by a sworn officer of the House, and if
there was a single error in any of the statements
made therein, he asked the gentleman from New
York to lay his finger upon it, and point it out.
That document was compiled from papers on file
in the Treasury Department, and the country
would thank the Clerk for furnishing the valu-
able information it contained. For his patt he
would say that, so far as his knowledge extendsd,
he would certify that the Clerk had been govern-
ed, in all his transactions, by honorable mi Uves.
He would also undertake to say that the stationery
furnished by the present officer had bean furnished
on terras at least equal to those on which station-
try had been supplied before.
If the House should deem it proper t3 recommit
the subject, and order an investigation into the con-
duct of ihe Clerk, the latter, he was authorized ti
say, would be very glad to have an opportunity of
meeting th^e charges.
Ye , said Mr J. the House may, if it chooses,
appoint another select committee of investigation,
wnh power to send for persons and papers. Tue
members of the commit'ee mght, if they pleaded,
follow the example of the Swartwout Committee,
and proceed to New York, at an expense ot nine-
teen dollars and thirty-three cents per day f< r each
individual, as will be seen by the account of that
committee herewith presented:
House of Representatives,                          Dr.
To Select Committee on Defalcations:
Cash paid Astor House for sixteen and a half
days1 board of six members, viz Messrs. Harlan,
Wise, Smith, Curtis, Hopkins, Dawson, and Mr.
Fendall, their clerk, (wines and liquors not in-
cluded) , -                        -           . $400 10
Extra charge for fuel, rooms, lights, etc. 110 00
Paid messenger - -           -            6 44
Mtssrs. Owens, Poster, and "Wegener's
b II at American Hotel        -           -       210 00
Mileage, 500 miles, tor nine members 1    1,800 00
Same for clerk            -                               200 00
$2,736 54
But this was not the only expense: the printing
alone growing out of this investigation amounted
to some e ghteen thousand dollars, so far as he
had ascertained.
They might, if they thought proper, lay another
tax upon Government of $50,000 which had been
paid for another committee of investigation, (that
of 1837, of which Messrs Wise and Peyton were
members.)
Bat, (said Mr. J.) let us not be decoyed further
uto «ror by the illegal, unauthorized, and danger-
ous example set us by our economical Whig friends
in relation to what is erroneously called "Investi-
gating Committees, ' obviously got up to influence
elections, and to subserve party purposes in Presi-
dent making, at the expense of the hard earnings
of the people. Sir, if precedent is to govern in fu-
ture; if the example set by the committee to which
I have referred, is to influence the future action of
Congress, then have we established th  principle
that the per diem compensation to investigating
committee , who may chance to travel out of the
District of Columbia, shall be at the rate of nine-
teen dollars and tmrty-three cents—liquors not in-
cluded.
Where, I ask, was the never-liricg, the sleepless
vigilance, then, of ihose sentinels on • the watch
lower, now so clamorous in favor of economy and
reform? Sir, they were voting into their own pock-
ets nineteen dollars and thirty- hree cents per day,
while many of their honest and more patriotic con-
stituents we>*e toiling from the early breakiog fonh
of the dawn till long after the sun had hid his face
in the far West, for the mere pittance of fifty-
cents.
Mr. Speaker, the object, then, was to create dis-
trust in ihe public mind, and to destroy the confi-
dence of the people. It failed to produce the de-
sired effect: the arrow mi-sed its maik. The whole
contrivance ended in smoke, as will also ihe inves-
tigation now proposed. The Swartnout investiga-
tion cost the Government eighteen thousand nine
hundred ninety-seven dollars and eighty cents, and
gentlemen mty, if they chose, impose a similar tax
on the people for this occasion, but rest assured a
day of reckoning will come.
Mr. J. concluded by opposing a recommitment
of the report, unless additional and specific charges
were  made.
REMARKS OF MR, CONNOR,
OitNORTH CAROLINA
In the House of Representatives, Jiprú 21, 1840—In
Committee of t\e Whole/on Mr. Stanlt's mo-
tion to strike fr«m thempropnation bill a part
of the sum proposed ror the branch mint at
Charlotte, North Caro/na.
Mr.  CONNOR sajd: Alt. Chairman, I regret
that the bianch mint a/JNorth Carolina should be
attacked, before it is e«n properly tested as an ex-
periment.     Its location is in the gold region of
North Carolina, where, not only the people there,
and immediately around it, are benefited, and feel
a deep interest in it, but the people of South Caro-
lina at large, and perhaps those of Virginia also.
A gen'leman   from   Pennsylvania   [Mr.   Ogle]
attacked   it the last   session,   and   distinguished
himself perhaps more for the violence of the attack
than any thing else; and then, if I mistake not, the
gentleman from North Caionna [Mr. Stanlt] had
vo ed  for, and sustained  the  mint.    Then, Mr.
Chairman, an at ack from the Pennsylvania gen-
tleman would not have   been  surprising; it was
lo be expected.    The principal mint is located in
Pmladelphia, his own Sta'e.     His principles in
favor of a monopoly, independent of his local or
State feeling upon ihe subject, might be a good rea-
son why he should desire  to abolish other similar
institutions, m order that the Mint at Philadelphia
might monopolize the whole coinage of the coun-
t y,  and that we,  the   people   of   North Caro-
lina, South   Carolina,   and   Georgia,   should  be
compelled    to   send   the    gold   gathered    from
and  in our  own  country,   to   Philadelphia,   to
be coined.    But, sir, the attack thus year does not
come from him; but fiom another quarter, least
expected.    Yes,   sir, strange a? it may appear, it
comes this year from one of North Carolina's own
sons, [Mr. Stanly ] who seems desirous of abo-
lishing  this   institution of   his own   State,   and
to  deprive the   people   of   North   Carolina, as
well   as those  ot   South  Carolina and Virginia,
who are inteiested in the gold finding, of a home
maiket for   the   product   of   their   labor,   and
thereby   compel    them   to  carry   their  gold   to
the monopoly   in  Philadelphia,   there   to   have
it coined, or to be shaved, by selling it in the
rough or crude state.   Sir, I regret this; and why
should it be so?   The people of my district, where
this branch of the mint is located, as well as the
people of the whole State have contributed, largely,
and freely their money to the Treasury of the na-
tion, for the support of their Government and
their counry. With the exception of the
amount used in the eastern portion of the State or
the seacoast—and that amount small—this is all
the money that ihe nation has expended in North
Carotina. This is, in fact, the first money ex-
pended in that part of the State, where the mint is
located, though it comprises nearly twa-thirds of
the population of the State. And this sum is small
indeed when compared wnh the disbursements
made in other Slates; yet the gentleman from North
Carolina would deprive his own State of the bene-
fits arising from it. Sir, it is true, the expendi-
tures in constructing, and purchasing the necessary
machinery, &c. is large.    It was also to be expected
that the products of this mint  would be small__
$262,000  having been coined in the two years
that i' has been in operation     When we look to
the mother Mint at Philadelphia,  we find that, in
the  first three years of its  existence,  there was
coined only about $500,000—that Mint coining for
the whole country, too.    The disproportion of the
product,   compaied  with the expenditures there,
I imagine would be as great as that at Charlotte;
and would the gentleman, had he been in Congress
at that day, have thought of abolishing it?   I think
not.   The branch mints are young—in fact, in
their infancy.   They are, as yet, an experiment.
Congress detmed it proper to make that expeii-
ment in 1834, when they ordered their construc-
tion.   They„then met their general approbation—
the benefit of the people and the good of the coun-
try were the   objects.     Gentlemen   may   have
been disappointed in their calculations as to the
amount that should have been coined.     Circum-
stances unforeseen and uncontrollable may have
prevented such an amount as some might hare ex-
pected.     The high price of cotton contributed to
prevent a full development of the operations of the
Southern branch mints.   It operated, during the
short existence of these mints, as it had heretofore
done,   to  wnhdraw   the labor from the  mines.
When the price of that staple is low, the quantity
of gold increases,  because the gold finding and
mining being the most profitable employments, la-
bor is brough  back to these objects.     This proba-
bly always  will be   the case.    The   people   in
my district, and the surrounding country, expe-
rience benefits from that branch mint, that they
are unwilling to give op;   and I feel confident
that this House will not deprive them of thia inte-
rest, by p ematurely abolishing the mint. They are
all interested in it—many, very many, of them, are
the owners of the land on which the gold is found,
and aie employed in digging and hunting for it.
When gathered they take it to the mint, and there
dispo-e of it for its value; and, as log cabins are the
go wnh the Opposition here, I will tell those gentle-
men that very many of my good constituents in the
gold region live in log cabins; but they are sound
Democrats, and not in the slightest degree tainted
or tinctured with Abolitionism.   Now,Mr. Chair-
man, suppose ihe gentlemen were to succeed in
abo.i'ning tne mint at Charlotte, and of eourse
the branches in Georgia and New Orleans—(but of
those I shall say nothing, because the Representa-
tives from those States are fully competent to de-
fend them—perhaps more so than I am to defend
our Nonh Carolina establishment—) what would
be the consequence? Why, sir, almost a total loss of
the amount of money expended in   their con-
struction and for the machinery, to say nothing
of   the   amount  paid   the   officers,    laborers,
&c___and that, in  two   years  after  they have
gone into operation. Sir, I cannot for a
moment suppose that Congress would thus
disregard the lights and interest ef those portions
of the countiy. This would not be all, sur. By
aboh hing those branch mints, you would at
once establish a monopoly at Philadelphia, xou
require all the gold that may be obtained tote
sent there; and might not the ^J™?""*8^
say to the people of the South, that tney shall
carry their coUon to Philadelphia as to carry"the*
gold' Both are products of our country and the re-
sult of our labor. Those establishments were in-
tended for the convenience and benefit of the people.
