4af           ____________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.________________April,  1840.
26th Cong... 1st Sbss              Granting a township of land to the Territory of Florida—Mr. FuUon.                             Senate.
Very many have realized benefits, aud very many
more will derive benefits, from them.
The gentleman from North Carolina has made
many charges against the superintendent of the    •
mint at Charlotte, Colonel Wheeler—that he is a
stockholder and director in a bank, that he en-
gaged in electioneering, attending public meetings,
and nominating candidates for Governors.    Sir, I
am acquainted with Mr. Wheeler; but his private
and pecuniary affairs I know nothing of myself.
He may be a stockholder and a bank director   I do
not kaow how or in what way the gentleman de-
rives his information, but I should ihmk the gentle-
man is misinformed   I never heard of it before, nor
have I ever heard that Mr. Wheeler was conspicu-
ous at public meetings. There would seem not to bea
necessity for it in Mecklenburg, where he resides
The Republicans are largely in the majority there
I beard, though I do not remember to have seen it
in pnnt, that Mr. Wheeler did attend a meeting in
Charlotte, the village in which he resides; and  if
that was the ene to which the gentleman alludes,  |
where he was and nominating a candidate for Go-
vernor, I doubt not but that he is correct, though I
do not know the fact myself.   Yet I feel very con-
fident, knowing Mr. Wheeler's political principles,
that he would have supported  General Saunders,
the Republican candidate for Governor    In  this
Mr. Wheeler has only exercised  the rights and
privileges that as yet belongs to every freeman,
and Í congratulate my constituents, and thank my
God that the sedition law that is to put a gag on
freemen, has not passed Congress.   Sir, I shall say
no more, and will take my seat with confidence
that the proposed amendment will be rejected.
On Mr. Cost Johnson's motion to strike out the
appropriation for the branch mints in Georgia
and New Orleans.
Wednesday, April 22.
Mr. CONNOR would trouble the committee with
but few remarks. He bad hoped, after the remarks
made yesterday, it would not have ben accessary
for him to say any thing now in relation to the
branch mint at Charlotte; but the gemleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] had brought forward
a variety of charges against the Superintendent. The
charges were unknown to him until this moment;
and although he could say but little about them, he
would unite with the geitleraan in expressing h s
unqualified disapprobation of the application ol
any portion of the money to the purpose of flowers
and shrubs, and other things merely ornamental.
He was glad, however, to find the amount so small,
be had feared, whan the gentleman commenced his
remarks, and the reading of the list, that it was
much greater, and although the amount was
small, if it should appear that this superintendent
abased his power, or used the money extravagant-
ly, or that any of those with whom he acted, had
committed abuses, he would be ready and
willing to express his disapprobation of it
There were, however, other considerations in
relation to the matter. Blamemust rest somewhere;
and he thought the gentleman from North Carolina
could not say that he was altogether free from it,
more than himself, and Congress, by whom the ap-
propriation was made.
Mr. C. then asked Mr. Stanly if he had not
himself voted for this very appropriation?
[Mr. S. said that he would answer the gentleman
when he came to reply to him.]
Mr. C. said that the gentleman had acknowledged
yesterday that he had voted for the mints
last year. This appropriation was made the
year before. He had not examined the
journal; but, as usual on approp lation bills,
the vote was a silent one, and that p entleman, ss
well as himself, must be considered as voting for
it, inasmuch as either of us did not oppose
it; and, therefore, the one was as deep m
the mud as the other was in the mire. Mr.
C. regretted that it was now too late to
correct it; the expenditure had been made,
and the account adjusted; were it otherwise, and to
be now settled, for one, he would decide against if.
But, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman appears to be
more out of temper with the officer (Col. Wheeler)
and rus politics, than with the mint and the extrava-
§ance. So far as he knew, the superintendent ol
tne mint was a very clever man, and he
wa  aware that his political principles were
directly the opposite of the principles of the
Sentieman from North Carolina. Mr. Wneeler
*as a Republican and supporter of the
Administration, and if he attended the meeting
which nominated General Saundeis, hs felt confi-
dent that he supported him as the candidate of the
Republican party for Governor. The gentleman
seems to think it censurable in Mr. Wheeler for
having charged for the services of his own ser-
vant. Sir, said Mr. C. Congress had appropriated
a certain amount of money for the employment ot
laborers in and about the mint, that being the case,
there could certainly be no crime, and he thought
no impropriety, in Mr. Wheeler receiving pay tor
the hire of one of his own servants, provided he
charged no more for his than the Government
wou'd have had to pay for tome other, and it
seems he did not. Ten dollars per month has
been about the usual pries in that part of the
country for a good servant. Some may bring
more. So far as the Government was c«n-
carned, it could certainly make no differ-
ence. The gentleman also alleges that the super-
intendent is a stockholder and director in a bank.
Mr. C could only repeat what he hid said yester-
day in relation to that charge, that he knows no-
thing of it himself, and had never heard of it until
yes'erday; but he would say that he wa> surprised
to hear that objection made to Col. Wheeler by
ihe gentleman from North Carolina, he being
a Bank man himself: it ought to have
been, with him, he supposed, a recommen-
da'ion. But supposing that to be case,
and he would not say it was not so, was it a
crime for a Democrat to have and to hold bank
stock1 Does the gentleman not know some De-
mocrats in North Carolina that own bank stock'
Although the Democrats generally had but little
surplus, yet sometimes one might be found who
had so managed to save a little, and mves ed it in
' bank. In some ins'ances they were profited by it,
I but in most they got their fingers burnt. But, said
Mr. C. strong as my aversion is to banks, and they
are stionsr, I confess, I would not consider the fact
of a man holding a little stock in a bank aught to
disqua'ify him lor orne . He was glad to say his
constituents were free from banking influence, or
any other g-.g They were yet free, and, as free-
men, wouU exerc se all Ihe privileges belonging to
them, and, so far as it was in his power, he would
protect and support them in their rights.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ogle]
had introduced the coinage of Mr. Bechler, that 1 
a case in point; and will show clearly the proprie-
ty of continuing the branch mint in North Caroli-
na. He is located, I believe, m the county of
Rutherford, and said to have coined about two
millions. This amount was gathered pnncipa'ly
in Rutherford and Burke counties; ^ome may have
gone 10 him from Mecklenburg—I do not know so.
There was another in Geor/ia, a Mr. Reed, who
coined, how much I know not. The amount
coined at those two places, entered into the circu-
lation, and the country had the benefit of it.
Bechier'  coin, I understand, is pure, wuhout al-
loy, and that is the difference between it and the
coin of the Government- This estab'ishment was
found convenient, serviceable, and indeed very
valuable to the people, saving to them much.
The gentlemen from Pennsylvania and Maryland
[Mr. Ogle and Mr Johnson] would abolish those
branch mints on account of the large sums neces-
sary to erect and keep them in operation, and the
small profits derived as yet from them. They
have been, sir, but two years in operation, and
have coined over $746,000. How was it with the
mint at Philadelphia? The first three years of its
existence, the whole amount coined was only
$453,541 80. Did any one, or could any one,
have thought of abolishing that institution at that
time? Sir, as a gentleman before me has remarked,
who ever heard of the coining of money being a
profitable and money making business1 It is, and
must always be, expensive to nations having and
employing them. To what will the argument and
reasoning of gentlemen lead, on the same pnn-
c p e as a basis? It would not be diffi-
cult to show that nine-tenths of the public
works and buildings should be abolished in
the United States; for many of your public buildings
and works have cost from halt a million to a mil-
lion of dollars. There are none here, however
economical, that would abandon and abolish those,
because less valuable and interior ones might be
put up; and, too, sir, on the same principle, the
gold found in our own country, and the bullion
bought, might be sent to London, and coined at the
British mint, and returned, at a cheaper rate than
our expenditure in doing it. Eut would any man
for a moment consent to such a course lor any
reason whatever Suppose gentlemen were to suc-
ceed in destroying the branch mmt>? What would
be the effect on North Carolina and the regions
around, where gold was found? How was it be-
fore the establishment of these? And where did
the gold—amounting annually for some years to
between one and two millions—go? It left North
Carolina, except what went to Beckler's, but never
returned. One portion of it was bought up on the
spot by foreigners, and went direct to Europe.
Another portion of it—gathered mostly by the poor
man, who had to submit to the operation ot being
shaved by the merchant and speculator. These
carried it to Pniladelphia, where it was coined, not
for the purposes of circulation, but in those times
it was turned over to that monster, the Bank of the
United States, who sent it to Europe, where they
received a premium of some six or seven per cent,
that went, not into the pockets of the people or the
Government, but into the pockets of the Bank. In
those days, our mint coined substantially for the
British. Neither the gold or the per cent, ever got
back to the poor gold-digger and tinder.
Now, sir, our mints coin for the benefit of our
own people. In my part of the country, until
within the last few years, gold coin was rarely to
be seen; and many there, who had lived to a good
age who had never seen on eagle or half eagle, the
coin of their own country. Since 1834, the case
was different it was frequently to be met with,
and all had a chance ot getting hold of a piece.
Mr. C. remembered years ago that, as a matter of
favor, at the clo«e of each session, the Bank of the
United States allowed each member to have about
forty dollars worth of gold. It was received most
thankfully, and was to rrost of us an interesting
sight. He had, at thu day, one or two of those
precious coins that he kept as a matter of curi-
osity.
In conclusion, he would ask why should those
branch mints be at acked. He would not doubt
but that the gentltmen had been influenced by pro-
per and correct motives. They, in his opinion,
had failed in assigning reasons satis'actory
for abolishing them. It must be apparent to all,
if they could succeed in abolishing those institu-
tions, that the large amount expended in theircon-
s'ruction, machinery, &e. would measurably be
lost to the Government. Such buildings and fix-
tures in a country town, in the interior of the
country, would not bring perhaps the one-twentieth
part of the amount expended in putting them there.
He was as much disposed to economize and check
extravagance, he hoped, as any gentleman. Give
those minis a fair trial they have been only two
years in operation. It was not reasonable in that
time to suppose ihey would do a great deal. If,
after a fair trial of the expsnment is had, it
should turn out that they do not answer the pur-
pose, and that the expenditure will not justify their
continuance, let them be then discontinued. He
could not, in justice to his constituents, give his
vote to abolish them now, and felt confident that
the House would reject the proposition.
THE DADE INSTITUTE.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 29, 1840.
The bill granting one township  of land to the
Territory of Florida, for the establishment of the
Dade Institute, being taken up,
Mr. FULTON rose to explain the object of the
bill, which was, te erect a monument to the brave
dead, who had fallen in the wilds of Florida, fight-
