April, 1840.
26th Cowg"-1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4£5
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
sovereignty of the State*, but the liberties of the
people
Is it not enough that the people of the West pos-
sess a country that claims many advantages over
the North in the temperature of its climate and
fertility of its soil, without asking us to make their
roads at an expense of fifteen or twenty thousand
dollars per mile?   Is it not enough that those who
have taken possesion of our public land*, in open
defiance of law, have demanded and received at
our hands, pre emption acts, graduation Zato?, and
laws confirming their Wies?   Sir, if I could but lake
these gentlemen to my district, and there let them
witness the enormous expense and toil that an in-
dustrious and enterprising popu'a'oa are subjected
to in making their roads passable through a moun-
tain region, I could not fail to satisfy them of the
gross   injustice   of   plundering   them   of   their
hard earnings  to  make roads for squatters and
pillagers upon our public domain.   Such an out-
rage upon our rights and our property is not only
making infractions and innovations upon the most
sacred obligations of the Constitution, but it is
tearing out its very vitals.   If the people of the
West want   roads,   we   are   very   willing   they
should make ihem at their own expense, as the peo-
ple of the North have done, without asking the aid
of the General Government.    But if gentlemen
will point out to me a constitutional power for
repaying to the people of Maine what  they  have
expended  for making roads  the last fifty years, I
shall be better prepared to reconcile an appropria-
tion for the Cumberland road to the principles of
equity and the constitutional powers and obliga-
tions of this Government.
The result of a system of internal improve-
ments, as pursued by Pennsylvania, Maryland,
and Louisiana, which has loaded their people with
a debt of about seventv-five millions, shou'd
warn this Government against its adoption. I
opposed the introduction of a system of internal
improvements in my own State, at a time when
this mama was sweeping through the country with
such fearful rapidity, and I can now congratulate
the people in escaping the vortex.
In the year 1825, an appropriation for the Cum-
berland road was before Congress, and I was re-
joiced to find one act during the temporizing policy
of Mr. Monroe's Administration, that was worthy
of commendation: that was his veto of the bill.
[Here Mr. P. read some extracts from Mr. Mon-
roe's veto message.]
At one time, we are told by the fr.ends of this
work, that it will enhance the value of the public
lands. If experience r.as not proved this illusive,
why have we been called upon so often to graduate
their pnce? In 1802, the public lands sold, in
Ohio, for two dollars per acre; but now they are
sold for one dollar and a quarter. Beside , sir, I
am told that there is not a loot of the Government
lands within fifty miles of the Cumberland road.
At another time, we are told, it will bind  this
Union together by the stronge-t ties.  Is this Union,
I ask, only kept together by  the  money  that is
robbed from the pockets of the peop e of one sec-
tion, to be expended in anothei?   Is that the only
ligament that binds the Western country to  this
Union?   I cannot, I will not believe it.     I hold
that this Union is bound together by more sacred
and stronger ties than mere dollars and cents: it is
cemented with the blood of tho«e patriots cf the
Revolution, which poured out like water, on the
fields of Lexington and Bunker's Hill, at Saratoga
and Yorktown; and it cannot be dissolved until
the deeds of a Washington, a Warren, and a Mont-
gomery, are lost to the knowledge of mankind.
Mr. Speaker, I have already detained the House
longer than I intended when I first rose. In con-
clusion, permit meto add, that, if the princip'es on
which alone this measure can succeed, find favor
in this House and favor throughout the Union—if
it is to become the settled policy of this Govern-
ment, you might as well trample your Constitu ion
at once under foot, and commit the destinies of the
country to thennrestrained discretion oe the central
power. A splendid const 1 dation will tread upon
the heels of a spkndid system of internal improve-
ments. This central power, with its hundred arms,
 nd in every band a bribe, will penetrate every
State of trm Union. You may, for a while, in-
deed, wear the mere forms and trappings of a free
fctate; but the canker vnll be at the heart. A gor-
geous de--pottsm, crushing beneath its iron heel the
1 berties of the people, or the scattered fragments of
ihe Union, wasting their blood and treasure in mu-
tuil strife, will tell the saa story of this last great
experiment of free institutions.
SPEECH OF MR. DUNCAN,
OF OHIO,
In the Howe of Repreientatives, ¿Ipril 10, 1840—On
the bill making appropriation for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year 1840.
Mr. DUNCAN having the floor, said:
Mr. Chairman: I believe the bill before the
committee is the general appropriation bi'l.
[The Chair answered it was ]
I will inquire if ihere is any particular amend-
ment, or any particular section of the bill, now
under discussion?
[The Chair answered, no.]
So I sopposeed, from the range and character of
the debate yesterday. The debate yesterday was
monopolized by the Opposition; and they talked of
every tbmg that is now, ever was, and is to come
—abuses of power, panic, rum, and desolation, of
our lamented countryi-and the profligacy and ex-
travagance of the Administration formed,as usual,
ihe principal themes, j Well, nr, I like such lati-
tude in debate; it is iO character with the liberal,
laiitudmarian, and frle spirit of our political and
religious institutions. I think I will foke advantage
of the latitude in debate now enjojfed, and talk of
some thing*, too, not immediately connected with
the subject before the committee1.
It is perhaps unnecessary f/r me lo inform the
people ot this country th.it apch is the frame and
character of our Government, that the Executive
has no power to' appropriate a dollar of the pub-
lic money for any purp*e, nor has he power to
expend a dollar only ayhe is authorized by Con-
gress. Whatever ofjfroflisacy may exist in the
management of this (government must be exclu-
sively charged to Co^rress; and yet the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Wise] stated on yesterday
that the Executive is, and has been, responsib'e
for the last six or seven yeirs for every dollar
which has been appropriated and expended by
Congress. The gentleman holds the Executive
responsib'e for that over wh'ch he has no control.
Can the President control the expenditures of Con-
gress? No, sir. Congress has ihe power of mak-
ing appropriations to any amount, and for any
parpóse, without consult ng the Piesident—without
his approbation, and contrary to his wish. The
power of the Piesident to proh bit extravagant ap-
propriations is negative; and even that power
avails him nothing, provided two-thirds mi each
branch of Congress vote for an appropriation;
for the bill making the appropriation, in that case,
is a law with or without his signature or approba-
tion. Sir, I refer you to the Preni'ent'a messages,
and to the reports and estimates of the Secretary of
the Tiea^ury for the truth of the fact, that one-half
of all the moneys appropriated is done by the au-
thority, and upon the responsibility of Congress
alone. The Secretary of the Treasury presents to
Congress estimates of the amount of appropriations
necessary for Government purposes, and the Presi-
dent endorses these estimates and recommends them.
Here his reponsibilny end. -; but Congress have
yearly made appropriations far above the estimates
of the Secretary of the Treasury, and for other
purposes entirely, than those recommended. Is the
Executive to be held responsible for such appro-
priations as these, and, in consequence of them,
denounced for extravagance and profligacy, far
and wide as the Union? The intelligence of an
honest community supersedes the necessity of reply
to such denunciations.
But let me refer you to the journals of this Honse,
for the truth of another strange fact. That is, that
more than three-fourths of all the appropriations
made, over and above the estimates recommended
by the Secretary, and endorsed by the President,
hare been proposed by the Opposition, and carried
by a majority of their votes. How does this fact
correspond with the never-ceasing howl of extra-
vagance with which we are annoyed, and with
which the country is perpetually alarmed?
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Cush-
ing] followtd in ihe wake of the gentleman from
Virginia, and concurs with him in holding the Ex-
ecutive responsib'e for such appropriations. Yes,
sir, he goes further: he not only holds him respon-
sible for such appropriations, but he holds him re-
sponsible for any estimates that he may recom-
mend, over and above what may strictly be wanted
for the ordinary support of the Government. Fur-
ther he holds the Executive responsible for failing
to recommend estimates and appropriations for
purposes of interna! improvements, when and
where they are or shall be necessary. This is
strict accountability on the broadest principles; and
what does it all mean1! Jt means, sir, l>t. If Con-
gress appiopnates money without the knowledge
and contrary to the wish of the President, he is to
be held responsible. 2d If the President recom-
mends one dollar over the estimates acually neces-
sary for Government purposes, for internal im-
provements, or any other purpose, he is to be held
responsible, and denounced íi r extravagance and
profligacy; and lastly, if the President withholds his
recommendation of appropriations for the purposes
of internal improvements, security on the seaboard,
&c. he is to be held responsible, and denounced for
"me anly sneaking and skulking" from the responsi-
bility and duties attached to his office.
Verily, these gentlemen remind me of a certain
Procrustes I once read of—a man of horrible cruel-
ty. It is said of him that he used to place on a
bed, travellers who fell into his hands, and if they
were too long for his bed, he cut off the projecting
part, and if they were too short, he placed anvi's
under their feet, and beat them out till they equalled
ihe lenath of the bed.
Mr. Chiirman, I am not extravagant when I say
one half of the time of this House is consumed by
ths Opposition m denouncing the Administration
for its profligacy and extravagance. If the Oppo-
sition are sincere in the charges which they make,
will the people not hold them to a fearful accounta-
bility fcr their gross neglect of duty when they are
appru-ed of the fact that not the first attempt has
been made by that party to reform the abuses of
which they complain? If such abuses exist,
the solemn oath they have taken, in pre-
sence of Heaven and man, to faithfully
discharge their offioial dunes, binds them to the
throne of eternal responsibility to their conscience
and to their country, to point out those abuses, and
to recommend a remedy. If they will, the Demo-
cratic party here, to a man, will gladly jmn with
them, heart and hand, in assisting them in reforma-
tion. Whe e are the abuses of which you com-
plain? Are there more officers than are necessary
to manage the Government? then point them out,
and they will be removed. Are there officers who
do not do their duty? point them ou , and they will
be reformed. Are the salaries of officers and
clerks higher than necessary to s cure men compe-
tent and qualified to dijcharge the duties and trusts
severally connected with their office'-'1 then point
them out, and they will be reduced. Sir, I have a
right to demand that the Opposition shall discharge
the duties I have here proposed. The country will
demand it at their hands, or tbey must cease their
clamor of profligacy against the Administration.
But they will not attempt to propose a reform, or
¿oint out an evil. They know that the Govern-
ment is as well and as economically administered
as it can be. They know that the business of the
Government cannot be administered with a J*><«
number of officers and clerks than are now em-
ployed; and they also know that competent men
cannot be obtained to discharge the official duties,
for salaries reduced below their present standard.
Extravagance and profligacy is the howl of the
demagogue in all Governments, and it is the howl
of the demagogue in this Government.
I have said that the Opposition have pointed to
no instance of extravagance. I was wrong. They
have pointed out one item. I allude to the public
printing. That item has been thrown up to the
Democracy more than one thousand times this 9es*
