4 SO
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1840.
26th Co** —1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Duncnn.
H of Reps.
faterf m the right, and marched to tb« poll , to cut
their suffrage m support of ihe Federal Whig Na-
tional Harnsborg convention ticket. General Har-
rison will be sustained, Abolitionist or no Aboli-
tionist, by all the Abolitioaists, as well as by the
Federal North and South anti-Abolitionists. John
Tyler, a slave bolder and a slave owner, will re-
ceive the enure Abolition and Federal Whig vote
Nona aad South.
It will be remembered that, in 1833, Henry Cay
was a caodidate for the Presidency on the Federal
aide. I believe, and such was universally the be-
be/, that he was a Mason of the highest order; and
that be stood upon the tip-top round of the maso-
nic tedder.    This will not be denied.
Darías Lyman, who was an Antimason, was
taken op and presented to the people of Ohio as
a candidate for the gubernatorial chair, by an Anti-
mason ic convention. This was at a time when
that miserable and contemptible demagogical
hobby, Antimasonry, was at its zenith. Aniima-
soas then were as the Abolitionists are now—ami-
Democrats; bat, strange to say, the Federal Ma-
sóos to a man sustained Mr. Lyman for Governor,
and in torn, and by way of reciprocity, the Anti-
masons to a man sustained Mr. Clay for the Presi-
dency. Soch is ihe frail'y of man when beset by
political ambition and the love of power; the so-
lemnity of an oath, peace of conscience, and the
sacred ties of religion, are alike their victims'of
Sacrifice. Aftd I now predict, with more confi-'
dence than Daniel predicted the destruction of Ba-
bylon, that all the factions opposed to ihe cause
of Democracy, all ihe princes of factions, the
Governors and captains, the judges, the counsel-
lors, the treasurers, and the sheriffs of factions,
will be gathered loeether at Ura to worship
Nebuchadnezzar's golden image, and the Jew
will desert his God and the religion of Israel, and
the Pagan will desert his idol, and abandon the
sacred mysteries of his temple, and will fall pros-
trate before the image at the sound of the cornet,
flute, harp, sackbnt, psaltry, {dulcimer, timbrel,
jews-harp, banjo, and tambarine. Yes, sir, at the
ncd of Federalism, all oiher isms most fall pros-
trate. Bat it will not all do. Babylon must sink
in wickedness, poluiion, and idolatry. In the
night of feasting and debauchery, the Cyrus of
Democracy will destroy it.
Yes, sir, Abolition Whigery of the North will
be Whig Abolition of ihe South, both full
blooded twins Of blue light Federalism, whether in
the North or in the South; and the man must be a
wilful liar or a stupid fool, who will attempt to
affix ei'her to the support of this Administration, or
identify eiiher of ihem with the Democratic paity
or the Democratic principles. In support of what
I say, permit me to read two small extracts from
the Philanthropist of March 31st, 1840. The Phi-
lanthropist is a leading, and one of the most tho-
roughgoing Abolition papers of the day. But here
are the extracts. I rea 1 from a long article headed
"the prtient Jidminislr alum:"
"The present Administration, it is generally conceded, is es-
sentially Southern in its principles and policy; it is distinguished
by its devotion to the foreign and domestic interests of slavery,
perharr  more than by any other feature. The protection of slave
labor «cms to he its controlling principle. True, the freemen
of ihe North and West number more than twice as manyas
those of the South, but they are supposed to have do pecu
liar interests, or the protection of free labor is a minor consi-
deration. The aristocratso( the South give law to the Govern-
ment, and Mr. Van Bnren is their vassal Executive.
••Another vie* of the subject we would present. Should
the Van Buren party, after having rested its hopes of success
to a «rreat extent on its anti-Abolition warfare, be defeated, it
would be the best thing that couli happen for them, as well as
the free States. Fro n that moment the party would find it
convenient to cut loose from the South. The conviction would
arise that it had been leaning on a broken reed, and that there
was a power at home which it was of more consequence to
conciliate than the slaviholding interest. It is the vocafon of
Abolitionists u> emancipate parties from thraldom to this inte-
rest. This they can do by creating such a mass of anti-slavery
sentiment in the free States, and so directing it that it s all
at once crush the politician who may venture in a single par-
ticular to pander to the wishes of the slaveholder."
Comment on these extracts is unnecessary; but I
cannot leave them without notice.
So far as the Administration and the Democracy
of the free Stairs are charged wiih undue Southern
influence and vassalage, it is a reckless falsehood
and a broad slander, worthy of a demagogue and a
LIAR steeped in moral depravity aad political cor-
rp,Pfl0w,
The Atlmimsiration and the Democracy of ihe
North are as much devoted to the cause ot philan-
thropy, universal emancipation, and the happiness
of the human family, as the modern Abdition
Whig party. But the Administration and tho De-
mocracy of the free States are devoted, too, to the
perpetuity of this Union, the peace and order of so-
ciety, the preservation of the Constitution, and the
maintenance of the sovereignty and independence
of the States, and the peacelul enjoyment of iheir
domestic institutions, which were guarantied to
ihem at ihe formation ot the Federal Government,
and the guarantee of which security constituted a
principal condition upon which the Federal Union
was formed.
Sir, we have had some fine disquisitions in the
Pres'dent making speeches here, on the transcen-
dent military services of the Federal candidate for
the Presidency.
It is not my purpose, for one moment, to throw
the slightest shade over any fame that General
Harrison may have acquired in the last war; but
it must astound every national and consistent
man in the Union, that the Federal Whigs should
select a military man as a candidate for the Pre-
sidency. Sir, indulge me a short time, while I
show some of the inconsistency of this self-styled
consistent and decency party.
What did the Federal party say of the last war,
and of military men? Hear them. I read from
theO.ive Branch:
"Let no man, who wishes to continue the war by active
means, by vete or lendina money, have to prostrate himself
at the alt ¿r on the fast day, for they nn actually as much
partakers in the war as the soldier who thrusts the bayonet,
and thejudgment of God tcill await them.
'■Will federalists subscribe to the loan, (Governmentloan;)
will they lend money to our national rulers? It is impossible,"
&c.
"Any Federalist who lends money to the Government, must
go ami shake hands with James Madison, and claim fellowship
with Felix Grundy. Let himno more call himself a Federal-
ist and friend to his country. lie will be called by others in-
famous ! i !■'                                                 *
"It is very grateful to find that the universal sentiment is,
that any man who lends his money to the Government at the
present time, will forfeit all claim to common honesty and
common courtesy among all true friends to the country."—Bos-
ton Qazr.ttc.
"We have only room this evening to say that we trust no
true friend to his country will be found among the subscribers
to the Gallatin loan."—N. Y. Evening Post.
"No peace will ever be made till the people say there shall be
no war. If the rich now continue to furnish money, war will
continue till the mountains are wetted with blood, till every
field in America is while with the bones of the people."—Dis-
course by Elijah Parrish, D. D.
Sir, 1 could read an hour from this collector! of
Federal sayinssand doctrines, but I will not detain
the committee; but, be it remembered, that at the
time of these denunciations, the clouds of war
hung the heaviest, ihe work of plunder, burning,
and death, beset our whole seaboard, and our fron-
tier was exposed to the savage rifle, the scalping
knife and tomahawk, and the torch of the Indian
—the Government was oppressed and borne
down with pecuniary embarrassments—every
institution of the Government was sinking, and
every prospect withering, from the same cause,
but what do we find now, sir? The same Federal
party sustaining a military man for the fir.-t office
in their gift; for the Presidency of the United
State ; and predicating his claims upon his military
services in that very war which they so violently
denounced, and upon whica they invoked, from the
sacre da.tar, ihe vengeance of God. But that was
a long time ago. Well, what did the Federalists
say in 1824, when the Democracy sustained Gen.
Jackson for the Presidency? Why, sir, it will be
remembered by every person who hears me, that
every political journal in the country teemed with
the most solemn admonitions against placing the
Government in the hands of a military chieftain;
we were referred to the subversion and [downfall
of every Republic wh ch. had gone before us by
military despotism. Such warnings were in the
mouth of every Federalist in the land at that time,
and were brought to bear against the election of
General Jackson, with all the force they could be
urged through every possible medium.
Hear Mr. Clay, in his address to the people of
the Congressional district composed of ihe counties
of Fayette, Woodford, and Clark, in Kentucky:
"In his [General Jackson's] electio.i to this office, too, I
thought I perceiveí the establishment of a fearful precedent,
and I am mistaken in all the warnings of instructive history, if
I erred in my judgment,    Undoubtedly there are other and
many (Lingers to public liberty, besides that which proceeds
from military idolatry; but I have yet to acquire the know-
ledge of if, if there be one more perilous or more frequent.'"
[National Intelligencer, March 31, 1835.
To this, all the Federalists said, amen.
But here is mere. Mr. Clay, in his letter to
Jud^e Brooke, dated Washington, January 28,
1825, says:
"As a friend of liberty, and to the permanence of our institu-
tions, 1 c innot consent, in this early stage of their existence, by
contributing to the election of a military chieftain, to give the
strongest guarantee that this Republic will march in the fatal
road winch has conducted every other Republic to ruin."
[National Intelligencer, February 12,1825.
This was strong language, and fearful and so-
lemn admonition. It was thought, however, by
some, that this warning was urged with more out-
ward than inward zeal, to secure him against the
indignation of the Republican party and the suspi-
cions of the Federal party, in his somerset from
the former to the latter. Bat he continued bis
warnings in deep sighs of prophecy and Jeremiah
lamentations. Hear what he says in 1829, at at
public dinner:
"I deprecated it (Gen. Jackson's election) still more, because
his elevation I believed would be the result, exclusively,,of ad-
miration and gratitude foi military service, without regard to
indispensable civil qualifications. lean neither retract or mo-
llify or alter any opinion which on these subjects I have at any
time heretofore expressed.
"I beheld in his election an awful foreboding of the fate which
at some fuuiie day (I pray God that if it ever arrive, it may
be some far distant (lay) was to befal this infant Republic. All
past history liad impressed on his mind this solemn apprehen-
sion. Nor is it effaced or weakened by cotemporaneous event*
passing upon our own favored continent.
"It is remarkable that at this epoch, at the head of nine inde-
pendent Governments, established in both Americas, military
officers have been placed, or have placed themselves. Gen.
Loyalla ha? by military force subverted the Republic of La
Plata; Gen Santa Cruz is the Chief Magistrate of Bolivia; Col.
Pinto oi Chili; Gen. La Mar of Peru; and Gen. Bolivar of Co-
lombia; Central America rent in pieces and bleeding at every
pore from wounds inflicted by contending military factions, is
under the alternate sway of their chiefs.
"In tho Government of our nearest neighbor, an election
conducted according to all the requirements of their Constitu-
tion had terminated with a majority of the States in favor of
Pedeza. the civil candidate. An insurrection was raised in be-
half of his military rival. The cry, not exactly of bargain, bo*
of corruption, was sounded; the election was annulled, and a
reform effected, by proclaiming General Guerrero, having only
a minorit. of the States, duly elected President.
"The thunders from the surrounding forts, and the acclama-
tions from the assembled muhiiudes, on the fourth, (March,>
told us what General was at the head of our affairs."
[Ifat. Intelligencer, Marcha, 1829.
I have one more extract to read, which is perti-
nent: and I hope it will be remembered by all who
hear me, and all who may read me, while I am
reading extracts from Mr. Clay1* speeches, that I
am nst reading the sentiments of a single indivi-
dual, but the sentiments of the whole Federal tribe,
as expressed through every Federal sheet in the
land, by every Federal orator, and every Federal
babbling, noi«y politician, from the largest to the
smallest, and in some instances from the pulpit
and the sacred desk.
Now for the last extract:
"In 1838, not two years since, Mr. Clay said in the United)
States Senate, he (Mr. C.) had also been charged as having left his
country and her councils with execrations, going home with
restlessness and disgust, and as returning back to annoy the;
country. What was the ground of 'his charge? Mr. Chad re-
turned under urgent necessities--his office had been unsolicited,
and he had resolved to do his duty in these struggles and these
times, and he had denounced a military aspirant, and had de-
nounced him in language which he was proud to have used,
when he had exclaimed, 'send us war, pestilence, and famine,
rather than curse us with military rule;' and if he could then
have foreseen that this execrable measure (the Sub-Treasury
bill) would have been introduced by the influence which he
then deprecated, he would then have denounced it as he-did
now, as not at all preferable to war, pestilence and famine,
and as not inferior to any one of them in its malign effects .on
the welfare and prosperity of the country."—Reported in the
National Intelligencer, June 25th, 1838.
What a man this Mr. Clay is! From 1825 up
to 1838, his solemn admonitions to man, and his
sincere prayers to God, were, that our country had
better be blighted and withered in famine, desolated
with pestilence, and drenched in blood, than that a
military man (General Jackson) should be Presi-
dent, and in 1838 said, virtually, that rather than
this Government should collect, keep safe, and dis-
burse its own revenue, in the management of its
own fiscal operations, or rather than the banks
should cease to rule the Government, the country,
and the people, he preferred that the country should
he desolated with war, pestilence, or famine. Is
this the raving of madness, or the madness of ra-
vin ?
Mr. Chairman, if you can find,in the whole his-
tory of human depravity, sentiments invcipjng,in
