April, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4 SI
26th Cono......1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
the abstract, more theoretical wickedness, reckless
ambition, and mcral debasement, than these senti-
ments do, you will have io read that history over
once more than I have. Bat *ase as they were,
benighted in wickedness as the brain must have
been that conceived them, corrupt as the heart was
that cherished them, and poisoned as the tongue
'and lips were that gave them birth, the whole Fede-
ral pack yelped Amen lo them. But what do you
think now, sir? In the face of all these solemn
warnings and impressive admonitions, and in the
face of all these appeals to heaven to visit this
land with all the other combined calamities, either
of the anger of God or the folly of man, rather
(baa this people should be ruled executively by a
military man, that same Federal party, with that
same Henry Clay at their head, are now moving
heaven and earth to place the Executive Govern-
ment in the hands of a military man!.' Monstrous !
and that, too, on the open and professed ground of
transcendent military services! for no other claims
or pretensions are urged. I will leave comment
en such conduct to those who may read me
wiih these simple inquiries. At the time of which
I >m speaking, were you sincere when you were
warning the Democracy, in long groans, deep sighs,
and with tears in your eyes, of the fatal conse-
quences that would result from placing the Execu-
tive Department of this Government in the hands
of a military captain? If you were sincere, yo«t
are now praciHng a base fraud upon the American
people, and voluntarily and wilfully endangering
the civil and political institutions of your coun-
try by attempting to give a military captain the
control of the Government.
But if you are now sincere in pushing the claims
of General Harrison, on the ground of gratitude
for his military services, and you believe the Go-
vernment will be safe in the hands of a military
chieftain, you were then practising a base fraud
npon the American people, and your whole ef-
fort to prevent the election of General Jack*on
was the result of deception, fraud, and demagogism.
How will you reconcile your conflicting conduct
with an intelligent, honest, patriotic,, and cand d
people! Will you attempt an explanation of your
conduct, or will you rest your demagogisms, as you
always have done, on what you believe to be the
thoughtless stupidity and ignorance of what you
call the "common petraíe?"
But I will proceed to examine what the military
claims of General Harrison are; and let me remind
you that it is not my purpose to throw the slightest
shade over the military reputation of General
Harrison, or pluck a leaf from the wreath which
his successes in the field may have secured to him.
But when General Harrison's military services are
presented as claims upon the suffrages of the Ameri-
can people, for the highest civil office in their gift,
it becomes the right and the duty of every citizen
to.examine and inquire into the character, quality,
and extent of those services new set up as a claim.
It is now, in the Federal sheet*, and by the party
orators, proclaimed with eraphash, and published
in capials, that General Harrison's military career
and military services never we¿re assailed until
after be was presented as a candidate for Presi-
dent. Well,sir, this is very creditable to him, and
a proud boast for him and his party if true; but how
frail are all human calculations and boasts ! Just
indulge me while I blow up this political air cas-
tle; this paper balloon/inflated with wordy gas,
on which General Harrison is to ride to the Presi-
dency.
Here, sir, is an extract from the journals of the
Senate of the ÜBited States, as reported in Niles's
Reeister:
The Senate resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion directing medals to be struck, and, together with the thanks
of Congress, presented to Major General Harrison and Governor
Shelby, and for other purposes. After some disuussion, Mr.
Laeocfc moved to amend the resolution, by striking therefrom
Major General Harrison. The motion was determined in the
affirmative, by the following vote:
"Yeas—Messrs. Gillard, Gore, Hunter, King, Lacock, Mason,
Roberts, Thompson, Tackson, Tait, Turner, and Varnum—12.
"Nays—Messrs. Barber, Barry, Conilit, Horsey, Macon.
M°n w,Ruggles, Talbot, Wells, and Williams—10.
Whether the Senate was right or wrong in this
signal, lasting and withering rebuke of General
Harrison, it does not affect the windy boast that
" General Harrison's military character never was
Mtmlei until h« was presented « a candidate
.or President. It will be seen that this vote of the
Senate was had in the fore part of 1816, just at
the close of the war, when the services of the brave
were fresh in the grateful recollection of every
friend to his country. The discription of success-
ful battles dwelt in delight upon the lips of every
patrio', and the songs in praise of those who dis-
tinguished themselves were echoed from hill
to hill, and from mountain to mountain, from
one end of the continent to the other. It will be
remembered, too, that no individual or association
of individuals could be supposed to he belter ac-
quainted with the military character and merits of
those who served in the last war, than were the Se-
na'ors of the United States. The Senate is the
highest, most responsible, and most honorable
ribunal in the American Government. Its mem-
bers are composed of those who are selected for
their wisdom, their integrity, and their patriotism.
It is the province and the duty of the United States
Senate to award honor and thanks to whom honor
and thanks are due, bat this was the honor and
thanks which were meted to General Harrison,
at a time when the sheet of the war history had
hardly dried, and when the echo of the song of
praise had not died on the distant bills, I believe
the Senate done wrong in withholding the vote of
thank?, and the medal propostd in the resolution,
and so the Senate subsequently thought; for a
vote of thanks and the medal were awarded.
" But deny me honor, rather than praise me
faintly," Such, was the praise the Senate bestowed
on General Harrison.
So much for the Senate journal. I will now ask
the Clerk to read the public letter of Joseph Dun-
can, ex Governor of Illinois; a staunch modern
Whig, and a violent opposer of the present Admi-
nistration. I like to convict the Whig? with evi-
dence from iheir own mouths; but here is the letter.
The Clerk read:
Letter of General Duncan, Governor of Illinois.
" Washington City, March 25,1836.
" Dbak Sib: Your letter of the 20ih has been received, and I
most cheerfully comply with your request, in giving such an
account of the transactions at Sandusky, as my memory, at
this period, and my time, will enable me to do.
" About the 20th of July, 1813, General Harrison, then at
Lower Sandusky, hearing that the British army had crossed
Lake Erie to Fort Meigs, being about five thousand strong, im-
mediately changed his head quarters to Seneca, seven or eight
miles up the Sandusky river, where he assembled his forces,
then on the match from the interior, leaving Major Croghan,
with about 150 men, to defend Fort Stephenson, with an under-
standing at the time, that the fort, then in a weak and wretched
condition, was to be abandoned, should the enemy advance
with artillery, but if not, to be defended to the last extremity.
"Harrison, with hi  force, then small, had scarcely left us,
before Croghan commenced putting the fort (which was only a
stockading of small round logs, and a few log store houses) in a
proper state of defence, in which he evinced the most admira-
ble ludgment and the most untiring perseverance.
"Daring the last ten or twelve day  that intervened between
the time that Gen. Harrison left us and the appearance of the
enemy, a ditch was dug, four feet deep and six feet wide, en-
tirely round the fort, outside of the stockading, the ground for
200 yards round the fort was cleared of timber and brush, and
many other preparations made for the enemy.
"About this time Gen. Harrison received information that
the enemy had raised the siege at Fort Meigs, and had started
in the direction of Sandusky and Camp Seneca. On receiving
this intelligence he determined to retreat from his position, and
immediately sent an express to Fort Stephenson, which ar-
rived about sunrise, ordering Maj. Croghan to burn the fort,
with all the munitions and atores, and retreat wi haul delay to
headquarters, giving, also, some precautionary instructions
about the route, &c.
"Ob receiving this order, Croghan instantly placed it in the
hands of the officers, who were all present, and required them to
consider it and express an opinion of the propriety of obeying
or disobeying it. The board was fowned, and on puHing the
question, beginning, as usual, with the youngest officer, it was
ascei taineil that a majority of us icerefor disobeying the order.
Croghan returned to the room, and being informed of our direc-
tions, said, "I am glad of it; I had resolved to disobey at
ALL hazards," and immediately despatched an express to
Gen. Harrison, giving him that information. Immediately on
the arrival erf this express Gen. Harrison despatched Lt. Col.
Ball, with his equadron of dragoons, with orders to arrest Cro-
ghan, and bring him to headquarters, (which was done,) and
sent another officer to lake command. By this time, in conse-
quence «f his net arriving agreeably to his expectations
and orders, the Genera) abandoned all idea of a retreat, although
his munitions and stores were piled up ready toibe set on fire
as soon as Croghan should reach Seneca; and it is not to be
doubted that if Croghan had arrived according to orders SQr-
General Harrison would have retreated instantly, leaving the
whole frontier, our fleet at Erie, and the store at Cleveland—
the destruction of which was the object of the invasion and
movements down the lake—at the mercy of the enemy ! !
"After being detained one night, Croghan returned to San-
dusky, and was reinstated in his command; an occasion which
gave an indescribable joy to the officers and soldiers in the fort,
and which only could be equalled, in intensity offeeling, by the
chagrin and mollification felt at bis arrest. Especially was
the event pleasing to those officers who had sustained him in
disobeying the order, resolved as they were, when be was ar-
rested, to share his fate, be it good or evil.
"Soon after his return, the enemy so leng expected, made hi 
appearance, and demanded a surrender. Crogan answered, by
directing Ensign Shipp to assure General Proctor that it weulfi
be blown to--------first.
"I need hardly say, after what has been related, that their
apperrance, relieving us from our long suspense, was hailed
with seemingjoy by the Major, and mos:, if not all, of his com-
mand.
'The excitement produced by what had occurred, and his re-
turn just in time to meet the enemy, inspired his command
with an enthusiasm rarely, if ever, surpassed, and which alone
renders man invincible.
"The fort was forthwith besieged, cannonaded,and bombarded,
from the gunboats and the batteries on land, for nearly four
hours, without cessation; during all which times every officer
and soldier appeared to be animated by the cool and manly bear-
ing of the commander.
"I well remember his expression at the first sound of the bu-
gle, given by the enemy as the signal for the charging upon the
works. We were sitting together; he sDrung upon his feet,
saying, 'Duncan, every man to his post, for in twenty minutes
they will attempt to take us by storm. Recollect, when you
hear my voice crying relief, come to me with all the men that
can be spared from your part of the line." He instantly passed
up the line, repeating to every officer, and had scarcely got the
men in place before the whole British army, divided into three
columns, marched upon the fort, and made a desperate assault,
continuing it for near an hour, when they were repulsed with
a loss of killed and wounded, estimated at that time to be near
double the number in the fort, and is stated by English writers
to be about ninety.
"During the engagement, I saw Croghan often, and witnessed
with delight his intrepid and gallant conduct, which, I firmly
believe, never has been surpassed at any time, on any occasion.
"In the heat of the action, I frequently heard him exclaim,
'huzza, my brave fellows, we are hewing them to pieces; five
minutes more, and we'll blow them to —. By H—n, every
officer and soldier hasimmortalized himself,' &c. And through
out the whole affair, he evinced the greatest selicitude for the
safety of every one but himself.
"The sagacity displayed in arranging the cannon, so as to open
a mask embrasure to rake the enemy in the ditch, at a point evi-
dently selected by them for the breach—in placing the logs
on pins near the tap of the picket, which could be tilted off by
one man, and from twenty to thirty feet long, of heavy timber,
swept every thing before them—his activity in piling bags of
sand against the pickets wherever the enemy attempted to make
a breach with their cannon, by which means each poiet  f
attack grew stronger from the moment it was assailed, are wor-
thy of any general at any age.
'• You are right, sir, in my judgment, in 'saying tbat the Go-
vernment has has not done j ustice to Col. Croatian for his eon-
duct in that affair, which is without a parallel in the militar]/
annals of our country.
" As to myself, having acted a very subordinate part, I never
did, nor do I now, set up any claims for distinction. To knew
that I did my duty to my country, though not hardened mta
manhood, was th n, and is now, enough for me. But of him
feet no hesitancy in saying injustice has been done to him 
being overlooked by the Government, and the erroneous state-
ments of historians.
"M'Affee, the historian of the late war, and Dawson, the bio-
gtapher of Gen. Harrison, have studiously kept  ul of view
that the object of the invasion was the destruction of our ships,
under Com. Perry, at Presque Isle, and boats and stores at
Cleveland—these were looked upon with solicitude by the Bri-
tish—were reconnoitered—and on one or two occasions were at-
tempted to be destroyed by landing on board their fleet. They
have also failed to account for the movement of the whole Bri-
tish forces down the lake, in the direction of Cleveland and
Erie, before their defeat at Sandusky, which was attacked te
satisfy their Indian allies, who demanded the scalps and plun-
der of the place. They have kept out of view the fact that
Gen. Harrison had determined to retreat to the interior, after
burainet all the supplies which he had collected; KJ-thal be
ordered Major Croghan to abandon and burn Fort Stephenson;
that his refusal to obey, and failure to arrive at headquarters,
prevented this retreat and consequent destruction of our fleet,
millions of public stores, and exposure of five hundred mile* of
frontier to the combined enemy!
"B.ith have stated that Gen Harrison never doubted that Ma-
jor Croghan would be able to repulse an enemy of neai two
thousand, and which they say he understood to be five thousand,
with one hundred and thirty men, his effective force on the day
of battle, one six-pounder with ammunition for only «even
shots, and about forty rounds for the small arms; when the fact
was notorious, that Gen. Harrison was heard to say during
the siege, when the firing could be heard in his camp, speaking
of Croghan, "the blood be on his own head; I wash my hands
of it!" not doubting for a moment, nor did any one with him,
that the garrison would be cut off.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH DUNCAN.
Col. Preston, Military Committee, Senate.
I now submit a protestation issued from "Grand
Camp Ohio Militia, August 29, 1813" .1 will ask
the Clerk to read this protestation, and I regret
its length will prevent its introduction in my printed
remarks; but its object and meaning will be under
stood by the resolutions with which it concludes.
It is signed by a number of the officers, now be-
onffing to both pollitical parties.
The Clerk read as follows:
*   Therefore,
"Resolved, That we place the most implicit confidence in his
Excellency, Return J. Meigs, as commander-in-chief of the mi-
itia of this State, and that we view him as a wise andjudiciou 
Chief Magistrate.                                                     .         „
"Resolved, Tnat after the various requisitions and compli-
cated demands from his Excellency, Major General Harmon,
we highly approve of his Excellency, the Governor a, conduct
on the occasion, and fully coincide with him in the propriety oi
leaving force sufficient to answer any emergency.           „_„„
"Resolved, That we regret the backward stateioftfe«prepa-
rations was such as to exclude the troops called to the relief of
Fort Meigs, as well those who returned as toeprorwrtion
retained, from participating in «be present campaign, for which
:ney djBcovireu bo great an anxiety.
