April, 1840._______________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE            _______________       431
26th Cong.....-1st Sess.                                  Appropriation Bill—Mr. Duncan.                                                     H. of Reps.
pages of American history. lis history is not bet-
ter known than the fact that Col. R. M. Jchnson is
its hero. If ingratitude could palsy the tongue, he
would be made dumb who would deny him the
name of hero and the cosquerer of the Thames.
The indignation of a proud and grateful nation
will rest upon the wretch who will attempt to rob
or steal the escutcheon dedicated by a nation's gra-
titude to Col. R. M. Johnson for his bravery, gal-
lantry, and patriotism, in the battle of the Thames.
Sir, in that batile he gained lautels which do him
the highest honor in life and will adorn his memo-
ry in death, while there is a free American on
whose lips his name can dwell. Who ever before
beard Gen. Harrison called the Hero of the
Thames? Why, the phrase, "Col. Johnson, the He-
r* of the Thames," is so identified with American
pronunciation, that no tongue of the present gene-
ration can be taught to pronounce the name of
Gen. Harrison, as a substitute for Col. Johnson,
by prefixing it to "Hero of the Thames."
Sir, this base attempt at robbery of the
honors ef Col. Johnson necessarily compels me
to ask your attention a few moments while I at-
tempt a short description of the battle of the
Thames, and the several parts that Gen. Harrison
and Col. Johnson performed in it.
As it is not my purpose to give a histoiy of the
last war, nor of the march of the Northwestern ar-
my from Fort Maiden to the river Thames, I will
commenc? my description on the battle ground; and
as it is the relative claims to honor of Gen. Harri-
son and Col. Johnson that are at issue, my descrip-
tion thall be principally with refeience to them.
The enemy was overtaken by the American
troops, on the river Thames, about a mile and a
half below the Moravian towns. The British re-
gulars, in number six or seven hundred, were
stretched across a narrow piece of ground, with the
river on their left, and a long deep narrow swamp
on their right. The Indians were posted on the
right of the British on the other side of the swamp,
commencing at the edge of the swamp and extend-
ing to the right in the form of a half moon.
Colonel Johnson, with his mounted regiment,
first overtook the enemy, and were in advance
of the infantry sone three or four miles.   As soon
as the enemy   was overtaken, and his position
known, General Harrison, who was with the in-
fantry, was informed thereof. As soon as Colonel
Johnson discovered the enemy, and his position, he
formed his troops in charging   columns, except
one company of  spie , which was dismounted,
and stretched across between the riTer and the
swamp in open order before the charging columns,
and fronting the British line.   At the moment this
form of attack was executed, General Harrison ar-
rived; and, upon consultation with Colonel John-
son, permitted him to charge the enemy, and re-
turned himself to the infantry, which was about a
mile at that time in the rear.  When General Har-
rison left Colonel Johnson, it was supposed that the
swamp could not be crossed.    Consequently, the
attack could not be made upon  the  Indians and
British at the same time.   It was therefore agreed
that Colonel Johnson should be permitted to fight
the British alone, first, because there was not room
for the cavalry and infantry to fight at the same
time, and secondly, because infantry and cavalry
cannot fight together on the same ground at the
same time.   After General Harrison left Colonel
Johnson, the latter discovered that the swamp could
be crossed.    Colonel Johnson  then ordered   his
brother, Lieutenant Colonel James Johnson, to take
command of the first battalion, and attack the Bri-
tish at the sound of the bugle, when he at the same
moment would attack the Indians.   Colonel John-
son crossed the swamp with the second battalion,
and, by three charging columns, made the attack
on the Indians at the same moment that his brother
James attacked the British, both at the sound of the
bugle. In less than fifteen minutes after the charge
wis made on the  British, they surrendered; they
were ordered to stack their arms, and were con-
ducted by James Johnson prisoners of war to Gen.
Harrison, and delivered to him at the head of the
infantry, a mile in the rear of the battle.   By per-
mission of General Harrison, James Johnson re-
turned and joined his brother, Celonel Richard,
«8
who was still fighting, and engaged with his batta-
lion in the fight with the Indians. I have stated
that Col. RicharJ M. Johnson made the attack on
the Indians by three charging columns, but that
mode of attack proved unsuccessful, owing to the
thicket or underbrush and other obstructions which
covered the ground, which made horses useless.
The men were ordered to dismount, and fight the
Indians in their own way, and in that way the bat-
tle was finished, and victory obtained.
At the onst t of the battle Colonel Johnson was
at the head of what was called the forlorn hope,
(twenty select men) and that hope in front of the
charging columns. On the charge, and at the first
fire, every man of that hope was cut off or un-
horsed, except the Colonel himself, (and one other,)
who received several wounds. After they were
dismounted, Col. Johnson still continued in the
front of the battle, and between his men and the
Indians, until he came in contact with Tecumseh,
and shot him. When the Indians saw their Chief
fall, they took flight, and were purrued by Major
Thompson for some distance. Colonel Johnson
sunk under his wounds, and was borne from the
field.
Where was General Harrison during this ac-
tion? My colleague [Mr. Corwin] says, that he
was in the rear, where he ought to have been; but
some of the demagogues and hired minions of the
day, say "that he was in the heat of the battle,
and in all parts of it." The statement of one fact
will place that falsehood in its proper place.
Co!. Johnson received five balls through his
body and limbs. His clothes and accoutrements
were perforated and cut from head to foot with
balls, and the charger which he rode received
fifteen wounds by rifle balls, of which he died
in a few minutes after the action was over.
How was it, then, if General Harrison was
" in the heat of the battle, and in every part
of it," that he came of without the smell of powder
upon his garments. His escape must have been
as miraculous as the escape of Daniel from the
den of huBgry lions, and of Shadrach, Meshach, and
Abednego, from the fiery furnace. • The day of
miracles has passed. General Harrison was not
"in the heat of the battle of the Thames, and every
part of it," and he had about as much to do with
command in the action as John Rogers who was
burnt at the stake.
Colonel R. M. Johnson commanded in the battle
of the Thames.
"Colonef R. M. Johnson is the hero of the
Thames."
I believe that General Harrison did his duty.
But it is casting a dark reflection on General Har-
rison to say that he was in the heat of the
battle with ''Governor Shelby and his infantry."
All the fighting was done on a square of not more
than the fourth of a mile. If the infantry were
present, why were the Indians not taken prisoners.
If General Harrison could have crossed the
swamps, and did not. he was highly to blame for
permitiing a single battalion to fight twelve or
fifteen hundred Indians, near an hour. If he did
cross the swamp with the infantry, and he and they
were actually in the fight, that strips the battle
of all its briliancv, and the American arms of
honor; for all the Indians escaped, except what
fell. If the dragroons were fighting the
Indians for near an hour in close grapple,
why were the infantry not ordered to surround
the Indians, and take tbem prisoners? Sir, at-
tempt to rob Colonel Johnson and his gallant regi-
ment of the glory of that battle, and that moment
you run into inexplicable difficulties, and bring dis-
grace upon the American arms, and dishonor upon
the commander. The history of the battle of the
Thames had better be permitted to stand as it is,
and as the world understands it. The political
cause of General Harri on will not be advanced
by violating truth, justice, and honor. The Ame-
rican people, ever ready to mete the reward of
gratitude to those who defend their country in. he
hour of peril, have also the capacity and discrimi-
nation to award justice and honor to whom justice
and honor are due.
The gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Chary,] in
his remark , thought that, in the confusion and tur-
moil of the surprise of Tippecanoe, the command-
ing General should have been at his tent, where he
might have been found by the officers who senght
his orders. To this my colleague [Col. Corwin]
took exceptions, and favored us with many illastra-
tioas and examples to prove that the commanding
General should be at the head of his army, and in
the front of the battle; but when he was forced to ad-
mit that General Harrison was in the rear of the
battle of the Thames, with the infantry, he assured
us, without any explanation or qualification, that
that was the proper place for the commanding Ge-
neral- / believe, under all the circumstances, it
was the proper place for General Harrison. These
circumstancei I have attempted to explain, though
my colleasue left us without explanation. I will
attempt some illustrations to prove that the rear of
an army has not always been the position which
commanding Generis have occupied in time of
battle.
In the great battle of Thymbrea between Cyras
and Croesus, in which the whole power of the
Persians and Medes was arrayed against the Ly-
dians and Assyrians, after Cyrus had finished the
order of attack, and was prepared to make the
onset, he drank a little wine, poured some upon the
ground as a libation to the gods, mounted his horse
in the front of his army, and called out, "Follow
me." He continued to fight in front of the army
until the battle was finished.
Alexander the Great commanded in person the
right wing of his army against the Persians at the
battle of the Granicus; he was the first to enter
the river, and to meet and encounter the enemy
on the other side. He continued to fight in the
front ranks until victory was his.
The same Alexander was the first to mount the
walls of Odyracea and plunge himself into the
thickest of the enemy, when his army stormed that
city.
Hannibal fought in the front ranks of the battle
Cannes.
In the celebrated battle between Caesar and Pom-
pey, the former was in the front ranks from the
commencement of the engagement until the Utter,
with his troops, was routed.
Miltiades fought in person at the head and
front of his army against the Persians, in the
memorable battle ef Marathon.
But later, (and my colleague brings it to my
mind,) when Napoleon attempted to pass a bridge
at Lodi, his troops were cut off as fast as they were
marched up, column after column. He rushed to
the head of the foremost column, in the midst of
the thickest fire, seized the standard, and 'ordered
his troops to follow him. So, sir, commanding
generals have not always posted themselves in the
rear at the time of battle.
I would not have presented these illustrations
with a view to apply them to General Harrison's
position at the battle of the Thames, only that my
colleague seemed desirous of turning his position
to some political advantage, by assigning the rear
as the proper place for him.
My colleague seemed to lay claim to the Presi-
dency for General Harrison, because his history
covered a great part of the history of this country.
That argument, of itself, has but little weight in it.
Some of the basest and most perfidious wretches
that ever disgraced the image of man, and the
vilest scourges that ever lived to curse the hu-
man family, have occupied the largest portion
of history, and their names, though known in
infamy alone, stand foremost on the records of hu-
man histoiy. It is not the historical recollections
of any man that seéures to him respect and confi-
dence in his own day. The man who has rendered
services, civil or military, will find those services
written in the hearts of his countrymen, and their
affectionate remembrance will be transmitted to
their posterity. If General Harrison has rendered
services to his country which have not been can-
celled, there is always a spirit of gratitude identi-
fied with, and forming a part of, the very nature of
he American people, to reward them whenever
the demand is made, so that it be not at the ex-
pense or political principie-
Has General Harrison uncancelled claims upon
his country, and what are their character?  If tjtpy
