464
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April. 1840.
86th Cono.......1st Sees.
appropriation Bill—Air. Duncan.
H. of Repg.
are pecuniary, present them. Areiii-y upon the
gratitude of ihe peop'eJ It so, how ar¿ they to be
liquidated* By a sacrifice of all political principle
oa the part of the Democracy ot this country, do
yon suppose? No, sir. The Republicans oi this
country hold their Democratic principles too sacied
to barter them off in gratitude for any min's> servi-
ces, however valuable they may ha\e been. If
General Jackson, at any time in the zenith of hio
popularity, with all the brilliancy and glory
that surrounded his name, and all his transcen-
dent services that constituted his country's boast,
with all the unmeasured and unrneas.irable flow
of aauonal gratitude in his favor, had, in the
course of his political career, deserted or aban-
doned one of the fundamental principles of Demo-
cracy, the Republican party would have abandoned
him politically, though they would hive retained
their gratitude for his services. Nor, sir, if the
Father of our Country were to rise from the tomb
and walk forth amongst as, demanding of the Re-
publican party a sacrifice of their principles at the
shrine of gratitude, it would be denied him. Grati-
tude is one thing with the Democracy, and political
principle is another—the latter never can be sa-
crified to the former. But more of this belore I
dote.
I desire to inquire if the Federal party are sin-
cere in their manifestations of gratitude to General
Harrison for h s military services. I have before
exposed their inconsistency in relation to their sup-
rjrt of a military chieftain for the Presidency; but
now desire to know whether all thus show has
any foundation m gratitude. Gratitude is one of
- the noblest principles that claims a res.dencc in the
human botom, while hypocrisy is one of the vilest
that corrupts the heart of man. And now, sir, I
fearlessly assert, that all this parade of gratitude for
the military services of General Harrison is fiction
and flummery; it is the result of contemptible de-
aagognism and corrupt hypocrisy for the purposes
of party deception. You have neither confidence
in the skill and qualifications of Gen. Harrison,
nor gratitude fir his services.
I say you bar* no confidence in his skill or qualifications, and
having none yourselves, (you, the Federal leaders,) you believe
secretly that the American people have none; hence it is you
deem u necessary, as a substitute for the want of confideuce, to
thatch the country with certificates, thick and numerous as
leaves in autumn Why, sir, 1 hold a speech in my hand—along
speech—made and published by my colleague, [Mr GoodeJ
literally made up of certificates, "to prove that General Hamsun
has done some service to his country. So it is with every speech
made here, one half ül the contents of every Federal newspa-
per consists in certificates of General Harrison 3 military ser-
viesa. Every wind that whistles past us rattles wuh certifi-
cates, paper resolves, dinner-party harangues, and stump ora
uons, ail to prove that the Federal candidate for the Presidency
has been a General—has done service to his country—and is
now a military chieftain; all of which, with the reflecting man,
only goes to prove that the manufacturers of those certificates be
lleve that the man for whom ihey are certifying has little or no
hold on the confidence and affections of the people If General
Harmon has rendered servicejof such a character as to entitle
him lo the first office in the gift of the American | >eople, do you
•appose they don't know ul If he has not rendered such ser
nee, do you suppose you can manufacture a pasteboard Gene-
ral oat of shinpiasler certificates, and pass him off lor a milita
ry chieftain! If you do, you will find yourselves as much mis-
taken as you were in the political effects of John Binns's coffin
handbills
Sir, 1 think your array of certificate* degrades General Har-
rison. If I were Ins political friend, as I am his personal, I
would deprecate and denounce your certificate system as degra-
ding and politically impolitic. As it is with me, I say General
Harnsoo deserves better and more dignified treatment. By
such a course of treatment, you fasten upon his name in life
and ha memory in death, the odious cognomen of "Me certifi
eate General." If you are sincere in your demonstrations of
. gratitude for the services of General Harrison, why did you
* let them sleep, almost wuhnut notice, for more than a quaiter
' ofa century? Why did you let one entire generation pass
away, and part of another, without even waking them up by
the thundering artillery, id celebration of the "battle ofTippe-
canoel" Whoever heard of the celebration of the 'battle of
Tippecanoe," until after the lapse of more than a quarter of a
century? Why did yon let General Harrison glide down the
hill of time to lis very horizon, before you once thought of
gladdening his heart by demonstra'ions of gratitude foi his
■ perilous services in "We battleof Tippecanoe?" Now when
he is treading on the broken and decayed planks of the bridge of
time, when ihe clouds of night begin to thicken about
hi* head—when the death bell of threes ire and ten
begin* to ring in his ears, just when the Divine lease for
the longest Ufe of man is about to expire, and just when, ac-
cording to the terms of that lease, he must take lm leap from the
horizon of time to eternity; just when, with all your demonstra-
tionsof grátirtide, if even accompaniel with artillery's loudest
thundering peale, you can hanlly quicken ths pulsation of the
relaxed, time-worn anery, as it drives the stream of life slug-
gishly along its quivering channel, you commence celebrating
"the battleof Tippecanoe " You are net sincere, I repeat
AHyouroutwariaamonstrations of gratitude are nothing but
eaot and. hypocrisy, worthy ofa demagogue and a reckless and
wprMpWlwWO . vrlwatnitf prepared lonm <*hd paw* 
yourselves of power, even at the sacrifice of the principles of
your Government and the prostration ol your tree lnsututions
It h power and orine you are hunting after, as the hungry hye
oa howls across ihe sultry desert ol Sahara
But are you   sinceie, and do   you really want to cast your
I    suthage foi a military man? Then I pi ¡sent you the name of
Colonel Richard M Johnson He it, a candidate not for the
test othceni your gilt, but forthe second He has done ser
vi;etuhts country He has distinguished himself asaslates
man in the Cabinet, and as a soldier in the field His name
stands foremost ot all now living in the history ol his couniiy's
praise His civil life has been devoted to Ins couniiy's highest
interests. The fiee lusuiutioiisof the Government have ever
received a steady and powerful support from his hand while in
the council* ol ihe nation. The claimsol the Revoluiiomry
soldier have always had his elnctestatlention. While a mem-
ber ol Congress, his time, his lalents, and his influence, have
I   been devoted lo thatiemnant, who lingei   in lif* and old age,
I    oniv to link the living with the dead, and lo tell with living I ,is,
II    aula warm heai t, the stories ol ilia Revolution    The never
'    ceasing   praise ol the soldi i's widow and the soldiei's orphan
are his His heart is foi med of kindness, and melts at the de-
mand of charity and need His home is the homeol the poor
man. His table stands spread for the hungry, and his purse
is ever open la the purposes of charity and human ty. Tln.n
' Col Johnson hassome civil claimsuponyour suffrage He is
the friend of the human family; will you cast him your suf-
frage No, he mun be a military man these chivalrous times,
and in this Federal day ol military jubilee. But he too is a
military chieftain He fought in the same war with General
Harrison He fought the enemy two to one on the plains ol
the Thame*, conquered ind came off victoiious, covered with
wounds.   "J3e is rA  Ato of the Thame*."
His deeds ol daring bravery, and patriotism, are recorded in
the hearts of an affectionate people, the song of praise and a
nation's gratitude are his His claims present themselves not
on monuments, or slabs of marble, nor need you turn to histo-
ry's pa e for them—they live in the bo omof freeman—ihey
animate the gratelul hearts of Ireemen, and dwell in delight
upon the lips ol those who love to praise their country llo
comes not enveloped in a cloud of shinplas'cr certificates lo
prove he has lought his country's battles No, sir, the hacked
weapons of our country's loe, the bones of the enemy that
bleach on ihe plain" of the Thames, a limping gait, and a body
covered with deep wounds and scars receives1 in deadly conflict,
hardly yet cicatrized, are his ceitificates. The manly and no
ble indignation of a proud people would be the reward, and rest
upon him who would attempt to establish Colonel Johnson's
services in the field or the cabinet by paper ceruficates—such
a one would be spurned from his presence, scouted from socie-
ty, and hel 1 in contempt. I say the sears lhat cover his body
are his certificates    His certificates will go down to the grave
II     with him; but they will live in me nar> while an  American
11   heart beats in love lor its country, and until the tongue that
praises is struck dumb.
Will you (the Feic rali«ts) cast your suffrages for Colonel
Johnson for the second office in your gift? No, you will not
The epitaph of "poor JohnWoods" will covei every ticket that
Colonel Johnson will receive from thej#pered fingered Federal
Bulk Abolition Whigs at Ihe next Presidential election
There have been tunes when the reckless ambition of party
gave way to the full sway of merited gratitude, when all
were prepared to award to merit her due. At the fierce and
bloody batde of Ithoma, between the Massineans and the
LacademoniaHs, two individuals who had distinguished them-
selves most in the battle on the side ol the Massineans, alter
the close of the battle, were competitors f>r the puze ofg'ory
and honor They were An-,tomenes aud Cleonis The for
mer had slain a great many of the enemy, and d atingui*hed
h'mself in a most signal manner; but came out of the fight
without wounds or the loss of blood Cleonis had distinguished
| himsell equally with his competitor, and slam an equal num-
ber of the enemy, but was so covered with wounds, and such
was his loss «I blood, that he had to be carried from the field
Each argued his case befoie the court military in presence
of the whole army. Cleonis founded bis claims upon the
great number of the enemy he had slain, and the number of
wounds with which he was covered, were so many ci tificates
of his bravery Anstomene« contended that he had displayed as
much courage, and slain as many of the enemy as his competitor,
and had borne Aim on his shoulders in his helpless condition from
ti e field, and he was sorry to find that Clear is should wantgrati
tude Cleonis replied, that if Anstnmenes hail endangered his
pel son as much ashe had, he was very fortunate in escaping
unhurt, and that his cai rying him oñ the field only showed his
strength of body, not his courag  Arislomenes rejoined, that
the fact of his having the skill and power to ward off the blows
of his adversaries was to his credit, rather than to his disad
vantage, and ought to be so considered If it was by cowardice
(and that no one would charge upon him) he saved himself
from wounds, he ought, indeed, to be on his trial for punish-
ment and infamy.
The friends of General Harrison and the friends of Colonel
Johnson have placed them before the American people, and
comend.on their behalf, for each, the award of gloiy and honor
gained in the battle of the Thames Colonel Johnson com
manded, foustht, slew the enemy, conquered, and was b^roe off
the fie d, covered with wounds, and sinking from ihe ln=s of
blool General Harrison din not command, did not fight, and
left the field without wounds, orloss of blood. To which will
you award the honor, Cleonis or Anstomenes?
No, sir- Colonel Johnson will receive no Federal votes, not
even for thesecon 1 offii e in your gift, while General Harrison
will receive every Federal vote n the Union for the first
office
It is not military fame nor civil services that von are trying
to reward; your great ob|ect is to overthrow a Democratic Ad-
ministration, and establish a Federal Administration You
are emphanca ly the Federal party T care not what name
you periodically assume to ygurselves. You are the same
party who endeavored to strip the States of all soverenrn'y and
independence, and establish a central and consolidated Federal
Government, at the commencement of our political Union
You are the same party that passed and maintnned ihe odious
and disgraceful alien and sedition laws You are the same
party who, from the commencement of the Government to this
day, have been exerting yourselves to the extent of your pow
ersaid abilities 'o fix upon this nation and this people a great
central moneyed power in the character of a National Bank,
the tendency and nature of which is to establish two distinct or-
den of sociity, and make the one hewers of wood and drawer*
of water to the other. You are the same party, with some in-
dividual exceptions, who were opposed ti the last war with
Greu Brilain, and will be to the next You are the same party
who weie arrayed against the election and administration of
Thomas Jefferson, and to every other Democratic Administra-
tion from that time to this. \ou aie the same pa ty who have
evei held in contempt ihe free exercise of the elective franchise,
and sneer at the nshl ol instruction, and have more than once
violated both Caricature, slander, and falsehood, were the
means by winch you electioneered against Thomas Jef-
ferson, and they are t'ie means by which you electioneer now,
and have lrom thai tune to this
Thomas Jefferson was ilebounced as an atheist, and many of
the good ai.d unsuspecting people were lausht lobelipve that if
he should be electtd 1'iesident of the United States, all the pub-
lic houses dedicated to the worship ot God would lie turned into
houses olinlamy anJ debauchery That the land would be
overspread with Fienth infidelity, and all the Bibles would be
burnt, and so stiongwtie these impressions enforced, that ma-
ny of the pious mations, on hearing of the election of Thomas
Jefferson, I id iheir Bibles in hollow trees, in the woods. Ca-
ricdtuie1 Yes. sir, 1 hold in mv hand a rancatnre, entitled,
' Model n Philanthropy, or The Age of Reason," and "dedt-
cated respectfully to Turn Jeffensn, Tom Paine, ihe devil
and Black Sail "
In this caricature, you see Thomas Jefferson is represented
in the act of rowhidmg an old lady, with a grasp by liie throat
so tight, that her eye halls are started from then sockets, her
tongue lolled out, and she upon her knees, with her arms
stretched out in an imploring attitude, her Bible is under his
foot
Tom Paine is represented as having one hand on Jeffersen's
shouldti, and the other stietched out, with his Age of Reason
in it. Hlark Sail stands on the right, and the Salt mountain is
seen at a distance through the windew. Yes, sir, one of the Fe-
deral moJes of electioneering at that day, was by degiadmg
caricatures, ever consideied, tince ihe dawn nf civilization,
the basest and meanest mode of libelling So, too, it was the
Federal mone of electioneering in 1&21, and IS28 I hold in my
hand one of John Binns's coffin handbills, on which, you see, is
lepresented eighteen coffins, said on ihe bill to correspond  ith
the number of innoient and unoffending persons lhat General
Jackson murdered,either himself, or caused tobe shot Also,
a short biographical sketch of the life and death of those unfor-
tunate victims ol Geneial Jackson's barbarity, each concluding
with a verse or two of solemn poetry, set to the tune of Ola
Hundred. Here, also, is ihe tomb of "Poor John Woods,"
with his epnaph written This was one of the Federal modes
ol electioneering in 1824 and 1828, and it is one of the Federal
modes now of electioneering I hold in my hand a caricature,
which represents Mr. Van Bmen by the body ofa reptile, with
the head of a m in, winding his way up a steep rock, and Gene-
ral Jickson by theboly of a toitoise and the head of a man, de-
scending lrom the Uip of the same rock, with ihe inscnption un-
derneath—
"Htgn placel in Government, like sleep rocks, only acces-
sible lo eagles andreptiles "
Yes, su, caricature is one of the modes of electioneering now.
The I ederal parly now are the same party called the Fede-
ralists in 1793—their principles are the saire, and their base
and slanderous iro'e of electuneering is the same. Tens of
thousands and hundreds ol thousands of these vile panders of
falsehood and slander have been franked by Whig members,
and sent from this Capito' by mail, at the public expense, ami
distributed all over the Union to advance the cause of the "tog
cabin candidate" for the Presidency How often have the
pe pie rebuked such base conduct— such degrading attempt* at
moult upon their understanding1 When will these Whigs learn
wisdom, when will they learn to appreciate the intelligence of
the people?
General Harrison has been presented as the available candi-
date by the Whins What makes him available Is it be-
cause he is a military man? If it is intended he shall be avail-
able by the Democracy, he wants another requisite. He must
be a Democrat. General Jackson was elected President, not
merely because he was a military man. not merely because he
had rendered transcendent military services to his country in
her daikest hour and gieatest peril, but because he was a De-
mocrat, and had always been identified with the Democratic
party General Harrison refuses Ui inform us what his politi-
cal pnnciples areat this time, and what his viewsare in rela-
tion to (he great questions lhat interest this country at this
time, and his political conscience keepers tefiise to answer
for him We must, therefore be governed in this matter by
circumstances. John Randolph railed Gen Harneen a Federal-
ist to his face in Congre.-s.aml said lhat he (Harrison) was a friend
to the Federal black cockade administration of old John Adams.
General Harrison did not deny the firmer, and he virtually ad-
mitted the latter. To my knowlege, and to the knowledge of all
who have known him as I have, General Harrison has been
acting with the Federal party for twenty years, and sustaining
all their measures, principles, and policy I know him to have
been in 'avor of ihe recharterof the Bank of the United States.
I know him to have been opposed to the removal of the deposites
of the public money fi «m the Bank of ihe United States and ihe
br inches tl ereof He is opposed to a separation of the Govern-
ment from the rotten, loitering, and swindling banking insti-
tutions of this day; consequently, he is opposed to the es-
tablishment of an independent, constitutional, and national
Treasury. Like the party to which he belongs, and whose
ranlidate he is, he is in favor ofa high protective tariff
shmplasier currency, a nat onal debt, surplus revenue, and
eplended schemes of internal improvement, and consequently
impost taxes In short he is in favor of the Hamiltoman sys-
tem of po'icv, a sjstem by which two iiundred millions of ihe
But sh debt have been saddled upon this country and this peo-
ple, and under which the commercial community are now
groanine, a splendid Government, an aristocratic order, and a
poor people, will he the offspring of such a policy
Aie we to be told lhat the present Slate di tits, which have
pro luce 1 the scarcity of money and the depressed price of pro-
duce which now e\i°l, grew ont of the | oltcy of I his or the last
National Ai'iruni'straiin n 1 hese \(\n im^iratinnsrme had about
as m if h to do with the ^t He deht" and the Niam improve-
ments which have cieated tie debts, as the Government of
Spain.
Are "it to he told that the y'em if< t"dn and the u=e of pa-
per money, which are the | arenis of all Ihe embarrassments,
pecuniary and commercial had their origin with this or ihe
ift Administration? Why. sir. it has been atardinal maxim,
and       fundamtmtil   punciple   with   this   and   the  l**
