May, i 840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"*S'5
26th Coxg-««'1*t Sbs .
Public Expenditures—Mr. Brown.
Senate.
Administration, to es.iblish a sound, uniform, and
constitutional currency, bv wh-ch that very policy, bo
porniciona t.v, and ilestruc oe of, our best interests, would be
put down. I me in the banking |«pt r and credit system, which
is the sourve an<! ¡ountain ot a I our difficulties and embarrass-
ments, am! t s\ ¡Mem whan Md us ouam with the financial
•drainsration'ol Alexander Harnilun, and the introduction of
his Nation 11 Bjiik and crn'u policy. The snuggle now be-
tween the two eieat contending parnés, is whether the Hsmtl-
Ionian Bank cre>'n and papei currency system sSall be revived,
confirmed, and listened upon tni  country, with all the train
of evils wh'ch ha e, and will again, lollow such a
system, such as a national dibt, heavy impost taxes,
an unsound currency, bant «u'i'fi.sion*, bank failures, and
bank blow-ups, paper c iniraa.oiia and paper expansions,
high pncis to day ,v\] low price* to-morrow A.c. ot shall we
establish a sound tndupiioim currency, the cuirenry contem-
plated by (tie ramotsol the K-tolutton and the hamers ol the
Constitution, an I a currency, too, thai will enforce regulanty in
trole, torean ami dimestu, and unilornuiy in the prices ol
erervar.icleol barsim nod bar erl .-hull we limit our revenue
to (he waniaot tfte Government, and keep our public improve-
ment and expend tin res wi hm our means, and within the con
aututional powers ol Congress? In short, is it not bet er that
we should have a limited Government, with fiee institutions—a
poor Government, and a nrh pe plel
The question now is, General Harrison, a National Bank, a
splendid Govi rnnient, poor people, a shtnplaster currency, and
a pnviledged order, against Martin Van Buren, a sound cut-
rency, an In lependem Treasury, (independent of the banks,)
rigid economy, a poor Government, a rich people, and equal
rights. Which side do you take, sit' and as I cannot answer that
question. I will ell yni which side 1 take; 1 eo for Kindethook,
and the Independent Treasury; I g* with the hard handed indus-
try;! go with those who depend upon their own resources for their
living; the farmer and the meihamc, all of which constitute
the Demociaey of this country and of every other. Yes, sir, I
go with them against Gen Harrison, a National Bank, and the
modem Whit; party, who are made up of
Coxcombs and d indies, and loaders and nibblere;
Shavers and blacklegs, and p> dlers ar d scribblers:
Bayers and brokers, and cunning buflb 'ns;
Thieves that steal millions, and thieves that steal spoons;
Rascals in ruffles, and rascals in rags;
Beszars in coaches, ami besgars on rags;
Quackers and doctors, with scalpeis and squills;
Petufoegersand lawjers, wu'i green bags and bills;
Shylorks nnfeelin , and dealers in stock?;
Some dashing finelaclie^' in splendid silk frocks.
Such is the crew that lor Harrison bellows,
Always excepting some very fine fiüows.
Do you desuelo know the feelings of the Western people in
relation to Harrison, Jackson, Johnson, and their relative ser-
vices) I can tell you. Il a Western man is asked his opinion
of General Harrison, his answer will be, nineteen times out
of twemy, that General Harrison is a very good man, and was
a tolerable General He has done his country some service, and
that perhaps he discharged Ins official duties tn the last war,
about as well as could be expected, all circumstances
Considered. This, sir, I repeat, will be the gene-
ral answer. Ti some instances a higher opinion
will be expressed— in some ins.ince6 a loner one. My
colleagues on thisfl r, Whiis and Democrats, will bear me out
in what I say; but whenjou hear Jicksonand Johnson named,
they are named in praise and song, in affection and pride. Yes,
sir, in praise and song. Were you ever at a corn shucking in
the West? If you were,you never left it without hearing the
wool hat and linsey hunting-shirt boys sing—
Mary Rogers are a ease,
And so are Sally Thercnson,
General Jackson are a horse,
And so are Colonel Johnson.
I see, air, in some of the Western Whig papers, 'he name
'Harrison Democrats "   This is a new name under the sun.
Well, sir, as  the world  grows  older  names will increase.
New names will rnn pari passu with the world's age and
with the running and    tuckery of Federalism.    "Harrison
Democrats"  in the   West are like the  Frenchman's  Sea:
when you attempt to put you   finger   on  them  they  are
not there.     '-Harrison Democrats" may be put in   the list
with    mermaids,   sea   serpents,  and   unicorns      They are
name  in fancy, fiction, and poetry.    Sir. if you can catch a
«•Harrison Democrat," take him to Ohio and exhibit him.    1
would advise you also to accompany ihe exhibition with a
Whig buffoon that can jump "Jim Crow" to the music of the
psalter, tambarme, and the sackbut.   You will clear more hard
cash in one day than you will by playing Congressman a
month.
In conclusion, let mesay, the Democracy understand and ap-
preciate their principles. They have stosd by them in pros-
parity and adversity, through bank panics and Federal frauds,
thronsh good and through . V|| report. They are not now to
be driven from their position by the sale cry of "panic '"
"panic!" or drawn from their principles by the empty show
arid buffoon diplay of log cabins, hard cider, and shinplaetei-
cemficate military-renown. Principle is the watchwocd
with the Democracy, and principle they will maintain. The
Democracy of this country hug to their bosoms, and cherish in
their hearts then principles as they revere the sacred memo-
ries of their ancenors, who secured Ihem wnh their treasure,
their blood, and their live?; th'y will as soon be guilty ot the
base Ingratitude of forgetm.e ihe one, as to desert the other,
either by threats, flattery, or bribery.
PUBLIC EXPENDITURES.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE.
Thursday, May 7, 1840,
Onacoramuiiication from  the Secretary off the
Treasury, in reply to a resolution offered  by Iftfr,
Bentjn, giving a summary of ihe items and aei
gate expenditure* of the Government from 1824,
included, up to 1839.
After some remarks by Messrs. Bsnton, and
PjWTOW,
Mr. BROWi* sa d, that he was not aware that
the printing ot thelimportant report which had been
communicated to the Senate by the Secretary of
the Treasury, on the public expenditure, would
come up for consideraron, until he had taken his
seat this morning. "When, however, he had heard
the Administration and its friends denounced as
guilty ot extravagance in the expenditure of the
public money, by gentlemen in oppisition; when
he recollected the course which had been pursued
by himself and most oí his political friends, in re-
gard to appropriations; and when he remembered
what had been ihat of the Opposition on the same
subject, for years past, in the two Houses of
Congress, he could not refrain from expre-sing the
surprise, as well as deep indignation, which he
felt. He bad occupied a seat m that body for
more than ten years, and he could say, without the
fear of contradiction, that the Opposition, as a body,
in the two Houses of Congress, had aided more, by
their votes, to increase the public expenditure*,
then the fuends of ihe AdminMtation.
When he had first become a member of the Senate,
he had found the friends of the admims ration of
President Jackson anxious te discharge the national
debt, which, at the close of the adminutiation of
Mr. Adams, amountid to about forty millions,
and at the same time in favor of reducing the
burdens which an oppressive tariff had imposed
on the country. On the other band he had found
the opposition to the administration of President
Jackson, who at that time were mostly composed
of ihe miscalled America System parly, opposed to
, the immediate discharge ot the national debt, and
¡ in favor of the continuance of a h gh tariff. The
positions then occupied by Ihe two great parlies
which divided the country at that time on these
I important questions of national policy, could
ij leave no doubt on the mind of any one, as to who
! i were, and, who were not in favor of a system of
extravagant expenditure. One of the parties de-
sired to postpone the payment of the national
debt, and to keep up their favorite system of high
duties. The mo.t easy and obvious way to do
this, was to make large and wasteful appropria-
tions of the public money. This was the aliment
which alone could keep alive the tariff, and ren-
der it a permanent system.
Hence it was that every scheme to expend the
public money was devised and brought forward
by the American System party, at that time, who
were mainly in opposition to the administration
of President Jackson, in order to save iheir fa-
vorite system from the doom which inevitably
awaited it without some such aid.
To arrest these enormous schemes of extrava-
gance, then brought forward by the Federal
party, and which disregarded alike the bounds of
moderation and the limns of the Constitution, the
vsto power was repeatedly resorted to by the Ex-
ecutive. For having thus interposed the autho-
rity with which he was cloth"d, to save the Con-
stitution from total overthrow, and the nation
from being burdened wi h an oppressive tariff and
a permanent system of extravagant expenditure,
some of the very party who are now such lovers of
economy in profession, pronounced him an arbitra-
ry tyrant, who deserved to be brought to the block.
If their system had prevailed, the large national
debt remaining unpaid at the close of the admi-
n-stration of Mr. Adams, would probably conti-
nue to exist at this dayyiind an annual expendi-
ture far Iarg?r than tha/present* would have been
permanenly fixed ojnhe country.
The extravagant degree to which the pension
system had beercarned at that time, was a con-
sequence otyCne same policy, and was carried
mainly by/me votes of the same party. The bill
to pension the militia, which had drawn so many
milliorffffom the Treasury, was reported |by an
oiytsition Senator, and while candor compelled
to admit that a large portion of the
friends of the Administration (roted for
that measure, yet it was supported Mill more
unanimously by the American System party,
whose motives, it was believed, were not exclu-
sively those of patriotic respect and regard for the
venerable men of the Revolution, but partook
largely of a regard for thf tariff, which could be
kept up alone by large expenditure. He remem-
bered the very great ability with which this mea-
sure had been opposed by the late Generar Hayne,
then a member of that body, to whose great worth
and eminent talents, he availed himself, with great
pleasure, of that occasion to offer the humble tri-
bute of his sincere admiration.
Besides opposing it upon the ground that it was a
departure from the principles on which the system
was originally established, and which was intended
to apply only to that class of officers and soldiers,
who, having abandoned the pursuits of private
life, had made arms a profession, and not to the
mere citizen soldier, who had been called into the
public service for short periods, he considered Ihe
extension of the system as favoring a part ot that
great scheme of permanent public expenditure,
which the American System party then mediiattd
and were endeavoring to fix upon the country, as a
part of our national policy.
He, Mr. B. had deemed his duty to vote against
this measure, which, in addition to the pension
system before in operation, had, the very first year
that it went into effect, taken from the'public Trea-
sury near four millions and a half of dollars. He
had opposed, together with a majority of his poli-
tical friends in the two Houses of Congress, that
other important branch of the American system,
appropriation* for harbors and internal improve-
ments, together wiih the numerous other contri-
vances, by which that party had uniformly endea-
vored to increase the public expenditures.,' He
admitted that a portion of his political friends were
not free from censure in this respect, who by occa-
sionally acting with the American System party,
had, in some instances, enabled them to carry oat
their policy.
But what he mainly complained of was, that the
very party who had forced a policy upon the coun-
try, which, for a series of years, had brought into
the Treasury millions of dollars beyond its wants,
and thus rendered its expenditure, in some way or
other, either in the shape of appropriations or of
deposites with the States, a matter of absolute ne-
cessity—for it could not remain idle in the public
Treasury—that ihey,the very party who had forced
this policy on the country, and who were, on
every fair principle, to be considered as the authors
ot the mischiefs consequent on it, were how, in or-
der to answer political purposes, endeavoring to
hold others responsible for that which they them-
selves were truly answerable to the^ ctmntry.
Again, whatjhe complained of was the disingenuous
means resorted to by those now endeavoring to
break down the present Administration; and who,
scrupling at nothing to effect their object, endea-
vored to hold others accountable for that very' ex-
travagance.which the journals of the two Houses of
Congress would incontrovenibly show had been
mainly brought about by their own votes, from the
commencement of President Jackson's administra-
tion down to the present period.
The small number of the journals of the two
Houses of Congress which were annually printed,
and the consequent difficulty that the great body of
the people had to encounter in arriving at the truth
in regard to the votes of the respective' political
parties in Congress, had furnished a great facility
to the Opposition, to practise the impositions on this
subject, and to pass off those flagrant misrepre-
sentations on the people, which had been so ex-
tensively resorted to in the present contest between
parties. A reference, however, to the distinctive
principles which had for years past so clearly
marked the two parties in this country, wouldshed
a volume of light on this subject, and would not fail
to inform the people who have been, and who now
are, the friends of extravagant expeaditure.
The great mass of the Opposition party, with the
exception of some of their Southern allies, have
been, and continue to be, friends of a high tana,
and an unlimited construction of the Constitution,
embracing the power to make all kinds ol extrava-
gant and unauthorized appropriations.. Ibese ace-
trines plainly indicate ihe motives ^ operating en
those who possess them, to favor a largeystem of
expenditure, and can leave no doubt, even if other
evidence wereabsent, as to the party whrjsepohcy,
wWe interests, « <  wbos« votes  b*Y? aU co0l,
