436
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Comg-'-'Ist Skss.
Public Expenditures—Mr. Broivn.
May, 1840.
Senate.
bmed to swell the public expenditures. In this
way it was hoped to keep up the former tariff, and
in this way it is hoped to create the necessity for a
new one.
On the other hand, (sail Mr. B.) the great
mass of the friends of the past and pres  nt Admi-
nistrations have been, and continue to b>, opposed
to a system of high duties, and are in favor of a li-
mited construction of the Con>titution of the United
States. Here, then, are unerring tests by which to
try the two political parties, in legard to the ques-
tion of extravagance—tests, even if recorded evi-
dence could not be adduced, that distinctly point
oat to the people of the United States, the r«al
•enemies of an economical administran >n of the
Government, and those who are friendly to such
an administration of the public finances.
But, fortunately lor the cause of truth and of jus-
tice, if the journals of Congress could not be circu-
lated every where to put down these gro*s misre-
presentations, which were persevered in with so
much industry, and in a manner which utterly set
at naught all moral restraint*, they were to be
found here, and furnuhed the most conclusive con-
demnation of those who were most clamorous in
charging the friends of the Administration with ex-
travagance.
Mr. 6 distinctly charged that the Opposition,as a bo-
dy ¿n both Houses of Congress.had n jt only voted for
all the large appropriation bills—such a> those for
the support of the civil, military,and naval service
of the country; but he charged further, that they
had voted for many other bills proposing extrava-
gant expenditures, some ot which had been carried
through the two Houses, and others of which had
.been checked by Democratic votes. He would in-
stance, among ihose which had become laws, that
for the relief of the cities of Washington, George-
town, and Alexandria, passed at the session of
1834-35, appropriating near a million of dollar*,
and which received a much larger proportion of
Opposition than of Administration votes in that
body. Among those whicS had been voted for
by the Opposition generally in the Senate, and with
but few exceptions, while on the other hand it was
voted against by a large majority oi the friends of
the Administration, was the bill proposing to ap-
propiate five mil ions of dol'ars for the benefit of
claimants on account of French spoliations prior
to 1800. This claim had for years been before
Congress, and repeatedly rejected, on the ground
of its alleged injustice, and yet it received the sanc-
tion of an Opposition Senate, and would have be-
come a law if it had not been defeated by a House
of Representatives friendly to the Administration.
Mr. B. said that he had adverted to these tvo
specimens of economy, as practised by the Opposi-
tion, not because there were none others—for the
journals of Congress abounded with proofs of the
same kind, against them, in regard to the public ex-
penditures—but he had referred to them as con-
spicuous commentaries on their conduct, and to
show how far they were entitled to set up an exclu-
sive title iO guardianship over the public tieasure.
JThe Senator from South Carolina [ Vfr Preston]
had said that the Administration should be held re-
sponsible for the public expenditures, because they
had been, for many years, in a majority in the two
Houses of Congress. He differed very far from
that Senator on that subject. He had seldom, if at
all, S"en the time, from the commencement of the
administration of President Jackson to the present
time, when its friends were in a majority in both
Houses—he meant friends wjo were to be relied
on, not prqfeaed frient's. The vo es of the two
Houses of Congress on the vsto messages against
internal improvement bill*, and the vote of the
two Houses of Congress, several sessions after-
wards, on th  veto message against rechartenng
the Bank of the United Sta'es, showed that a ma-
jority was against the administration cf President
Jackson, at least on those important questions,
though that majenty was not large enough to carry
those measures, in oppos tion to the Executive ne-
gative. Tne Senate hid afterwards gn en practi-
cal evidence fh*t it did not contain a majority of
his political friend , by the vote of censure which
it had pasped against him. He would add that,
daring the two qi three years in wh.ch the Opposi-
tion had the political power in that body, the con-
tingent expenses were greatly increased beyond
those of any fotmer year In the oiher branch of
Congress, the present Administration had been in a
m nority on the gr¿at financial questK n of separat
ing the Government from the banks, irom the time
that measure had been proposed until the present
session.
With what justice, then, said Mr. B. could it be
said that the present and past Administrations
should be held responsible tor the increase of the
public expenditure, in the face of the fact that a
majority of one o<- the other of the two Houses of
Congress have generally been against them—in the
face of the fact mat, tor years past, the appropria-
tions by CongKSs have exceeded, by many mil-
lions, the sums asked for by the Administration—
and with the other and still more important fact
within their knowledge, that the Opposition vote
ha* generally been given to swell expenditure, in-
stead of being given to check it Whan he spoke
of the Opposition, he meant to be understood as
speaking of them as a bedy, and not as intending
to include every single individual of wh ch that
party was composed.
The Senator from South Carolina had, said Mr.
B objected to the pr n mg of th« extra number of
copies, of the repon cf the Secretary of the Trea-
sury, explanatory of tne public expenditure*, and
of the iiems wh ch constituted them.
[Mr. Preston here rose to explain, and said he
had not opposed the printing of the report J
Mr. Brown resumed, and sail that he did not
know whether the gentleman intended to vote
against the printing ot the report or not, but his
whole argument was of that character. He had
charged that it was extra/agance to order the num-
ber of copies for th* public which had been moved
He had charged thai it was an ex parte document—
objections which, it true, were ceriainly such as
went to deny the propriety of printing it The
document con a ned a plain aid simple statement
of the public expenditures, and the objects for
wh ch they were made, from the year 1824 to that
of 1839, inclusive.
It was a document furnished on the call of the
Senate, and its accuracy was vouched for, by the
high official character of the Secretary, who had
sent it to us in obedience to our requirement. Are
gentlemen on the opposite side afraid for the peo-
ple to have light on this subject? Are th^y appre-
hensive that it will counteract the dishonest and
fraudulent misrepresentations, which have been
spread far and wide, and in every direction, through
the country, in regard to the public expenditure?
Was there an Opposition member of either House
of Congress, who, when he rose in his place and
asserted that the expenditures for the year 1837
had amounted to the sum of thirty-nine millions,
did not know that he was making a. gross mis-
representation to go forth to the country? Was it
not known, at the same time, by those who uttered
those declarations, that indemnities which had been
secured by treaty, from foreign Governments, for
the benefit of our merchants, and which formed
no pait of the public funds, but belonged to private
claimants, amounting to considerably more than
four millions of dollars, made part of that «um?
Could they b* ignorant that fundj amounting to
largely more than a million of dollars, held in
tra« by the Government for certain Indian tribes,
and which had been invested for their benefit, by
authority cf law,«formed also a part of that thirty-
nine millions charged by them against the Adminis-
tration, as expenditure' And again- were ihose
who made these declarations, and charges of ex-
travagance, ignorant that the aggrega'e amount of
expenditure lor that year, for permanent and ordi-
nary purposes, excluding payments on account of
objec s ei her extraorJinary or temporary, amount-
ed to but li t'e more than thirteen millions, agreea-
bly to the official rep rt then before them? He had
selected this year, because it had been especially
singled out by the Opposition as one of the highest
appropriations. Much of that amount, however,
constuued no expendí1 ure in reality, as a large
amount of the money paid out that year, as he had
already shown, formed no part ef the public funds,
and a larger portion of the residue consisted of
appropriations for extraordinary and temporary
objects—such as the removal of Indians and the
suppression of Indian hostilities—that would make
no part of the permanent expenses of the Govern-
ment hereafter.
Mr. B said he had therefore heard, with utter
amazement, the declaration which, at different
times, had been made in the two Houses of Con-
gress, and which had been so eagerly propagated
by every bank-bought press in the country, that the
expendrures of the Government had, for the year
to which he alluded, been run up to the sum of
thirty nine millions Gentlemen might differ with
each other in regard to public measures, and every
charitable allowance should be made tor such dif-
ferences of opinion; but in regard to facts, plainly
and easily ascertainable, no such indulgent consi-
deration should be extended.
He held that it was a violation of the principles
of moral honesty in those who, with a full know-
le Ige of these misrepiesentations, gave them sanc-
tion and countenance. If it were done without
such knowledge, then it Letrayed great ignorance
of pub'ic duty. Nor was this the only aggravat-
ing circumstance of the case. The very party
who were, m a great degree, the perpetrators of the
mischief, an! who were themselves the greatest of-
fenders against the principles of eonomy, were
now loudest in raisins; the charge against the Ad-
ministration, tor that very extravagance which their
own votes had so materially aided in bringing
about It was, however, perfectly characteristic
of the pditical morality of ihe Federal party of the
present day. Determined 10 at'ain power, if pos-
sible, it neither scruples at the mean=, nor hesitates
to employ any plan which promises success to
us partisans. The moral sense of the country, and
the principles of liberty which yet exist in it, can-
nut fail to measure out the proper degree of repro-
bation for the outrage thus offered to the former,
and the dangerous assault made upon the latter.
The Opposition had, m some quarters, even set
dowii the sum appropriated for the Post Office De-
partment, as expenditure, which had, for several
yeir  past, amounted to near five millions. The
revenue arising from that Department having
been directe-l, by a late law, to be paid into the
public Treasur}, it conssquently required an ap-
propriation before it could be returned to it again.
Thus, it would be seen, that simply because a late
law had directed the funds of that Department to
pass through the public Treasury, which was not
formerly the cas , it was made another ground on
which the Opposition were to build up the charge
of extravagance.
The Senator from South Carolina had, in the re-
view of the condition of the country with which
he had favored the Senate, asked, with much em-
phasis, whether the Indian relations of our country
were in any better condition than they were before
President Jack>on came into office. The great
success wh ch had attended the policy of that Ad-
ministration with respect to that subject, and the
immense benefits which had resulted to the country
from it, furnished the beat answer to this question,
and afforded the mo«t triumphant vindication of the
system which had been adopted. The admimstra-
uon of President Adams had offered the State of
Georgia ihe bajonets of a regular soldiery, and
threatened her wuh the calamities of a civil war,
because she dared assert her rights of sovereignty
over the Indian tribes within her limits In ex-
chanze for these, said Mr. B. the administration of
President Jackson, the po'icy of wheh had been
carried out succes-fu'ly by the present Executive,
had secured her r ghts, had given her peace and
tranquillity on this embarrassing question, and had
removed beyond her borders the powerful Indian
tribes that had inhabited so large a portion of her
terntorv. In the benefits of th'S policy, North Car-
olina, Tennessee, and Alabama, had also partici-
pated. Many other States of this Confederacy had
likewi-,e expT eic-d t ie benele al effects of this
pol cy, by the removal ot -avajc iribes be>onl the r
limits. The pa t ^dtrinistrrnon an 1 the present
had accomplished rro e in re ievu a ihe S a es from
that kirul <f popul.ti n, than all others together,
which had precedod them. It had not been money
thrown away, but money well laid out.
