May, 1840.
APPENDIX TO TttE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43Í
26th Conq""1st Sess.
Public Expenditures—Mr. Brown.
Senate.
Besides the great benefits resulting to the States
themselves, the Government of the United States,
on a mere question of pecuniary calculation, would
bs found to be gainer, by many millions, from the
immense bodies of valuable lands which it had in
that way acquired, and the sales of which would J
go to enrich the public Treasury.
Bat when gentlemen, said Mr. B. thought proper
to make a serious charge against the Administra-
tion on account of the money expended in remov-
ing Indians, and in defending the country against
Indian hostilities—expenditures for which the votes
of their own party would be found recorded in the
journals of the two Houses of Congress—he could
not refrain from expressing the opinion, long and
deliberately entertained by him, that their own par-
ty had much to answer to the country for, on this
subject.   He declared in his place his mo it solemn
conviction that the coarse which had been taken by
a part of the Opposition, from the commencement
of the administration of President Jackson, and
which had been for years after persevered in, with
respect to the Indian tribes, had been the cause of
the Government having to pay nearly double what
it otherwise would have paid for the treaties which
had been concluded with them.   A portion of the
Opposition had appeared to consider the Indian
tribes nnder their especial guardianship.   The In-
dians were told by missionaries who went among .
them, and who were opposed to the policy of their
removal, that the Government was endeavoring to
impose upon them, and defraud them of their pos-
sessions, without adequate compensation.     The
same language was held in the two Houses of Con-
gress by members standing high in th2 ranks of the
Opposition.      This hid   been their course more
particularly in regard to the Cherokee Indians,
whose chiefs had   been treated  at   the   s?at  of
Government,   by   some   of   them,   almost  with
the consideration of foreign ministers, and who
were taught to believe, from the same source, that
they had a right to establish an independent Go-
vernment in ins very bosoms of those States which
they inhabited.   That this course of the Opposition
had led those chiefs to make the most  exorbitant
demands on the Government, he had not the least
doubt.   The consequence was, that their demands
had to bit complied with, or the most fatal and dis-
astrous results   would have   followed the  funher
continuance of that tribe in the State of Georgia.
When, therefore, gentlemen dwell so much on
this class of expenditure?, (said Mr. B.) let them
remember the language and course of their own
partisans, in Congress and elsewhere, on the po-
licy pursued by the present and past Administra-
tions in regard to the Indian ti ibes.   Was it then
at all a matter of surprise, that consequences, such
as he had described, should have resulted from the
interference of political missionaries  with these
tribes, and from the denunciations constantly ut-
tered here against Indian treaties, as founded in
fraud and injustice?   Nay, more: was it a matter
of surprise that, instigated by such influences, the
tomahawk and scalping knife of the Seminole had
gleamed in Florida, and yet continued to devastate
her fair field*?
The Senator, in his zeal to denounce (he Admi-
nistration, had reminded us of what he had chosen
to designate the bankruptcy of the Government at
the, called  session  of 1837,  and   of   its ina-
bility to  meet the  public  engagements.     And
why was it bankrupt, if the gentleman prefers that
term?   It was because of the suspension oí specie
payments by the binks, the political allies of the
Senator and his friends, why were entrusted with
the public funds, and the seizure by them of more
than twenty millions of the public revenue.   By
having thus withheld the puW revenue from the
Government, when its necessities required it, the
banks bad not only violated the most sacred obli-
gations, which they undertook to perform, but they
had committed an act of moral t eason against the
people of (he United States, which threatened to
arrest the action of the Government at the time,
and might, ata more critical period of public af-
fairs, have brought irreparable injury on the coun-
try.
These corporations, ¿continued Mr. B. scattered
throughout our wide extended country, are now
acting wiih the Senator and his party, ant] are co-
operating with ihem to ovenhrow the present Demo-
cratic Administration, in order to substitute one in
its stead more congenial to their notions of privi-
lege and of power. While gentlemen rose in their
places here, and-proclaimed that the Administra-
tion had, by its measures, brought the present pe-
cuniary distress on the country, and which charge
was reilerateá by every bank-bought press through-
out the land, the banking corporations—their great
political allies in this contest—were applying the
screw to the people to aid in making the charge the
more effectual. No, sir, it is not the Administra-
tion that has produced a decline of prices and pe-
cuniary distress, but it is the secret and invisible,
but powerful, hand of the moneyed and banking
power, that has inflicted the blow, and which has
made itself to be felt throughout our entire country.
It is now in the precess of carrying out that oft re-
peated maxim, in the political creed of the Federal
party, and which is so revolting to the principles of
freemen—that the people must be made to feel, before
they can be brought to their senses. In other words,
that the spirit of freedom rhust be conquered be-
fore the people can be made to tubmit to the des-
potism of banking corporations, that now aspírelo
govern them and the country.
The pecuniary distress of the country was easi-
ly accounted for, and could, with no reason or
justice, be imputed to the measures of the Admi-
nistration, however it might suit the purposes of
political partisans to ascribe it to that cause. Ever
since banks had been establ shed in this coun-
try, an expansion of paper had always produced
an apparent prcsperity, and a rise in prices, while
a contraction had uniformly caused the very oppo-
site effects. This had, been the history of those
corportations under all Administrations, and was
undoubtedly the true cause ot the present pecu-
aiaiy difficulties.
The warfare (said Mr. B ) which had been
waged unrelentingly against the people of this
country by the moneyed power and banking corpo-
rations, under the command of Federal politician ,
had commenced near eight years ago: since which
time they had endeavored to harass the country in
every posible way, as he believed, to accomplish
its subjugation to their purposes of governing it.
The time which this warfare had been car-
ried on against the country and its repablican in-
stitutions, very nearly corresponded with that which
a foreign monarch employed in the attempt to con-
quer and enslave it. He trusted that the same
noble spirit of resistance that had defended and
saved the Country then from the tyranny of a
foreign power, would again save it from the merci-
less grasp of a moneyed despotism. The strug-
gle was a most important one to the country, and
would be decisive of its political fate, for years to
come, if not forever.
It had been predicted, (remarked Mr. B.) more
than two years since, by a distinguished
individual of that body, as well as by
others, that a second bank suspension would
lake place just in time to do good service in behalf
of their political allies, that they might profit by it
in the Presidential election. This prediction had
been realized, and all the mighty influences which
the prejsare and pecuniary distress, consequent on
such a state of things, produced, were now to be em-
ployed to defeat the Democratic party. He
would exhort them, in the name of the Constitu-
tion, to stand firm. He would exhort them, as
they valued the liberty and independence of their
country, once more to rally in this last great and
decisive conflict between parties, and overthrow
this formidable coalition that now contended for
mastery over the country. One more defeat, and
their banking allies would cease to harass the
country for political purposes. The coalition of
politicians, which had acted with them, would be dis-
banded, and the prineiples of free Government
would be more firm ly re-established.
The great question to be decided, in the present
conflict between parlies, was one, in his estimation,
far transcending, in importance, mere questions of
temporary policy; it was a question that, in his opi-
nion, went to the very form and principles of our
Government; it was a question, whether the peo-
ple should continue to rule themselves, or were to
be ruled by banking corporations. It had often
bren exultmgly proclaimed, in this chamber, dur-
ing the present session; and again had been dis-
tinctly intimated in the course of the present de-
bate, that a change in the Administration of the
Government was near at hand, which was to be
followed by all the blessings, so unsparingly and
delusively promised by those who sought to attain
power. And what were the blessings, he could ask,
that this change, now anticipated with so much
joy, was hkely to confer on the country? What
benefit could the people hope for, by the coming
into power of an Administration, formed by a coali- •
tion of Bank, Abolition, anJ high tariff parties?
These were political elements, devtructive to the
peace and happiness of the country, the liberties
of the people and the union of the States.
It formed a subject for the most momentous
consideration of the people in every part of the
country, but more particularly for those of the
Southern portion of thii Confederacy.
Mr. B. pronounced it as his deliberate opi-
nion, that the success of the Federal party, under
existing circumstances, would be practically
a revolution in our Republican form of Govern-
ment. With the mighty energies and influencs
of near eight hundred banks, penetrating every
part of our country, added to the patronage of the
Government of the United States, their power
would be irresistible, and their authority would be
permanently established over the country. The
great right of suffrage, by this mighty inflaence,
brought to bear on it, would be overwhelmed, and
rendered utterly unavailing to check their tyranny,
and to expel them from power. The Democratic
principle would be struck down, and would not
probably for a half century, if ever again, recover
control of the Government. These were sub-
jects addressing themselves to the most so'emn
considerations of those in our country, who wished
to preserve our Republican institutions.
The most extraordinary means were resorted to,
at this lime, for the purpose of effecting this change.
The miserable pageantries which the Federal party
had attempted to play off, in every part of the
country, tor the purpose of operating on and de-
luding the people, were an insult and a contempt
to American freemen, and a virtual denial of their
intelligence and capability for self government.
They weie appeals, not made to their reason and
patiiotism, but to the most degraded prejudices.
They were of the same character, and designed to
have the same effect, with the public games and
exhibitions, given by artful demagogues, who in-
tended to enslave the people, in the most degene-
rate days of the Roman Republic. They were
means better suited to be used by the privileged
orders of Europe, to amuse and keep in subjection
their serfs, than to convince the underitandings of
high-minded and intelligent freemen. He appre-
ciated too highly both the virtue and intelligence of
the American people, to believe for a moment that
they could be deluded and imposed on by such
miserable attempts at deception and imposition.
Mr. B. said that he had spoken freely and plain-
ly on the present occasion. The crisis demanded
that no one, who wished to perpetuate the liberties
of his country, should shrink from the performance
of his duty. Actuated by these sentiments, he had
been induced to make the remarks which he had,
on that occasion, felt himself called on to submit to
the Sena'e.
Mr. SOUTHARD insisted on the impropriety of
printing 30,600 copies of a document, the truth and
importance of which was known but to one Sena-
tor. He also argued to show that the Opposition
were not responsible for the extravagant expendi-
tures of the Government.
Mr. HUBBARD said that he rejoiced tb.it this
debate had arisen. The time, the occasion, and
all the attendant circumstances, gave to the discus-
sion a peculiar interest. There were in attend-
ance, within the reach of his voice, many ot tus
own constituents, the friends and the foes ol tne
Administration. The Senate could not fad to be
reminded, by the unprecedented number of the
freemen now occupying the galleries of this Senate
chamber, that there could be no more appropriate,
