440
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1840.
£6tb Como<<"1st Skss.
Public Expenditures—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
upon Congress toe power to borrow money; that it
«as a loan, and when made it became a public
debt. He admitted that it was an unfunded debt;
bit nevertheless was, in every view, a subsisting
debt, and for the redemption of which the faith
of the Government was solemnly pledged.
The payments therefore made from the Treasury
in 1838, in taking up these Treasury notes, were
as much an extinguishment to that amount of the
nafaaded pablic debt, as] the payments made in
1884 for a like parpóse were an extinguishment of
a corresponding amount of the funded debt of the
Government. The only difference was, that in the
latter ease, the debt was due abroad; in the former,
the debt was due at home. He would say in con-
clusion, that he hoped to see the motion submitted
by the Senator from Missouri adopted. .If there
was truth in the stories abroad in the land, at to
the extravagance and profligate expenditure of the
people's money by this Administration; the publi-
cation of this document can have no effect. If
there is no foundation in truth for such statements,
the printing of this document will lend to correct
every error, to remove every false impression now
resting upon the public mind in relation to this
subject. That cause must be both weak and
wicked which can only be sustained by deception
and trick; and that cause is strong, and «nut pre-
vail, which rests upon the immovable pillars of truth
aad of justice.
Mr. WEBSTER, having urged the impropriety
of printing 30,000 copies of a paper unknown and
unread, preeeded to comment on the fact that one
of the columns of ibis paper embraced those items
which were considered extraordinary or temporary
by the Secretary of the Treasury; which items, by
the express terms of Mr. Bekton's resolution,
were to be separated from the oidinary aggregate,
and not to be cbaiged upon the Administration as
proofs of prodigality. But the very complaint
was that these were extraordinary items, and that !
they went to make up the extravagant expenditures |
of the Government. AH prodigality was neces-
sarily extraordinary in a justly administered Go-
vernmenu This document was evidently not a
mere authentic matter of record; it was a state-
meat, left, to a considerable extent, to the discre-
tion of the Secretary.
Mr. W. also replied to Mr. Hubbard, comment-
ing on various items of expenditure by this Admi-
nistration, and particularly on the unfortunate
choice which they had made of enormously de-
faulting public officers.
Mr. BROWN observed, that the gentleman from
New Jersey had made a new issue in regard to this
subject, and demanded the production of the re-
cord to show that himself and his friends had voted
for extravagant appropriation*. He presumed that
gentleman would not deny that he had voted for
those bills, which constituted almo t the entire
amount of the expenditures of the Government.
These were the naval appropriation bill,the military
appropriation bill, and the appropriations for the
civil list, together with those for the removal of
the Indians.
But allow me, said Mr. B. te exhibit some in-
stances in which that Senator and  his  friends
have  voted  for most  enormous extravagances;
aad he had no doubt  but,  by examining   the
journals,   similar   votes   of  that   Senator  and
his party could be found, without number.   In
the bill providing indemnity for French spolia-
tions prior to 1800, five millions of dollars was the
amount that would have been appropriated, had it
passed both Houses.   Now, on the final passage of
that bill by the Senate, page 125 of the journal,
at the session of 1834 and '35, that Senator's name
is recorded in the affirmative; and yet this was an
old claim, that very many well informed statesmen
believed never had   any foundation   in justice.
That bill was passed by the Senator and his friends
in this body, a majority of the friends of the Ad-
ministration voting against it.   Then there was the
bill for the relief of the three corporations of Wash-
ington, Georgetown, and Alexandia, appropriating
abottt a million of dollars, and the name of the Sena-
tor, together with those of most of his friends, was
found recorded for that bill, a large number of the
friends of the Administration voting against it.
These were specimens of that economy on which
the gentleman and his friends had thought proper
to favor them with a lecture; and he had not a
doubt but, by examining the journals, many more
of such specimens could be found. But the gen-
tleman said, in regard to banks, that they were the
friends of the Administration. What, sir, said Mr.
B. after what the gentleman has told us from day
to day, that the policy of the Administration was
ruinous to the banks, but which he himself did not '
believe, would he now have us to understand him
as saying that these institutions were friendly to
those whose policy was, he alleged, breaking them
down? Why, this was an absurdity that even the
gentleman himself must be forcibly struck with.
The gentleman himself was, not a very long time
ago, if he was not now, president of a large bank-
ing institution, and he believed that he, at least, was
not distinguishd for his friendship to the Adminis-
tration. For his part, he never did admit that the
Administration had pursued a line of policy with a
view of injuring the banks; but he believed that
these corporations pursued a course of policy with
a view of forcing a restoration of the funds of the
Government to their keeping. The gentleman, in
a very good natnred way, reminded him that in a
very few months he would receive (Mr. B. pre-
sumed from North Carolina) a reproof for the
course he had taken.
[Mr. Southard here said he did not allude to
North Carolina.]
Mr. Brown continued. The gentleman spoke
personally in relation to me, and I was left to infer
that the rebuke he anticipated for me was from my
own State.
Sir, should I meet with the misfortune of receiv-
ing such a rebuke, the gentleman, from practical
experience, will know how to sympathize with me,
j for the gentleman, and the Administration of which
j he was a member, had received such a rebuke from
i the popular fiat some years since, in the most un-
; equivocal manner.   That the gentleman and his
1 friends should  wish to be reinstated in office, and
\ that they should even, in defiance of probabilities,
i indulge in the most sanguine anticipations, was
reasonable enough; but that the popular rebuke,
such as he anticipated  would be bestowed on the
Democratic party, was, to say the least of it," not
very probable.     The gentleman, in good  time,
would find himself greatly mistaken in his predic-
tions.                                                '
Mr. CALHOUN. I am the friend of economy,
and have, I trust, ever evinced it by my votes and
other public acts. I believe that in all free Stales
it is a cardinal virtue,and in ours, an indispensable
one, if we desire to preserve our political institu-
tions. As the friend of economy, I rejoice to hear
this debate. The crimination and recrimination of
extravagance between the twe sides of the Senate,
is* a proof that the day of extravagance is passed,
and that of economy has arrived. We have had
a period of extravagance. It is manly to acknow-
ledge the truth. Our expenditures have gone far
beyond what they ought to bave been. The im-
portant question is, what and who caused it?
The cause, sir, will be found in an overflowing
Treasury, which had to be sluiced by appropriations
to prevent an inundation; not overflowing with
gold and silver, but with bank notes, paper credit,
to retain which in the Treasury would, ineffect.have
been but to borrow so much from the banks for the
time. The greatest of all absurdities is to hoard up
bank notes.or credit,in the Treasury. It is but to draw
so much from circulation to be filled up by ne«r issues,
thus giving the banks interest both on the old and
the new issues. But this is not the only objection.
It is liable to another, still stronger, if possible. The
notes drawn from circulation being replaced by
another issue of equal amount, the channels of
citculation are kept full, and when the Govsrn-
ment comes to draw from the Treasury the accu-
mulated mass, the necessary effect is, that the ad-
dition to the already full channels of circulation,
swells the tide till an inundation follows, sweeping
all before it, such as we lately witnessed. Yes,
we bave just passed through a period, in which
the most wasteful and corrupt expenditures could
not sluice the Treasury fast enough to prevent the
inundation of paper, but has left the country and
Government in their present embarrassed condi-
tion. I now ask, what caused this overflowing
Treasury, with all the accompanying extravagance
and following disasters? What, but the prolific
parent of evil, the protective system—duties im-
posed, not for revenue, but to favor one branch of
industry at the expense of all others; and which
exacted from the people more than the wants ofj
the Government needed, or even it3 waste and ex-
travagance could expend.
It is difficult, in the changed condition of things,
and in the midst of the present denunciation of ex-
travagance and praise of economy, to realize the
scenes through which we have lately passed. It is
but four yearssince,when he was considered a bene-
factor who could devise some new scheme of spend-
ing money, and when the then Administration, not-
withstanding the extravagance of the appropria-
tions, was censured for not spending money fast
enough, and was even called on by a resolution of
the Senate to know how much they cou'd spend.
Such was the cause of the extravagance which is
now condemned on all sides, and the fruits of a
mistaken and mischievous policy.
In order to determine who is responsible for this
extravagance, it is only necessary to decide who
are responsible for the policy in which it originated.
I, then, put tbe-question, who were the authors and
supporters of the protective system? I leave gen-
tlemen to answer. I submit it to the journals of
Congress and the public voice to decide. Appro-
priation and expenditures are but consequences—
dangerous and corrupting consequences—but, at the
same time, consequences whose alternative, an ac-
cumulation of a turplos mass of bank notes in the
Treasury, is, to say the least, not less dangerous
and corrupting. It has been our misfortune to be
cursed with these combined evils.
But, as important as are these questions, there is
another still more so, relating to the future. The
past is past, and cannot be recalled; and a recur-
rence to it is only profitable as furnishing lessons of
experience. The future is still before us with its
realities, and the important question is, who are
now the advocates and supporters of so calamitous
a policy, in spite of the severe lessons of experience?
Time will show, and when it does, it will make
manifest who are the real friends and authors of
extravagance, and foes of economy and retrench-
ment. I repeat, economy is a cardinal republican
virtue; and that there never existed a Government
of the kind, in which it was so indispensable as in
this of ours. I do not intend to go into the reasons
on this occasion; but of all Governments, ours is
that in which patronage and extravagance are the
most corrupting and dangerous. Thus thinking, I
rejoice that we are compelled to retrace
our steps and economize. Yes, compelled
by that which only can enforce economy on a do-
minant party and empty Treasury. It is on that I
rtfly. Its mandates must be obeyed, and I wish it
to be understood that I intend to use my best efforts
to keep it low, till the Government is thoroughly
reformed and restored to its original punt v. Fill
the Treasury to overflowing to-day, and to-morrow
the scenes of profusion and extravagance through
which we have thus far passed would return. No-
thing but stern necessity can correct abuses; and I
now give notice, when the time has arrived for the
readjustment of the tariff, 1 shall resist all attempts
to draw more money from the pockets of the peo-
ple than is absolutely necessary, with rigid econo-
my, to the just and constitutional wants of the Go-
vernment. In doing so, I shall give the highest
evidence of being the friend of economy and our
free institutions. Here let me say, that I deem fif-
teen millions of dollars annually to be ample to
meet all the just wants of the Government, not in-
cluding the Post Office Department. With that
sum, we may place our civil list and military esta-
blishment, in all its branches, on a respectable
fooling, and enlarge our navy, so as to give pro-
tection to our wide-spread commerce, and give us
the command ot the adjacent seas.
I know nothing of the contents of the document
that has caused this discussion, but will vote for
the motion witheut knowing whether the ef-
fects of the publication will be such as the mover
contemplates or not. . The  public attention is
