April, 184Ó.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
44 s'
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Davis.
H. of Reps.
tlemen around him were crying out, "There is no
hope for your road in the Senate," "Your bill is
killed in the Senate," and similar discouragii g re-
mark*; still, though he feared that this unfortunate
condition of their claim was but too true, it should
not deter him from discharg ng the duty he owed
10 the people who have honored him with their
confidence.
Mr. D. said there were two reasons which had
induced htm to move to strike out these particular
items from the estimates. The first was, that, un-
der the present straitened condition oí the Trea-
sury, he was under the impression that the colon-
nades, porticos, and other ornamental portions of
the Patent Office, and the Treasury building, could
with much propriety be dispensed with, at lea<-t for
the present. One of those buildings was now oc-
cupied, and the other could be rendered habitable
at very htlle additional cost. The Post Office
could be covered in so as to preserve it from injury
for another year, at a very trifling expense; and,
the materials on hand not being of a perishable
character, of course no great injury could result
from the delay.
But the second reason, said Mr. D. why he had
moved to strike out any portion of this bill, in
order to insert his amendment, was for the ac-
commodation of certain gentlemen, who are very
fastidious to accommodate the legislation of the
country, so as not to transcend the estimate* sub-
mitted to this House by the Secretary of the Trea-
sury. But before he proceeded to notice the ob-
jections of gentlemen to making appropriations
which are not included in the estimates of tb.3 cur-
rent year, he must be permitted to reply very
briefly to the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Parris ]
In his remarks lately made to the House, he [Mr.
Parris] says, that the new States have no claims
upon the General Government for making this
road. Now, sir, the gentleman has but little know-
ledge of the history of his own country, or at least
that portion of it called the new States; for it is
well known that this road had its origin in legisla-
tion as early as 1805; from that period forward
until the last year continued legislative sanction
has been extended to this read. The origin of the
claim to an appropriation was first founded in thr
compact admitting the State of Ohio into the Union
as will be seen by the report of a committee made
and the bill subsequently founded upon it, and ap
pro/ed 29th March, 1806, entitled "A bill to regu-
late the laying out and making a road from Cum
berland, in the State of Maryland, to the State ol
Ohio."
This first act of Congress not only provides for
the construction of this road by the two per cent,
reserved for that purpose by the compact between
the United States and the State of Ohio; but it
makes this additional provision in the same bill:
"That any further sums of money required for the
continuation of the road, shall be appropriated'out
of the Treasury of the United States."   Here is a
direct appropriation of money from the Treasury,
in addition to the two per cent, already reserved
for that purpose, and every subsequent appropria-
tion   bill   passed,   from   that   day   to   the   pre-
sent, has   drawn   from   the  the   Treasury   mo-
ney in advance, with the contingency that it be
reimbursed from the beforeinentioued two per cent,
reserved fond; showing conclusively that the gen-
tleman from Maine is in error, when he alleges
that the new States have no claims upon the Geneial
Government for this road; for the States of Indiana
and Illinois have claims arising from the compact
admitting them to the Uhion, couched in language
as strong as that of the compact with Ohio.    The
obligation on the General Government to complete
this road is imperative; for, according to the word-
ing of the compact   admitting Illinois   into the
Union, it is expressly stipulated that the Govern-
ment of the United States shall apply this fund,
(viz. the two per cent, reserved) to the making of a
road to the State.   This road to the State, the Ge-
neral Government has commenced; and will they
adopt the miserable policy of withholding from
this great national work the sum necessary to its
gradual completion? thereby permitting it to sink
into a state of dilapidation from which ten  times
the sum will be requisite to consummate the work
that may be necessary to complete it, if reasonable
annual appropriations be mad 1 Such a coime of
proceeding is worse dun folly, and i«, perhaps,
only equalltd by the conduct of the dissolute Ca-
tharine the Second, of Russia, who expended mil-
lions iii erecting g'gantic edifices at bnth Moscow
and Petersburg, and then commenced a public
highway to connect both these capitals; but
having abandoned her road to build a
marble palace for one of her favorites,
it remained a monument of her folly, and an ob-
struction rather than a facility to travellers. Shall
such be the fate of the on'y en'erprize of which
this great nation can bo3st? in his judgment, the
only one destined to perpetuate our nation's great-
ness, and as such, the on'y one having demands
upon eur nation's care, and our nation's treasure.
All, who have reflected upt-n the Mibject, will ap-
prove the policy of extensive land holdeis making
roads, with a viewr to enhance the value of their
own possessions; and on this ground alone the Ge-
neral Government would h,\ve been justified in
making this road, had they had no other object to
countenance the outlay. And is it not notorious
that millions upon millions have found their way
into the public coffers, that never would have
reached them, had it not been for the faci'i'ies al-
ready afforded by this great national undertaking,
and the o'hers held out by the pledge of its comple-
tion, as inducements to the people who have colo-
nized the West?
It was due to himself, said Mr. D. and to the
opinions he had long en'ertained, in relation to the
constitutional power of Congress to construct
works of internal improvement, to say, that ac-
cording to his judgment, no such power exists, un-
less for objects strictly and purely national; no
power is given by the Constitbtion to collect tases
from the many, to be di-bursed lor the bemfitof the
few; nor is the policy cf collec ing money from the
people to be sent back to the people, in accordance
with the tenor and spirit of our institu'ions; for the
people (to say nothing of the folly of such a
course) must be the losers by this process of col-
lecting and paying back their own money; but he
apprehended none of these objections would apply
to the case before them, as it is evident this work
has claim  paramount to any other now under the
supervision and control of the general Govern-
ment.
The gentleman from Maine further allege? that
this road is exclusively local and sectional, and of
course unconstitutional. Now (Mr. D. fa d) he
was at a loss to know by what kiad of log c the
honorable member can make this a local work,
when he knows, or if he does not know, it would
be but civility on his (Mr. D's) part to inform him,
that this road passes through portions of seven of
the States of this Union, overcoming in its course
the most serious obstacle to an internal commerce
of the States—the Alleghany mountains—t iereby
acting as the great binding ligament of the Union,
facilitating and establishing a social intercourse
between the East and the West, indispensable to
the permanent existence of onr great Republic.
To talk of the unconstitutionality of this great na-
tional enterprise, at this late period of its success-
ful progress, is absolutely worse than chimerical.
After it has- received, for the long space of five
and thirty years, the most unqualified support of
the most logical expounders of constitution ! law,
both in and out of Congress; after it had re-
ceived the deliberate sanction of Jefferson
himself, whose pertinacious adherence to the
Constitution was only equalled by the wisdom that
directed his opinions; and also having received the
sanction of Madison, Monroe, Adams, Jackson,
and Van Buren, as they successively approved
bills providing for the continuation of ihis work.
Surely gentlemen canyot hope to make a success-
ful attack aeainst this road, upon a point so to-
tally untenable; nor is it by the common or prac-
tical construction of that instrument alone that this
work may be continued; for its magnitude and
nationality defies even a rigid construction of the
Constitution itself.
The gentleman has also brought forward in his
remarks, made in opposition to this work, the
oost per mile, taken, as he alleges, from the esti-
mates for making the road; now, in this report the
gentleman has ac ed, if not with a view to mis-
lead tie puhli- mini, at lean illiberally and erro-
roneou-ly. Who ever heard of an average of ex-
penditure bcirg drawn fora a single item in a long
and fluctuating accoun', and that item the
very h ghat in the ma-sl Whv, in the
name ot cimmon jj^tice and fa,r dealing, did
he not also tell you that the enormous average,
as he wou'd have you understand it, in this parti-
lar m le, was swelled into its magnitude by the
unusual dimculti°s cf the locality and the expendi-
ture of four hundred and fi'ty-four thousand dol-
lars upon bridges al.me, leaving the ac'ual expeBse
of this mile of roid, exclusive tf the br dge*, only
ten thousand dolUrs. Why did he not present the
two presediog miles at the .«ame time, one of which
(No. 69) only cost four thou-and tso hundred dol-
lars, and the other (No. 70) only three thousand
seven hundred dollars.
The gsntleman has also taken some pains to
travel out of his way, in order to attack and vtllify
a most useful class of Western citizens, called
squatters, who should more justly be denominated
the pioneers of the West, he has stigmatized them
as mere "pillagers of the soil, calling upon Con-
gress to make roads for their accommodation." He
knows but little of the persons he thus wantonly
attacks, or he would not brand them wiih such un-
merited and opprobrious epithets. Sir (said Mr.
D.) if there is one class of citizens among the peo-
ple of the West, more honest and patriotic than
their neighbors, they are the hardy squatters, who
have broken through the wilderness, and rendered it
subservient to the comforts and prospentyof the gen-
tleman who so unjus ifiably maligns them. Many,
very many, of our moa respectable and intelli-
gent yeomanry were once sattiers upon the public
lands; many of that cías? are still so, and no man
who knows these people will ever think the less of
them for the humbleness of their outset in life, un-
less indeed he may entertain the opinion that
wealth is essential to honesty, and true love of
countr}; for himself, he must say that he had ever
found, among the occupants of the humble cottage
of the West, a hospitality, and devotion to their
country, never to be found in the contaminated
and fashionable circles of wea th.
Besides, sir, the gentleman should remember
that these "squ?tters" are made up of emigrants
from aH parts of the Union; we have them even
from the State of "Maine," and they too make
good and industrious citizens; their only distin-
guishing characteristic is an unusual 'fondness for
"pine logs and saw milis."
As my friend from Maine has already received
a pretty severe cas iaation from one of my col-
leagues, [Mr. Howard,] I will, with one additional
comment, dismiss that gentleman's attack upon
the people of the West. He told us that he ap-
proved of the policy, and admitted the constitu-
tionality, of the General Government making, as
they had done, a road from Bangor, in Maine, to
tbe British dominions, because, forsooth, it was
dubbed a military road; constructed, as the gentle-
man says, for the purpose of transporting troops;
and this road, according to the honorable member's
own showing, has been McAdamized for the pur-
pose Now, sir, he could tell the honorable mem-
ber that these poor and despised squatters, whom
he is so gratuitously disposed to traduce, would be
ready and willing to march, at a moment's warn-
ing, against the enemies of their country, without
requiring that country to prepare a McAdamized
turnpike for them to travel over. This was no
oiatoncil conjecture, but had actually taken place;
and he felt pleasure, as well as pride, in thus bear-
ing testimony to matters of fact which fell under
his own knowledge.
Mr. D. said he regretted exceedingly that this
national road qnestien had, like every other sub-
ject discussed this session, formed an arena for a
party conflict. The President has been censured
for his course, and the opponents of the Adminis-
tration have, in some manner, been held to accoun-
tability for the probable failure of this appro-
priation.                       .   .              ,..               .   .
Mr. D; said he would give a candid statement of
