444
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1M0.
46th Cono.......1st Skss.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Davis
H. of Reps.
the present posture of this affair (a> he understood
it) in a very few words.
At the opening of the pre ent session, the
PrfMileat'i messagf was accompanied by a sche-
dule of esltmate^ for the current year, coming to
this House, as is usual, through the Secretary of
the Treasury. In the aggregate amount, pre-
sumed by that officer to be necessary and proper
for the economical and efficient management of
the Government, no sum was named for the
continuation of ins national road. This omis-
sion is sai 1 to be novel, and many think it culpa-
ble; for h'msrlf, he must say that he regrets this
omission, as it has furnished some gentlemen,
(among whom Mi. Hoffman of New York avows
himself one,) who have hi'herto sustained thi<
woik, with a rretext for opposing it now;
but what is extremely povel in their ro-sition
is the fact that these saarie gentleman are decided
opponents of the President, unwilling to follow his
suggestions in any instance whatever, except this;
and now, torso- ih, "so strange a «pint has come
o>r their dream," that Mr. Van Buren must play
the part of the *' oracle," to their pliant consciences
before they will vote us one " sous " for our road !
Truly,
"Consistency, thoo art a jewel'"
I wi.-h these fastidious gentlemen could find it
convenient to abide  the recommendations of the
President in some other particulars.
[H«re Mr. Brown of Mississippi said he appre-
hended that sucha coime of remuki would lead
to reply, and elicit a long debate ]
Mr. D. said be was determined to confine him-
self to ihe qoe&iion; but that nothin; was to be
feared by the friends of this road, if debate should
be elicited, for he was confident that much of the
opposition to this work arose from the fact that the
subject was not well understood.
Mr. D. said, when he was interrupted by the
gentleman from Mississippi, he was in the act of
defining the course of the President in relation to
this subject. Some gentlemen reflected upon the
Secretary of the Treasury also, for not submitting
the necessary estimates; but it never was any pari
of his duty to compile the items necessary for pub-
lic works net connected with the necessary opera-
tion tf the Government: it is true, however, that
he has usually been the organ of communication
for such estimates, coming, as they always have
done, from the Secretary of War. At this scs-ion,
this information was sent to this House, direct from
the War Department, as will be feen in a docu-
ment from that officer, marked No. 2, .«cd evidently
intended as a part of the Presideut's message and
accompanying documents.
On page 624 of these report*, the Engineer-in-
Chief, as introductory to his estimates, holds the
following language:
"I transmit an estimate of the funds required to
complete the various civil works under charge of
the Engineer Departmnt, together with an esti-
mate of funds required for operations during the
year 1840."
This language has the approbation of the Presi-
dent and the Seercary of War, as pacing under
their in pection and approval tróm the Engineer to
this House; and on the succeeding page may be
found the following items:
ForconopletiDgthe Cumterland road
in Ohio   -           -           -           -   $628,166 26
For  completing   the   Cumberland
road in Indiana  -          -           -  3,144,250 20
For   completing   the   Cumberland
road in Illinois   -           -           - 1,432,138 49
The amount required to carry on the work for
1840, is as follows:
For Ohio           .... $100,000
For Indiana      -                                        J50,000
For Illinois       ...           -   150,000
The aggregate .amount estimated as necessary
/or the completion of this rrad, is, in my humóle
opinion, much too high; at least such is my beief,
so far as Indiana is concerned; and I «press this
opinion with great deference to the judgment of
Captain Ogden, the superintendent of this road,
whom I know to be an efficient and compe-
te !  officer} but,   sir,  I ventare  this  proposi-
tion to the General Government, that if they
will give us one-half of the above mentioned sum
in reasonable ins alments, we will give them a quit
cla'm to any further drafts upon the Treasury,
and they shall retain all their rights to transport
troops, &c. upon the road, as a great national high-
way.
It has been urged by a d:stinguished gentleman
from Pennsylvania [-VIr. Biddi.e] that (he Presi-
dent, in his course this session, upon the subject of
internal improvements, was guilty of a deep
finesse, made with a view to secure Southern votes,
by holding out the idea that he was ostensibly op-
posed to a sjst.-m of internal improvements, and
yet intending to press for appropriations to this
work in an mdiiect manner. Now the gentleman
mistakes the character and intelligence of the peo-
ple of the new States if he supposes they could be
duped by any such chicanery. Hs, Mr. Ü. hail no
reason to doubt but that the opinions of the Presi-
dent remained as they ever have been; and that
thev are favorable to the road is evidenced by the
fact that he has signed bills providing for its con-
tinuation. But if the gentleman be correct in his
surmi-es, if the President has shifted his position,
it would be far from receiving his (Mr. D's) com-
mendaiion; for the great political star which had
guided h¡¡ course through life was to do what he
thought best for his countty and his constitu-
ents, regardless of o'her men's op nions. And
yet, said Mr. D. I never have been
viewed as one of your pla*t c politicians, whoso
only merit is their pliability. But, sir, if the Pre-
sident has acted as the gentleman alleges, it ap-
pears to me to be a most mistiken policy, endan-
gering a loss of confidence in the West, and by
bo means securing; new friends in the South.
[Here Mr. Hubbard rose to a point of order,
and said that the appropriation had nothing to do
with the opinions of the President, but must be
judged upon i's own merits.]
Mr. D. said, in reply to Mr. H. that that was
precisely what he desired gentlemen should do in
voting on this appropriation, without insisting that
the President, or any other individual, should first
instruct them how to proceed. Mr. D. said he fe't
it due to himself, to notice for a moment, there-
marks made by the genileman from New York
[Mr. Hoffman] some time s nee, upon this subject.
He [Mr. H ] exultinely proclaimed to th's House
and to the couniry, how much devotion the Whigs
of the last Congress had manifesttd by their votes
upon the question of this road. Now, it is pro-
bable, said Mr. D. that a majority of the seventy-
four votes given for that road on the last day of
the last session, were of that gentleman's party, and
it is a matter of deep reg'et that the same result
was not made manifest by the vote taken in this
body some weeks since, on a motion to instruct the
committee to reprrt a bill for this road; on that oc-
casion, of the eighty-eight affirmative votes, forty-
eight were of Ihe Democratic party, the gentleman
himself voting in the negative. The eentleman
also alleges, that the members upon this floor, from
the line of this road, are here because the Demo-
cratic presses in Indiana (three or tour of which
he specified by name, and ene of that number in
his, Mr. D's, own district,) opened their batteries
during the last canvass in Indiana upon our prede-
cessors; "and to Whig inefficiency and Whigluke-
warmness was attnbut-d ths defeat of the Cum-
berland road." The e fac's, he says, he gives
upon the infotmation of others; and my colleague
from the Evansville district avows himself the in-
formant. Sir, said Mr. D. if my honorable colleague
had been as faithful in detailing the whole fac's con-
nected with the late elections in Indiana, as he has
been in supplying a part of them, I should have been
spared the necessity of this explanation. During
the pendency of the last election, there were nine
political papers published in my district; six of that
number were decidedly opposed to my election.
The whole nin« were z«alous and active in the sup-
pert of their favorite candidates for Congress; and
all that could be said in truth, and perhaps a little
more, was published for and against my predecessor
and myself; so that the charge of Whig impotency,
to which the gentleman refers, was more than ba-
lanced by the untiring exertions of our opponents;
and special pains were taken by the Opposition
prints to lay before the public the relative strength of
parties, as expressed in the vote for taking up this
bill at ihe cli se  of the last session.
But, *ir, the gentleman would have you under-
stand that those of us who represent districts
through which this road passes, are here exclu-
sively on this question, at he is inprmed. Now,
Mr. D. said, to speak only for himself upon this
subject, he could inform the gentleman, that of
the ten counties he had the honor to represent, se-
ven do not touch upon this road, and have no
more immediate or direct interest in its completion,
than the district represented by his colleauge who
sits before him, [Mr. Proffit;] and in the three
remaining counties through which the read passes,
his Mr. D's aggregate majority was less than one
huiid.-ed, whilst his ultima'e majority in the entire
disltict was thirUen htmdred.
The honorable member from New York has
given us a glowing and eloquent description of the
importance of this "queen of ways." Ha tells
us that "he is its friend from principle;" that he
looks upon it "as a great nationoí road"—"as a
monument to stand in after times to record the
wisdom of those who planned, and those who sus-
tained it." He tells u«, moreover, "that his friend-
ship for it i< not mere oratorical profession, but
stands recorded on our journals." Why then, sir,
has the gentleman turned his back upon this na-
tional and maenificfiit undertaking] He tells
you himself, in language ;o plain that those who
run may read. I wish that others of his politi-
cal friends would be as candid on this subject
as he is. He tells you, sir, that, if this effort for
an appropriation should be crowned with suc-
cess this year, it will furnish the present delega'ion
from Indiana with capital to sustain both them-
selves and the President. "If political agitation
was required before the election, it would again be
summoned to ad the friends of the Administra-
tion." He tells you "that, if these appropriations
be now made, the course of the Representatives
fiom Indiana will be one of triumph;" that, fear-
ing these results, he is bound to withhold his sup-
port; in short, he admits that party, with him, has
triumphed over principle. I forbear, sir, (said Mr.
D ) to dra*.' conclu'icns from such a course of con-
duct. 1 leave to th* intelligent yeomanry of my
distrirt, and of the country, the task of estimating
the efTors of ihis eloquent gentleman.
[Mr Hubbard here said he must protest against
going into g-neral politics.
Mr. Thompson of South Carolina considered it
in orJer, on an appropriation bill, to go mte the
whole course of the Government.
The chairman of the committee [Mr. Casey]
sain 'hat the gentleman from Indiana was strictly
in erder ]
Mr. Davis then said that he had felt it to be his
duiy to reply to accusations, in sime sense personal
to himself; but that he should now dismiss the honora-
ble member from New York, for whom, having the
honor of lis acquaintance, he must say he enter-
taid the highest personal regard.
One word, however, said Mr. D. to my colleague
from the Evansville district, for whom, also, I en-
tertain the kin 'e t personal feeling. He told us,
some days ago, in his remarks, avowedly made upon
this subject, ihat he was determined to tell ihis
House of " the tricks and capers cut on the stump
in Indiana at the last election." It is but justice
to him to say, that of all my colleagues, I believe
him to be the best qualified for the task, especially
if experience is to form the basis of his avowal.
[Mr. Proffit very good humoredly asknow-
ledged the fact ]
Mr. D. said he had also a word to say to the re-
presentatives from Virginia; he regretted that the
constitutional scruples of many of them had in-
creased so much since the road had crossed the
Ohio river. They tell us, "that the primitive object
in making this road, was attained, whenever the
waters of the Atlantic were connected by it with
the navigable waters emtying into the Mississippi."
Now, Mr. Chairman, I apprehend that if these
gentlemen had been disposed to give a rigid con-
struction to the Constitution, and the compact in
which this road had its origin, their efforts in i's
