April, 1840.
26th Covg«-"1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Parmenter.
H. of Reps.
part, was an est mate of the condi ion ot the Trea-
sury, as follows:
Money in the Treasury lOih February, 1840,
availatie for general purposes, computed to be
about $1,700,000, but at ttw end of the month it
will, probably, be reduced to         -   §1,300,000
Not over tvsothirds oí this will be
situated on the seaboard, and conve-
nient for nse to pay pensions and re-
deem Treasury notes.
Receipts.
In March, April, and May, I rom cus-
toms and lands, estimated at          -     3,600,000
Receipts from banks in those months,
indebted in 1837 as depositories, es-
timated at                                                 200J300
Now.and before the 1st June,com-
puted aggregate means                   -   $5,100,000
Expenditures.
Expenditures for pensions required by
5 h March, as estimate! by ihe War
Department, at $1,760,000; oí
which will then be needed, besides
what has been recently cdvanced,
about        -
Treasury notes falling due by March
7th, n t yet redeemed
Treasury notes falling due by March
13ih, not yet redeemed
Treasury nces falling due in the rest
of March, April, and May, and
others then redeemable
Ordinary expenditures in March,
Apul, and May, out of appropria-
tions already made, and new ones
whi«h are expected to pass, and are
required to carry into effect exist-
ing laws, f«ir ordinary objects, be-
fore 1st of June, estimated at
Least balance usually proper to have
on hand, at various points, near as
well as remote       ....
Add for the 1st of June, to meet what
is immediately due under the many
new appropriations passed near the
close of the session
Deduct the computed means
$900,000
550,000
250,000
1,150,000
4,500,000
2,000,000
500,000
$9,850/00
5,100,000
Amount of additional means appear-
ing exped eat now and before the
1st of June            -            -           -   $4,750 000
All these documents were before Congress, when
my colleague selected a single passage  from the
message of the President, from which he inferred,
that Congress and ihe people were kept in the dark.
Do*s not every paper specially refer to the annual
communication 1    Is it not already detrinnstra'ed,
that much of the deficit, although s-ome was before
expected, for the early  part of the year, ari-es
from new cause*? It will be seen, of the $4,750,000
wanted, two millions are  to  be in the Treasury,
and about two millions for the   redemption  of
Treasury notes.     There can be no reason for the
ilea that there was any disposition to keep any
other appearance on the state of the Treasury,
than that which a full and frank statement would
require.   From the beginning to the end, the Ex-
ecutive has given the true view of the whole sub-
jeci, and it appears to me, lh°re is nohing to war-
rant the coDclu>ion, that Congress was not season-
ably informed, and through Congress, the people
of the country apprised of the probable deficit of
the revenue.
It would seem hardly necessary, if it were not
that party prejudice is ready to attribute any thing
• and every thing evil to the Administration, to ar-
range and commcit upon the statf ments of these
aewal pubhe documents. But, if u go abroad
that the Presiden*, in speakin? of m> important a
part of the national concerns as it  finat c <, had
omitted to a hide, to th? probability of the Treasu-
ry not b-ug able to meet the demands upon it, we
all know die extrtit io whñh party zsal would go.
I have thought it w*Bt therefore, to make an ahu-
fjen, to it, becaust itfca* appeared clear to me,ib,at
the President and Secretary not only gave warning,
but continued it in ihe most explicit manner. Ido
not believe there is a man on this floor, who was
not aware ihat there wou'd be, at an eaily part of
the session, a necess.ty for legislation for the Trea-
sury, or any one, who had examined the President's
first message and accompanying documents, who
did not see the suggestion plainly made.
If I have understood the argument of my col-
league on this point, he must have intended to
show, either that the President had not sufficiently
investigated the state of the national finances, or
that thpre was evidence of insincerity in the pas-
sage quoted. Tnerafore it is material, that all the
passages in the President's message should be re-
ferred to, in order that justice should be done; not
only in the annual message, as I have mentioned,
do s the President allude to other contingencies
than those mentioned by my colleague, but in
every other message, from that time until he
made bis speech, has he presented the whole
view of the sate of the Treasury, but made a
special reference to the" annual message and ihe
Secretary's report. It appears tome manifest that my
colleague has failed in proving either inattention
or insincerity.
The expenditures of the Government are
brought to the consideration of the people by
my co'Ieague. Hs has informed us that they
have greatly increased, and quotes the report
ot the Register of the Treasury, and says truly,
that it has been the subject of discussion through-
out the whole country. I know it has been fully
examined and commented upon in the section of
country from which we came. It will be reeollccted
that the charge of extravagance is, to a great
extent, against the Executive. There can be no
pretence that the Executive is to be held responsi-
ble for necessary expenses arising out of the wants of
the country from increased population and business.
No one contends this is extravagance; and if Con-
gress appropriate additional sums for the defences
of the country, our armies, fortifications, navy,
and ail the important arms of defenoe, as well as
other objects, the Executive is not to be answera-
ble, excepting for i s proper expenditure. But it
is said the Adm nitration party is to be held to ac-
cojnt, if the Executive is not. This, <5f course
exonerates the Executive; but I shall make a few
remarks on that point.
My colleague has selected the years 1828, be-
ing the last year of Mr. John Q,uincy Adams's
administration, and 1838, the second year of Mr.
Van BurenV, administration. These are taken as
the years which he considered the most favora-
ble for hi* object. But before I proceed, I will
make a single remark on the assertion that the
Administration party had a majority in both
Houses of Congress. My colleague says this is
shown by the choice of Mr. Polk as Speaker, and
the appoinment of standing committees. Is it
not notorious, however, that a portion of the
members chosen, as friends of the Administra-
tion party, deserted the Democracy, and, under
the name of Conservative, joined the Federal-
ists, and chose an Opposition printer, whose bills
of printing have been enormous, exhausting all
the appropriations and leaving a large sum to
be appropriated by the present Congress to pay
arrearages? Th:s was done without the Senate
which was Democratic, as the House had the
control of its ewn printing. The printing for the
House, during the administration of President
Jackson, when the House had a Democratic ma-
jority for each Congress, in number four, ave-
ra?ed one hundred and fourteen thousand rive
hundred and eight dollars and twenty-nine cents,
($114 508 29,) being for the whole eight years
four hundred and fifty eight thousand and thirty-
three dollars and eighte'n cents, ($458,033 18;)
whi'e for the Twenty-fifth Congress, when Tho-
mas Allen, a i Opposition Printer, was chosen by
the anion of Wings and Conservatives against
the Administration, the printing bills amounted,
for one Congress, to two hundred and thirty-
three THOUSAND AND SIXTT-TWO DOLLARS AND SIX-
TEEN cents, ($233,062 16,) more than double the
average for the preceding four Cougresse , and
eighty thousand dollars higher than any one.
Yet, sir, thispaity talks loudly of extravagance.
Notwithstanding the cheice of a Democatic
Speakor, tiere was a majority in this House
azainst the Administration, by the junction of
Wh'gs and Contei vaiives; and in every instance
but cne, I beliere, have they gone o*er to the Fe-
deral party. The following is the list of the mem-
bers of the Twenty-fifth Congress, with the parties
to which they belonged, after the development as
ind caled in the choice cf Printers at the extra
session.
The Democrats were, from Maine, 4; New
Hampshire, 5; Massachusetts, 1; Connecticut, 6;
Ver.nonr, 1; New York, 27; Pennsylvania, 17;
Maryland, 3; Vngmia, 12, North Carolina, 6;
South Carolina, 7; Georgia, 8; Kentucky, 1; Ten-
nessee, 3; Ohio, 7; Loui^ana, 1; Indiana, 1; Illi-
nois, 2; Alabama, 3; Missouri, 2; Arkansas, 1;
Michigan, 1—Total 119.
The Federalists were, Maine, 3; Massachusetts,
11; Rhode Island, 2; Vermont, 4; New Yoik, 10;
New Jersey, 6; Pennsylvania, 11; Delaware, 1;
Maryland, 5; V.rginia, 6; North Carolina, 7;
South Carolina, 1; Georgia, 1; Kentucky, 12; Ten-
nesse, 10; Ohio, 11; Louisiana, 2; Indiana, 6; Mis-
sissippi, 2; Illinois, 1; Alabama, 2—Total 114.
The Conservatives were Maine, 1; New York, 3;
Virginia, 3; South Carolina, 1; Ohio, 1—-Total 9.
Making 123 Whigs and Conservatives, and 119
Democrats.
Wiih the exception of one only [Mr. Hopkins
of Virginia] all the Conservatives have perma-
nently joined the Opposition, and are now, in
name, as they were before in feeling, identified
with the opponents of this Administration. It is
tmly singular, that the very year during the
whole pericd, which is referred to as being that
in which the expenses of the Gov«rnment were
the highest in amount, the Administraron party
was in a minority in this House, where trie appro-
priation bills are moit discussed and arranged—
and the great item of public printing for the
Hou e, which, as shown, exceeded all bounds, was
given to a printer oppo-ed to the National
Administra'icn.
But the Secretary of the Treasury is required
annually to communicate estimates of what, in his
opinion, the wants of the country require, and such
estimates are before uv, and completely contradict
the charges of extravagant appropriations on the
authority of the Executive. But he intimates that
the Administration encourage, through committees,
appropriations not included in the estimates. He
gives us no evidence of his opinion. The people
who send himself and me here, prefer, in matters
©f thi«kind, facts, figuie.-, and proof. They will
form their own opinions. Neither will they look
at amonnts only, to infer extravagance. They
will look at objects for which appropriations are
made, and the manner in which the money has
been expended.
What were the Executive estimates for the year
1838?   The report for that year says:
"The expenditures for the year 1838, exclusive of
the redemption   of the Treasury no'es  which
may be paid in for publio dues, or become reim-
bursable within that year, are esti-
mated at      -           -           -           $26,926,892
Thus the new appropriations called for
ate   -           -           -    $20,523,249
Viz: Civil, foreign inter-
course, and miscellane-
ous    -           $3,172,885
Military       ser-
vice, &c.       11,664,612
Naval service, &c 5,685,752
The permanent appropria-
tions for the service of
1838, made by former
acts, are            -           -   2,262,000
For the details of new and
permanent appropria-
tions required, see the
document annexed, (B )
Appropriations expected to
be made by Congress bc"
