448
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
96th Coi o«.«l9T Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Parmenter.
yond the estimates sub-
mitted  -           -           -   1,000,030
These new and permanent
appropriations    amount
to
The outstanding appropria-
tions at the end of this
year, after deducting
what will go to the sur-
plus fund, are computed
$23,785,249
at
- 14,141,643
All the appropriations, then,
which are chargeable to
1838, constitute an ag-
gregate of         -            #37,926,892
Of these, it is supposed that not over
eleven millions will remain outstand-
ing at the end of the year, and, con-
sequently, that the expenditures on
account of the whole will, in 1838,
be about     -          -           -            26,926,892"
And this includes the great military expense oc-
casioned by the Florida war, and other Indian ex-
pense?.   The actual sum wanted for the use of the
nation for the year is 23,785,249 dollars; although
former appropriations would make the wants of
the Treasury 26,926,892 dollars.
There is no fear among the people that their mo-
ney will not be properly and prudently expended
by each and all of ihe Executive Departments. It
is for the political advantage of the Admiuis'ra-
tion that it should be. No one, I am sure, can,
for a moment, believe ir. the party talk about bri-
bery and corruption. It is not the way strength is
to be given to any Administration, if it could exist.
I mean by the words bribery, what parlies mean
when they talk about it; not direct offer to do
wrong for political advantage, but indirect pecu-
niary favor without equivalent. There ate none
such; they cannot exist. Does an/ one suppose
that the motive and object could not be readily seen
through by the recipient and the community? It
would seldom be effective with the individual, and
never with the public. If any party were so far
forgetful of right, their interest would be an assur-
ance of their correct course, so far as this point
is concerned.
The anxiety of the people of this country is not
excited by the amount of dollars and cent* called,
for   by their -rulers, but they   are   desirous to
know   what   is done with i'.     They have ex-
amined the subject well, and the Opposition  must
bring more evidence than they  have yet adduced,
before they will effect a revolution in public senti-
ment unfavorable to the present Administration on
this account.   You cannot persuade the people
that the inhabitants of Florida ought to be left to
the massacre of the savage, and that their homes
shall be left desolateand unprotected,by telling them
that the war has cost fifteen or twenty millions of
dollars; and by placing the military expenses of ten
or twelve years since, when there were no Indians
committing their ravages, in contrast with the pre-
sent.   The people feel that they owe protection to
every part and parcel of this great Republic. And
they will sustain the Administration in all its efforts
- to subdue this relentless foe, and restore safety and
happiness to the suffering inhabitants of Florida.
Neither will they complain of necessary expenses
for the navy of the country; but they will watch
that we do not carry the support of this arm of our
national defence into expenses for which the re-
venues  of the country are inadequate.   It is a fa-
vorite with the nation, both   on account of its
utility, and the honor with which it is surrounded.
To   tell  them, by a display of tables, that two
or three millions   have been   expended for the
navy, is not of itself sufficient to bring down  cen-
sure upon the national councils. Useless public of-
fices, it there be such, the country wishes should
be abolished; but a mere clamor about office hold-
ers will avail nothing, unless the particularly ob-
jectionable instances are pointed out.   They will
not be deterred by the talk about five or   six mil-
lions of dollars to carry into effect the treaties
with the Indian tribes, to which the national faith
is pledged, as]to them, ajwhhe States in which the
April, 1840.
H. of Reps
titles to lands are engaged to be extinguished. Of
the large sums which constitute the aggregate of
the increase for the year 1838, these were the prin-
cipal objects for which all parties voted. But,
besides, we have on hand much of useful and ne-
ce«sary property such as fortifications, ships
of war, arsenals, garrisons, public buildings,
all of which are the produce of this expenditure
which is so much talked about. But there is a
class of expenses, for sectional purposes, and lo-
cal speculations, which ought to be discontinued.
It has grown upon us giadually, until it be-
came of such magnitude as to create alarm. For
this description of appropriation, the Opposition,
as I believe, are principally answerable. But
a reason existed for sliding into these appro-
priations for local objects, which did not ope-
rate until a few years since.
During the rapidly accumulating amount with
which the Treasury overflowed, there was a laxity,
unquestionably, in appropriations which, notwith-
s'anding the cause has ceased by the disposal of
the surplus, whether in the best mode or not is a
matter upon which there is a difference of opinion;
but still it is gone from the national Treasury, ne-
ver, as I think, to return, alihough it is placed with
the States in the form of deposites. And the effect
of this abundance in the Treasury has lingered
with us; but the evil, however, is in a rapid course
of correction. The expenditures of the nation for
the last year were more than six millions less than
the year preceding, and, for the present, it is sup-
posed the expenses may be fivcor six millions less
than the last, and no great national interest suffer.
In contrasting the expenditures for the civil list
of 1828 and 1838, my colleague has taken the sum
total of each year to show the difference. This
head of expenditure he has selected as being that
which ought to most nearly correspond in the re-
spective items. The objects of expenditure under
the several heads, I find, on examination, material-
ly vary; some of those for 1828 being placed un-
der a different head of expenditure from those of
1838, the years he has selected for comparison. I
have been through the civil list for the years
named, and have taken some of the items of expen-
diture, that of salaries for clerks and labor in the
Departments, to ascertain whether there has been
an increase in the employment ef clerks beyond
what it would be estimated that the popula-
tion and business of the nation would warrant
—about thirty per cent. I do not believe there is.
Their labors have been very much increased
by calls for information, which have been very
frequent of late years, as will appear by the jour-
nals of both branches of Congress. From all I
can learn, I believe there always has been a wish,
in the various Departments, to have their work
done wiih as few as can perform it well—not that
the amount, in a national view, is large, but it is
the effect of a regular system of close adherence to
economy, which I believe to be practised to as great
an extent as is possible, particularly where it can be
brought under the direct control of the Executive.'
The Committee of Ways and Means justly remark,
in their report of January, 1839:
"It is impossible, however, to avoid a uniform
increase in this branch of the public expenditure,
while we continue to multiply our laws at every
session, which must be carried into effect by the
Executive Departments; and whi'e we rapidly in-
crease, as we have done of late, the number of re-
solutions in both Houses calling for information,
and frequently involving great labor and expense."
Tne increase has not been more than commen-
surate with the growing population and business
of the nation.
The report of the Register of the Treasury
arranges the expenditures under six different
heads—civil list, foreign intercourse, miscel-
laneous, military establishments, Indian depart-
ment, and naval establishment. He quotes aggre-
gates of expense for these respective years: to show
the difference, I have, as I just remarked, examined
the expenditures under these heads, and find the
items not at all identical; and, therefore, taking the
amount under one specific head of expenditure,
will be no guide. For instance, under the head of
miscellaneous in 1838, is included an expenditure
of four hundred thousand dollars, for Revolutionary
pensions, that is p aeed in 1838 under the military
head of expenditure. This mode of contrast is er-
roneous, although, of course, it does not affect the
grand total. I have, therefore, selected some items
in the civil list, which has been referred to as being
directly under the personal control of the headi of
Departments, and set forth as evidence of Execu-
tive patronage, and opportunity for reward to ad-
herents. I have before me a statement of the pay-
ments by the Treasurer of the United States in
1828 and 1838, for the clerks and messengers in
the offices at Washington.
In the year 1838, there were paid for clerks and
messengers in the offices of Secretary of the Trea-
sury, First Comptroller, Second Comptroller, First
Auditor, Second Auditor, Third Auditor, Fourth
Auditor, Fifth Auditor, Treasurer of the United
States, Secretary of War, Secretary of State, and
Secretary of the Navy, two hundred and fifteen
thousand three hundred and six dollars and seventy-
eight cents; and in the same offices in 1828, there
were paid for clerks and messengers one hundred
and ninety-one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
two dollars and ninety-four cents—an increase of
between twelve and thirteen per cent. These do
not include many of the bureaus, nor any new
offices, and are taken for comparison only, because
it was supposed the duties corresponded in the re-
spective years of 1828 and 1838.
The expenses of the various Executive Depart-
ments have greatly increased in aggregate, because
there have been many new duties, which cannot
be compared with former expenses, as they were not
then required. But I have endeavored to present
a fair relative view, where it appeared to me the
labor was similar.
No reference is made to the Pension Depart-
ment, Land Office, or Post Office, although, for the
quantity of labor performed, i have no doubt tbey
will well compare with any Administration. But
their increase of duty and extent is such, that no
proper comparison can be made.
If the Executive be not extravagant, then, as I
have said, it is contended the Administration
party in Congress is. So far as it is for proper ob-
jects, and within the range of constitutional autho-
rity, I trust that the Administration party will
always make such appropriations a- the country
needs, and the Executive «ill take care that
the expenditures be economical, and with a strict
regard to the public good. It is observable that
with all the cry of profligacy, corruption and ex-
travagance, no specific items are pointed out. The
Opposition will not come to particulars, for there
they are at fault. It is there only, they can impress
the people unfavorably. There is no foundation
for their chargrs. They well know that they could
effect more by showing an unjustifiable expendi-
ture of a few thousands, than by an undefined
clamor about millions, which were neeesmry, or
which were appropriated principally by their own
instrumentality.
The different views of the two political parties
in relation to ihe powers of the General Govern-
ment under ihe Constitution, are a guarantee to
the people, that the Administration party are tbe
most safe against extravagant appropriations. It
is a cardinal principle with the Democracy, that a
str'ct and limited construction should be given to
that instrument. On the other hand, the views of
the Opposition are, that great latitude should be
given to the constructive powers conferred by tee
Constituiion; and in some of the cases referred to
by my colleague, their votes show what party had
been the principal supporters of the measures.
[Mr. Cushing here remarked that in some of
the appropriations named, he had admitted they
would have been made, if only the Whigs had
voted, and the bill would not have passed if the
Administration members only had voted ]
Mr. Pirmenter resumed. There is one par-
ticular point connected with this view of the sub-
ject, which I will notice. It does does not appear
from the record, how many unusual appropriations
were prevented; for such as were discussed in
Committee of the Whole and not reported, carried
no evidence which party supported them; but it is
my impression, and I think I shall be born  out
