April, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4*0
26th Co>«g- "1st Sess.
appropriation Bill—Mr. Parmenter.
H. of Reps.
by the recollection of the members of the last Con-
gress, that the Administration par y generally de-
feated them.
[Mr. Cushing rose and adverted to a bill intro-
duced by Mr. Gillet of New York, a friend of
the Administration at <h-Twenty-fourth Congress,
for the con-truetion of eustnm-hou-es and other
purposes, which, added to ihe ten and a half mil-
lions asked for at the same session by the Military
Committee for fortifications aad similar objects,
would be greater than those proposed by the
Whigs.]
Mr. RiRMBNTER. Bat these bit's did not pass.
I was not a member of the Tweity-fourih Con-
gress, but I know that, at that time, there w*s
great doubt what should he done wi h "he forty mil-
lions of dollars in the Treasury. Many thought
it unconstitutional and inexpedient to deposite the
money wi<h the States, but all agreed it ought to
be disposed of in some way. Trie bills did not
pass, but if they had, it might have been consi-
dered as arising from necessity as being the least
evil. The state of the Treasury at mat time placed
the Twenty-fourth Con?re<s in a peculiar posi-
tion; and even if they had gone far, much far-
ther than they did, in oojecs of expenditure, I
should not consider it as evincing any views of
general policy, or as a rule of action recognised
by the friends of the Administration.
Bat I omit gom£ more into detail, as I have said
the Opposition a^ow, and act upon, a more lati-
tudioarian construction of the Consiitution, and
therefore they have no constitutional obstacle to
encounter, in spending the money of the nation.
They are, and have ben, with the exception of ths
year 1838, for several years pa^t, in a minority,
aad without attributing to them a desire to make
political capital, as it is called, to a zreater extent
than what belougj to a party out of power, which
is striving to get into power, it is natural for them
to fall into the support of sectional measures, the
adoption of which, by their strength, would add
to the popularity of their party, and the rejection
of which, by the party in power, would sometimes
lessen the popularity of the Administration. Their
support, added to the votes of the members of both
parties, whose constituents are immediate'y inte-
rested, will of'en make a majority. This, I think,
has been the policy, generally, of the Opposition.
I am certain, yince I have been here, it is s >. They
feel that the responsibility is on the Administration,
or party in power. If the measure be rejected,
, they are complained of. If adop ed, they can cry
aloud about the extravagance of the Administra-
tion. I a'.tribute to no mas, or party, corrupt or
unconscientious motives; I only speak of the na-
tural course of parties.
But the friends of the Administration have not
been content with their votes and arguments on the
floor, on the-e points. The whole subject had been
. pres-ed upon the attentioT of this House by the
Committee of Ways and Meani, through their
chairman, (Mr. Cambreleng) from whñh I shall
read a few extracts, tor the purpose of refreshing
our minds, of doing justice to thecommit'ee of the
last Congress, and of explaining, in a condensed
view, the grounds and causes of ¡nereised expenses
of the Government—and show where the devia-
tions have been mide, and upon what grounds.
The Committee of Ways and Means say, in
their report of January 24, 1829, by their chair-
man, Mr. Cambreleng, who, as the org^n of the
Democracy of the House, examined the whole
subject of national expend ture very fully, and
I have no doubt the important princip'es laid
down have been instrumental in introducing
a healthy feeling in relation to national ex-
penses. In relation to our Indian conceras, the
report says:
''Before noticing the permanent expenditures of
the Government, it is proper to advert to thise of
an occasional or temporary character, which have
very largely and unavoidably increased the amount
of our annual appropriations for a few years pa*t;
these are in the Indian branch of the public ser-
vice. The expenditures for Indian lands and
wars have amounted, withn a fevr years past,
to about fifty milions of dollars. The purchase of
their lands, and the removal of the Indians beyond
29
the Mississippi, were unavoidably connected with
the settlement of the country, however it might
affect the various tr.bes. It is satisfactory to know
that their condition has been ameliorated by re-
moval. The addition of thirteen new States to the
Union, embracing within their boundaries most
of these tribes, made it necessary, especially in
la'ter year*, to purchase their lands in ord*r to
advance civilization; to remove obvious obstruc-
tons to the settlement and cultivation of the coun-
try; to prevent collision, and to preserve the
lives and property of the inhabitants of our
States an I Territories from Indian depredations.
These purchases have also been founded, almost
exclusively, upon compacts formed with some
States more than thirty years ago, on our implied
obligation to other States; and on resolutit ns and
appropriations by both Houses of Congress, ex-
tending throujh every Administration of the Go-
vernment. They were, moieover, justifiable on
mere financial grounds. By referring to the docu-
ments annexed, it will be seen that we have ac-
quired by Indian treaties, since the 4th of March,
183'J, about one hundred and ten millions of acres.
There now remain, of unbought Indian lands, less
than thirty-five millions of acres No extiaordinary
expenditure can, therefore, be hereafter anticipated
for thisobjpct; nor is it probable that there willbe such
extravagant demands upon the Treasury for Indian
wars, owing to the removal of almost all the tribes,
and to a change in the plan of operations in Flori-
da, but principally to the recent increase of the
army. One-half of the amount expended in these
wars has undoubtedly arisen from the extraordina-
ry expenses arising from suddenly calling into the
field numerous bodies of militia and volunteers,
wh;ch we were obliged to do in consequence of the
inadequate force of the regular army. The in-
crease of that force will enable Government, in
t,ome decree, to dispense with these calls in fu-
ture ; and many millions in our annual expen li-
tares will be saved by preventing Indian depreda-
tions, and promptly suppressing them when they
may occur."
Again, referring to the Judiciary and foreign in-
tercourse, the necessary increase is explained in the
report:                      ,
"The expenses of the Judiciary in the first ten
years after specific appropriations were made, did
net amount to more than about $61,000 annually;
the appropriation for 1838 wa« 0484,000. The in-
creased expenses for the salaries of judges has not
been beyond what might have been anticipated.
The expense, however, of the courts of the United
States has increased from about #30,000 to
0342,000, which is the estimate frr the present
year."
I will now offer the remarks of the committee on
another Uraach of national expenditure—pensions
—where there has been a treat increas , in some
íespects on erroneous principles, but where great
justice is done to the cluiras of tho^e who buffered
from the war of the Revolution, and who sacri-
ficed ?o much in obtaining our independence:
"For the first six-and-twenty years the average
amount annually paid for pennons was less than
#84,000. Asla'easl8I4 it was about $90,000,
and in 1815 less than #70,000. The late war ad-
ded about §200.000 for invaüds, and the widows
or cnildren of those who had died of wounds re-
ceived in battle. The whole pension roll of the
United States arising from the Revolutionary, In-
d'an, and British wars, did not then exceed
#300,000 annually. The appropriations for pen-
sion* in the present year amount to #2,500,000; to
which are to be added the permanent appropriation
of $1 000,000, and unexpended appropriations
amounting to $741,000, making an aggregate for
pensions in 1839 of $4,241,000; and we have now
charged upon the public Treasury 42,500 pension-
ers. A bill was passed at the last session, without
debate, and approved on the last day of the session,
which draws from the Tieasury in the present
year #1,372,000; and there are three general pen-
sion bills now pending in the House, which wonld,
if adopted, probably double the annual amount ap-
propriated for pensions.
"This result, and in so short a period, could not
have been anticipated by the framers of onr Con-
stitution. The claims of our Revolutionary sol-
diers rested on peculiar grounds. Their services
aud sufferings were of an extraordinary character,
and we had from necessity been compelled to vio-
late our contracts with them. In their case, we
were warranted in departing from ordinary usage,
when our means were ample to indemnify them.
Pensions to invalids, and to the widows or children
of those who are killed, or who die of wounds re-
ceived in battle, form a part of the contract,
where such laws exist, between the Government
and the soldier. But in granting pensions, as we
have done, in cases where the soldier was neither
killed nor wounded in battlej we violated the pen-
sion principle, and charged the public Treasury
with half pay to the representatives of all who en-
list in the service of Government, whether in peace
or in war, in addition to the compensation stipu-
lated for their services. Prior to 1836, there was
no departure from the ordinary pension rules ex-
cept as to Revolutionary soldiers."
The report, in another part, takes up the subject
of roads, canals, and ha rbor*, showing, however
useful for the part of country immediately benefit-
ed, that tif carried on in the manner which the
Whig party contend the Constitution justifies,
would lead to endless expenditure. The report
goes back to the first legislation on that subject,
which was during the administration of Mr. John
&. Adams, and says:
"For the first time in the history of our legisla-
tion, an act was passed on the 20th of May, 1826,
'for improving certain harbors, and the navigation
of certain rivers and creeks; and for authorizing
surveys to be made of certain bays, sounds, ana
rivers, therein mentioned.' On the 2d of March,
1827, this was followed by a regular annual bill,
'to authorize the improving of certain harbors, the
building of piers, and for other purposes.' These
expenditures immediately increased, in 1827, to
#S2 500; in 1828, to #121,000; and in 1829, to
#505,000. In 1838, the appropriates were more
than a million and a half, and the estimates for
1839 amount to #1,713,000.
"The aggregate amount already appropriated
for these works is #8 919,043 66, besides canal
stocks, and the debt assumed for the corporations
of this District for investments in the same,
amounting to $3,383,490; making an aggregate of
$12.302,533 66. The e tímales for completing
some of these works amount to $4,650,842 21;
but, judging by our experience as to former esti-
mates, it will more probably require ten millions,
besides the cost of some of the most expensive
works, for which there are bo estimates at all.-'
Further to show the character of these local ap-
propriations, we were told that,
"After an experiment of thirteen years on the
103 works for which appropriations have been
made, the following is the result:
Never commenced     -          -          -          -     3
Abandoned   -          -          -          -                1
Suspended    -          -          «          •                4
May perhaps be completed with existing ap-
propriations          -          -          -          -   14
Completed    -           -          -          -          -   31
Not completed          -          -          -          -   61
Total       .          -          - 103
"Some of the works have been built over twice,
and the twenty completed cost bat #409,178 25;
leaving all the expensive works yet to be finished,
and at an expense which cannot even be esti-
mated."
There cannot be a doubt that, in some instances,
the appropriations referred to, have been for works
of national concern, bat they have been mostly for
objects beneficial to small communities—particular
sections. They are, also, very unequal, and lead
to much dif satisfaction. They tend, also, to the
neglect of the general and more important interests
and defences of the whole country. And this^is
not the only instance in which efforts have been
made by the Democracy to check these «"«equal
and improper appropriations. Scarcely has tha
subject been discussed when Congress hasaotbeen
warned by prominent members of the Dento^
cratic party aganst this nneqnal and unjo 
expenditure of the national treasure.
