April, 1840.,____________
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
appropriation Bill—Mr. Parmenler.
afterwards among the most bitter euemies of the
adminibtration of Mr. Madison.
But, sir, in addition to the general hostility of the
Federal party to the National Government, there
was a strongly marked proceeding in the section of
the country (rom which I come; and, as we are
called upon to renounce our attachment to the pre-
sent National Executive, who is represented, un-
truly, as hostile to the interests of the nai:on, it is
proper to endeavor to asceitain what claims those
hare upon us who urge this course. I will call the
attention of the committee to some of the acts of
the Federal party of that day, which I consider,
and shall say a few words to prove, was the same
which has come down, through its various names,
to the Wh'g party of the present day; and if I
should have occasion to allude to any gentleman, I
desire it to be understood, my intention is to avoid
every rtvng pergonal, and that I speak only in re-
ference to the politxal views and course of any one
to whom I may refer.
A few days since, I saw in the public prints a
copy of a circular, signed by one of my colleagues,
[Mr. 8altonstall,] in conjunction with some other
gentlemen. It it addressed to individual members
of the Whig partv, and is as follows:
'Washington, January 24,1840.
"Sir: The undersigned, an Executive Commit-
tee, appointed by the Oppositien members of Con-
gress, have taken the liberty of appointing you an
executive and corresponding committee tor your
county, and we have the honor of enclosing a pro-
spectus for the Madisonian. We recommned that
paper to the confidence and support of the oppo-
nents of the Administration thr >ughout the coun-
try. The committee attach much importance to a
general circulation of the Madisonian, and other
political pamphlets, calcula'ed to enlighten the
public mind. The subscribers which you may
procure (and we doubt nut, considering the cheap-
ness and ability of the paper, they will be many)
will be entitled, gratis, to all such pamphlets.
We have confidence that it will afford you plea-
sure to aid us in our efforts to rescue the Adminis-
tration of the Government from the hands of the
present imbecile and corrupt incumbents. With
the aid of an honest and fearless press, these ef-
forts, we trust, will be successful. We are aware
that the acceptance of this appointment may sub-
ject you to some sacrifice: your patriotism is a suf-
ficient guarantee that it will be home with cheer-
fulness. The consideration that we are in the ser-
vice of an injured and crushed people, should ani-
mate us in the use of every honorable exertion to
effect the common object in view—the restora-
tion op the Government to the days op her pa-
triot Presidents.
Your obedient servants,
R. Garland, La.              Leverett Saltonstall, Ms.
Jno. Bell, Tenn.             Truman Smith, Conn.
J. M. Botts, Va.              Chas. Naylor, Penn.
Thos. Corwm, Ohio,        J. C. Claike, N. Y.
M. H Gnnnell, N. Y.                  Committee."
The people of the country are called upon, by
my colleague, to restore tha Government to the
days of her "patriot Presidents."
I should be pleased to know whom my colleague
considers "herpatriot Presidents" I do not sup-
pose he is so far advanced in life as to have taken
an active part in the early, and perhar/s not in the
latter, part of Mr. Jefferson's administration. If
ho, he belonged to a party opposed to him. So far
as Mr. Monroe was opposed by party, I believe
him to have been in the Opposition. He has cer-
tainly been opposed to General Jackson and Mr.
Van Buren, and I will endeavor to show his oppo-
sition to the administration of Mr. Madison; and
for that purpose I will here read a memorandum I
hold in my hand.   It is this:
"At the extra session of the Massachusetts Le-
gislature in October, 1814, Governor Strong's mes-
sage was referred to a select committee, consisting
of the following members: Messrs. Otis, Bemis,
and Wood, of the Senate; Mrssrs. Sullivan, Sal-
tonstall, Lincoln, and Whitman, of the House
of Representatives; which committee, on the 8 h
of October, reported in favor of calling the HART-
FORD CONVENTION."
The majority of the committee, being Federalist?,
H. ofRep*0
who were in favor, were Messrs. Otis, Wood, Sul-
livan, Saltonstall, and Whitman. The minority,
being Democrats opposed to the convention, were
Messrs. Bemis and Lincoln.
IMr. Saltonstall here interrupted Mr. Parmen-
ter, and observed, as his name had been brought
before the committee, he hoped his colleague
would repeat what he had said in relation to him.]
Mr. Parmenter repeated in substance, and then
proceeded.
The character of this Convention is, I believe,
well under>tood in the country, but a^ it is a quar-
ter of a century since its occurrence, I shall offer a
few authentic documents on the subject. I would
however remark, that during the whole time of
that war, although it bore heavily upon the great
mtercs's of New England, and Massachusetts in
particular, and they were desirous of a termina-
tion of the war, yet they would never have tole-
rated treasonable action, or measures leading to a
dissolution of the Union, if the avowal had been
distinctly made. They were always sound, and
contributed as many individuáis to 611 our armies
and man our navy, as any State in the Union.
The overheaied partisins, and those who w.ere
ready to break down our institutions—those who
who were blinded by their British attachments,
were obliged to disavow bad intentions. I recol-
lect well, sir, that great were the misgivings of
many who sustained the Federal party, but they
were lulled by outside appearances and positive
assurances. But I will not comment myself—I
lived on the spot and was old enough to be an ob-
server, and knew my own impressions as they then
exisied. And although I could readily quote many
expressions which' escaped the violent of that time,
I will offer only such official documents as may
be proper to remind us ef the event. The cha-
racter of the Hartford Convention is marked wuh
an indelible brand. And when one of iis principal
originators calls upon us to abandon our political
partialities.and tells us about "the restoration of the
Government to the days of her patriot Presidents,"
we have a right, however much may be our feel-
ing ef personal regard, to present his political cha
racter to view.
As I remarked, I shall only offer public docu-
ments. I will not quote the speeches of leading
men, which might be offered in abundance. The
report recommending a choice of delega'es to a
convention, which,being1 joined by other States, con-
stituted the Hartford Convention, and is from the
committee of which my colleague was a member,
thus concludes:
"It is therefore with great concern that your com-
mittee are obliged to declare their conviction, that
the Constitution of the, United States, under the
administraiioa of the persons in power, has failed
to secure to this Commonwealth, and, as they be-
lieve, to the Eastern section of this Union, those
equal rights and benefits which were the great ob-
jects of its formation, and which they cannot relin-
quish, without ruin to themselves and posterity.
These grievances justify and require vigorous, per-
severing, and peaceable exertions, to unite those
who realize the sufferings, and foresee the dangers
of the country, in some system of measures to ob-
tain  re.'ief, for   which the ordinary mode op
PROCURING AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION, AF-
FORDS NO REASONABLE EXPECTATION, IN SEASON TO
PREVENT THE COMPLETION OP ITS RUIN. The PEO-
PLE, HOWEVER, POSSESS THE MttANS OF CERTAIN RE-
DRESS; AND WHEN THEIR SAFETY, WHICH IS THE SU-
PREME LAW, IS IN Q.CTESTION,   THESE MEANS SHOULD
be promptly applied. The framers of the Con-
stitution made provisions to amend defects which
were known to be incidental to every human insti-
tution, and the provision itself was not less liable
to be found defective upon experiment, than other
parts of the instrument. When this deficiency
becomes apparent, no reason can preclude the
right of the whole people who were parties to it
to adopt another; and it is not a presumptuous
expectation, that a spirit of equity and justice, en-
lightened by experience, would enable them to re-
concile conflicting interests, ana obviate the prin-
cipal cause of those dissensions, which unfit Go-
vernment for a state of peace and of war, and so
to amend the Constitution, as to give vigor and
duration to the union of the States.    Bat as a pro-
position for such a convention from a single Statu1"
would probably be unsuccessful, and our danger0'
admits not of delay, it is recommended by the com-,
mittee, that in  the   first instance, a conference"
should be invited between those States, the affinity l
of whose interests is closest, and whose habits of '
intercourse, from their local situation and other
causes, are most frequent, to  the end that by a
comparison of their sentiments and views, soma
mode of defence, suited to the circumstances and '
exigencies of those States, and measures for acce-
lerating the return of public prosperity may be
devised; and also to enable  the delegates from
those States, should they deem • it expedient, to lay
the foundation for a radical reform in the national
compact, by inviting to a future convention a de-
putation from all the States in the Union."
This report concluded with several resolutions,
breathing the same spirit, and recommending the
choice of twelve delegates, who were chosen by
215 votes, in a convention of both Houses of the
Massachusetts Legislature, which consisted of
nearly 500 memoers. The Democrats declined
voting, and probably some Federalists, who had
not confidence in the patriotism of the project.
For I deny tbat the 'great body of the Federal par-
ty among the people would have sustained disaf-
fected anil disloyal proceedings, leading to a seve-
rance of the Union, and a separate peace with the
enemy, although they were ready to support their
aristocratic views of Government, and were al-
ways ready to maintain the obnoxious political
principles which have always been held by that
party.
I need hardly dwell upon the point that, so far
as treasonable views nvght exist—that so far as
a wish to dissolve the Union m>ght be entertained,
they could have met with no response from a peo-
ple around whose name clustered the most re-
nowned reminiscenses of the Revolutionary con-
test. In that Siate are the battle grounds of Bun-'
ker Hill, Lexinaton, and Concord; all of them, I
may be allowed to aid, within the district I have
the honor to represent on this floor. It was owing
to the stubborn patrio'ism of the great body of the
population of Massachusetts, in the opinion of
many, that the schemes of those, whose fidelity to
the Constitution and union of the States was
doubted, were never carried iuto effect The pro-
jectors of the Hartford Convention, and its kin-
dred measures, were supported for their Federal-
ism, as opposed to Democracy, not for their plots
against the Union. They always declared their
dread of a separation of the States, while they '
were recommending measures tending to bring
about the dreadful event. A dissolution of the
Uni m, if it came, was to come in disguise. Events
were to be brought about indirectly, by which the
sad result could not be controlled.
The Hartford Convention, under date of Janua-
ry 4, 1815, prepared a long report, from which it
would be useful to present long extracts: but I will
not offer them to the committee, but confine myself
to the resolutions with which the report concludes:
Resolved, That it be, and hereby is, recommend-
ed to the Legislatures of the several States repre-
sented in this convention, to adopt all such mea-
sures as may be necessary effectually to protect the
citizens of said States from the operation and ef-
fects of all acts which have been or may be pats-r
ed by the Congress of the United States, which shall
contain provisions, subjecting the militia or ether
citizens to forcible drafis, conscriptions, or impress*-
ments, not authorized by the Constitution of the'
United States.
"Resolved, That it be, and hereby is, recom-
mended to the said Legislatures, to authorize an,
immediate and earnest application to be made to
the Government of the United States, requesting
their consent to some arrangement, whereby flu'
said States may, separately or in concert, be em-
powered to assume upon themselves the defence of
their territory against the enemy; and a reasonable
portion of the taxes collected withm said States,
mav be paid into the respective treasuries tnereor,
and appropriated to the payment of ttetahmdM
said States, and to the tatmMaatoiJ^mm .
The amount so paid into the said trosarrt  to f*
