an
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
96th Coi o«"'1 t Sms.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Parmmter.
credited, and the disbursements made as aforesaid,
lo be ctwrged to the United States.
•Mta it«{,That it be, and it hereby is, recommend-
ed 10 the Lrgi>!a<ures of the aforesaid States, to pass
laws (wheie it has not already been done) autho-
rising the Governors or Commanders in Chief of
th"ir militia to make detachments from <he same,
or to form voluntary corps, as shall be most con-
venient and conformable to their Constitutions, and
to cause the same to be well armed, equipped and
disciplined, and held in readiness for service; and
■son the request of the Governor of either of the
other States, to employ the whole of such detach-
ment or corps, as well as the regular forces of the
Rate, or such pan thereof as may be required and
can be spared consistently with the safety of the
State, in assisting the State making such request,
to lepel any invasion thereof which shall be made
or attempted bv the public enemy.
"JttMJwrd, That the following amendments of
the Constitution of the United States, be recom-
mended to the States represented as aforesaid, to
be proposed by them for adoption by the State Le-
gislatures, and, in euch casta as may be deemed
expedient, by a convention chosen by the people
of each Sute.
"And it is further recommended that the said
Stales bhall persevere in their efforts to obtain such
amendments, until the same be effected.
"first. Representatives and direct taxes shall be
apportioned among the several States wh'ch may
be included within this Union, according to their
respective numbers of free persons, including those
bound io serve for a term of years, and excluding
Indians not taxed and all other persons.
"StemU. No new Stale shall be admitted into
the Union by Congress in viitne of the power
granted by the Constitution, without the concur-
rence of two-thirds of both Houses.
"Third. Congress shall not have power to lay
any embargo on the ships or vessels of the citizens
of the United States, in the ports or harbors there-
of, for more than 69 days.
"Fourth. Congress shall not have power, without
the concurrence of two-thirds of both Houses, to
interdict the commercial intercourse between the
Uni ed States and any foreign nation or the depen-
dencies thereof.
"fifik. Congress shall not make or declare war,
or authorize acts of hostility against any foreign
naiion, without the concurrence of two-thirds of
both Hoofs, except such acts of hostility be in de-
fence of the tereitories of the United States, when
actually invaded.
"Sin*. No person who shall hereafter be natural-
ised, shall be eligible as a member of the Senate or
Hou^e of Representatives of the United States, nor
capab'e of holding any civil office under the au-
thority of the United States.
"Sesenta. The same person shall not be elected
President of the United States a second time; nor
shall the President be elected from the same State
two terms in succession-
"Retolvtd, That if the application of these States
to the Government of the United States, reeom-
mendei in a foregoing resolution, should be unsuc-
cessful, and peace should net be concluded, and
the delence of these States should be neglected, as
it has been since the war, it will, in the opinion of
this convention, be expedient for the Legislates
of the several States to appoint delegates to ano-
tbzr convention, to meet at boston, in the
State op Massachusetts, on the thrd Thürs-
Oat of June next, with such powers and in-
strtjctiovs as the exigency or a crisis somomen-
TOm MIT ReftOlRX.
"Resolved, That the Hon. George Cabot, the
Hon. Chauncey Goodrich, and the Hon. Daniel
Lyman, or any two of them, be authorized to call
anoth- r meeting of this convention, to b« holden in
Boston, at any lime before new delegates shall be
ebesen, as recommended in the above resolution, if
in their judgment the situation of the country shall
urgently require it.
"Hartford, Jan. 4,1815."
I will, however, read two short extracts from
the report of the convention in relation to the two
first proposed amendments:
" The first amendment proposed, relates to the
April, 1840.
H. of Reps.
apportionment of Representares among the slave-
holding States. This cannot be claimed as a right.
These States are entitled to the slave representa-
tion, by a constitutional compact. It is therefore
merely a subject of agreement, which should be
conducted upon principles of mutual interest and
accommodation, and upon which no sensibility on
either side should be permitted to exist. It has
proved unjust and unequal in its operation. Had
this effect been foreseen, the privileges would pro-
bably not have been demanded, certainly not c n-
ceded. lis tendency in future will be adverse to
that harmony and mutual confidence, which are
more conducive to the happiness and prosperity of
every confederated State, than a mere preponde-
rance of power, the proline source of jealousies
and controversy, can be to any one of them. The
time ma; therefore arrive, when a sense of magna-
nimity and justice will reconcile those States to
acquiesce in a revision of this article, especially
as a fair equivalent would result to them in the
apportionment of taxes.
"The next amendment relates to the admission of
new States into the Union.
" This amendment is deemed to be highly im-
portant, and in fact indispensable. In proposing
it, it is not intended to recognise the right of Con-
gress to admit new Si ales without the original
limits of the United States, nor is any idea enter-
tained of disturbing the tranquillity of any State
already admitted into the Union. The object is
merely to restrain the constitutional power of Con'
gress in admitting new States. At the adoption of
the Constitation, a certain balance of power
among tke original parties was considered to exist;
snd there was at that lime, and yet is, among these
parties, a strong affinity between their great and ge-
neral interests. By the admission of these States, that
balance lias been materially affected, and unless
the practice be modified, muft ultimately be de-
stroyed. The Southern States will first avail them-
selves of their new confederates to govern the
East; and finally the Western States, multiplied in
number, and augmented in population, will control
the interests of the whole. Thus, for the sake of
present power, the Southern States will be common
sufferers with the East, in the loss of permanent
advantages. None of the old States can find an
interest in creating prematurely an overwhelming
Western influence, which may hereafter discern
(as it has heretofore) benefits to be derived to them
by wars and commercial restrictions."
If my colleague should consider these the views
of former " patriot Presidents," I do not believe
he will meet the assent of the people jn any section
of the country. It ought to be borne in mind that
these proceedings were within a few months after
the destruction, by the enemy, of the public build-
ings and property in the capital; of the attack upon
our neighboring city of Baltimore; and when the cru-
elty and ravages of the enemy were at thei rheight.
To show bow this convention was characterized,
I must ask the attention of the commitu e to an
extract from a protest, which was probably pre-
pared by my colleague from the Worcester dis-
trict, who sits directly before me, but who is now
absent, [Mr. Lincoln. J Whether prepared by
him or not, his name appears as the first signer,
and at that day he stood high in the ranks of the
Democratic party, and he and myself were of the
same political school. One of us must have
changed, as we are now opposed. I shall show in
a few words, before I take my seat, that the change
is with him, and most conclusively, so far as this
Hartford Convention is concerned. The protest
bigned by Levi Lincoln and others, concludes
thus:
"Against the resolution proposing a convention
of delegates from the New England States, and the
resolutions connected therewith, the undersigned
feel bound, by every dic'ate of dnty, an! every
suggestion of patriotism, most earnestly to remon-
strate. To these resolutions they have opposed the
utmost of their own reason, the language of the
Constitution, and the solemn and warning admoni-
tions of Washington. However disguised or de-
signed, the obvious tendency of propositions for a
Mr. Likcolh hit sine* Informed me he wm the author.
partial conference by delegates from some States,
without participation or consultation with other
State*, is to prepare the way for a separation and
division of the Union. The suggestion of a peculiar
inttrtit in the States of New England, upon sub-
jects of puiiic grievance, is predicated upon the idea
that this nation has not a community of objects,
and is not connected by a similarity of obligations.
The Constitution of the United States has prohibit-
ed, in express terms, 'one State from entering into
any agreement or compact with anoiher,' without
the consent of Congress. If, as the result of the
conference of delegates on the part of New Eng.
land, a compact for any purpose is intended, the
proposition for such conference is as gross an in-
fringement of the Constitution as would be the
compact, when made. It cannot be admissible to
pursue means to an end which it is wrong and ille-
gal to attain.
"Nor is there just pretence of necessity for this
measure. The framers of the Constitution wisely
provided for its amendment. Should abuses ex-
ist, growing out of supposed defects of the instru-
ment, the mode of reform is definitely prescribed;
and if, in this way, they are not to be corrected,
neither can they in any other, short of a change in
the form of Government. It is not to be supposed
that the States of the Union will yield to the dictates
of a convention what they would refuse to the con-
stitutional application of the Legislature. The un-
dersigned, therefore, cannot disguise their appre-
hension that more must be designed than is dis-
tinctly avowed. The reasoning of the report is
supported by the alarming assumption that the Con-
stitution has failed in its objects, and the people of
Massachusetts are absolved from their allegiance,
and are at liberty to adopt another. In debate, it
has been reiterated that the Constitution is no
longer to be respected, and that revolution is not to
be deprecated. The bond of our political union
is thus attempted to be severed; and, in estate
of war and common danger, we are advised to the
mad expedient of abandoning that protection which
the combined energies of the nation might afford,
for the selfish enjoyment of our present, though par-
tial, resources. The resolutions of our Legis-
lature, it is to be feared, will be viewed by other
States as productive of this consequence, that Mas-
sachusetts shall govern the Administration, or the
Government shall not be administered in Ma*sa-
chusetts. Jealousy and contention will ensue. The
Constitution, hitherto respected as the ark of our
political safety, will be violated and destroyed, and
in civil dissensions and convulsions, our indepen-
dence will be annihilated, and our country reduced
to the condition of vanquished and tributary
colonies to a haughty and implacable foreign foe.'
In order to show that the Hartford Convention
party of the days of the war were similar to the
Whigs of the present, and that as a party they are
the same in principle, I will mention the names of
all of them; and I express my decided conviction,
and state my arm belief, that every one who is now
alive is of the Whig party, and every one who has
deceased, died in that political faith, under some
one of its numerous names. There are gentlemen
here from all the New England States, who can
correct me if I should be in error. They were,
from
MASSACHUSETTS.
George Cabot,              Stephen Lonofellowjr.
William Prescott,       Nathan Dane,
Harrison Gray Otis,     Hodijah Baylies,
Timothy Bioelow,         Joshua Thomas,
Daniel Waldo,             Joseph Lyman,
George Bliss,                Samuel S. Wilde.
CONNECTICUT.
Chauncey Goodrich,     Calvin Goddard,
James Hillhouse,          Nathan Smith,
John Treaowell,           Roger Minot Sherman.
Zephaniah Swift,
RHODE ISLAND.
Daniel Lyman,              Benj  Hazard,
Samuel Ward,              Edward Wanton.
windham co. vermont.
William Hale, jr
cheshire co. new hampshire.
Benj. Wist.
grafton and lancaster, coos go.
Mills Olcott,
