April, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.45*
26th Cono......1st Sbsb.
appropriation Bill—Mr. Parmenter.
H. of Reps.
I regret alluding at all to my colleague, [Mr.
Lincoln,] but his connection with the documents I
hare ottered made it indispensable;   as he   and
raj other colleague [Mr. SaltonstallI belong now
to the same party, but were then opposed to each
other. It is more to explain my own position, and that
of ihe Democratic party .than to refer to my colleague,
[Mr. Lincoln,] that I have shown that the party
with which he now acts are in principle the same
which he opposed daring the British war.   I take
no isolated cases, but the entire body who assem-
bled at Hartford, without excepting an individual.
I wish again to repeat, that the people of Massa-
chusetts were sound in   their attachment  to the
Union, and the cause of their country.   The war
bore heavily and severely, but thev would never
abandon their country.   Had the projectors of the
Hartford Convention openly avowed those inten-
tions, which the judgment of the country has attri-
buted to them, they would have been met in Mas-
sachusetts by the most stern rebuke.   They never,
in official acts, indicated a determination to proceed
to extremities, yet many, even among   their own
party,   saw   danger.     As   we   have   seen   by
the    docxtmen's,   the    whole   Democratic   par-
ty   in   New'  England  denounced   them.    The
Democracy of  the nation   was   alarmed.    The
stain which the Senate had cast upon the State,
by the resolution that it was unbecoming and im-
moral to rejoice at the victories of our own coun-
trymen, aroused their feelings, and it has been in-
dignantly blotted out and expunged.    It was on
the 15th of June, 1813, it adopted the following
preamble and resolution, proposed by the   Hon.
Josuh Quinct, a leading Federalist:
"Wbeieas, a proposition hat been made to the
Senate for the adoption of sundry resalutions, ex-
pressive of tbeir sense of the gallantry and good
conduct exhibited by James Lawrence, Command-
er of the United States ship of war Hornet, and
the officers and crew of that ship in the destruction
of his Britannic Majesty's ship the Peacock. And
whereas it has been found that former resolutions
of this kind passed on similar occasions relative to
other officers engaged in a like service, have given
great discontent to many of the good people of this
Commonwealth, it being considered by them as an
encouragement and excitement to the continuance
of the present unjust, unnecessary, and iniquitous
war; and on this account the Senate of Massachu-
setts have deemed it their duty to refrain from act-
ing on the said proposition; and also, whereas this
determination of the Senate may, without expla-
nation, be misconstrued into an intentional slight
of Captain Lawrence, and a denial of his particu-
lar merits, the Senate therefore deem it their duty
to declare that they have a high sense of the naval
skill and military and civil virtues of Capt. James
Lawrence, and that .they have been withheld from
acting on said proposition solely from considera-
tions relative to the nature and principle of the
war, and to the end that all misapprehension on
the subject may be obviated,
Resolved, As the sense of the Senate of Massa-
chusetts, that in a war like the present, waged
without justifiable cause, and prosecuted in a man-
ner which indicates that conquest and ambition
are its real motive, IT IS NOT BECOMING A
MORAL AND RELIGIOUS PEOPLE TO EX-
PRESS ANY APPROBATION OP MILITARY
OR NAVAL EXPLOITS, WHICH ARE NOT
IMMEDIATELY CONNECTED WITH THE
DEFENCE OF OUR SEA COAST AND SOIL."
The popular branch of the Legislature did not
concur in this resolution.
The people of Massachusetts never rested easy
under this objectionable vote; and it was perhaps
one of the most powerful inducements to the poli-
tical change which took place in 1823, in which
which year the Democrats triumphed, and one of
their most important acts was the passage of the
following preamble and resolution:
A resolution offered by the Hon. Mr. Sprague, -
the 17th instant, in the words following:
Whereas a certain resolve passed the Senate of
this Commonwealth on the 15th day of June A. D.
1813, relating to the capture of his Britannic Ma-
jesty's ship Peacock by the united States ship
Hornet, commanded by the late brave and pa-
triotic Captain James Lawrence, in the words fol-
lowing, to wit: [Here follows the resolution]
And whereas, said resolution adopted at a time
of extraordinary political excitement, is predicated
upon an erroneous estimate of the nature and cha-
racter of the late war between the United States
and Great Britain; and whereas the fame involves
and asserts principles unsound in policy, and dan-
gerous and alarmiDg in tendency, WHEREFORE,
tnat it may not hereafter be considered as express-
ing the deliberate sense of the Senate and people
of this Commonwealth, at this time of uncommon
political tranquillity,
"RESOLVED, THAT THE RESOLVE
AFORESAID OP THE FIFTEENTH DAYOF
JUNE, A. D. 1813, AND THE PREAMBLE
I HEREOF, BE ANDTHE SAME ARE HERE-
BY EXPUNGED FROM THE JOURNALS OF
THE SENATE.
"The yeas and nays having been required on the
adoption e-f the above preamble and resolution,
were as follows:
"Yeas—Hon. Messrs. Sprague, Ruggles, Aus-
tin, Hodges, Tnaxter, Allen, Cranston, Fowler,
Prince, L*land, Dimmick, Wade, Wineate, Par-
rott, Fiske, Mason, Hull, Keyes, Richardson,
Winthrop, Nuyes, Mills—22.
"Nays—Hon. Messrs. Perkins, Brooks, Adams,
Gardner, Hoyt, Longley, Tufts, Gorham, Jones,
Starkweather, L. Sttong, S. Strong, jr. Denny,
Hubbard, Mnchell-15.
"So the resolution was accepted and passed."
I know it has been said that many who were Fe-
deralists in former years are friends of the Admi-
nistration now; and that many who are Whigs
now, were Democrats then. Undoubtedly. Bat
that indicates merely a change of sentiment with
individuals, not an alteration of the principles of a
party. I have, in support of my position, that
the Whi&s now are what the Federalists were in
1812, given you the names of the prominent men
wh) composed the Hartford Convention; I have
taken the whole organized body as it then existed,
and brought it to the test. No one has doubted or
disputed the correctness of my statement. Changes
in politics are often conspicuous and sudden. I
have accidentally before me an evidence of this,
which evinces some very rapid revolutions in senti-
ment among prominent politicians in my own
State. I will read an extract or two from promi-
nent Federal papers of different dates:
From Ihe Northampton Courier.
"The Harrisburg Convention have nominated
Gen. Harrison, rather than Mr. Webster, as the
Whig candidate for the Presidency.    Were it not
matter of fact, we shoull think it a mere burlesque,
a caricature, got up for a laugh.   We can hardly
believe that men of intelligence and  discrimina-
tion, would act so prepos'erou , so ridiculously sil-
ly.   Gen. Harrison, a man of no particular re-
spectability ef character, and wholly obscure as to
talents, and decidedly insignificant so far as needed
abilities  are concerned,   substituted   for   Daniel
Webster!   An individual from the remotest obscu-
rity brought out to stand in the shadow of Jack,
son's military renown, to catch up a fictitious po_
pularity, by throwing around his name the tinse"
glow of military splendor! and Daniel Webster
with his gigantic powers of mind and exhaustless'
attainments, and unimpeachable moral character,
put down asan inferior to William Henry Harri-
son, the 'Hero of Tippecanoe!!'   Why, what an
insufferable insult to the Whigs! what a scandal
and disgrace to our party !     Why, literally, we
feel a «named to raise our voice or hold up our
head, to meet the merited taunts and ridicule of
our opponents.   We are overwhelmed with shame
at such an exhibition of superlative weakness and
political pusillanimity.
"How can the Whigs consistently take up an in-
dividual who is put forth by his friends, not from
any intrinsic powers of mind or strength of intel-
lect he possesses, but merely because he has thrown
around him that odious characteristic of an emi-
nent statesman, military popularity—a feature which
the Whigs, from the outset, have severely reprobated
in General Jackson,   The friend of Mr. Van Bu-
rén owe a debt of gratitude to the Pennsylvanians-.
In no pottiblt way could they have done a more ac-
ceptable thing for them. In no way could they have
so effectually secured his e'ection, and disgraced and
disgusted the Whig party."
[From the Boston Daily Advertiser.]
"If any other man than Henry Clay shall be no-
minated by the Whig National Conveition, the
electoral vote of Massachasetts will be given to
Martin Van Buren."
"We confess we have some curiosity to learn
which of the members of the de'egadon from this
Sta'e can claim the honor of having given the vote
of the State for a candidae (Gen ral Harrison)
who, we are well assured, is lar from being the
choice of the State."
[From the Boston Alias ]
"An idea has been thrown out by certain paper ,
which advocate the substitution of a second rat*
man, (General Harrison.) that Mr. Webster pos-
sesses qualifications of too exalted and intellectual
an order to make a popular Piesident."
[From the Boston Courier.]
"If General Harrison receives the nomination of
the Harrisburg Convention, ihe electo, al vote of
Massachusetts will be given to Martin Van Bu-
ren."
* "The book (Hildreth's Life of General Harri-
son) is worth reading, though the hero of the story
should never be President of th   United States."
"A second rate man (General Harrison.") And
why do all the party prints from which these ex-
tracts are made «npport him now? Why not sus-
tain Webster or Clay, or some other man of whose
talents they boast? The answer is brief. How-
ever inefficient and unsuitable as a man, circum-
stances have made him the best material for the
car of the political idol, Federalism, with which they
think, vainly, I am sure, to ride over and crush the
Democracy of the coun'ry. But I will not digress.
My two points were to demonstrate, by authentic
and indisputable documents in this branch of my
remarks, the character of the Hartford Conven-
tion and its identity in principle with the Whigs of
the present day; to sustain my position that Fede-
ralists are Whigs, and Whigs Federalists.
In connection with the Hartford Convention,
was the appointment of three commissioners for the
professed purpose of asking a separate arrangement
for a portion of the States, by which the power of
the General Government was to be surrendered,
and a part of the national funds to be given up to
the Stales referred to; and this was indeed objec-
tionable, bnt it was not all that was suspected. An
indiscreet partisan proposed to the Legislature
"that a committee be appointed to confer with all
the New Eugland States, and see if they will agree
to appoint a committee to join them and repair to
the city of Washington immediately, then and
there personally to make known to the President
the general opinion of all the New England Slates,
in regard to the present war, and the manner in
which it has been conducted, and inform him that
he must either resign his office as President, or re-
move those ministers and other officers of the Ge-
neral Government who have, by their nefarious
plans, ruined the nation."
I charge this upon none but the individual who
proposed it I only quote it to show what feeling
prevailed with a few. The commissioners appoint-
ed were those of the most talented and conspicu-
ous men in the Federal party: Harrison Gray
Otis, Thomas H. Perkins, and William Sullivan.
Mr. Otis ú known as an eminent politician through
the whole country. He was a strong Federalist
then, is a Whig now. Mr. Peikins is a Boston
merchant, of princely fortune, obtained by his intel-
ligence, enterprise, and industry. With a heart
full of benevolence and philanthropy, he has con-
tributed most munificently to many humane and
haritable institutions; giving to the asylum for the
blind his own mansion, worth thirty thousand.doU
lan>; an amount which would be considered, in
most parts of the country, a laige P™^-..™*"7
of that class of our sightless f.Uow ^"£^  b£"
his memory long after his political otTex c^a«Jfor-
gotten He wai, however, a strong Federalist
fhen, and is a Whig now. Mr Sullivan was am
ardent [politician, and has recently died.   I know
