**L
~rifc.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
t$ra C« «'"«1«t Skis.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Jameson.
April, 1840.
H. of Rep .
ted States.  He opposed Gen. Jackson for the Pre-
adeoey in '94, "38, and '39, and opposed his adm'nis-
(ration throng bout.   Then, sir, where is the ground
for that assertion? There is none.   The next I will
notice is the statement that " the entmies of the
United States Bank would oppose Clay;" and why
not Harrisont   Has he not been as uniformly in
favor of that Bank as Clay? and would he not, if
eleeted, sign a charter for the same as soon as
Clatl   About that no one can have a doubt.    But
it states, too, that the "Western squatters would op-
pose Clay."   As to that, Mr. Chairman, I will
inform these Abolition gentlemen, in the first place,
that there are very few of these " Western squat-
ter*," as they call them, at least so far as my own
Bute is concerned, who would support either of
them.    Among them Federal Whiesm  cannot
flourish; it has no charms for them. "They are an
honest, industrious, and intelligent people; they live
by the " sweat of the brow;" they are independent;
they are not tenants; dependent upon no landlord
or ikh nabob for their bread; and among such a
people Democracy always finds a certain home;
for such mea will never consent to have sad-
dled on them monopolies  and privileged orders;
bat if there  be any squatters who are Whigs,
I   will   Tentare   to   say   that  they   would   as
aoon   aapport   Clay, with   bis   talents, as   to
rapport  a man in whose capacity and talents
they have no confidence—and I will say that, so
far   as  Missouri is   concerned,   Clay   is more
popalar than  Harrison—and I have the Whig
Convention of that State and the Whig De'egates
to the Harrisbnrg Convention to back me in that
assertion—then that reason fails.   And lastly, this
circular states that the Antimasons and Irishmen
would oppose Clay.   Now, sir, how did the wri-
ter of this circular know that fact?   Did the Anii-
maeons and Irishmen, before the meeting of the
Harrisborg Convention, indicate in any way their
preference for Harrison over Clay?   We have no
proof of it—nor did the Old Jackson men, ami-
Bank men, or Western í qua tiers.   Then, sir, ac-
cording to the history of the times, and the truth of
the facts, neither the Old Jackson men, anti-United
Stales Bank men, Western squatters, Antimasons,
■or the Irishmen, bad, previous to the meeting of
that Convention, indicated in any way, as parties,
that they preferred Harrison to Clay.' But the
Abolitionists had—they had, sometime before the
meeting of that Convention, shown their hands,
through circulars and their leading organs; they bad
commenced a warm opposition to Clay on account
of the speech be bad made last Congress against
their schemes, and had warned that Convention
sot to nominate Clay, that they would not support
him.   Then, Mr. Chairman, we are bound to pré-
same that the other four classes or parties were as
friendly to Clay as Harrison; and we know that
the Abolitionists were not; and we are irresistibly
brought to the conclusion that they were placed by
the side of Abolitionists in this circular for the pur-
-«BME of deceiving and practising a fraud upon the
jS"H5 party, in order to enable them to bend every
influence to that of Abolition; and, sir, they suc-
ceeded; all the other parties that met in the con-
vention, yielded to them, and Gen. Harrison may
fltaefor* be properly termed the Abolition candi-
date   Yes, air, the Harrisborg Convention met,
composed of men and parties as opposite in prin-
ciples as the antipodes, agreeing bat in one solita-
ry thing, and that was, opposition to the Adminis-
tration and Democracy.   They were composed of
Masons and Antimasons, of high protective tariff
and aati-proteciive tariff men, of United States
Bank and anti-United Sutes Bank men, and of
Abolitionists, and all these made up of lawyers,
doctors, bank officers, merchants, speculators, and
dismissed office holders, with some eight or ten
planters; but no log cabin men were there, although
they profess to have taken the  log cabin  men
under their especial care; and nearly all of them
won friendly to the administration of John duincy
Adams.
For the proof of these facts—I mean as to the
principles aoJ profession of the members of that
convention—I refrr to the collection of facts made
by the gentleman from Tennessee,- [Mr. Wattzk-
aoarj who informs me that he has collected them
from the most authentic sources within his power".
He has set them forth, and they are published to
the world in his primed speech. Yes, Mr. Chair-
man, these are the principles of the men who com-
posed that convention. How different with ihe
Democracy! Democracy is one and the same
thing throughout the nation: is supporters have
one and the «ame purpose in view—and that is to
carry out and administer the Government accord-
ing to the intent of its framers, and as la'd down
by Jefferson, pursued by Jackson, and thus far by
Van Baren. It is of but one materia1, and cannot
be alloyed by materials of opposite principles, pro-
perties and qualities. Yes Mr. Chairman, this
convention pursued ih'' track marked out by, and
obeyed the command of, that Abolition circular.
And what else did ihey do? Did they let us know
the;r principles by an address to the people, so that
the people couU form an opinion of the principles
upon which General Harrison, their nominee,
would admn i-ster the Government, if elected? No,
sir. It would not do to declare in favor of a Uni-
ted States Bank; for, if they had, the Southern ami-
Bank Whig-! would have showed their inconsistency
by supposing the nominee. It would not do to
declare in favor of a proteciive tariff, for, by so
doing, they would have lost some of the S >uthem
and Western anti-tariff Wh gs. It would not do
to declare in favor of the old Federal consolidation
doctrine, for they would have lo^t some of ihe
Whig Sta e Rights men. Nor would it do to de-
clare in favor of Abolition, for then they would
have lost all the honest Smihern Whigs. Then
what could they do with this heterogeneous motley
mass of opposite principles, thrown together in one
convention? Why, they could only agree to write
one thing to spread befóte the American people,
and that was too short to come from fo many great
minds; that is, that ihey were opposed to ihe pre-
sent Administration and Democracy, with a post-
script at the end of it in these word-: "But we can-
not agree in the reasons why." Sir, it is the first
political convention that has ever, in these Unitei
States, met and adjourned without setting forth to
the pub'ic, in the form of an address, their political
principles and their views on the leading questions
of the day.
And now, Mr. Chairman, let us see by this course
what this convention has done. Sir, they have
impliedly, and by act and deed, said to
the American people, that, as we lie in
the shade, and don't have to work for our
living, we have more time te study and attend to
politics than you have; and, as we have the intel-
ligence, and know how things should be done, do
you never mind about our principles, or the prin-
ciples of our candidate: you attend to your work;
you-have not time to attend to ihese things, and
we will attend to your interests, and in the mean-
time, without knowing any thing about oar views,
or our candidate's views, do you vote as we tell
you. But, sir, this shall not rest upon implica-
tion, strong as it is; I will show from positive
testimony—from the bands of General Harrison's
confidential and conscience-keeping committee—
that he has pursued the implied order of this
convention and positively refused to come out
(although respectfully asked) and inform the people
—the sovereigns of the nation—and wh se suf-
frages he is asking for the highest office in their
gift, what his principles and politics are. Yes,
Mr. Chairman, I hold in my hand the correspond-
ence showing this fact; the Clerk will read it.
"OawEoo,Jan. 31, 1840.
"Te the Hon. William H Barrigón :
" Dear Sib: In accordance with a resolution of the Union
Association of Oswego, I am instructed to propose three ques-
tions to you in relation to subjects that a large portion of this
section of the country feel a deep interest in.   The first is—
"Are you in favor of receiving and referring petilions for
the immediate abolition of slavery in the Distnct of Colum
bial
" Second—Are you in favor of a United States Bank, or some
institution similar to that, for the safe keeping and disbursing of
the public moneys, and for giving a uniform currency through-
out the united States.
"And lastly—Would you favor the passage of a general bank-
rupt law by Congress, so that its operations might be equal in
all the States in the Union.
"I have only to say, sir, that the above inquiries are made in
accordance with the unanimous wishes of this Association, the
members of which, I am instructed to say, entertain the high-
est regard for your past services, and hope, should you be elect-
ed w wt high office for which you are nominated, that nothing
may occur to lessen you la the estimation of a great and free
people.
I am sir, respectfully,
Your obedient servant,
MILES HOTCHKISS,
Corresponding Secretary.
"Cincinnati, Feb. 29,1840.
"Oswego Union Asootiation-
Gentlemen: Your letter of the 31st ult. addressed to Gene-
ral Harrison, has been placed in our possession with a view to
early attention This is unavoidable, in consequence of the
*ery numerous letters daily íeotived by ihe General, and to
which his reply in person is rendered absolutely impracticable.
As I mm his confidencial committee, you will look upon this
response, and it the policy observed bj the committee should
not meet with your approbation, you will attribute theerror
rather to our«elves and hH immediate advisers, than General
Hairi'on That policy is THAT THE GEN KRAI. MAKE
NO FURTHER DECLARA ION OF HIS PRINCIPLES,
FOR THE PUBLIC EYE, WHILST OCCUPYING HIS
PRESENT POSITION. Burn a course has been adopted, not
for purposoof concealment, nor lo avoid all proper responsi-
bility; but under ihe impression that the General's views,
in regard to all the important and exciting questions of
the day, have heretofore been given to tlie public, fully
and explicitly; and that those views, whether con-
nected with con«mu ioni.1 or o her questions of very
general interest, hai* undergone no change. The com-
mittee are streug hened in regard to the propriety ofth  policy-
thunoiiew issue he made to the public, fri>m tlie consideration
that the National Convention deemed it impolitic, at the then
crisis, to publish any general declaration of the views of the
great Opposition party, and certainly the policy at the piesent
remains unaltered In the mean time, we cannot help express-
in? ihe hope th it our fne.ids every where will receive the nomi-
nación ol General Harrison with something akin to generous
confidence. When we reflect upon the distinguished intelli-
gence of the n iminaung convention—how ably all interests
were represented in that Iwdy, we certainly have a high guaran-
tee that should General Harrison be the successful candidate for
the Presidency, that office will be happily and constitutionally
administered, and under the guidance of the same principles
which directed our Washington, Jefferson, and Madison. Be-
lieving you will concur with us in the propneiy of the policy
adopted, we have pleasure in subscribing  nr«t Ives,
"Your friends,              DAVID GVVYNNE,
J. C WRIGHT,
O. M. SPENCER.
"H. E. Spencer, Corresponding Secretaiy "
Here, Mi Chairman, is a principle, a precedent
new to this Government, ?et, which, it it obtains,
and is ratified by the American people, will be-
come more dangerous to their liberties than any
doctrine set forth, or promulgated by the Hartford
Convention, and the HairLburg Convention re-
ferred to as authority for it. Sir, has it come to
this, that a man who is asking the suffrages of the
people of ihis nation, for the highest office in their
gift, refuses, when respectfully as-ked, to give his
views upon the subject of Abolition; a subject, sir,
of more vital importance to this Confederacy than
any other ihat has been agitated since its foima-
tion; and which, if not checked in its career, will
ere long dissolve this Union, after having first
drenched it in blood, and destroyed its treasure?
Sir, that a man who asks the people for their
suffrages for a high office, should, before they cast
their votes, give that people his views on subjects
and principles of great importance, is interwoven
in, and forms a material part of, the machinery by
which ihis R«public moves, and must be pteserved.
It is a fundamental principle of this, and must be
of all Republics, or otherwise they cannot long
exist.
Sir, Gen. Harrison, in refusing to give his views
and opinions on the subject of Abolition, and on all
the other important questions which agitate the
nation, has ventured upon ground ihat no other
candidate for ihe Presidency or any other high
office has ventuied upon from the days of Wash-
ington down. No, sir, not even did the Adamses
venture upon it.
It is the doctrine of kings and emperors, who
come to ihe throne by inheritance, and who are the
masters of the people, and the people their ser-
vants. It will do for them to lock up their views
and principles in their own bosoms, and refuse to
inform the people how they intend to administer
the Government. But dees it suit a Republic,
where the people are the masters and the officers
the servant? Will the people of these United
Slates permit a man to come into the highest office
within their *g'ft, uncommitted and unpledged, ei-
ther one way or the other, upon the great questions
in which the interests, the liberties, and the very
union of the States are involved? Will they say
yes, we will support Gen. Harrison; he is «good
man; he knows what will be good for us, and what
principles will suit us better than we do ourselves;
as we are ignorant and incapable of self-govern-
ment?   Ño, sir, they will not support a man to
