April  1840.___________
£6th Cono ...1st Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Air
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Jameson.
H. <A Reps.
come into power self-willed, to do his own will in-
stead of theirs, even if he hud a vül of his own—
much less will they support a man who has no will
of his own—who has to employ a committee to dic-
tate for him, act for him, and tell him what he
must do__they know that in voting for General
Harrison  it   would  be    but   giving   a   formal
vote__that  substantially  and in effect, it  would
be voting from the evidence they now have
before them, for a committee to be made up, whose
persons and principles they will know nothing
about; whose duty it will be, like the present one,
to ketp his conscience, and direct in what manner
he shall administer the Government, if he should
be elected; and in that event they will come to the
conclusion, from the evidence before them, that that
committee will be ma-Je up of Abolitionists, Fede-
ralist , United States Bank men, and high protec-
tive tariff men, and such like materials, and they
will further reason and say, that it General Har-
rison now, while but a candidate for the Presi-
dency, has to employ a committee to keep his con-
sc ence, and tell him when to move, and wh*n to
s and still, that he would, as a matter of course,
have one around him, if elected, to sell him what
to do, as bis responsibility and labor would be
mnch greater then than now; and they will not
doubt, sir, but that it will be composed of the ma-
terials above mentioned, whose only aim and object
will be to control, through him, the Government
in such a way as to enure to the benefit of the few,
regardless of the interests of the many.
Sir, whoever before in this Government heard
of a candidate for office with a committee around
him to tell him what to do?   It might well do for
imbecile K ngs, *uch as the Georges of England,
to have a ministry  around them to direct the ad-
ministration of the Government.    But, sir I have
always looked upon it here as a fundamental prin-
ciple, in casting our suffrages,  to select  men  for
office for their merit and qualification*, who were
capable of performing their duties without employ-
ing others to direct them.   Sir, what would the
people of Missouri think of me, if I, being a candi-
date even for a seat on this floor, or any other of-
fice of still less importance, should keep a commit-
tee around me to tell me what to answer, or to tell
me whether to answer or not when called on to give
my views on the  great questions  which agitate
the nation?   "Why, sir, I shauld ntt expect to get a
vote—particularly if my committee should refuse
to let me answer at all.   Sir, a man could not be
elected constable in Missouri who would refuss to
give his political views when called on.   Sir, the
people understand their rights and the principles
of this Government too well to vote for a man to
any office who will not let them know his politics.
But, Mr. Chairman, what excuses do this com-
mittee give for not letting Gen. Harrison answer
the queries propounded by ihe Oswego association,
for it appears, sir, that those who propounded them
were his jnends?   Why, they say that the Harris
burg Convention thought it, at the then crisis, im-
politic to declare the views of the Oppo ition, and
therefore it was wrcng for-their nominee to do so;
that is, that they had impliedly ordered Gen. Har-
rison to keep his mouth shut, and for fear he wonld
not do it, we are his committfe, arranged  to fee
that it is done.   And they also say, in excuse, that
if there is any error in this concealment, blame us,
and not Gen. Harrison.
I am informed, Mr. Chairman, that this com-
mittf e is composed of lawyers, at least two of them,
and Federalists at that-, and, as a matter of course,
they have read Blacks tone's Commentaries, and
have followed the doctrine laid down there; that is,
that the King can do no wrong, and if any wrong
is done on the part of the Government, the Minis-
try, and not the King, is responsible. This is the
precise doctrine held out her", sir; the aoctnne
of a kingly Government.
But, sir, in this Republic, who do you hold re-
sponsible tor tbe acts of the Executive branch of
the Government? Is it a committee, appointed by
the President to stand in the place of the ministry
of England? No, sir; there never has been one
yet; all the Presidents heretofore have had sense
and firmness enough to do the business of the of-
fice, and take the responsibility.   Then, sir, are
his Secretaries and othei offi -ers which he appoints,
responsible for the acts, of the Executive Govern-
ment?    No, sir, we hold the President himself re-
sponsib'e for the acts of the entire Executive De-
partment, and for the best íeisons in  the  world,
according to our frame of Government.    The peo-
p'e elect the President, and the President appoints,
and has the power to remove, all of his Executive
officers.   Then, if any of them fail in their duty,
he is responsible to us for it, for he, and not ns, has
the power to remove him.    But, sir, Gen. Harri-
son's political friends, while he is but a candidate
for the Presidency, have put this English ductnne
in force; and, sir, I ven'ure to predict that  they
have showed their handi so plain as to what they
would do if he is elected, that the people will njver
permit him to take that   ministry  or   committee
along with him to the Presidency, for the rea sin
that   they   will not   let him go   there  himself.
What other excuse do they give?   Why, General
Harrison receives "O many letter*, that it is impos-
sible for him to answer m person.    Ah, indeed'—
"guilt  will out."   Where are there so many let-
ters, and where are there so many answrs to them,
that he could not ans ver th ee plain que^ious, that
need not have takei more than a page of letter pa-
per?    When has he answered a sehtary communi-
cation''    Where is the answer?   Show one since
he has been a candidate.    Sir, not one can be
shown; for, as a matter of course, these numerous
letters, if he received them, were in relation to his
principles or politics; and if any of ihem had been
answered, that answer would have been published.
Then, sir, every man must see and know that this
excuse is fa's-, and, with the otheis, is ren lerel to
keep out of view the true reason*, as I have before
assigned, in order to practise a fraud en the rredu-
lity of the pe>j)l<*.    And this committee, (wh ch is
more palpable than all,) to cover the fraud in'ended
to be  practised on the c>mmunity, wound up by
saying: "We certainly have a high guarantee that,
should General  Harrison b* the successful candi-
date for the Presidency,  that office will be hap-
pily   ani    constitu'ionally    administered,    and
under   the   guidance   of   the   same   principles
which    directed    our    Washington,    Jefferson,
and   Madron."    What   guarantee   have     we?
None.    If he had  all at once became in love
with the pnncip'es of Washington, Jefferson, and
Madison, why did he not answer  the letter writ-
ten to him, and so ttate?    It was easy done.    No,
sir, that would not do; and the very fact of his
refusing to answer that he would, if elected, ad-
minister the Government according to the princi-
ples of those illustrious men, is conclusive evi
dence that he would not, but intended to adminis-
ter it according to the principles of the Federalists
and Abolitionists;   and  that their   names   were
u-ed by ihis committee for the purpose of mis-
leading, gulling, and practising a fraud on the com-
munity.     Sir, if he had just answered that he
would have administered the Government as laid
down by these three sages and patriots, and shown
himself sound en the subject of Abo'ition, the peo-
ple would have been sati^fisd. Sir, I have done with
that correspondence for the present.
Mr. Chairman, I will go back again to that
convention and the subject of Abolition, and
inquire how the States voted in that convention.
And what will we find ? Why, sir, we find that
every Southern State—I mean the slaveholdiug
States that w rer presented there—voted for Clay.
And wh>? Was Clay personally moie popular in
Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, ard the
other Southern States, generally, than Harrison?
No; probab'y in none of them except Kentucky
and Missouri. In fact, sir, Clay has always been
very unpopular in Virginia, and the extreme South,
probably on account of his bank and high tariff no-
tions raan'y. Then upon what ground did they
support htm in that convention, for they never
did it before? Sir, the answer is easy; they
looked upon this Abolition question as the para-
mount question of the land, and they did not be-
lieve that Harrison was sound upon it; they were
jealous of him, and fearful that he was an Aboli-
tionist. They knew (as I will show presently) that
he had at one' time declared himself m favor of it,
and at another time against it; and what shoot he
would take, if he had to decide a third time, they
knew was doubtful. That is the whole secret, sir,
and that is the answer; ar.d now I call upon the
Southern Whigs to say, as you call this the para-
mount question, and as you know and admit Van
Buren is r ght on it, how it is possible that one of
you, or one solitary Southern voter, except he be
an Abolitiom>t, can support Harrison. You have
not been informed by him of any thing in relation
to this subject since that convention; and as you
were fearful then that he was an Abolitionist, or
would favor their schemes, and would not support
him in the convention on that account, how can
you be less so now. And, in fact, you have cause
to be the more so, for the reason that he has been
called on, and has peremptorily reiused lo come
out, and let his views be known on this subject.
Sir, I do not believe, under the circumstances
and facts already mentioned, that General Harri-
son, at auy time since we have had an existence as
a Government, except the preseai, could have got
one solitary vote s.outh of Mason's and Dixon's
line, and very few, if any, north of it. B-it it
seems that the Opposition have become desperate;
that they are willing to furego any thing; plunge
the Government into disunion and dcstruction,lfor
the purpose of getting into power.
But, sir, let us traca this matter on and see what
the leading organ of the Abolition party said im-
mediately afier the nomination. Here it is: the
Clerk will read it:
"Well, the agony is over, and Henry Clay is—laid upon the
shelf And no man of ordinary intelligence can doubt or deny
that it is the antialavery feeling of the" Norih. which has dono
it; in connection with his o n ostenta lous and mlamoui pro-
slavery demonsirationein Congress Praise to God for a great
ami slavery victory A man of high talents, ol great distinc-
tion of lúne political "wrvices, of houmlless personal popiilarm,
has been openly rejected for the Presidency of tins Republic,
on accountof his devotion to slavery Set up a monument of
progress there Let the winds tell the tale Let ihe slavehold-
ers hear the news Let foreign nations hear it LetO'Conneil
hear it Let the slaves hear it A slaveholder is incapacitated
for the Presidency of the United Stales The reign of the slaveo-
cracy is hastening to a close The rejection of Henry Clay by
the Whig Conve uon, taken in connection with all the circum
stances, is one of the heaviest blows the monster slavery has re-
ceived in tins country."
Yes, sir; here it is in words, and pa'nted in colors
that cannot be misunderstood: "The agony is over;
Henry Clay laid on the shelf; anti-slavery feeling
of the North that did t; praise to God frr a great
anti-slavery victory." What is their victory? Why,
Harrison—our man, the fuend of an'Waverv, the
friend of the Abolitionists—is nominated over Clay.
"Set up a monument of progress there—let the
winds tell the tale—let the slave holders hear the
news—let foreign nations hear it—let O'Connell
hear it—let the slaves hear it, that a slave holder
is incapacitated lor the Presidency of the United
States." Yes, and that Harr.son, the Abolition
candidate, is nominated. Sir, can the mo t credu-
lous djubt, after looking at this, that my first pro-
po^it.on is true, that is, ihat Harrison is either an
Abolitionist, or, if elected, will favor their schemes,
or that he is aiming to get their votes, and will
then deceive them. But the Wbigs say that the
editors of this paper have retracted a little
since, and don't come out quite so rank
since this first piece. Sir, don't every body
understand that. D d you not see how uneasy the
Whigs were here when that paper eame out? Sir,
they saw their cau^e was gone, unless something
was done; they saw that the Abolitionists, in their
over heat of joy, had "let the cat outof the wallet;"
that Harr^oa was the Abolition candidate. This
would not do; he would lose the Whigs of the
South; and, sir, can any one doubt but that they
were ordered, or persuaded, by the party, on that
account, to retract a utile from their rank hold?
For, sir, has any thing come from Harrison siace
to weaken the confidence of th? Abolition'sts m
him? Not a thing, for he has utterly refused to
say a word on the, subject since that time. But
what has Gsueral Harrison said heretofore on this
subject? Here is his own letter, signed by himself,
puili^hed in the Philanthropist, on the 14th of
February last, an Abolition paper, and friendly to
the election of Harrison.   I will read it:
"TO THE PUBLIC.
«FaLLOWCrraans. Being«iddenly-Urfh^to ««¡mdto
my sick family, I have but a moment tojmwer a few of the
calumnies which are in cuenta"?"  n«™D«1m¿n m. „. .
"1 am wcuaed of oeto  ftwncUy to slavorjr. Fwm my mam^
