46t
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Con«—• 1st £■• 
Bankrupt Law—Mr.  Wall.
May, 1840.
Senate.
mostpwede the«6«f •«•«* of a MH<ract,and on which
im orijnaai validity shall be made to depend. An
obi ii at i on must exist before it can be impaired; and
the /«* It* may prescribe ihose circumstances
which shall create its obligation. O! this class is a
law prescrhiDg the mode of executing agreements,
attesting them, reeoidmg them, and the statutes of
frauds, Ac. Insolvent laws of this character mu-t
be made- previously to the contract between citi-
zens of the same State and in the State wheie the
contract was made, but cannot dissolve a previous
contract, or ore made out ol its jurisdiction. They
cannot reach an existing contract. A bankrupt
law may and does act on the obligation of all
contracts, prospectively or retrospectively, between
a trading debtor and his creditors, in cases of bank-
ruptcy. Insolvent laws act simply as to the re-
medy, or under the principle of the i«x loci or ¡ex
ftri.
Then are other diversities, bat perhaps not so
distinctly marked as to const.tute a line of parti-
lion. These distinctions are fundamental, and di-
vide the two systems by boundaries that cannot be
overleaped.
The powers of Congress, however, to pass laws
on the subject of bankruptcy, is not arbitrary or
un'imited. Such a law must be uniform; that is,
it mast ad in the same moaner upon the subject of
bankruptcy, upon the contract*, or the relation of
«fetter and creditor, where the dtblor is a trader, and
failed. If it must operate alike on the same classes
as to its btfffits and remedies, it must conform to
tóenme rale in its operation upon the classes, and
upon th*smbjeeti upon which it acta. It stands op-
posed toa partial, particular, or special law upon
the subject of bankruptcy, which acts only upon
the subject so far as respects the interest of debt-
or*, and for their relief anddi-charge only, placing
the remedy ia their hands only. How can it be
contended that a law upon the subject of bankrupt-
cy is uniform, which places the remedy and the
benefits of it, wholly in the hands of the debtor,
leaving the creditor without any remedy or benefit?
Uniform refers to the tubject-mattcr of a bankrupt
law, and its operation on such subjects, and the
classes liable to its scope, not to its locality. All
laws of Congress, without any constitutional in-
junction, extend over the whole Union.
The bill reported by the majority of the Judi
ciary Committee appears to me to be unconstitu-
tional.
1.  It is simply an insolvent law, extending itself
over «U contraéis between creditor and debtor,
whether the debtor be a trader or not, and allows
the debtor, at his own time and pleasure, to free
himself from his obligations. It assumes the most
iatitadinous power ever claimed for the Federal
Government—the power to free all debtors in the
Union from their obligations—to create a general
jubilee. It is an insolvent law in its inception,
and as to the creditor; and a bankrupt law in its
termination, and as to the debtor: it places all
contracts under the control of the Federal Govern-
ment.
2.  It operates upon IhewkoU subject of contract*,
and the obligation and rights growing outof them be-
tween debtor and creditor; whereas Congress
hare no constitutional right to pass any law im-
pairing contracts, except snch as are made by a
debtor who is a merchant, banker, or trader, and
is unable or unwilling to pay his debts. "So ex-
clusively have bankrupt laws operated on traders,
that it may well Le doubted whether any act of
Congress to subject to such law every description
of persons within ihe United Slates, would comport
with the spirit of the powers vested in them in rela-
tion ihereio," is the language of Judge Livingston,
reported in Adams vs. Siorrey—1 Paine, C. C. R. 79.
The bankrupt law proposed in. 1827 was de-
stroyed by incorporating in it a clause extending it
beyond the classes of merchants, banker*, and tra-
der ; and the unconstitutionality of it, arising from
that extension, was pressed strongly on the argu-
ment.                                        .   .
The bill proposed by the majority, it seems to
me is liable to radical and fundamental objections,
even if it should  be demed constitutional,    it is
impolitic. It holds out a temptation to every debtor I
to posh hi! «peculations to the brink of rashness /
and recklessness by affording him a sure refuse, in
case of wreck, at the s >le hazard of the creditor__
eat up his sub>tance, squander the means furnished
by his creditors, and, in the end, make his creditor,
who is powerless to arrest his recklessness, extrava-
ffance, cr spendthiilt habiu, to bear the whole bur-
den, while he ricu in the certainty of discharging
the obligations of his contracts, at the end of his
career.
It is unjust. Equality Is equity, every where:
if the debtor is allowed to select his own time to
dissolve the contract, the creditor ought to have an
equal privilege.
It is illusory. It professes to be an uniform law
upon the subject of bankruptcy, while it is a spe-
cial, partial, and particular law upon that subject,
for the benefit of the bankrupt alone, and ought to
be entitled "an act to destroy the obligation of con-
tracts, whenever the debtor sees proper."
I will not enter into the details of the bill: I
throw out the-e prominent objections in limine;
and, if the bill should become the subject of the
consideration of thu Senaie, I shall then enter more
fully upon my objections to it. It appears to me,
also, defeciive in its details, in many respects,
which it w*>uld not be proper for me to obtrude
upon the Senate at this time.
I have already intimated that I am in favor of a
general and uniform !aw upon the subject of bank-
ruptcy—actms in the same manner up^n the con-
stitutional subject of bankruptcy, alike upon debtors
and creditors, and giving to thein, oiifce, the benefits
of it.
No such bill as that proposed by the majority of
the committee, was ever passed, or, a* far as my
teseaiches have extended, thought of, in England.
This is the first time that it has ever been intro-
duced ia this country. It is a novel, untried expe-
riment; and I much fear that it would, if adopted,
prove a curse, instead of a blessing, to the honest
bankrupt, and pluege him deeper in misery—the
result of misfortunes, not of crime.
It would not pass the test of the constitutional
ordeal to which it must be subjected. Does any
man believe that honest creditors would submit to
a law which disrubfs them of the rights springing
from the solemn obligationsjof contracts, without a
struggle—which separates debtors and creditors
into distiact classes, and makes the former the
exclusive recipients of special privileges? I can-
not think so. The bill, on the face of it, makes
such classification, and, regardless of the obliga-
tions of contraes, deals wiih them only to dissolve
them, and for that purpose ties up the bands of the
creditors during the operation.
My object in submitting the subs'itute, is, not to
prevent the passage of an uniform law upon the
subject of bankruptcy, but to promote it, by giving
it a constitutional character, and making it uniform.
I have already s'ated my opinion as to the subject
of a bankrupt law, and the class of debtors upon
whom it can constitutionally operate. All contracts
between debtor and cteditor, where the debtor is
a merchant, banker, or trader, and fails, are in-
cluded, as well as the rights of the creditor, and
the obligations of the debtor growing out of it.
The right of the creditor is to obtain the whole
property of the debtor, to satisfy the contract. The
obligations of the debtor does not include the for-
feiture of all the rights wh:ch belong to humanity.
Honest misfortune has its penalties, which are
grievous enough; but it is no part of such penalty
to doom the debtor to the most edious slavery that
the human imagination can conceive—a slavery a
thousand times more deplorable than that of the
Helotes of old, the villeins of leudality, or ihe serfs
of modern despotism, the perpetual slavery of
debt, which enervates and subdues the mind, at the
same time ihit it condemns the body to a perpetual
thraldom, which can look to no emancipation but
the la*t refuge of suffering humanity—the grave.
The imprisonment of the perscn is no part of the
obligation of the contract.
The substitute is framed upon the assumption,
that, under a law upon the subject of bankruptcy,
when the indicia of insolvency have occurred in
the conduct of the debtor trader, that the
principles of a bankrupt law give to the credi-
tor a right to seize upon the property of such
debtor, In a summary manner, for the purpose of
distributing the same for the equal benefit of all
the creditors. That while it affords to the debtor a
right to anticipate such summary proceeding, by a
voluntary sunender, it doe  not take away the
right of the creditor by such proceeding, to put a
stop to riotous and costly living, spendihrift habits,
or rash, reckless, and gambling speculations, be-
fore the whole mraris furnished by the creditors are
exhausted, and thus secure something of the wreck
for distribution among honest creditors.
It proceeds upon the principle, that when the
creditors have obtained ail the property of the
debtor by his own voluntary act, or their vigilance,
and appropriated it their own use, that the debtor,
thus deprived «f the means of discharging the
contract, should be released from its obligation.
I have already declared that I am in favor of
passing an uniform law on the subject of bank-
ruptcy. I do not, at present, intend to enter upon
the argument in favorof the policy of ihe measure.
I will content myself with remarking, that I con-,
sider it necessary for the public, as well as private,
interest. An uniform law upon the subject of bank-
nip cy would be a salutary limitation upon the in-
judicious extension of the credit system, by taking
away from the creditor the alluring temptation to
administer to the wild spirit of speculation, and
furmsh the means for the purpose with too great
facility, arising from a reliance upon his superior
vigilance, to gain a preference under the general
laws regulating the rights of creditors and debtors.
It promoies the pioductive energies of the country,
by emancipating the honest debtor from the hope-
lessness of that most depressing, demoralizing and
paralyzing bondage, resulting from the failure
attending the disastrous exercise of those energies.
It restores to the honest, but unfortunate debtor,
hope, and the activity, perseverance, and enterprise
which it inspiies. It restrains the extravagance of
speculation, by subjecting'the whole conduct of the
debtor to the watchful supervision of the argus
eyes of the creditor, and the caution taught, by
knowing that the rights of the creditor may be sum-
marily exercised. Thus it exercises silently, but
efficiently, a control over the rashness of enter-
prise, and represses gambling speculations which
the natural eagerness of " hastening to grow rich"
is too apt to engender.. .1 am inclined to think that
the creditor is frequently as much to blame in giv-
ing credit, as the debtor in receiving it; and I think
that there is much truth in Dr. Johnson's re-
mark: " He that once owes more than he can pay,
is often obliged to bribe his creditor to patience by
increasing the debt. Worse and worse commodi-
ties, at higher and higher prices, are forced upon
him. He, impoverished by compulsive traffic, is
at last overwhelmed in the common receptacle of
misery, by debts which, without his own consent,
Were accumulated upon his head."
Such bankrupt law as would open the remedies
and the benefits under its provisions, alike, or uni-
formly, to the debtor and the creditor—to both
classes—would be mutually advantageous to the
honest debtor and to the honest creditor. In case
of misfortune, it affords the latter the only chance
of ultimaie payment, by enabling the former to ac-
quire, by renewed exertions, the means for the pur-
pose. Itrtsiores the mutuality of interest between!?
creditor and debtor, severed by bankruptcy.
The bill which I have had the honor of submit-
ting as a substitute for that of the majority, isde-,
signed to be an uniform system of bankruptcy. It
is no new experiment,but confines itself to the classes
of persons, and ihe subject of bankruptcy, which
form the distinctive principles of the English law ;
it is intended to operate uniformly, or alike, upon
the relationships of debtor and creditor, distri- *
buting to each the appropriate benefits of the sys-
tem, and allowing to each the right to invoke its
remedies. Its object is to combine simplicity and
economy, the promptitude of a summary remedy,
with the claims of justice and humanity, and to
guard, with equal care, the rights and interests of
both debtor aad crditor.
It is intended to act both retrospectively and
prospectively.
It looks upon the past, not to condemn, but to
relieve. The whole land is strewed with the wrecks
