MftTr 1840.
26th CoNO""tsT Sbss 
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
46S.
Bankrupt Lvw—Mr. Wall.
Senate.
of bankruptcy, and we cannot loon in any direc-
tion, without perceiving the "jetsam el flotsam" of
trade, cast upon its shores.   All mu>t admit the
fact, however ranch they may disagree as to the
causes,  that   this  state of things   has   resulted
from  the  contractions and  expansions   of   the
currency;    and    that   the    fluctuations    grow-
ingout   of   it,   have imparled   to   all   business
depending on prices,   the hazards    and   vicissi-
tudes incident to commerce and trade.   The best
energies of the country have been paralyzed; the
brightest visions of earn have disappeared; and the
wisest and most prudent schemes, uniting public
improvement with individual interest,have perished
as if by magic, in the universal revulsion that has
desolated the country.   This bill proposes to cast
the mantle of oblivion over the past conduct of the
debtor,over his acts whxh may have been compelled,
or the preferences which may have have extorted,
íb his vain struggles to prolong his existence in the
marts of  trade.     All that it demands from the
debtor who seeks its benefits is, that he should
honestly surrender what is left, however small, for
the general benefit of his creditors.   As   to the
fatore, it fixes a limitation upon speculation and
rashness.    It tells the debtor, that if he will go on
ia   desperate   recklessness,   plunging   from   one
depth to a grea'er, afier prudence dictates its hope-
lessness, until all his means are squandered, he
eannot become an actor in obtaining the benefits of
the provisions of this law.   He must retain some-
thing to distribute  among his creditors, and not
mock them with "a beggarly account of empty
boxes."
This is not the proper time to explain the details
of the proposed substitute; I shall content myself
with explaining its principles.
The bill is founded upon two plain and equitable
principles, applicable uniformly to both debtor and
creditor: 1. That, when a debtor who has been en-
gaged in the hazards and casualties, and exposed to
the vicissitudes, of trading, becomes unable to pay
all his debts in full, bis property that remains ought
to be eqnal'y divided amotsg all his creditors, with-
out preference. 2. That if he has acted honestly,
and his creditors wrest from him his property, by
compulsory, summary proceedings, or he volunta-
rily surrenders it, he ought to be discharged from
the contract, and to begin the world answ, unem-
barrassed by the effects of previous misfortune, or
inexperience.
It proceeds upon the principle that the object of
a law on the subject of bankruptcy is to enable the
creditor, in a summary manner, to obtain from a
bankrupt trader an equal distribution of his pro-
perty, and of the debtor to anticipate such proce-
dure by a voluntary surrender, and thereby to ob-
tain a discharge from h'.s contracts.
The bill makes the whole proceeding a judi-
cial proceeding, placed under the jutisdiction of the
district courts of the United States, in the States;
the Circuit Court, in the District of Columbia; and
the supreme or superior courts, in the Territories—
to be regulated by the supervision of the courts, in
the nature of summary proceedings in equity, or
of a master in chancery, appointed by the court.
The only officers appointed are, the receiver, to
take care of the property until the creditors can
meet and choose thsir agent an assignee. The
order of bankruptcy, ipso facto, as in the statute of
Henry VIH. vests all the property of the debtor in
the assignee, except wearing apparel,, implements
of trade, and necessary household and kitchen fur-
niture, two cows, and provender, and such other
goods and implements as State laws have exempted
from execution.
The distinct features of this bill are:
1. It allows both debtor and creditor to become
actor  in the judicial.proceedings, and regulates the
proceedings in such case.
rhis is a new feature in a bankrupt bill, but I
conceive not a new principle. Time, which is not
only the greatest, but the most enlightened and bentfi'
etnt reformer, has been gradually moulding the
forms of the procedure in cases of bankruptcy in
England,to accommodate it them theproEress and ex-
pansion of the credits}stem, the purposes of trade,
and the spirit of the age. In the reign of the Tu-
dors and the Smarts, the bankrupt was considered
on offender, a criminal. The penalty of death was
held over his head, and the forms of procedure
were framed almost exclusively for the benefit of
the creditor. 0>\ the accession of the Hanover
dynasty, it gradually assumed a more mild charac-
ter, and the bankrupt came to be considered as an
unfortunate man, entitled to the rights of humanity,
and to Chn>t'an charities and sympathies. I have
predicated this bill upon the assumption that, at
the time of the framing of oar Constitution, the
bankrupt system was the offspring of commerce,
and the credit system confined in its operations to
the relaton of debtor and creditor, where the
debtor was a trader, and giving to the creditor a
summary remedy to obtain an equal distribution of
the property of the debtor, and relieving the honest
debtor from his contract. Its design is to suppress
fraud, protect the rights of the creditor, to treat
the honet bankrupt as merely an unfortunate man,
to extract from the procedure every thing of harsh-
ness or cruelty, to conform the mode of procedure
to the mild and enlightened spirit of the age, to
measure out equal justice to both the debtor and
creditor class, by dispensing the remedies and
benefits of it to each alike.
From the statute of Henry the Eighth down to
the present time in England, although the right of
the debtor to apply for the remedy has never been
sanctioned, yet all the acts which originate the bank-
rupt proceedings, and give to the creditor the right
to apply for the iemedy, save ene, proceed from
the voluntary act of the debtor. The courts of
England, previously to our Revolution, bad deter-
mined that the simple confession of the debtor, that
he had committed the act of bankruptcy charged
in the commission, was sufficient to sustain the
proceedings in bankruptcy against him. This bill
carries the fame principle only one step further,
and allows the bankrupt himself to malPe such con-
fession the fouudatun of the proceedings in bank-
ruptcy.
2.  The class of debtors who are liable to the
compulsory proceedings, or who may resort to the
voluntary proceedings, are restrained to merchant5!,
bankers, and traders. I have not dared to extend
the power beyond what I conceive was its limit at
the time of the adoption of the Constitution. That
Constitu.ion takes away from the Sates any right
whatever to impair the obligation of contracts.
The Federal Government hath no express authority
to do what is denied to the State Governments.
It is implied only from the grant of authority to
"pass uniform laws upon the subject of bankruptcy."
Can the Federal Government, under this grant, as-
sume a right to dissolve the contracts of all the citi-
zens of all the States? Or must such right be restrain-
ed to the classes of persons and the kind of con-
tracts and the kind of relationship which were the
subjects of a law of bankruptcy in England at the
framing of the Constitution? I have thought that
the latter was the true limit of Federal power.
The bill reported by the majority of the committee
is founded upon the right of Congress to dissolve
all contracts whatever, when the debtor becomes
insolvent; and to correspond with its operation it
ought to be entitled "A bill to free the debtor from
the obligations of contracts whenever he conceives
it for his interest to do so."
3. The compulsory remedies given to the creditor
can only be resorted to against merchants, bank-
ers, and those who are technically traders, while
the voluntary remedy is given to every debtor
who will allege and swear that he has been engaged
in trading—and the act declares that every such
person shall be deemed a trader liable to the bank-
rupt law within its purview. -Trader, is a
technical term, well known in the law, and is
confined to such persons as have been en-
gaged in the business of buying and sell-
ing money or goods for a livelihood. He must
both buy and sell. Trading is not a technical
word, but has a popular meaning, which embraces
all kinds of trafficking or dealing in goods, money,
or land—buying or selling. Foreigners have re-
proached us wi h being a trafficking nation. The
fact exists, but I do not consider it a reproach.
There is none who could, upon any fair principle,
claim the benefits of the bankrupt system, who
could not conscientiously swear that he had. been
engaged in trading, or, what is equivalent, buying
or selling money, commodities, or lands. Congress
acting in confo-mtty to all the bankrupt laws of
England,, have an undoubted discretion to stamp
upon such a person the'technical word "trader," for
the purpose of extending to him its benefiis.
It will he thus perceived that the law is designed
to be uniform in its action upon debtor and credi-
tor, where the debtor is a trader, and has failed—
uniform in its procedure, and uniform in its opera-
tion upon the classes of persons who are, by its
enactments, declared to be merchants, bankers, and
traders.
4. The cumpulsory provisions of the bill are
framed to act uniformly upon all such persons as
are technically merchants, bankers, or traders.
Hence it includes artificial as well as natural per-
sons. It incltsdes all corporations or associations
for manufacturing, commercial, insurance, trading,
or banking purposes. Corporations are included,
because individuals, who are engaged in those
matters, are included, so as to make the law uni-
form.
I am aware that this will give rise to a difference
of opinion; and if the Senate should think that
corporations ought not to be included, although
it will make the bill less acceptable to me, it will
not prevent my support, if it does no! exclude all
the provisions for the benefit of the creditor.
I do not propose to discuss the policy of in-
cluding corporations. I shall confine myself to
a brief explanation of the principles on which I
found the right to include them.
Corporations are artificial perrons, or legal e -
tities, created in this country solely by the sovereign
power, for the public good, as well as private
interest. They are endowed with the faculty of
limited or perpetual succession, of contracting and
bsing contracted with, of assuming the relation of
debtor and creditor, as natural persons; and, like
them, they have given to them the power of su-
ing and being sued, impleading and being im-
pleaded, in all cases and courts whatever.
Although persons only in a legal capacity, so
far as relates to those faculties and powers,
they are clothed with the rights and subjected
to the responsibilities of natural persons. They
are composed of individuals, and are not
exempt from their frailties and imperfection*,
and may be led to deviate from the end of their
creation, and may be plunged- into bank-
ruptcy like individuals. Di.es a charter possess
the magic power of investing ihem ipso
facto, with privileges which place them
beyond the reach of laws which operate upon in-
dividuáis engaged in the same business and ha-
zards? Our law books tell us, that the charters cre-
ating corporations, and the laws made by them in
conformity thereto, ar« "leges sub grmviorr teg*."
The decision of the Supreme Court of the United
Stales, (4 Peters R. 514, Providence Bank vs. Bil-
lings and Pittman,) establishes, "That the great
object of a corporation is, to bestow the character
and properties of individuality on a collected and
changing body of men. Any privileges which may
exempt it from the burden common to individuals,
do not flow necessarily from the charter, but mast
be expressed in it, cr they do not exist."
I have endeavored to show that the subject of a
bankrupt law is contracts, and the relation between
debtor and creditor eminating from contracts; that
the class of persons, upon whom it operates, aie
merchants, bankers, and traders. Corporations and
associations of persons are merchants, bankers,
and traders. If they become bankrupt, why should
the law of bankruptcy fall impotent before them?
Can that law be uniform which includes indivi-
duals, and leaves corporations, falling in the fame
category, free. The corporations have the same
frailties, are exposed to the same hazards,
are prostrated and rendered bankrupt, by the
same/ rashness, imprudence, miscalculation,
and vicissitudes, as individvals. Monopoly
is the legitimate offspring of bankirg and
tradine corporations. Why then should they
be shielded, by privi'ege, from the claims of credi-
tors, while they are entitled to the remedies as cre-
ditors, given by the law? Establish a privileged
sanctuary, where the general law becomes power-
