466
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 184©.
5th ConO" «1st Sess.
Bill for the relief of Capt. Wm. Williams—Mr. Pince.
Senate.
inx upon the statute book a precedent that will be
followed by those who «ay come after u<=. It is a
fact as notorious as it is remarkable, that prece-
dents are of no weight, when produced in favor of
the Government, but almost conclusive against it.
I have not, Mr. President, devoted my time to
this question, without being fully aware of the
treat difficulty there is in gaining the attention of
Senators to subjects of this nature. Out ol this
rucamstanre hare unquestionably sprung some of
the acknowledged and growing errors o" our legis-
lation. The truth is, (and it may as well be told,)
we are so much engrossed in the discussion of cer-
tain leading abstract principle , or prominent poli-
tical topics, which involve to no small ex'ent the
success of toe two parties in this country, and con-
sequently excite the prejudices and passons, and
c l. into exercise the vigorous exertions of boih,
thai we have been careless in our legislation in
natters of less apparent magnitude. This was
especial'y the ease while the Tteasufy was over-
flowing, when the question was, «here we could
appropriate; not what, in a free Government, it
always should be, how we could economize?
"While we have stood like gladiators in the arena,
with foot advanced, and eye intent, whenever a
subject having a political bearing has been moved,
we have hardly jnrned a careless ear to the pro-
gress of private legislation, and often have poured
out our treasure in profusion, scarcely caring to
inquire why or wherefore.
In illustration of this, I will refer to the act of
March 3d, 1837, bearing the captivating, but false
ude, of "An act for the more equitable administra-
tion of the navy pension fund;" an act, which I
believe every man deplores; an act under which
that noble fund, amounting to more than eleven
hundred thousand dollars, has been, as it were in
an instant, most shamefully dissipated, and nearly
exhausted. Sir, 1 have never seen the first man
in this chamber, who professed to know when ihat
bill passed. This is an individual ca*e, a s'n ng
ease I admit; but who does not know of many
simitar eases of less nmgnimde?
To illustrate the importance of the general sub-
ject of the claims of the heirs of Revolutionary
offioers for seven years* half pay, and the commu-
tation of five yean' full pay, I state now in advance,
a few striking facts, which I hope may have the
effect to secure the attention, of Senators for the
little time that I propose to occupy the fl. >or. From
1794 to 1839, the first thirty-four years after ibis
cla*i of cases ceased to be allowed, and
adjusted at the Department, only four cares
received the sanction of Congress—one in
1798, one in 1808, one in 1819, and one in 1816
From this last point of time the matter slumbered for
twelve years. It is probable that no claims were
presented; if Hey 'were, they were rejected, as they
should have been. But now commenced a new
order of things. The character of the evidence
required to establish the rights was modified. The
burden of proof, instead ol being left upon the
claimant, was cast upon the Government, and the
consequence has been precisely what a sensible
man would expect, under the circumstances. We
took a new departure, and we have gone on in an
unchecked career. The claims, instead of be>ng
diminished, have increa-ed ¿a almost an arithmetical
progression. In 1838, thret bills were passed; in
1820, five; in 1833, twelve; in 1833, eleven; in 1834,
ttoenty-thret; in 1836, eight; and in 1838, the last
session when they were acted upon, lioenty-fouri
Thus, although but four bills of this character
received the sanction of Congress during the thirty-
/tur years immediately after the expiration of the
iaet extension act, you have fiom 1828 to 1838 in-
clusive, passed eighty-six bills, and paid out of your
Treasury under them the sum of three hundred and
thirteen thousand eight hundred and three dolían and
twenty-seven cents. These facts can hardly fa 1 to
strike' Senators as extraordinary upon the face of
them. Still, if the claims were well founded, and
the bills have been passed upon competent and
satisfactory evidence of the fact, we ought, I admit,
not to bait, but to go forward; for the cases now
before us are as good as those that have preceded
then. All I ask is, that we pause here, and well
ascertain the grounds upon which we are proceed
ing—thit we pau^e now, be'ore we can see the end
of the be.inrung, a id cas' a g are forwaid to
ascertain what must b  the endinj, if we requite
ihe paro1 evidence of tl.e claimants, after this long
lapse ot time, tobe rebutted by the record evidence
of the Government.
1 am not insensible, Mr. Pres.dent, ef the ad-
vantages with which claims of this character al-
ways come before Congress. They are supposed
to be based upon services far which no man enter-
tains a higher es imata than myself—services be-
yond all praise and above all price; but while warm
aud g'owinst with the glorious recol'e itions which
a recurrence to that period of our h'Mory can
never tail to awaken, while we cherish w.th mm-
g'ed emoti ins of pride and reverence, affection
and gratitude, >he memory of thos-e brave men
who ate no long) r with us; while we provi le with
a liberal hand for such as survive, and f< r the wi-
dows of tho^e who are de eased; while we would
accord t*' the heirs, whether in the secord or third
generdt on, every de'lar to which they can es'a-
blish a just c'aim, I tru*t we shall not, in the
strong current of our sympathies, and in the full
flow of generous feeling, forget   hat becomes us
in our places here, as the deseendants of such men.
TVy would tearh us to legislate upon our judg-
ment, uron our sober sense of right, and not upon
our impulses or onr sympathies. No. sir; we may
att in thi-  way, 'f we choose, wh n di«pensmg our
own mean=; but we are not at liberty to do it when
dispensing the means of our cons itutu nts.
If we were to legislate upon our sympathies—vet
more I will admit—if we were to yield to that
sen«e of just and g-ateful remuneration which
presses itself upon every man's heart, there would
be scarcely a limit for our bounty; the who'e Ex-
chequer could not answer the demand. To the
patriotism, the courage, and the s>er>fires, of the
people of that day, we owe, under Piovidence, all
that we now most highly prze, and what we shail
transmit to our children as the richest legacy they
can inherit. The war of the Revoluti >n, it has
been justly remarked, was not a war rf armies
merely—it was the war of nearly a whole peo-
ple, and such a people as the wor'd had never
before seen, in a death struggle for liberty.
The losses, sacrifices, and sufferings of that re-
riod, were common to all clashes and all conditions
oflife Those who remained at home suffered
hardly less than those who entered upon the active
strife. In every panfofthe country, at the com-
mencement of that struggle, and afterwards—
-"there were sudden partings, such as press
The life from out young hearts.
The aged father and mother underwent not less
than the son, who would have been the comfort
and stay of their declining years, now called to
perform a higher duty—to follow the standard of
his bleeding country. The young mother, with her
helpless children, excites not less deeply our sym-
pathies, when we behold her contending with want,
and dragging out years of weary and toilsome days
and anxious nights, than the husband in the field
following the fortunes of our arm , without the
common habiliments to protect his person, or re-
quisite sustenance to uphold his nature 8ir, I never
think of that patient,enduring, self-sacrificing army,
which crossed the Delaware in December, 1777,
marching barefooted upon the frozen ground to en-
counter the foe, and leaving blood upon their foot
prints for miles, or their sufferings timing the ter-
rible winter of 1777 and 1778, without involuntari-
ly inquiring where were then their families? Who lit
up the cheerful fire upon their hearth-? Who spoke
to them the word of comfort and encouragement
Nay, sir; who furnished protection from the rigors
of winter, and brought to them the necessary
means of subsistence?
The true and simple answer to the^e qces'ions
would disclose an amount ef suffering and anguish,
mental and physical, such as might not have been
found in the ranks of our armies, even in the he ur
which most severely tried that fortitude, which
never faltered, and the power of endurance, that
ssemed to know no limit. All this no man feels
more deeply than I do; but they were common sa-
crifices in a common cause, ultimately crowned
with the reward of liberty. They have an everlasting
claim iifion our gratitude, andar des int d, a^I truit,
t<> exert an ab dmg n flit nee, by the way of exam-
ple, upon our latest pisertty. They have, how-
ever, let it be remembeted, nothirg to do with our
eaiMation on thepre«ent occasion.
The claims come from Aeirs, and assume to be
grounded upon an equitable administration of reso-
jl  lutions now barred by acts of limitation.    This as-
11 sumtion, I tiust, we shall be able calmly and fairly
to examine
If ihe  oftVer   C3me here   in indigence, I could
hardly find it in my heart to withhold  any bounty
that might be necessary for the comfort of his de-
clining year; but   alas.! sir,  the   men   who per-
formed the srivice, no longer present themselves
at your door.    And I doire here to nrote^t «gainst
any special claim oft leir heir> to our sympathies.
If they have risht*, ac\nowledge  them when sub-
stantiated; but I, for one, yhali give them  no pre-
ference from the mere cucum-Uance that they are
the   children  or descendants   of    Revolutionary
officers.    It would be against the genius   of the
i   Government for which th">vemenexpen ed theirfor-
tuncs, their energies, and many of them their lives.
I   They   intended that no superiority should  be ac-
i J  knowledgrd for the man, except that which  he es-
I    labli^hed for himself    If the  heir   has  sustained
j1  ihe chsracterof a gallant and worthy ancestor, he
w 11 reap his rewaid as o'her men reap theirs for
iike conduct.    If, with all  the influence of sound
instruction and elevatt d example, he has disgraced
i   a line of noble  ancestry, <o much  the deeper the
c ndemnation he will receive from a  people, who
acknowledge  no chims to consid< ration but those
bssed upon individual   merit and   virtuous con-
duct.
Mr. President, sixty-yer.rs  have elapsed since
1  the pascase of the   rco'ut.ons of the  Continental
Congress, which are   the  bavis of  these   claims.
The subject of making suitable provision  for the
t fficers of tbe army of the Revolution, was one of
I  the deepest and most intense  niterts', no' only to
the ofhVers themselves, but to the country generally,
I from 1778 down  to the pas^ag? of the commuta-
i  tion resolution of 1783.
1 My observation at home, and still more my ex-
| penence here, teaches me that individuals wno
have substantial claims again&t the Government,
do not ofien remain long in ignorance of their
nsh's. I desire to be informed how it has hap-
pened that these claims have slumbered through
this long period; and I demand a full and satisfac-
tory exp'anation of the delay. The ncblemenof
that day understood perfectly the provision that
had been made for them: it was made up.m their
own suggestion, and the earnest representations of
General Washington in their behalf.
These claims are of two clas-es, one uhder the
resolutions of May 15, 1778, and August 24, 1780,
which provided that seven years' half pay should
be given to the widows or orphan children of offi-
cers wh  had then died, or should thereafter die in
the service, tWe other under the resolutions of Of to-
bar 21, 1780, and of March 22, 1783. To avoid
confusion, I shall consider partcul.nly that large
class of claims arising under the Ja^t, although my
general remarks will be equally applicable to both.
The resolution of October 21, 1780, at the se-
cond important change that took place in the ar-
rangement of the army after its establishment, pro-
vided that the officers who weie reduced by that ar-
rangement, as well as ihe officers who conúnued to
serve to the end of tue war, should be euiitled "to
half pay during life." That this provision was
made under very peculiar circurmtances, is matter
ot htítory, to which it is unnecessary lor me parti-
cularly to advert. How it was received m the
country, is known to every Senator. It was re-
garded w.th jealousy and dissatisfaction, not
only by the citizens, but by the soldiers,
whn, in their sphere, had endured equal hard-
ships, made equal sacrifice*, and encountered
equal dangers. They looked upon it as establish-
ing, prospectively, at that early period of the Re-
public, a privileged and pensioned order, inconsis-
tent with the equal rignts for which they had been
contending, and at variance with the genius and
spirit of such a Government as they hoped to see
established and maintained.
