468
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Coko.~~.1st Skss.
Bill for the relief of Capt. Wm. Williams—Mr. Pierce.
May, li4o.
Senate.
ml states, the seven years' half pay granted by said resolution.
fa* iwiotmim  so mads by the Mates have it is supposed,
kata !«•* by it  burning oi the War oftics «non after the remo-
T,! ot lb* 8oT*rom*m to Washington, or by the subsequent
baggis* oils  public building* in August, 1SU."
That it is manifest that wiih regard to one class
of theae claims—thot* for seven years' half pay—
the Government is wbally unprotected, the evi-
dence of pay ment having been destroyed, among
other archives, by fire.   In this slate of things
what a  there   to  prevent  all   the   claims  em-
braced  ia the resolution   of  August   24,   1780,
fro  being again brought forward, and prosecuted
with soeces* under the role adopted by the com-
mitted   With regard to the commutation claims,
the Government is hardly in a better condition; for
although there is evidence as to who were paid,there
is little satisfactory evidence to show who were eut:-
hedtobe paid; for we are informed by Mr. Gallatin
as early as December, 1810, that " the original
muster rolls and pay rolls of the Revolutionary
army, together with the personal settlements of pay-
masters and pay-agents, were, with a few excep-
tions, destroyed by fire, for which reason, it is n t
perceived how it would be practicable, as it relates
both to the sum which might have been originally
due, and to the partial payments which may have
been made, to devise efficient guards and checks,
ia ease of the removal of the statute of limitations,
as to unsettled claims for personal services ren-
dered in the army of the United States during the
Revolutionary war."  If those pay rolls and muster
rolls were now in existence, the Senate would not
have been troubled with the remarks which I have
thought it my duty to submit, because the claims
would never have been here.   With regard   to
suspending the operation of  the limitation acts,
subsequently to  1794, there seems to have been
but one sentiment, and that pervades all the Exe-
cutive and Congressional documents at that early
day, when the whole matter was perfectly under-
stood.
I take the liberty to refer to a very clear and
satisfactory report upon the subject, made by Mr.
Dwight Foster frem the Committee on Claims, and
communicated to the Honse of Representatives,
February 24,1797. After giving a succint history
of the legislation upon the subject, the committee
say.
" Tt was essential to the public administration that the «lent
of just demands «poo the Government should be, within a rea-
ratable period, definitely ascertained. It was essential to pub-
lic safety and to right, in relation to the whole community,
that all unsettled claim  should be made known within a time
when there were yet means of proper Investigation, and alter
which the public responsibility should terminate, and the pos-
sibility of charging the Government by collusive and fictitisns
contracts should be at an end. The justice as well as policy
of acts of runitatioo, under such circumstances, cannot be
dsabtsd. Tha situation of no country ever presented a more
ciear necassity for, or a more competent justification of, pre-
cautions of that nature. And all the reasons for adopting them
apérate to recommend unusual caution in departing from them,
with the additional force of thai circumstance, that the subse-
quent lapse of dm* has increased the difficulties of a due ex-
aiinaiiosu"
If, in 1797, before any of your records were de-
stroyed, "unusual caution ,was considered necessary,
because the "lapse of time had increased the diffi-
culties of a due examination," what vigilance is
demanded at our hands in 1840, with a large por-
tion of your Revolutionary archives lost lorever,
and (hose which remain broken and unsatisfactory'?*
We have nothing to do with the value of these
«tunéales, which from time to time were received
in payment by the officers. It is notorious that
they were comparatively without value in the
hands of the original holders; but this argument, if
good for any thing, is good for the whole, and would
demand a general law for the repayment of all the
claims.
This subject was elaborately and satisfactorily
discussed in speeches and reports at the 1st ses-
sion, 31st Congress, when provision was made
for those officers who were entitled to half pay for
life, under the resolution of 1780, and for the non-
commissioned officers and soldiers, who enlisted
for and served to the close of the war.   That dis-
'Bxtrmet from the report of the Accountant of the WarDe-
uartinani, to the Secretary of War, dated 6th of Februry, 1801.
Tho Accountant of the War Department reports, agreeably to
the request of die Secretary of War, in conformity with the
resolution of the House of Representative , of the 2d February,
18M, as far as relates to lots ascertained in his office, in the
teas  occupied by the War Department, destroyed by fire on
Ifet cveainc of tlw Mi November, jspo.   Thai .the paper* de-
cussion is far from affording support to this presump-
tion, which has more recently loiiml lavor in both
Houses i>f Congress. I cast no censure up >n the heirs
olRevolutionary officers who^e claims are multiply-
ing here to such an alarming exten'. They un-
doubtedly come with an honest belu f that they ate
prosecuting equitable claims. They are not ap-
prised of the facts with which it is our duty to be
acquainted; and they are called upon and urged
forward by unscrupulous agen's, who have had ac-
cess to your Depertments and unders'and the mu-
tilated state of your records—asrents.some of whom,
I have reason to believe, first plunder the Govern-
ment, and then plunder the heir. 1 well recollect,
in the year 1833 or 1834, while pacing some time
at the house of a Revolutionary officer, to have
been present when a letter was handed to him,
which excited, manifestly, in his mind, no little as-
tonishment: a was addrefsed to "Lieut.---------, or
his heirs or legal representatives," (fee. The title
was one which he had earned from the ranks, but
with which he had not for many years been sa-
luted. He broke the seal, and found that it was
from one of these gentlemen asents who informed
him that he was entitled to c^mmutauon, and that
he would undeitake to procure it for him for the
moderate compensation of twenty-five per cent, on
the amount ihat shou'd be obtained. "I (said the
venerable man) know more about that trailer than
th; writer of this letter. I received a certificate for
my commutation and receipted for it—it was com-
paratively valueless to me, because my necessities
compelled me to part with it for a trifle;" and he
then adverted to the annuity which he was receiv-
ing under the act of 1828, and which ha regarded
as payment for what he should have received in
1784 in cash. I perfectly remember the opinion
which he expressed at that time, that every officer
who was entitled to the commntation and ever in-
tended to avail himself of it, was settled with be-
fore 1794.
Much light has been thrown upon this subject,
by records obtained from abroad, within the last
few years; and a gentleman abundantly competent
to the task, to whom I am indebted for very inte-
resting and important information, (Hon. Hi and
Hall, of Vermont,) has given to the Virg nia
claims of this character a patient and thorough in-
vestigation-, and the remarkable result is, that he is
now able to show, by documentary and other evi-
dence, that not one of the twenty-nine cam' from
that State, provided for by acts of Coneres , since
1828, have any good foundation.! The truth is,
these cliims from Virginia are like cla ms from
other sections of the country—groundless.
So much for my general views upon this sub-
ject of commutation and seven year*' half pay.
If I do not greatly err, these consideration*, di-
rected against the whole class, so far from being
weakentd, will be fortified, by a careful examina-
tion of every individual claim now pending in both
stroyed were those only which had been lodged in (he 3d story of
the büdmc, and constated as follows, viz:
"Relating to the Account  of the Old Army.
Several cases containing muster and pay rolls, otheis con-
taining accounts and vouchers of sundry Pay-Mast?  and
Agents for paying troops, and one cage containing individual
settlements, made by the late Paymaster General and Com-
missioner of Army Accounts.
These papers could only be of use in the examination of
claims, for services prior to the establishment of the present
Government, which, if not already settled, are all ben red and
foreclosed, by acts of limitation The loss will therefbre not
materially aifect the unsettled account of the United States.
Department op War,
Accountant's Office, October 27, 1<514
Sib: In compliance with the resolution of the House of Re-
presentatives of the 24th insc. this day transmitted to me from
your office, directing the Secretaries of the several Depart-
ments, and the Postmaster General, to communicate to the
House such information as may be in their power, m relation to
the destruction of official books and papers in their respective
Departments, in consequence of the incursions of the enemy in
the month of August, 1814, &c. I have the honor to state, that
the books and pariera belonging to this office were removed at
the time above mentioned, and are now in a state of safety, ex
cepMnga part of the papers and army accounts appertaining to
the Revolutionary war, which had been saved from the flames,
on iheburslngof the house occupied by the War Department
in 1800. When the books and papers of this office were re-
moved, as before mentioned, it was not practicable to obtain
conveyance for all; it was, therefore, determined to leave the
old papers and army accounts, as the loss of those (if any loss
should happen) would be attended with less inconvenience than
of any other papers.
They were in the fire proof room of the office, at the time of
the incursion of the enemy, and when the building was burnt,
Houses of Congress. I will examine, in as little
t'me as possible, those which are the special order
on the prestnt occasion.
The first case is that of the heir of Captain Wil-
liam Williams, to which there are several objec-
tions; but I have troubled the Senate so long, that I
ought in each case to notice but one or two, which
to my mind are conclusive. It is hardly
necessary for me to repeat that, in all these
casos, after ilm lapse of lime, (--ixty years,) I re-
gard a satisfactory explanation of the delay as the
fir.t step to be taken by the applicant*. This the
petitioner has (ailed to furnish; but the Third Au-
ditor has, to my mind, done n in a mo>t satisfactory
manner. In his letter of February 17, 1838, ad-
dressed to my friend, the late lamented Judge
While, he siy«:
' It now appearing, from the petition and commission granted
by Congress, under date of the 13th July, 1779, that Captain
William Williams waian officer 'in thecorps of invalids,' the
records in relation to that corps have been examined, and it is
lound that certificates were issued in lavor of Captain William
Williams, for his pay, iothe4th ol November, 1783, (the end
of the war;) but none appear to have been then issued for his
commutation, which cannot be accounted for, as the Colonel
and several other officers ol the corps received theirs, unless he
ikclmed receiving them, with a view of having his name placed
on the invalid roll, under the icsolves of Congress of the 7ih
June, 17~.". This latter course seems to have been pursued by
Captain Leonard Coopei, who servul as an officerof said corps
to the end of ihe war, and was pan! to the aam,' period that Cap-
tain Williams was paid—say 1th November, 17S3."
Now, sir, that Capt. Williams was entitled to
five years' full pay, or to be placed upon the inva-
lid roll under the resolution of 1785,1 entertain no
doubt; but which, at that period of his life, unem-
barrassed in his circumstance*, would he, as a dis-
creet and sensible man, have selected? Precisely
that which was chosen by Captain Cooper, and un-
doubtedly by himself. Prior to 1789, there is no
record evidence to vhow who were placed upon the
pension roll, and I infer, from the papers, that
Capt. Witliams'died prior to that period. Her.ce,
sir, the presentation ot this claim—the want of re-
cords. Captain Williams received his certificate
f r his pay in November, 1783, as the other officers
of the regiment did, who a'so received at the same
time their commutation. Why did he not receive
his! Why has his commutation claim slumbered
through fifty years, bnt for the reason that, like his
companion, Capt. Cooper, he cho^e to be placed
upon the invalid roll. All I have to say is, that
ihe inference of the Auditor is natural and sensi-
ble, and there is no attempt to exp'ain or rebut it.
The next claim in order is that of the heirs of
Dr. John Ramsey, and is for the seven years'
half pay promised under the resolve of Congress of
August 24,1780.
It would be easy to show, by the construction of
the half-pay resolutions of October 3 and 21,1780,
that he was not entitled; but I preler to answer this
application by reading a report on a bill for the re-
lief of Surgeon David Gould, made July 5,1790;
for I cannot believe that we have gained any spe-
cial wisdom in thi? matter during the fifty years
that have intervened:
"2d Seas. 1st Congress—Report of the committee on the bill-
David Gould, July 5,1790.
"The committee apoointed to considei the "bill to satisfy the
claim of the representatives of David Gould, deceased,
against the United States,' report:
"That the resolution of Congress of May 15,1778, granting
half-pay for seven years to military officers commissioned bfJ
Congress, and the resolution of August, 17S0, extending the pre-
ceding resolution to widows and orphan rmldren of such mili-
tary officers as shall die in the service, do not include the hos.
they remained uninjured by the flames But the room havinS
been entered by some persons soon after the building was de"
stroyed, the papers were deranged, and many of them nn-
donbtedly destroyed or carried away at that time; but it is not
p «sible to identity those which may have been thus destroyed.
When the public papers were brought back to the city of
Washington, the remainder of those papers (by far the larger
part of the whole) were removed to the House now occupied
as the Accountant's Office.
It is not probable that the loss of those papers can have any
effect m.the adjustment of the unsettled accounts of the united
States, as the claims (if any) which might arise under them,
have been barred by act of limitation.
With very great respect,
I have the honor to be, sir,
Your most obedient servant,
TOBIAS LEAR.
The Hon. Secretary of War.
tAt this point, several cases were introduced, where large
sums had been paid by the Government, under special acts of
Congress, and in which incontestable record evidence was stated
to show that they were without foundation, either in law o
equity; but, as those and many more similar cases are present
in the able and elaborate report of Mr   Hall, published  *\
the debate, [HouseDoc. No. 436,] that is respectfully rel*|
to,                                                                          .
