April, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4éd
26th CowG""1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Clifford.
H. of Reps.
pital departments of the army, nor the widows and orphans of
that description of officers. And as the grant in this bill ap-
pears to be founded on those resolutions, the committee are of
opinion, that to agree to this bill would be implicitly acknow-
ledging a claim not founiled in contract, and, by its precedents,
might open the door for numerous applications for gratuities
not stipulated by the resolves of Congress. Therefore that the
bill oueht to be disagreed to in Senate."
This report, as ap/ears by the journal, was
adopted by the Senate without a division.
I am sure I might well enough rest the objections
to the claim of the heirs of Dr. Ramsey here; but
I will now show that if " the hospital departments"
were embraced in the provisions of the resolution
of 1780, Dr. Ramsey was not of the number in-
cluded. In a letter of April 24, 1840, the Third
Auditor says:
" Since writing to you yesterday, I have had reference to a
list of payments made by the State of Virginia, to the officers
of her State line and navy, (which list is on file in the Pension
Office,) and I find theretrom that John Rumsey was settled
with on the 4th of July, 1783, as a Surgeon in the State line.
It consequently follows that his widow was not entitled to the
seven years' half pay granted by the resolution of Congress of
the 24ih August, 1780, to the widows and children of such offi-
cers of the Continental army as should die in ihe service."
Comment is unnecessary, when, as in this case,
the claim is doubly refuted.
The next bill is that for the relief of the heirs of
Dr. Frederick Seigle. They claim, as in the pre-
ceding case, seven years, half pay. The general
objection stated in the case of Dr. Gould in 1790,
obtains equally here. But I desire to notice one or
two things in the printed report before me. After
stating the general grounds of the claim, the com-
mittte adduce certain testimony, and they say:
" 1st. A certified copyof papers filed in the Executive De-
partment of Virginia, at Richmond, showing that it was proved
in Frederick county court, in August, 1784, by a certificate of
General Muhlenburg, that Frederick Seigle was Surgeon to
the 8th Virginia regiment, and died in service; also, the certifi-
cate of Captain Thomas Barry, of the same regimeut, to the
same facts, dated March 29,1797."
Sir, if I had no other ground for doubt, this first
item of evidence would be sufficient to induce me
to call for a full and satisfactory explanation. For
what purpose was this testimony taken in
1784, but to establish this claim of Dr. Seigle to
the seven years'half pay? And if taken for that
purpose, why was it not successful? Again: the
committee have, among the items of their testimony,
the following:                                          -
"6th. A letter from the Third Auditor of the Treasury, show-
ing that the seven years' half pay promised to the widow and
orphans has not been paid, in the case of Dr. Seigle, by the
United States."
Now, Mr. President, notice if you please what
the Third Auditor does say; and I introduce it, not
to meet this fifthitem of testimony, but to show the
reason why the testimony set lorth in the first item
taken in the Frederick county court cannot be avail-
' ing. In his letter of the 17th Janunry, 1837, ad-
dressed to the chairman of the Committee on Re-
volutionary claim?, the Third Auditor says:
"In reply, I have to state that I have carefully examined all
the records in this office, including such of the original muster
rols of the eighth Virginia regiment, as have been preserved,
without finding any evidence that Dr Frederick Seigle rendered
any service in that regiment as a surgeon. I have also ex-
amined registers of payments on file in the pension office made
by the State of Virginia to her Continental and State lines; but
the name of Dr. Seigle does not appear on either of them.
There is, therefore, no record evidence here e.ther of the ser-
vices or death of Dr. Seigle."
This is theletter of the Auditor referred to in the
fifth item of testimony above cited; and I must be
psrmitted to say, that it appears to me not to have
Men set forth in all Jab nest; but it shows one thing
very clearly—the reason why this evidence taken in
Frederick court, in 1784, was not deemed suffi-
cient; but of this there is still more evidence in the
lefer of the Auditor, under dale of January 31,
1837, in the following words:
"I have the honor to state, in reply to your letter of the 30th
instant, that it appears from the records in this office, that Cor-
nelius Baldwin was a Sureeon in the eighth Virginia regiment,
from the 20th of May, 1777. There are no rolls of the eighth
• regiment on file in this office, subsequent to December, 1779,
up to which time Dr. Baldwin appears to have been the sur-
geon of that regiment. Dr. Baldwin served to the end ofihe
war, and received commutation, but i he final settlement that
was made with him does not show what regiment he was at-
tached to when the war closed. The presumption, however,
is, that he continued in the eighth regiment. The records do
not show any other other surgeon to have belonged to that regi-
ment at any time during the war."
A bill for the relit f of Ensign James McCrory,
of the 9th regiment North Carolina line, for com-
mutation.
I have examined the papers in vain to
find any satisfactory evidence that he was.entitled
under the resolvss of 1780 and 1783.   The only
documentary evidence of his ever having been a
continen'al officer, is furnished by the certificate of
the Secretary of State of North Carolina, showing
that he was appointed Ensign in the 9th regiment
May 2d, 1777, and omitted from the roll of the regi-
ment in January, 1778. The natural inference
from this fact would be, that he left the service by
resignation at that time. The explanation which
he himself gives of his leaving the service is, that
when the nine North Carolina regiments were re-
duced to three, he became a supernumerary. Tiiis
was in the fall of 1778; and if he did become a su-
pernumerary at that time, his claim is clearly un-
founded, as none who left ihe service prior to the
reduction of the army under the provisions of the
resolution? of October, 1780, were entitled to that
provision. The parol testimony, taken in 1820,
and on which McCrory seems to have obtained
his land allowance from Noith Carolina, appears
insufficient to show a continuance of his service to
the end of the war in the continental line. A por-
tion of it is sta'ed to havs been in the nine months'
service; the residue wa* probably in the milnia.
Experience has shown that little reliance is to be
placed on parol testimony, taken forty years after
the alleged service, especially when it is contra-
dicted by the fact of the dropping of the name of
the officer from the roll of the army long before the
close of the war. It will be observed in this case,
that the claimant relies solely upon parol evidence,
which is contradicted by documentary evidence,
and that no reason whatever is assigned for the
ong delay.
The only remaining case to be considered on the
present occasion, is that of the representatives of
John Jordan, and I have only examined the papers
so far as to ascertain, that he was a Captain in the
corps of artillery artificer?; because it appears
from decisions as early as 1785, that the ancestor
was not embraced in the provisions of what are
familiarly denominated the commutation resolu-
tions. The petition of Captain John Jordan was
early referred to the commissioner for settling ar-
my accounts, and o^ the 9ih of August, 1785, the
commissioner reported, "That there are no exist-
ing resolutions of Congress, in his opinion, on
which ihe petitioner can found a claim of thecom-
mutation, in lieu of the half pay for life, and
therefor?, if such a grant should be made, it will
be necessary to ad <pt a new principle respecting
the corps of artificers." An appeal, it seems, was
taken from the commissioner to Congress, and on
the 19th of October, 1785, a committee of the
House of Representatives made a report confirm-
ing the decision ot ihe commissioner. They de-
clare, in the conclusion of their report, "That the
officers in the late corps of artificers, in the seivice
of the United States, are not entitled to half pay,
or to commutation of half pay."
In 1788 the Secretary of the Department of War
declares, "That ih¡s dec:sion respecting artificers,
was conformable to the several resolves of Con-
gress, respecting the objects of the half pay."
In 1790, the subject was brought to the notice of
General Knox, then Secretary of War, and on the
19th of March, in that year, he communicated a
letter to the House of Representatives, in which he
reiers to the report of the Committee of the House,
before adverted to, and says: "That the ia;d deci-
sion appears to the Secretary of War to have been
conformable to the several previous resolves of
Congress, rela'ive 'o the object of half pay; and
that the same ought to be final " That among the
eijhty-six bills passed since 1828, a precedent may
be found for each of the cases we have now con-
sidered, there is little doubt; but I trust the Senate
will net deliberately reverse, in favor of represent-
atives, decisions thus solemnly made, and again
and again affirmed nearly sixty years since against
the ancestor.
If any apology be necessary for the time I have
occupied, it will be fuund in the importance ef the
question, both to the Government and the claim-
ants, and in the fact that, at the last session, thitty-
six claims of this character obtained favorable re-
ports in the two Houses of Congress, but having
received no final decision, will come up again be-
fore the adjournment to demand at least one hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars from yottr Treasu-
ry. I thank Senators for the patient attention with
which they have listened to me upon a sabject
hitherto regarded with so much indifference, and I
am the mere gratified, because I cannot but regard
the diligence and care given to the various reports
made to this body during the present session, how-
ever unimportant in the amount involved, as a new
era in the history of oar private legislation; an era
from which, as I trust, is to commence a system of
just, but rigid economy. No men discourse so
elaborately of extravagance and profusion as the
members of the two Houses of Congress, and yet,
as every intelligent citizen knows, the very thing
comp'ained of has its origin in this Capitol.
Whether the event will show that I have been able,
on this occasion, to contribute any thing in the way
of arresting an increasing and unwarrantable drain
upm the Treasury, is perhaps doubtful; but no re-
sult can deprive me of the consciousness of having
discharged a duty due to the hone3t and tax paying
people who sent me here.
SPEECH OF MR. CLIFFORD,
OF MAINE,
In the House of Representatives, April 24, 1840—In
Committee of the Whole, on the General Ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. CLIFFORD desired to make a few remarks
chiefly in reply to what had been said by others,
and consequently not immediately applicable to the
subject betote the committee.   He then spoke in
substance as follows: It would have beea mors
gratifying to me, if this debate had been confined
to the usual range of parliamentary discussion,
embracing the various propositions contained in
the bill under consideration, and excluding a great
variety of party topics that have been introduced,
well calculated to protract the session, and delay
the public business, without producing any corre-
sponding benefit. The history of this session alone
is amply sufficient to satisfy every reflecting mind,
that there must be some limitation to debate in a
deliberative body, so numerous as the House of Re-
presentatives, to facilitate the progress of business,
and to  preserve order and decorum among its
members; and that the only practicable mode of
doing this, i i by a careful observance of the rules
of the House, which should always be enforced,
when occasion requires, to promote these desirable
objects.  These remarks are not made in any spirit
of complaint towards the Chair, for it is not un-
known to me that every effort to restrain irregular
debate has been met from certain quarters with a
determined resistance or a chilling support, and
the best reason I have heard assigned for it, is
the one given by the gentleman from Virginia,
Mr.  Wise, that " latitude in debate is the life
of the Opposition;" and if so, no one can feel
less   inclined    than    myself,    especially    after
that  frank  avowal, to incur the charge of at-
tempting or desiring to destroy the vital princi-
ple of a great and powerful party.   If latitude
in debate is desired, so let it be, with this under-
standing, that those who seek to introduce it shall
have the responsibility.   If the Democratic party
cannot stand upon a full discussion, let it fall; but
it cannot be expected that the discussion will be
confined to one   side.     It is  not my  habit to
wander from the question, unless it becomes ne-
cessary to do so as a matter of defence.   If any
apology is necessary on the present occasion, it
will be found in the remarks of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr.  Saltsonstall,]   who
went into an extended and ingenious argument,
and, as I thought at the time, in defence of the
Hartford Convention and of the principles and mea-
sures of the Federal party.   Be that as it may, he
now disclaims having done so.     If his expla-
nation is not now misapprehended, be then said, as a
matter of expediency, he would not attempt their
defence, though he admits that he participated in
the proceedings which laid the foundation for the
convention.   His precise language is orno im-
portance.     I cheerfully accept the «*£ "«•
But, in other respects,   I   *an°°' ^í?e£
The gentleman himself will not deny  that  ha
assured the House  and _ the   connUy Jatjhe
members of that convention had been censured
SS^ttot, during an angry contutor certain
