26th Cok6""1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Appropriation BUI—Mr. Clifford.
April, 1840.
H. ot Reps.
great constitutional pnncip'es, their designs had
been miNunderstiol, and  that their motives had
been mi repre-*nted, and that he repudiated the
n<ea that the   Federal   party  ever contemplated
the A s-o'ution of the Union.    He seem¿ to th'nk
it unkind on th  part of his colleague  to rake
up the^e old  affair*, and   s*ys   he has scarcely
thoush' ot" ihetn lor the last twenty year , which,
to sa\ the leas' ot it, i  a little remarkable, for if I
am i o'  grea lv deceived,  he has been intima ely
conn-c ed wit1  the Federal party in. Massachusetts
I rom 1813 to the present time, advocating the same
pnncif'-s,  and maintaining   the   same   poltt cal
asocial ons.    By the way of remembrance, in the
cours* ot my remarks, I  will endeavor to refresh
hi^ recollection upon certain matters of history,
which,  to my mind, afford the nuM  conclusive
evidence that certain leaders ot that party, during
the  lass war with Great Britain, and  for several
years prior, covering the period from 1800 to the
treaty of peace in  15*14, were guilty of unceasing
efforts ti excite the people of New England to open
retxlion and resistance of the Federal Govern-
ment, and actually plotted a  dissolution of   the
Union and the establishment of a Northern con-
federacy  under the auspices of British protection;
and that in all this they were actuated by that
inordinate thirst for power and inveterate hatred
of free principles, which are the essential elements
of Federalism i'self.    But as I propose to speak of
the principles and measures of the two great poli-
lineal   parties which have existed in this country
f oni the fonndation of the Government to the pre-
sent time, an J which, from the very nature of our
initi'o i ns and the structure of the social order
itselt, it is reasonable to believe, will ever co tmue
to exist, at ltast till "the lion and the lamb «hall lie
down together," I  wilt touch upon those matters
in the order of events in which they oecurgld.   The
first organization of partes took place áfuring the
latter  pirt of   General Washington?! adminis-
tra ion, who bad been nfice elected §a the Chief
Magstracy   of the   nation by   theAponUnfous
and unanimous suffrages óf the people, and,  in
apile of the radical and irreeoncileabté differences of
opm'oo, which are known to have/existed among
the leading minds of that; evenUrul period, con-
tinued to enjoy, to the very c'oseJbf his last term,
the uninterrupted confidence of MA classes of men.
In their origin, these differences of opinion in-
volved nearly opposite views'  to the  model and
form ot Government which the exigencies  of the
time demanded, with reference to its operation up-
on the frame and structure of society, and its ten-
dency to promote  the individual happiness and
prosperity of the people, and, at ihe same time, to
afford sufficient strength and efficiency to  insure
domestic tranquillity, and to provide for the com-
mon defence.   The natural tendency of these con-
flicting views, after the adoption of the Constitu-
tion, leJ their respective adherents to widely dif-
ferent rules of interpretation of the instrument it-
self, in ihe application of it to the purposes for
which it had been formed.   This gave rise to party
organization, which, with slight modifications and
occasional interruptions, has continued to this day.
Far be it from me to íasinoate that there was any
want of patriotic feeling, or of upright intention, in
the conduct of any member of the convention that
framed the Constitution; and candor will oblige me
ta admit, that it is by no means certain that much
of 'he dis'rust of the virtue and intelligence of
the people, which alt must admit was   evinced
in thai assembly by a portion of its most efficient
members,  may not be traced to causes long since
removed by the light of experience, and yet whi'e
ibry existed, affording at least strong palliation for
me mi «conceptions which they occasioned.   How-
ever this may be, it is nevertheless true, that the
master spin  and father of Federalism, Alexander
Ham ilton.was strongly inclined to the British system
of Go merriment, and indeed its open advocate for rea-
sons en irely consistent with the parity ot motive
whi-h ha  usually been ascribed to him; for it has
b>en «)iil that  he verily  believed it "to lorm the
best model  the world ever produced," and if so,
no one will censure his motives, though I imagine
few among us can be found, that dare vindicate
tail principles, however similar their own may be
in effect. He distrusted the capacity ot ihe people
ft r self-government, ant believed m the nece^fcty
of a strong Executive power to cont.ol what he
cilled "ihe turbulence ot Derm cracj," and it was
the Executive feature of the Butish system, above
all ethers, that excited his admiration, as being
above the reach of improvement. Observe his íe-
marks:
"Ske the excellence of the Brit i-h Executive he is plaied
above temptation Nothing-hull ol em nan Executive (a Ki ig)
can beeftuient I con f*a tin pi in ol Givunment whirh 1
propevse is verv i emote Horn the i. ciofthe ) eople Nothing
but a permtuunt body [ol lilt Usislatorsl can check theimpru
dence ol the Demoiney 1 lie people aie tuihulent anil
changing, they seldom jud"eot iuermine risht, an 1, a<;on,
all poll u at communities ougitt to be divided into ihe lew and
the many the lust are the rich and well born, the o her the
nuusot the people '
The same want of confidence in the sovereign
voice of the people to institute and upho'd the ma-
chinery of Government through ihe medium of
their constituted agents, is disc iverable throughout
his public career It is impossible 'o misunder-
stand the scope and bearing of his remarks against
the weakness and insiabiliiy of R-publican institu-
tions. Upon thi  point.as upon all others,he descanted
with great freedom and boldness. He undertoi k
to demonstrate from experience that th<*ir inevita-
ble tendency woukí lead to anarchy and civil com-
motion, from which he argued their inefficiency to
promote the durable happiness and prosperity of a
great and rising people.
"I despair that any Republican form of Government can re
move the difficulties that Greece and Rome encountered I
have well considered the subject, and am well convinced that no -
amendment ofi'ie articles of conftdsrntion can answer the our
poses of a good Government, s  lonj ai th3 Slate Governments
do m any shape exist "
The more recent publication of his speech va-
nes the language, but does not change the sente.
He is made to say, that—
"This view of the sul jsct almost led him to despair that
a Republican Government could be established over se
grea' an extent He was sensible, at the samt time, that
it would tie tinwue to propose t.ne of any other firm In his
private opinion he had no «crupié in declaring, supported as he
was by so many of the wi e ami the good, that the British Go
vemment wa* ihe best in the world, a id that he doubted whe
therany thins short of it would do m \merica The House of
Lords is a most nob.e institution Having nothing to hope for
bv a change, and a sufficient ínteres , by means oi their pro-
perty, in being faithful to the national interest, they form a per-
manent barrier against every pernicious innovation, whether at-
tempted on the part of the Crown or of the Commons No
temporary Senate will have firmness enough to answer the
purpose '
Deriving his opinions from the study of the mo-
narchies of Europe, and especially of England,
where the voice of the people had been little consi-
dered, and, consequently, was greatly underva-
lued, he was thoroughly persuaded that nothing
short of a President and Senate for life, or during
good behavior, which, for all practical purpose^, is
the same thing, could ever obviate the defects, or,
to any extent, supply the deficiencies which expe-
rience had demonstrated to be inherent in the art>-
cles of Confederation. His plan of Government,
as it has been called, was the third in ihe order of
time that was presented to the convention. It was
on this occasion that heexpre-sed his opinions with
so much freedom, as well as with masterly ability;
and throughout his life he evinced one characteris-
tic which does not belong to Federalism of modern
date, he sparned duguise, and always evinced a
willingness to present to his opponents a clear and
distinct i--sue. He despised truckling and hypocri-
sy, and never sought to change his name or con-
ceal his principles. He was bitterly opposed to the
State Governments, and he did not hesitate to
avow that hostility on every suitable occasion. In
«peaking of the different propositions that had pre-
ceded his own, he remarked ' that the States, by
either, will have the means to counteract tbe Ge-
neral Government. They have the.r S'ate judges
and militia all combined to oppose a National Go-
vernment."
"Either plan is, therefore, precarious. The Na-
tional Government cannot long exist, when oppos-d
by such a weighty rival " While it is no part of
my intention to derogate, in the slightest degree,
from the merit of the honorab'p dead, I beg leave
toiay, «hat few w.ll deny who h tve anv regard to
trntn; that ihe sentiments so lreely advanced by
Hamilton are known to have been entertained—-in
some instances, perhap , with slight modification—
by very many of the leaders of the Federal party,
at the period of the adoption of the Constitution;
and mat they were openly acknowledged by the
more honest and candid, until their defeat, in 1800,
in itie eleci on ot Mr. Jefleison. If there was any
concealment of their disbelief in the stab luy of a
Republican form of Government, or if ibrir want
ol confidence in Ihe capacity of the people to go-
vern themselves, before that time, it is unknown to
me. It was nr t until it was ascertained that the
views and (clings cf a great majority f f the peo-
ple were aver>e to such pnnc pies, and that those
who entertained ihem would be excluded (rom any
participant n in the pub'ic councils of the nation,
that the subterluges and disguises of the present
time began to be introduced. Examine the speech
of Mr. Morris: it is no les  explicit, and equally
candid and free of disguise. "The second branch
of the Legisla'ure ought to be composed of men
of great and established property—an aristocracy!
men who, from pride, support permanency. To
make them completely independent, (of the peo-
ple,) they must b  chosen for life. Such an aristo-
cratic body would keep down the turbulence of
Democracy."
Similar views were taken by Mr. Read, another
distinguished Federalist in that convention. He
maintained that a State Government is incompati-
ble with a General Government, and the elder
Adams, though not in the convention, was subse-
quently supported by that party for the Presidency,
"by his being likely to unite the votes of New
England, by his favor with the English party, from
his speculative views concerning the British consti-
tution;" and the remark has'been frequently as-
cribed to him, that it was the true policy of the
common people to place the whole executive power
in one man, though I have not been able to find
the authority upon which the charge rests. The
plan of Mr. Hamilton, to which I have adverted,
will be found in the Madison Papers, recently pub-
lished, from which I beg leave to read a few ex-
tracts:
srsona elected to serve during good
s made by electors, chosen for that
' The Senate to consist oft
behavior, their election to I
purpose by the people ' *
"Th
the supreme executive authority of the United State* to he
vested m a governor, to be elected to serve during good beha-
vior, the election to he made by electors, chosen by the people
in the Wccnon districts The authority and function! of the ex-
ecutive to be as follows to have a negative on all laws about to
be passed and the execution of all laws passed "
But it is useless to multiply extracts to prove
what is very generally acknowledged by those
who have taken the trouble to investigate, and
have ihe honesty to admit, the truth, that very
many of the old Federalists were openly in
favor of a system of Government not very dif-
ferent from that of the mother country, which,
to use the language of the elder Adams,
they regarded as "the most stupendous fabric of
human wisdom." In treating of the same subject,
the late Matthew Carey remarks, "that the Federal
party made every possible exertion to increase the
energy and add to the authority of the General
Government, and to endow it with powers at the
expense of the State Governments and the people.
Bearing strongly in mind the disorders and con-
vulsions of some of the ill balanced Republics of
Greece and Italy, their sole object of dread ap-
peared to be the inroads of anarchy; and as man-
kind too generally find it difficult to steer the mid-
dle course, thsir apprehensions of ihe Scylla of
anarchy effectually bunded them to the Charyb-
dis of despotism. Had they possessed a complete
ascendency in «he convention, it is possible they
would have fallen into the opposite extreme to that
which decided the tenor of the Constitution. This
party was divided among themselves; a small, but
very active, division weie monarchists, and utterly
disbelieved in the efficacy or security of a Re-
publican form of Government, especially in a ter-
ritory so extensive as that of the United States,
embracing so numerous a population as were to
be taken into the account at no distant period."
It is a well-known fact that needs no confirmation,
that the present Constitution was more ihe result of
compromise, induced by the emgtnces pf the
country at the period ol its f >rmain>n, and dicta rd
by a spirit of concil ation and const íentions obedi-
ence to the will of ihe majority, which characte-
rized the conduct of its lramers at every stage
of their proceedings, than   the exponent of the
