3f«
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th ConG""1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Clifford.
April, 1840.
H. of Reps.
all times, the surest test is to look at the principles.
The struggle that ensued, it must be admitted on
all sides, was one for principle. The Bank, or
Federal party, supported the elder Adams for rea-
sons which I have before stated; the Democratic
party supported Mr. Jefferson. The former suc-
ceeded by a majority of three votes. That Ad-
ministration has bees emphatically denominated
"the reign of terror." The alien and seditioB laws
were among the tyrannical measures which served
to awaken the people to a sense of the danger
with which they were surrounded. The liberty of
speech and the press was invaded, under the pre-
tence of affording protection to public officers
against the strictures of party, and the prevalent
disposition to slander and decry the Government;
rights heretofore held sacred were forgotten, like
the dreams of the night, in the shameless prosecu-
tions for alleged violations of this "gag law," and
the most open and barefaced infractions of the so-
cial compact were perpetrated with impunity, until
"all confidence was lost in the midst of fear and
apprehension." Perhaps it is not going too far to
say that these several measures were partly in-
_ ducedby, if not the necessary consequence of, the
sympathies and attachments of the party that sus-
tained them to a system of national power, in con-
formity with the Constitution and laws of Gfeat
Britain, which they had long desired to see esta-
blished in this country, and which excited so much
of their admiration. The sedition law was carried
into effect, and enforced in some instances with
great severity.
The case of Matthew Lyon was one of pe-
culiar aggravation, and, as a sample of the
bitter persecutions under that odious law, deserves
to be more fully considered. From his account of
the transaction, which is believed to be correct, he
was indicted, among other things equally harmless,
for publishing that, " as to the Executive, when I
shall see the efforts of that power bent on the pro-
motion of the comfort and happiness, and the ac-
commodation ef the people, that Executive shall
V have my zealous and uniform support; but when-
ever I shall, on the part of the Executive, see
every consideration of the public welfare swallowed
up in a continued grasp for power, and an un-
bounded thirst for ridiculous pomp, foolish adula-
tion, and selfish avarice, &c. I shall not be their
humble advocate." Upon this accusation, and others
of no greater irapoit in my estimation, a pliant,
packed, political jury, selected for the purpose,
under the direction of a party judge, inheriting the
spirit of a Jeffries, and influenced with anglo-aris-
tocratic zeal, brought in a verdict of "guilty." The
author goes on to say, that in consequence of this
unjustifiable verdict, and the subsequent cruel
judgment, he was contumaciously dragged out of
his own county, where a decent jail was at the
disposal of the National Government, and in an
ignominious manner carried fifty miles, and in a
bad state of health, thrown into a dismal dungeon,
the common receptacle of robbers, thieves, and
murderers; and when three thousand citizens peti-
tioned for his release, they were told by the Presi-
dent, that submission must precede pardon.
In 1800 the success of the Democratic party was
complete. The voice of the people triumphed over
the slanders and falsehoods which had been
heaped upon the candidate of their choice.
Thomas Jefferson was elected President. I will
pass over the characteristic intrigue of the Fede-
ral party after their defeat in the attempt to elevate
to that station an individual they had uniformily
despised, and who had not received one vote of the
people with the view to any such elevation, for
the sole purpose of trampling under foot the
solemnly expressed voice of the nation. It has
become proverbial that. traitors from the Demo-
cratic ranks|find favor with our opponents, of which
we hare some high examples in modern times.
This gloriosa event was hailed with great joy by
the friends of equal rights, in all parts of the coun-
try, as the harbinger of better days; and no one
ever had occasion to say that his most sanguine
expectations.were not fully realized in the radical
change of policy that ensued. The schemes for
undermining the Constitution were defeated, and
the Government restored to its primitive parity.
But if it were desirable, it is not within the scope
of my present design to speak very minutely of the
great and salutary reform that immediately follow-
ed in the administration of public affairs. No Ad-
ministration ever commenced under more favora-
ble auspices, and none ever more fully lived up to
the professions on which it was created, or contri-
buted more largely to lay the lasting foundations of
Republican freedom: it was praised at the time by
its friends, and it has since been eulogized by its ene-
mies; and now, after the lapse of forty years, it is
matter of grave dispute among us who shall be
considered its followers. On this last point I shall
have something to remark before I sit down—at
present I wish to deal further with its opponents.
The next fourteen years, embracing the period of
the embargo^non-intercourse.and the late war with
Great Britain, is one of great interest and full of
instruction as to the motives and designs of the Fe-
deral party; their whole course, without interrup-
tion, was marked by a reckless opposition to the
Government of the people, and reems to
have been dictated by two leading mo-
tives—thirst for power and implacable ha
tred of incumbents in office; and their principa'
weapons of attack were falsehood, deception, an<
calumny. All their efforts were directed to on^
object, which is sufficiently disclosed in theii
motto, which was very generally adopted, thai
"the Administration must come down." It wai
no less true at that time than it is now, that about
two-thirds of the political journals published in
New England were opposed to the Administration,
as well as the great proportion of wealth. It has
been said, and I doubt not with truth, that for
years not a single number of the Boston Centinel,
Repertory, &c. were published free from attacks of
the most vilifying ^character on the Administration
—every act of the President was misrepresented,
and the most unholy and pernicious means-were
constantly employed to excite the prejudices of the
people, against every public functionary, however
elevated or humble. A large proportion of the weal-
thiest men in the community were combined in a
flagitous effort to tear down the pillars of the Go-
vernment, which had been erected at so great a
sacrifice in the Revolutionary struggle for indepen-
dence, not only by throwing every obstacle and
embarrassment in their power in the way of its
administraren, but, as the sequel will show, by
obstructing and harassing all its endeavors
to protect and defend the national honor, and
finally coalescing with its ancient and inve-
rate foe. Now, if this was patriotism, then these
men were patriotic, and not otherwise.
This is not mere supposition—it is historical fact,
and susceptible of the clearest demonstration; and
I will freely acknowledge that it is not so much my
object at this time to detain the committee with any
remarks of my own, as to exhibit to the country
anew the proofs of some of these allegations. This
has become necessary, in consequence of the de-
nial which has been made. Let us see whether
this party has been misrepresented, and examine
into their boasted patriotism. If I mistake not, it
will be found to have consisted for aseries of years
in sympathy for the interests and designs of a fo-
reign power, in opposition to the interests and
honor of their own country. The conduct of Eng-
land towards the United States had been one unin-
terrupted course of aggression and violation of na-
tional faith. Jealousy and ill will were the predo-
minant features of her policy. She had on many
occasions, and in the grossest manner, violated the
treaty of peace. She had declined a treaty of com-
merce—she had impressed our seamen—she had
instigated the savage tribes to tomahawk and scalp
American citizens—she had stimulated the merce-
nary and piratical of all nations to prey upon our
unprotected commerce—and, in a word, "she had
insulted our flag, and pillaged our trade in every
quarter of the world." Of the many violations of
the laws of nations perpetrated by Great Britain, I
will only glance at some of the most glaring, and
those in an especial manner which had the most in-
fluence upon political parties at home, among
which were the impressment of our seamen, under
the pretence of right to search American vessels
for deserters from the British navy, and the order 
in council of the 16th of May, 1806, and the 11th of
November, 1807.
The right of search had been claimed and wan-
tonly exercised for many years, and had been re-
peatedly made the subject of remonstrance as far
back as 1792. Both parties had complained of its
injustice and of the iniquity of th« practice, and
had uniformly regarded it as a violation of the
laws of nations. It is difficult to estimate the ex-
tent to which this outrage upon the rights and li-
berties of American seamen was carried. It has
been estimated that, at the date of the declaration
of war, on the 18th of June, 1812, not less than
fourteen thousand persons had been seized upon the
high seas and dragged from their lawful employ-
ment and homes. The British officer on board be-
came at once the captor, accuser, witness, and
judge, and yet one of the patriotic committees of
the Massachusetts Legislature, for the double pur-
pose of excusing Great Britain and casting re-
proach upon the Administration, reported that there
were but eleven Massachusetts sailors on board
the vessels of his Britannic Majesty in June, 1812.
The object of the orders in council, of the 16:h
of May, 1806, was to blockade the coast of Ger-
many, Holland, and France, from Elbe to Brest,
a distance oí eight hundred miles. It was a mere
paper blockade, in direct violation of the laws of
nations, and a highhanded outrage of the
neutral rights of the United States. The
order in council, of the 11th of Novem-
ber, 1807, was issued professedly as a re-
taliation for the Berlin deeree of France,
whereby all neutral vessels, bound to France or
her dependencies, or to any port from which Bri-
tish vessels were excluded, and all vessels furnish-
ed with French consular certificates, were declared
liable to seizure and condemnation; but their real
design was to compel the United States to declare
war against our friend and ally in the Revolution-
ary struggb for independence; and in this design
the Federal party concurred. These measures
were destructive to -the rights and interests of the
United States, and especially to the commercial
class, who were in a great measuredriven from the
ocean, and a lucrative trade, for no other purpose
than to administer to the cupidity and malice of
the "mistress of the Sfa;" and yet, strange as it
may seem, many concurred in the general design,
while at the same time they cal'ed loudly upon
their own Government to relieve them from the
embarrassments which it produced. Parties were
divided as to the causes of their distress; but all
demanded redress, and condemned the aggressions,
and none were more clamorous than the very men
that subsequently opposed every effort of the Go-
vernmentin the most treasonable manner, to rescue
our national interests from the ruin which must
have ensued if no counteracting remedies had
been adopted. Before this, Mr. Jefferson had been
opposed with the usual billingsgate of party war-
fare; he had been denounced as a Jacobin, as an
enemy to social order and religion; he had been ac-
cused of immorality and infidelity, and all the usual
accusations of that party; he was now charged with
weakness and imbecility, and even cowardice; and
every measnre was resorted to, to goad his admi-
nistration into resistance of the high-handed and
oppressive pretensions and outrages of the parent
country. Negotiation had failed. Three expedi-
ents only were left to be tried—embargo, non-inter-
course, and war. The merchants preferred the for-
mer, or, at all events, were willing to leave the
whole subject to the constituted authorities. To this
effect they certainly expressed themselves in their
various petitions for redress.
It is sufficient to know that they demanded re-
dress, and admit, if you please—for I believe it is
true—they professed to be willing to leave to the
decision of Congress the remedy to be prescribed.
Public meetings were held in all the principal cities,
and memorials to Congress adopted, setting forth
the.r grievances in glowing color , and pledging
their aid and support in the most solemn manner, to
any measure of relief which the wisdom of that
body miaht judge expedient. The Federal mer-
chants of Boston were among the first to memo-
rialize Congress, and demand redress. I ask leave
to read a few passages from that paper.
