4M
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, i«40.
fi6TH CoMS«« l3T 8ms.
Appropriation BUI—Mr. CI fibril.
H of Rep8
'4 leai  that the Governor uf ih  Stat* (Vermont) la now
visitnut the towua in the northern sections ol it, and makes no
■secret of his determination, as couimander-tn-chiet of the mi-
litia, to re/use obedience to any comma ml from the General
Gureruiuem, winch ear tend to mierrupt ihe good understand-
ing that prevail  between the ciuiena of Vermont and his Ma-
jesty '  subjects in Canada.''
Again, he says-:
"Notwiilwtartdmi, while there is «vary reason to hope thai
the Northern Suites, in their distinct capacity, will unite, and
leeistby forcea war with great Britain, great pains are taken
riy men at talents and intelligence !o confirm the (ears of ihe
common people «s to the concurrence ot the Southern Demo-
crats in the project* ol France, and erety thins tends to en-
courage the beliel that the dissolution ol the Confederacy will
beacceierai dby tha spirit which now actuates both parties."
In an> ther leuer, he observe*:
"The Federal party declare, that, in the event of a war, the
tan of Vermont will treat separately for itself with Great Bri-
tain, and support, to the utmost of the stipulations into which
it may enter, without any regard to the policy of the Ge-
neral Government."
Under date of March 5, 1809, he says:
"1 have sufficient means of information to enable me to judge
of the proper period for offering the co operation of Great Bri-
tain, and opening* correspondence between the Governor-Ge-
neral of British America and those individuals who, from the
par  hey take in the'imposition to the National Government, or
the influence they may possessin any new otderof things that
may grow out or the present difference, should be qualified to
act in" behalf ol the Northern Slates."
Boston, March 7, he again writes:
'1 have already given a decided opinion that a declaration of
war is not to tie expected; but, contrary to all reasonable calcu-
lations, should the Congress possess spirit and independence
enough to place their popularity in jeopardy by so stiange a
measure, the Legislature of Massachusetts will give the tone to
the neighboring "¡States—will declare itself permanent until a
new election of members—invite a Congress, to be composed of
delegates from the Federal States, and effect a separate Go-
vernment for their common defence and common interest.
Tills Congress would probably besin by abrogating the often-
art laws, and adopting a plan of Government for the mainte-
nance of the power and authority assumed. They would, by
such an act, be in a condition to make or receive proposals
from Great Britain."
This letter discloses a very remarkable fact,
which cannot be passed over without notice. Five
years before the time of the Hartford Convention,
this British agent inferms his superior of the oat-
line of the plan which was subsequently attempted,
aad partly carried into success, and whch mien'
have succeeded at the adjourned meeting which
was to have been held in the following summer,
bnt for the triumph of our arms at the battle of
New Orleans, and the news of the treaty of peace
that immediately succeeded. He states not only
some of the important details of the convention,
as it actually took place, several years after, bnt
the motives that would induce it, and the general
objects that were to be accomplished, one of which
was a separate Government fur their common de-
fence and common interest.
It is unreasonable to believe that this informa-
tion was manufactured for the purpose of deceiv-
ing his employer; and especially is it so, as the
facts and speculations which he communicates
have since become matters of history, at least to a
very considerable extent, and doubtless would have
been fu ly attempted, if not successfully carried
into operation, but for the providential evenis of
which 1 have spoken, that prevented their execu-
tion, and overwhelmed their projectors with eter-
nal disgrace and infamy. But, sir, I have ether
testimony equally conclusive, if not of a higher
nature, that Í will submit to the committee, with-
out remark or commentary:
Mr. Jtffenon to Mr. Gilet, Dee. 25,1855.
"He(Mr. Adams)spoke then of the dissatisfaction of the
Eastern portion of our confederacy with the restraints of the
embargo then existing, and their restlessness under it. That
there was nothing which might not be attempted to rid them-
selves of iL That he had information of the most unques-
tionable certainty, that certain citizens of the Eastern States (I
think he named Massachusetts particularly) were in negotiation
with the agents of the British Government The obiect of
which was an agreement that the New England Slates should
take no further part in the war then going on; that without
formally declarin  their separation from the t'nion of the States,
they should withdraw from all aid and obedience to them; that
their navigation and commeice should be free iiom restraint or
interruption by the Drill  ; that they should he considered and
treatel by them as neu'rals, and, as such, might conduct them-
selves towards both parties, and, at the close of the war, be at
liberty to rejoin the confederacy. He assured me that there
was imminent dinger that ihe convention would take place;
that the temrtations were such as might debauch many from
their fidelity to th' Onion; and that, to enable its irienda to
made head against it, the repeal of the embargo was absolutely
Mceasaiy. I expressed a justsense ot the merit of ihe informa-
tion, andof the imixina .ce of the disclosure lo the safety, and
even tal ration, of our country; and, how verielueuoit I was to
abandon the meisure.O measure which, persevered in a little
longer, we had su isequent and satisfactory assurance, would
have effected us object completely,) from that mament, and in-
fluenced by that information, I saw the necessity of abandoning
tt, and, instead of our effecting our purpose by this peacelul
weapon, we mutt fight it out, or break the Union."
Extracto! an auihorwd statement by Mr. Adams, inn
p'o-.o/ion,pubhahea m the national Intelligencer, Ocio-
bey 21, 1S2S
"Mi. Giles, and several other members of Congress, during
this session(1808) wrote to Mr. Aiiams confidential letters, in-
forming him ol the various measures proposed as reinforce-
ments or substitutes fot the cmbareo, and soliciting his opinions
upon the subject. He answered those leiteis with frankness
andinconfidence. He earnestly recommended the substitution
of the non-intercourse, for theembaigo; and, in giving his rea-
sons for this preference, was necessarily led to enlarge upon the
views and purposes of certain leaders of the party which had
the management of the State Legislature in their hands. He
ureed thji continuance of the embargo much longer would cer-
ta.nly be met by forcible resistance, supported by the Legisla-
ture, an.i probably by the Judiciary of the State.
"T at to quell that resistance, if force should be resorted to by
the Government, it would projuce a civil war; and in (hat
event, he had no doubt that the 'eaders sf the party would secure
the co-operation with them of Great Britain. That their object
was, and had been lor several years, a dissolution of the Union,
and the establishment of a sepatate confederation, he knew
from unequivocal evidence, although not proveable in a couit
ol law; and that, in the case of a civil war, the aid of Great
Britain to effect that purpose would be as surely resorted to, as
it would be indispensably necessiry to the design "
All who remember the period when this state-
ment made iis appearance, cannot have forgotten
ihe excitement which it producid in New England,
and especially among the Boston Federalists, who,
at the time, were among the most devoted support-
ers of Mr. Adams. The press took np the sub-
ject, and demanded of the individuals whose situa-
tion was sucb, at the period alluded to, as to desig-
nate them among the persons included in the charge,
to call upon Mr. Adams for some more specific
statement of ihe accusation. A writer in the Bos-
ton Courier savs:
"This we, the Federal party, tha citiseus of Massachusetts,
the people of New Englard, require of them. We are all im-
plicated in the accusation, and all feel its effects; nor can we
rest satisfied until it is brought home to individuals, or scattered
to the winds."
On the 26th of November, 1838, Harrison G.
Otis and twelve others, all leading Federalists in
Massachusetts, most of whom are still living and
active members of the Whig party, addressed a
communication to Mr. Adams, calling for the
names of the persons charged, and the evidence
upon which the charge rests. Among other things,
they say:
"We were associated in politics with the party prevailing
here at the p nod referred to in the statement above mentioned;
some of us concurred in all the measures adopted by that party;
and we all warmly approved and supported them. Many ol
our associates, who still survive, are dispersed throughout Mas-
sachusetts and Maine, and could not be easily convened, to join
us on the present occasion."
Mr. Adams's reply, under date of the 26th of
December, is very full and explicit; from which I
beg leave to read a few extract?:
"Itwas in those letters of 1S0S and 1809, that I mentioned the
design of certain leaders of the   Federal party, and the esta ,v-
bhshment of a Northern confederacy, &c.                             *"T
'•This plan was so far matured, that the proposal had been
made to an individual, at the proper time, to be placed at the
head of the military movement which, it was foreseen, would
be necessary for carrying it into execution.
"The interposition of a kind Providence averted the most de
plorableof catastrophes, and turning over to the receptacle of
things lost upon earth, the adjourned convention from Hartford
to Boston, extinguished (by the mercy of heaven, may it be
forever1) the projected New England Confederacy."
In conclusion, he intimates very strongly, that at
some future day, a sense of duty may induce him
to disclose the evidence which he possesses, and
for which they calf, but says, the selection of the
day must be left to his own judgment—that no ar-
ray of numbers or power can induce him to make
the disclosure prematurely, or to withhold it "when
a sense of duly shall sound ihe alarm.'' It has
already appeared that Mr. Jefferson and bis party
were obliged to abandon the embargo, to save the
Union from the treasonable df s:gns of the Federal
party in the Eastern States. Non-in'ercourse was
substituted, on the first of March, 1809. This act
met with little or no better reception. It ws?, at once,
denounced as having be en dictated by French in-
fluence, and as a measure of hostility to Ensland.
The cry of French influence and Southern influ-
ence were the principal weaonns of Federal war-
fare, in the North, throughout the period of which I
am speaking. After the failure of Mr. Erskioe's
arrangement, the bitterness of party feeling was
resumed, if it can be said to have subs ded, whil-'
it was believe! that the operares he had made
wouif* be sanctioned by the Brttfh Ca^'tx-l Upon
this point, I desiri- f msk" one or two iemark«, io
show the di^engenuousness and insincerity ot Fede-
ral Opposition, and then I will pass on with as
much rapidity as possible. While it was sup.
posed that the arrangement had been made by au-
thority, ihey openly chargtd that it whs precisely
what the British Government had alwajs been
willing to do; bul the moment it was ascertained
that it had been rejected upon the pretence that the
Minis er bad tianscendrd his powers, with charac-
tcnsiic regard f< r truih, they unblushtngly aserted
that Mr. Madison km w, at the time, thai no such
instruc'ions had bten given, and that he had frau-
dulently constnted lo the arrangement, to deceive
the people, and gain popularity. The press made
this charge, and the minions of party jointd in the
cry. It soon became evident that hostilities must
ensue, as all peaceful efforts to obtain justice had
been exhausted, without any success. All parties
again demanded redress,and none were more clamo-
rous than those that subsequently opposed the war
with so much violence and rancor. It was said that
the Administration wanted energy, and that all the
difficulty was justly chargeable to its weakness
and cortuption, and no expression was more com-
mon with these patriotic cit'zens than the one as-
cribed to their leader in Congress, that the .Admi-
nistration "could not be kicked into a war." They
urged the Government on to Ihe brink of hostili-
ties, by complaints and reproaches of the mo*t
vindictive character, until it was impossible to re-
cede, without sacrifice both of the rights and honor
of the nation; and when the issue was presented,
and no alternative left but dishonor, they not
only voted against the declaration of war, but im-
mediately adop'ed an inflammatory, address to ex-
cite the people to oppose it. Their opposition dur-
ing the war is so well knowit, and so universally
execrated, that it is not necessary to dwell upon it.
The Federal party, in Massachusetts, were more
rancorous and uncharitable in their opposition than
in any State in the Union. They declared, is the
form of a legis ative declaration, that "the war
was founded in falsehood, declared without neces-
sity, and its real object was extent of territory, by
unjust conquests, and to aid the late tyrant of
Europe in his view of aggrandizement." Such
declaratory resolutions were a very frequent oc-
currence, though, I believe, they did not require the
sanction of both branches of the Legislature.
It would be an endless task, as well as useless
labor, to recite all the evidences of the reckless op-
position to the war. They withheld, as far as it
was wihtn their power, the means for supporting
the army and navy; they discouraged enlistments;
they prevented loans, and actually devised a regu-
lar system for exporting specie out of the country,
to cripple the Government, by depriving it of the
sinews of war; and, when victory crowntd the ef-
forts of the brave, they resolved that "it was unbe-
coming a moral and religious people to express
any approbation of military or naval exploits."
This relentless and heartless opposition was kept
up, with unabated fury, down to the victory at
New Orleans and the subsequent news of the treaty
of peace. Peace was concluded on the 24th of
December, 1814, but the news did not leach this
country until after the battle at New Orleans.
The Hartford Convention assemb'ed on the 15ih
of December, 1814, and adjourned lo meet at Bos-
ton in the following June, which meeting sever
teok place, but was turned "over to the receptacle
of tbinss lost upon earth." The victory of New
Orleans, and the treaty of peace, made the triumph
of the Democratic party complete. No language
can describe their joy. The Federalists were over-
uhelm«d, as well by the successful termination of
the conflict, as by the knowledge of the odium
which would attach to their treasonable opposition.
It is a little remarkable that the gentleman from
Ma«sachu«eits [Mr. Saltonstall] should suppose
that the overthrow of Napoleon, at the battle of
Waterloo, induced the Fede al party to disband.
That battle did not lake place until the following
season. It was another great and glorious victory,
on this side of the ocean, which stems to have es-
caped his recollection, that compelled the leaders
of i hat party, at least for ihe lime, lo abandon
their pr< jeets of ambi ion, and to a<qriie>ce in the
a'-cfnd-nry i>f ihe favorites < f the people.
The next eight years succeeding tne war  has
been called the " era of good feeling," during which
the Federal party endeavored to wipe of?, by every
species of obsequiousness, the disgrace of their pact
