476
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
April, 1840.
26th Covg.......1st Se s.
appropriation Bill—Mr. Clifford.
H. of Reps.
It is scarcely necessary to remark, that this
question has lost nothing of the importance that
was originally attached to it by its early opposers,
from the lights of experience; but, on the con-
trary, its dangerous tendency has been fully de-
monstrated, in the fearful exhibitions of the pow-
erful and despotic sway over the property and
liberty of the citizens, which such an institution is
capable of exerting, when placed under the con-
trol of corporate power, and subject to the direc-
tion of designing men. The conduct of the late
Bank of the United States is fresh in the recollec-
tion of the people of this country, and need not be
recapitulated. It is sufficient to say, that the worst
fears and apprehensions of its opposers have been
reallztd to their utmost extent, and so much so
that it is my deliberate opinion that a great majo-
rity of the American people have become sick and
tired of the periodical fluctuations in the currency,
which are the inevitable conssquence of a paper
standard of value. The reasons of this opinion I
will forbear to state, as it would be inconsistent
with the general design of my remarks. It is
more my object to ascertain what are the principles
of the Democratic party, for the purpose of con-
trasting them with those of the other side, than
to detain the committee by entering into a full
explanation and defence of them. The soundest
principles of economy, as well as of justice, are op-
posed to a high tariff. It is a perversion of the taxing
power which was confided to Congress by the Cfln-
stitution for the purpose of providing for the general
welfare of the whole Union, and not for the
benefit of a few individuals at the expense of the
many. Any system, therefore, which imposes bur-
dens upon the body of the people to confer favor
upon a limited class of individuals or corporations,
is a perversion and infraction of the grant to lay
taxes, because it is not to provide for the general
welfare of the whole, but to administer to the cu-
pidity anda variee of the few; and, therefore, any
exaction for the sole benefit of one branch of in-
dustry, at the expense of all others, is a germ of
Federal construction, not authorized by the Con-
stitution, the whole tendency of which is to per-
vert our Republican institutions from a state of
purity and simplicy, into a sp'endid system of
national power, in subversion of the rights of the
States, and of the liberties of the people. A strict
constitutional limitation of the taxing power, is the
only safeguard against corruption and extrava-
gance. Hence the sleepless vigilance of the De-
mocratic party in their opposition to an unautho-
rized tariff. The aim and objects of its projectors
will be hinted at hereafter. Again: no one pre-
tends that there is any express grant to authorize
the appropriation  of the national treasure upon lo-
cal objects of improvement. This, too, is based
upon construction, and is claimed by implication.
The Democratic party oppose it upon constitu-
tional grounds, as well as on account of the injus-
tice and inequality of its operation upon the dif-
feient sections of the Union. It is a gambling,
log-rolling system, calculated to corrupt the de-
liberations of Congress, and to foster division and
heart burnings among the several States of the
Confederacy.
On this point I desire to be distinctly understood.
It is not the danger of exasperation  of sectional
feeling that constitutes the essential ground of the
opposition of the Democratic party to this system,
for that has reference to its expediency; but it is
regarded as the exercise of an unauthorized power,
contravening the Const.tution and infringing up n
the sovereignty of the States.     There are  very
strong objections to it on the score of expediency.
In addition to what has been said, it leads  to un-
necessary and exorbitant taxation, by creating new
objects of appropriation, without number or bound,
except in the discretion of CoDgress.     It has been
called the sluiceway of the tariff system, and  I do
not know of a more  appropriate name.     The
friends of the tariff have uniformly supported it,
for the rea?on,  undoubtedly, that the drain from
the Treasury, which it  occasions, would further
their designs.   In all its consequences it is produc-
tive of evil, without any counterbalancing good.
Again: the power to collect money to any amount
from the people and to distribute it as a matter of
favor to the States, or to corporations, is a species
of despotism of the most odious character. The
projected schemes of distribution find no favor
with the Democratic party. They have resisted it,
and will continue tojresist it, in any and every shape
and form in which it may be presented, whether
under the pretence of donation or under the dis-
guise of the assumption of the State debts.
The policy to be pursued in relation to the pub-
lie domain demands the most solemn consideration
of the community, and is likely to excite very much
of public attention, for many years to come, both
on account of its bearing upon the finances of the
country, and the principles involved in the vari-
ous schemes that have been projected to divert the
accruing profit of the annual sales from the Na-
tion Treasury. The distribution system is the mot
formidable and the most dangerous of any that has
been presented, on account of the bait which it of-
fers to the indebted States, no less than to the manu-
facturers, who see that, if it prevails, it must lay
the foundation for a very great increase of taxa-
tion, and contribute very largely to their interests
and designs. The mode of collecting, keeping, and
disbursing the public money, is an important fea-
ture in every system of national policy. Taxes must
be levied, in some way, and, to a greater or less ex-
tent, in all Governments; and the money must be
collected and disbursed in one currency or another.
The policy of the Democratic party, in this behalf,
is well known, though it has been shamefully mis-
represented in all its objects and effects. It is true
that Government dues will be prospectively col-
lected in gold and silver, and that the payments to
the army and navy, and all the public creditors,
will be made in the same currency, as they ought to
be, and mu&t be, if we are to have a Government
of the people and not of the banks; but the States
will be left to regulate their own institutions in
their own way; and it should not be forgotten that
the specie that the Government collects is immedi-
ately distributed among the people, and goes into
the general circulation. The effect of this
measure will be to infuse into the circu-
lating medium of the country a larger propor-
tion of the precious metals, and to contribute in no
small degree the means to becure the convertibili-
ty of bank paper in the several States by preventing
the exportation of specie, while the process of col-
lection and payment will dstribute.it among the
people, where it is less exposed to the grasp of the
speculators and brokers at the moment of pecuniary
distress, and, by the natural laws of trade, it will
flow back to relieve the banks in the hour of peril,
and enable them to maintain a specie basis. Ano-
ther, and a very important consideration at (ftis
time, is the subject of Abolition. A sincere attach-
ment to the union of the Slates is among the cardi-
nal doctrines in the creed of Democ"atic Republi-
canism, and ever has been, from the foundation of
the Government to the present time. It has already
appeared that the cry of SDUthern'iofluence was a
prominent topic of Federal warfare in the North,
in the day* of Jefferson and Madison, to excite the
prejudices of the North against the South, and the
seeds of political abolition may be seen in the pro-
ceedings of the Hartford Convention, where they
propose an amendment to the Constitution, "sotSat
Representatives and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned according to their respective numbers of
free persons, excluíing Indians not taxed, and all
other persons." The supporters of this Afiminis-
ti at ion in the North, with a few exceptions, sre
utterly opposed to all the mean and incendiary
schemes of political Aboliiionis's. They are
determined to maintain inviolate the com-
promises of the Constitute n, in good faith,
and under all circumstances. I mean not
to say that the Whig party are all Abolitionists, but
most of the AbolitUnists are Whigs; and soiie of
their political leaders are incessant in their efforts
to make political capital out of the natural preju-
dices of a free people against the institution of
slavery, and also out of the past proceedings of
Congress touching the disposition of Abolition pe-
titions. The Abolitionists in the district 1 repre-
sent, almost to a man, vote the Whig ticket. If, at
the time of my election, 1 received one vote from
that quarter, it is unknown to me.   I do not be-
lieve that any such case can be found. Having
said thus much, I will only add on ths point, that
many of the Abolitionists are honest and upright
men, and sincerely believe they are engaged in
God's service, without the remotest intention of
doing any thing to hazard the peace of the coun-
try, or the union of the States. It was my inten-
tion to have made a few remarks as to the right of
the people to be informed of the views and princi-
ples of candidates for elective offices; but this ground
has been so ably and fully occupied by those that
have preceded me in the debate, that I despair of
being able to offer any thing either new or useful,
and therefore I will forbear.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I approach a more diffi-
cult inquiry. What are the principles of the party
calling themselves Whigs? If we look at the pre-
sent, we have no means to form any conclusion
whatever; silence and secrecy reign throughout
the land. Recent information discloses the
fact that they .have gone through the parade
and form of a national convention, and presented
candidates to the American people lor ihe first two
offices within their gift, but adjourned without
"any general declaration of the views of the great
Opposition party;" and we are since told, with the
air of authority, that "it was deemed impolitic, at
the then crisis," to make any such exposition—for
the reason, undoubtedly, "that no new issue be
made to the public." But the people were not sa-
tisfied to take these important matters on trust; and,
when they found they were seriously called upon
to discard their public servants, and give their
places to others, the inquiry, as was natural, at
once arose, wherein will the country be benefited
¡ i by the change? It seem* the people supposed they
|! had a right to know what they were to expect, if
they should consent to the change. They believed
it was a matter in which they had some interest;
and, as the convention had neglected to inform
them, they thought they would apply to the Gene-
ral himself. Knowing that General Jackson was
an honest, frank man, and never concealed his opi-
nions, they could not doubt that General Harrison
would take great pleasure in informing them upon
matters of such vital interest, to enable them to
determine what course they would adopt at the ap-
proaching election. But the only answer yet re-
ceived is the one from his confidential committee,
in which they say "that their policy is, that
the General make no further declaration
of hi  principles for the public eye, whilst
occupying his present position." So that
the people are still in the dark upon the subject of
the inquiry, and likely to remain so, unless infor-
mation can be had from other sources than Gene-
ral Harrison or bis confidential committee. To
prevent misrepresentation, I will say, once and for
all, that it is no part of my intention to disparage
General Harrison, or to speak disrespectfully of
any man living, but it has been my object through-
out to deal with the party opposed to this Admi-
nis'ration with the freedom which the Constitution
secures to every Representative of the people. The
inquiry is still to be answered, what ate the prin-
cp'es of the Opposition? One of the best defini-
tions that I have seen, is to be found in a letter of
J. CL. Adams to Dutee J. Pierce, dated 7th Sep-
tember 1835. Here Mr. C. read the letter, ot
which the following are extracts:
'■ I am yet convinced that the party which baa been theee
two yean struggling to break you down, the base compound of
Hartford Convention Federalism and royal arcb masonry, is so
rotten with the corruption of both its elemente that I bail with
joy the victory which you have achieved over it."
Again he says:
"Of that party, treachery is so favorite an instrument, that
I have heard Mr. Burgess complains that they bare used it even
with him.   It is their nature and their vocation."
And a¡;ain:
" They hare no honest principle to keep them together-, their
only cement ia a sympathy ef hatred to every man of purer
principles than themselves."
It is proper to remark, that Mr. Adams does not
use the term Whig party, but he was speaking of
the party opposed to Mr. Pierce, and every one
knows which party that was. Now, it would net
be parliamentary for me to say that any member of
this committee was destitute of political principle,
but I have a right to say, that the Whig party, as
