April, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
477
26th Cono«"'1st Srss.
appropriation Bill—Mr. Jones.
H. of Reps.
such, has no principies of national p >licy, which
they dare avow. If this be a mistake, why n it not
corrected? If it is not conven ent for the hero to
speak, why do not his friends speak for him? If
one committee is not sufficient, give him more, but
let us have an answer. The people want light—
they demand it, anl if their reasonable request is
reiused, d^any one so far undervalue their intel-
ligence as to suppose they will be deceived as to
the reasons which dictate the relusal? It is impos-
sible. What is ih* cxnrse of the Opposition prrs>
at this timet Absolutely filled with mere hurrah, and
no'hing bat hurrah When the inquiry is made
of thrm. is your candidate in favor of a national
bank? we are met wi'h the answer. Hurrah lor
Tippecanoe. Is he in favor of a h gh tariff? a
similar answer is ready: hurrah for the "teg cabin
and hard eider;" and so on tbrenghout the cata-
logue. What sort of an is>ue is this to present to
a free and intelligent people, capable of governing
thenwelres, and claiming the right to choose their
own public agents to administer the affairs of a Go 
vernmeot of their own creation, and which every
motive of interest and patriotism prompts them to
opholi*? Do not be deceived, gentlemen; this
shallow trickery will not avail you, it cannot suc-
ceeJ Yon must come ont from your hiding places,
and avow yoor principie*, and expose them to pub-
lic scrutiny, or you will bis overwhelmed in the re-
sn't. The people of this country cannot be de-
ceived bv anv such devices Even in the midst of
the torrent of abase and camplamt against this
Administration, they will turn round to its reviles,
and ask them—What do you propose, to remedy
the evite of which you complain; and what does
ymr candidate for the Presidency propos-; and
what authority have you to speak for him, after he
ha? refused to speak for himself Then gentle-
men will find that all this talk about the poor
man's candidate will not stand the test of the 'cra-
nny and intelligence of the laboring man in the
Northern States. I am sure that this  class of my
constituents wonld feel themselves insulted bv any
such iuraraery; they have tro much good «ense,
and understand Federal treachery too well, sir,
to be thus easly deceived; and let any party
that does not believe it, make the attempt—I am
willing to witnrsi the ra-Ti't. But it is us*less to
pursue this matter farther; for one, I am satisfied
what the country must expect, if the Opposition
shiuld be successful in their efforts to oveitbrow
ttu« Admnistration, of which I do not believe there
b the les>t danger; but if, contrary to all reasona-
b'e calculations, they succeed, then we must pre-
pare ou'selvs for another reign of Federal
misrule. A Natior al Bank will be chartered, the
tariff* will be restored ami increased, unconstitu-
tional appropriations will follow, and the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands will be divided
among the States, and the State debts will be as-
sumed, and, :o complete the catalogue of m schief
that will en«ue, the North and the South will be
arrayed against each ether upon the subject of Abo-
lition, the effect of which I will not undertake to
predict, but the future will show. Now if, in all
tow, as a humble member of the Democratic party,
I am mistaken, is it not trae that th-msands of the
people of this coantry honestly believe that it is all
liktry to take place; and if there is any mistake
about it, why does not the Whig candidate speak
ont and remove the impression?
SPEECH OF MR. JONES,
OF VIRGINIA
J* the Heme of Rtjtretenlaiira, Jtpril 11th, 1840—
In Committee of the Whole, on the bill making
appropriatens for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year 1840.
Mr. JONES of Virgm-asaid: It is obviously the
disposition  of gome gentlemen, in directing their
attacks against tin* Administration, to deal al-
most entirely in vague generalities, and thus, ft r
a time, frequently to create a sta>e of doubt on
the public mind; while they carefully avoid an in-
vestigation of the details   which would remove
their own difficulties.   They indulge in indiscri-
minate condemnation of «very measure, without
examining the reasons which may have prompted
tbeir adoption.   Instead of this general mode of
attack, why it. it that tley do not put their fingers
on the ifm< which they consider objectionable?
Why do they not venture on an examination of
the details? Why not conduct the debate ac-
cording to the direction of our ru'e, and, suffer-
ing the bill to be Bead section by section, level
their arguments against each section as it comes
up for consideration. If my colleague wish«s
to furnish information to the people, why does he
not ccmiaumcate it in a direct and tangib'e form,
instead of leaving them to the uncertainty of in-
ferences deduced trom premises, the truth of which
is. disputable?
When he denounces wKat he terms extravagance,
he neslecs to deduct latee sum*, which cannot, in
fairnrs-, be included in the expenditures of the Go-
vernment. Does he not know that the whole ex-
pense of the Post Office Department is derived ex-
clusively from its own resources, and not drawn
trom the Treasury of the United States?
[Mr Wise said he confessed the fact, that the
item of th- Post Office is not taken from the Trea
sury. But would his colleague tell the people
that it is not as much an appropriation of the peo-
ple's money as the other? He knew that, techni-
cally, we have a Treasury, and technically a trea-
sury of the Post Office, but it is all public money ]
Mr Jones. I meant to assert that the money
applied for the purposes of the Post Office Depart-
ment is derived from postages on letters atone, and
not through the ordinary channels of taxation,
and in point or fact is never carried into the Trea-
sury ol the United States The receipts and ex-
penditures of the Post Office Department are con-
fined to its own operations; it is entirely separate
and distinct from the Treasury; and all us fun Is
are exclusively appliel towards increasing the fa-
cilities afforded by the mails. Until within the
la t few years, the money of this department was
never, in fact, entered on the books of the Trea-
sury at all. Nominally it is now transferred to
that general depository; but, in reality, it is n*ver
earned thfre. Under the act ef 1836, to which
my colleague hss referred, ninety-nine hundreds,
if not the whole, of the Post Office revenue, is
applied and disbursed btfore it reaches the Trea-
sury. Trie opera'ions of this department of the
Government, presents the strange anomaly of the
application of five millions ot dollars without
superinducing any cost in its disbursement. The
warrants are drawn upon the money in the hands
ot the postmasters scattered over the whole face of
the countiy, and applied to the liquidation of the
debts of the department.
Deducting the expenditures of the Post Office,
wh'ch are not embraced in the expenditures prior to
1836, and cannot fairly be forced within the range* of
the argument, I proceed to examine the character
of the expenses comprised within the three divisions
of the civil list, foreign intercourse, and miscella-
neous. My colleague ibas asserted that there has
been a vast increase in these expenditures: but the
reasoning by which he has reached his conclu-
sions is wholly fallacious. When he examines
the facts and the details, I am confident he will
agtee with me, when I assert that his deductions are
not fairly derivable from the premise*; ard amid
the numerous items which make tip the aggregate
of the bill, he has subjected but one to criticism. He
denounces the enormous increase of the appropria-
tions for defraying the expenses of the district
courts. This yar it reaches the sum of $300,006;
last year it amounted to $123,000.
The objection made to the item under conside-
ration, will be found, on examination, to be wholly
untenable Last year the appropriation was
$128,000; this year it amounts to $300,000. The
difference appears to my colleague enormous and
inexplicable; one simple fact will furnish a satis-
factory foluuoa of the difficulty. At the com-
mencement of the last session of Congress, there
was in the Treasury, of former appropriations, an
unexpended balance of $214,000, applicable to this
branch of the service. By add.ng this balance to
the sum appropriated last year, it is seen that
f342,000 were deemed necessary to meet the ex-
penditures of that year. The whole sum appro-
priated is now completely exhausted; and when
$300,000 are asked for the present year, it must
be obvious, that less is required ihan was actually
expended the last. It is apparent, therefore, that
the anticipated expenditure does not transcend
what has been shown by experience to be abso-
lutely requisite.
I feel confident that I shall be able to convince
my colleague, and if not him, to satisfy the people
of the country, that no appropnation is called for
in this bill, which is not only just and reasonable
in itself, but indispensable for the public service. I
shall demonstrate that the amounts required, where
the sums are not fixed by law, are proportionately
le*s than the sums demanded for the same objects
in previous years. Will he not grant that the ag-
gregate amount of the appropriations asked fof the
«ei vice of the present jear, is less by five millions
of dollars than was appropriated last year?
[Mr. Wise. I shall forbear expressing an opi-
nion nnul the end ol the session J
Mr. Jones. If I can obtain the co-operation of
my co'leagueand his Inends in a steady refusal to
go beyond the estimates furnished by the Depart-
menN, I vouch for a clear reduction of five millions
of dollars, even at the time he fixes for deciding
the question. He preWs, however, 'o defer his
answer till the end ol the session His object ons
have been urged against the bills reported as ihey
now stand; my remarks apply to them in their pre-
sent shape. He denounces the extravagance of
the eatimates; I maintain them to be less than in.
the preceding year. I ask his assent to an asser-
tion, stating a plain matter of fact, and he evades
an answer.   Tne reason is obvious.
He has been unusually vehement in his denun-
ciations against what he calls the reckless expendi-
tures of the Administration. But why does he re-
fuse to enter into an examination of the details?
Let him scrutinize the items of the bill, and I de-
fy him to substantiate the allegations he so boldly
makes, when shooting his arrows from behind the
broad shield of generalities. But if he will not
direct the subject, I will undertake the office
for him. I will present the facts, and await
the comments from htm. Between my facts and his
arguments, let  the people decide
The administration of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Adams] is the model of economy
which the enthusiasm of his friends has set up for
our imitation I am a friend of economy—I am
an advocate of the sine est economy in the admi-
nistration of the Government My colleague, with
an air of triumph, has put forward the Administra-
tion to which I have just referred, as furnishing an
example which we should imitate. I will join is-
sue with him. If that be the legitimate prototype,
I shall prove oar copy not inferior to it—I shall
demonstrate, from the evidence before me, that the
Admin^txalion of vaunted econemy has nothing to
boast of, when brought into comparison with the
present. But little ingenuity or exertion will be
required to prove that the appropriations called for
by the present bill, are not more extravagant than
those to be found in a corresponding bill, passed
under the administration of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, since the items of increase in this
bill over that with which I propose to compare it,
cannot fail to strike every one as not only necessa-
ry and proper, but absolutely indispensable.
We have been confidently told that the increase
of population furnishes the true rule for the in-
crease of expenditure, and we are condemned for
increasing the expendiluies beyond the limit which
this test will warrant. The principle advanced I
maintain to be who'ly untenable. I shall not run
counter lo the prejudices of gentlemen. Their at-
tacks are directed against the present and the pre-
ceding Administrations. These I thall pass by for
the present, and test the soundness of the doctrine
they hold, by a reference to the ratio of increase at
former periods. If I can show that the increase of
expenditure during the administrations of Wash-
ington, Jefferson, Madison, and Monroe, has tran-
scended the ratio thus established; if I pan show
that even at those periods, the rule relied upon
proves counterfeit, when tried by this touchstone,
it must be confessed that the test is utterly value-
less. Let us compare fact with assertion, history
with hypothesis.                  ,   „  ,           .____„„,
In the year 1793, the total of the «ml expenses
