478
APttSKDfX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1840.
26th Cong>."1st. Skss.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Clifford.
H of Reps.
of the lióte i mem, iiic uti.na appioprw o. s or
f« rv gn ínii'co'rv and m.*ce Uneous objects,
amounted t«' «b< u halt* million of dollars.
In 1818 fie expenditures for the same objec s
had increased to four millions of dollar . Tae
reason why I have selected these two peiiods
needs bo explanation. They comprise a lapse of
twenty-five tears, within which, according to uni-
vetsally recemd opinion, papulation doubles
itself. DanDg this peiiod, including a qu„rtír of
a century, «hue popula ;nn advanced one huudiel
per cent; tbe ex < n^i-s of the Government in *reas-
edeight liun> r dptrre.it. It «ill lv uii -. ~-i z iig'v
confessed, that lue Ad'«mitran >us to wh i h I h.ive
lo.'erred as the bas s of the can ulaton, are ¡he
least liable to > bjection; and yet the data they fur-
nish go to pruve most unanswerably that popula-
tion and expenditure are not progressive in the
same ratio; that the one cannot be graduated by
the other. With the knowledge o( these facts,
where is the force of the argument that has engen-
dered such acrimony of denuncia'iou against the
alleged unjustifiable increase of the estimates of
expenditure for the present year?
Bat the comparison I have just made has been
instituted between the progressive disbursements
of the civil liit only, and the advance of popula-
tion. The charges made have been urged against
this particular branch of public expenditure;
and, conscious of the correctness of th? prin-
ciples I am advocatms, and consequently wi-
ling to yield every advantage which gentlemeu
may desire to claim, I have, in compharce with
their implied wishes, limited my comparison and
argument to it alone. But there exivs no good
reason why, in testing the soundness of the doc-
trines which I am attempting to refute, we should
not compare the progression of the whole amoun'
of pnbl.c expenditures for all objects with that of
population. By this change in the character *>f
the investigation, we shall again discover that the
principles of graduation relied upon ate equally
deceptive.
In 1793, we find the aggregate expenditures of
the Government, in all its departments, to have
been about three millions of dollars; and in 1818,
about fifteen millions. I speak in round nutnbtr¿.
The rati  of increase in p pulation was one hun-
dred per cent., whi e that of expenditure was five
hundred percent. In every aspect the doctrine
which has been advanced is erroneous.
[Mr. CcsHiNO begged leave to explain. "When
he referred to tne increase of population as a test
for the increase of expenditure, he did not say that
he assumed it as a t«^t; but was speaking in an-
swer to one of the friends of the Administration,
who had assumed that position. He h=ud before
him sume remarks, in which it is stated that the
expenditures of the Government had not gone be-
yond the increase of population. He, in reply,
had said, that facts would not bear oat this as-
sumed test; but whether it were a good ora bad test,
he did not preterid to say.]
Mr. Jones. I am glad that jn opportunity
has teen afforded to the gentleman for making this
explana'ion; for, until this moment, I have been
under the impres ion that such was the groind he
bad assumed, and he was so understood by many
around him. This test i«, then, confessedly un-
safe, and not to be relied on; but no more reliance
can be placed on the converse of the ru'e. In 1834
and 1835, w thin s xteen or s-venteen year-? a'te r
the period on which I have been just commenting,
the whole erperd tur-i was frrm seventeen to e ga-
teen millions, showing an increase of lf-s than
twenty-five per cent, in the expend'tures, while po-
pula'iun ha J advanced a< least sixty-six per cent.
In 1837, 1638, and 183?, he annual e-penditures,
for the civil list, miscellaneous, and foreisn in'er-
cour>e, have not reach-d more than five millions
and a halt of dollar , being an a"d tion of lcs~
than forty per cent, while the increase of popula-
tion lias teen eighty-five p-r cent. In no aspect
what, vtr is this princip e of graduation defensible.
The test is wlu liy delusive.
I will pursue the investigation of this branch of
the subject no farther, but will return 'o the argu-
ment of my colleague.   He is astonished that the
««gipta f amo i.n u.k n th • vaiiors h'v'« of c> .-
t nge-u- e-  ■ mil I ¡.o _e o ,d $40" TOU. T ue: i u
amid ihe numei ius, vtry numerous, rem* c n~i-
mtmg fits pgjtegaie, has ne seleote I cne winch he
has attempted to prove to be untifcessarj? So tar
from attempting an argument of this charac er, hi
has not even made the as er ion. These contin-
gencies apply to a vast variety of objects in all the
departments of the Government, and comprehend
many details of unavoidable expemh'uie. It is
no', iherelore, surprising, that the total slvu'd
reach the g'o^s sum ho has mentioned. But the
t >tal. though large, as he asserts, cannot of itself
be a proof of extrava?ance. This charge cm be
made good onh by showing that some ot ihe items
were uucal'ed fi r. I do not ask of him an impos-
sibility; I do not a'-k him to provt a'iy ol them to
be unnecessary: I but ask him to point out one
which he conceives objectionable, and I will un-
dertake to demonstrate—which I thiak I can do
with but little difficulty—that it is just, proper, and
indispensable.
But as my col'eague will not venture on details
to substantiate his allegations, I will meet him on
his own grouid, fight him with the weapons of his
own selection, and under the rules pre cribed by
himself. The administration of the peat!.'man
from Massachusetts [Mr. Atums] is ihe model to
which the attention of the country has been invited.
To satisfy the scruples of my colleague, I
will institute a comparison between the ex-
penses of the civil hit proposed by this bill,
and the same class of expenditures under
that Administration, and prore to him, in the
only way which can apparently convince him, that
his chvee of extravagance is utterly groundless.
Bnt allow me to direct his attention to some im-
portant facts, the knowledge of which is essential
to a perfect e'ucidation of the subject. Since that
peiiod, there has been a va^t increase in our popu-
lation: two new States have been added to the
Union; many a'ditional judges have been ap-
pointed; the circuit ard district ciurt systems have
been extended t all the Sta'es, having been es'a-
blishe-i not only in the new States, but also ex-
tended in the old one«, where formerly they did not
exiit. Wi h all these reasons for additional ex-
penditures, an increase was inevitable. Does my
col'eaiue remember what was the amount of the
civil list then? From pnrcple and habit, I shall
adhere stiic ly to th* question before me, and not
wander into the discussion of matters extraneous
and irrelevant. Can he say what was the amount
of the civil li<-t in the days of economy—I mean
during the administration of the gentleman from
Massachusetts? I will will inform him? It was:
For ti e civil list proper     -           - $1 327,069 36
Miscellaneous       ...    1,634,517 30
Foreign intercourse            -           -      207,765 85
Making an aggregate of   -           - $3,169,352 51
Such wa« the civil list at the peiiod to which
we are referred for our model. But th s amount,
it is alleged, has been immensely and unjustifiably
transcended since. Let us examine the soundness
of this position, by ins'ituting the compa-ison to
which I have I een invited bv my colleague. The
expenditure  for 1829. wh ch has been selected bv
a gentleman on the opp"vite side, amounted, as I
have already said, to $3 169,352 51; for this year
the appropriation reqmr.'d is $4 973 0n0. There
has bsen, I admit, an increase; but i; it extravapant
and unjustifiabtf? Let facts answer. In the first
place, the session of 1829 was a short on ; the ses-
sion th's year a long one. The census has been
tak n since that year, and the number of members
of Congress increa**d. From these two circum-
stances, the expenditures of the two Houte3 of
Congress m"st be greatly augmented.
[Mr. Wise. Wi'l my colleague t«H me if he in-
cludes the Post Office?]
Mr. Jones. At present unquestionably not.
My ot-Sírvaüons have been explicitly cinfined to
ihe expenditures of the two Houses of Congress.
When I reach tbe Post Offic", my colleaeue shall
be informed of the f->ct. But to re.ume. For
1840, the amount required for pay and mileage of
members of Congress is estimated at        $668,000
ITihIh    VIi    M . A  a u 's a'lmi.i sf.iMm
it was           -           -           -           -    P 4,000
Making a difference in this item alone of $364,000
This branch of expmdiiure is d.fin.tively fixed
1 by law; and consequently the Administration is not
responsible for ttie disparity apparent between the
two periods. Yet ihe pay and mileage of members
form a large portion of the inciease, which has
been denounced as extravagance.
1 wish my col'eague to no'e carefully the fact* in.
the compaiison. Iain solicitous to furnish hita
the data, wbich miy enable him to come to a cor-
rect ron'lu.ion. The con'ingent expenses of this
Cons re s amount to     -           -           -   $395,000
At the former session, to which we are
referred, they were but         -           -   $155,000
, Here is an increase of             -           -   $240,000
which my colleague will hardly charge upon the
Executive.   If censure  fall any where, he and I
must submit to take our fair proportion of tt.
I now give notice to my colleage, that it is my
, purpose to examine  the expenditures in the Post
I Office Department.
i For this year they amount to                -    $158 000
Tn 1829 they were       -           -           -      $67,000
It is known to all, that in order to keep pace
with the rapidly growing and extending population
of our country, it has become necessary greatly to
extend the mail facilities. This circumstance alone
justifies a great increase of expenduue for this ob-
ject. Moreoier, as iaras the revenue of the De-
partment would allow increased mail facilities, the
interests of the people have been looked to, and
their wishes complied wi h: care being taken that
¡he expenditure should notsxceeJ the income. The
increase of mail routes and post offices, rendered
an addition to the number of c erks in the Depart-
ment also necessary, where it is admitted that men
-voik wi'h trióle untiring .ndastry than in any other
i Department of the Govtrnment.   This necessary
increase of expense app' ats to me to be beyond the
i pale of the gentleman's censure.
The expenses of the Judiciary have been un-
q'iostionably much enlarged. But does not my
colleague know that more judges have been added
to the beech of the Supreme Court—more to the
District Courts? Was any objection made to the
additional judges on the p^aae of the law piovtd-
inz for their app"tn.mfnt? Toe measure wa^ po-
puhr, and but s ight objection was made to it from
any quarter.    If this be so, is  the Administration
¡  to be charg d with extravagance because the courts
cost more now than they did ten years ago?
[Mr. Wise. I shall vote ;xny thing for the Ju-
diciaiy ]
Mr. Jones. My colleague will vote any thing
for the Judiciary. He will unhesitatingly accede
to any increase of expenditure for this single de-
partment. He admits, tjjen, that the expenses un-
der this head must be necessarily progressive; but
not so in reference to other branches of expendi-
ture: for them no increase is to be tolerated. I
congratulate my colleague foi extending his benevo-
lence even to the Judiciary. .To this increase of
expenditure he has no objection to make; and yet
the addition to the pppropnaticns for this object
consitutes no sma'l item in the sgg,es;ate of ex-
penditures which he so«trongly condemns.
In 1839 th'-re «a; dra^n from (lie Treasury to
defray the necessary expanses of the Judiciary, the
sum of $239 000, while for the service of 1840,
$429,0Ü'J are es'imated to be indispens«ib'e: making
a di'i-rerce of $19'),0f¡0. For this difference,
th u,h gre;>t, my coi'ea,rue can find a full justifi-
cation, and lie eAteidseter it the mantle of hi* ap-
probation. He tríen should no' only approve the
expenditure, but >n his calculations 'deduct it from
the aggregate, wliich he characterizes as extrava-
gant.
But ihere are other deductions, which, in justice,
he is caded upon to make. Can he find no sufli-
ci^nt reason to justify the i' creased expense of sur-
veying the public land-? He must know that tn«
quantity of land brought into maiket during the
last three years, greatly exceeded m each year, that
which was sold in 1829. The increase in the de-
mand, rendered necessary more extensive surveys,
