April, 184®.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GtOBE.
4f$
£6th Cong««««1st Skss.
¿Ipprop ia,ion Bill—Mr. Jones.
H. of Reps.
and co'iS*q en'ly the empliyment o¡ a latg r   ce
er survejors and assistants ihe establishment of
new land office , w>th tbe>r inseparable appendages
—in a won), the enlargement of the waole land
office machinery.
Toe immense accession to the qnamity of lands
sold within the last few years, warrants the increase
of expenditure in this department. Purchasers for
the lands appeared; for iheir benefit and accommo-
dation, the surveys were made. Tne quantity of
land sold, justifies the extent of the surveys, and
the extension of the suvejs involves a pto laia
increase of expense. Here, then, we have another
item to be deducted from the sum total d> nominat-
ed extravagance. The subtraction of $175 000
will produce a material diminai on in the excels
complained of, in the civil list of the p-esent year.
Bat it may be said, grantiug the validity of the
reasons which vindicate the excess of the present
appropriations over those of 1839, what argument
is there to justify the reckless prodigality which
asks for a sum this year, so surprisingly dispropor-
tionate to the ¿mount required last? The explana-
tion is ea«=y. Last year, and the year preceding,
large balances of former appropriations remained
unexpended, which were applicable to the service
of those years. The reasons why larger sums had
been asked at former pericdj, than were actually
expended, are too obvious to require exp'anation.
As these ba'ances remained, but very small sums
were asked and appropriated for those two years.
Now, all the appropriations have been exhaused,
and consequently, the appropriation for the present
year mast be sufficient to cover all the anticipated
expanses of bringing into market tht immense
quantity of land wh'cb. it is proposed to survey
and offer for sale.
There are still other deductions to be made from
the aggregate of alleged extravagance; but these
will not require an elaborate detailed investigation
I shall bring the items to the view of my colleague
as rapidly as possible, and thus satisfy him of ihe
injustice of his accusations. In 1829 there was
but one mint, the op*rations of which creatf d a
charge on the Government of little more than
$95,000. Since that lime, gold has been found in
large quantities in many portions of the Southern
country, which has led to the establishment of
three branch mints; and now the annual expenses
of the four amount to $ 138 000. In passing I
may oHserve that the appropriat on for the prin-
pd mint infPhiladelphia this year, is one-third le's
than was required for it in 1629. Again, in that
year there was drawn from the public Treasury
only $55 000 to defray the expenses of the Tei-
ritories, while for the same branch of expenditure,
$123,000 are required at preterit. For the in-
crease incurred for these objects, my col-
league will not venture to mcalpate the Ad-
ministration; nor can he, with any show of
reason, charge it with unwarrantable extrava-
gance because mare public buildings are in progress
of erection in this District and elsewhere, than
there were at the period referred to: since, owing
to causes against which human providence csnnot
' always guard, several costly public build.ngs have
been destroyed by fire, and the erection of oihers
more durable rendered necessary. In 1823,
$83,000 ware required for this purpose; now not
leas than $474,000 are wanted. Then $391,(100
more, must be subtracted from the amount of wha
my colleague denounces as extravagance
Again, he mustkno v that various circumstances
have tended to enlarge the number of the diplomatic
corp«, and to increase the expense of our foreign
intercourse; commercial re'ations have been esta-
blished under treaties with nations, with wh ch, ten
years since, we had no such connection. TVat
this item oí expenditure should be greater now
than it was in 1820, cannot fail to strike all, as
unavoiiabte. Under this head, he must subtract
$34,000. When all these equiutle and piofassedly
neces-ary deducti ns sha 1 have been made, he will
fibd the charge of extravagance not only not instly
imputable to thk Administration, but that it recoils
upon that which has received such overwrought
eulogies from himself and his friends for its econo-
my. Many of the items that swelled the amount
which has elicited his denunciations, have been
r< nd-ie 1 neCf- &< y tu t'ie g< n 1u 'I mc eieo h '
warns < f h  na'i ■ , ar ^ing from the tnUigemrnt
of our popu a io", and the oihe' causes innden al
t> increasing piosperiiy and resources.; other*, such
a* 'he public buildings, are conifhgent and extraor-
dinary, but necessary and proper. I have gone
through the princ pal details, which have contri-
buted to expand the aggregate of expenditure pro-
vided lor by this bill, and which has been called
extravagant. I shall now c>llect them in one
tab e, and by subtracting their sum from ihe who'e
amount in the bill, it  i'l be clearly seen, that so
far from d serving censure for its prodigality, ihis
Administration merits commendation fur it* eco-
nomy.
The whole expenditure for the civil list, miscel-
laneous, and foreign intercourse, for the year
1840, amounts to    -           -           - $4,972,000
For the same objects in  1829, there
were required          ...   3,1C9,000
Making a difference in favor of 1829,
of.....
But the sums which I have shown not
to be liable to the charge of extiava-
8 a nee, must be deducted from this
difference, viz:
For the pay and mileage of members
of Congress -           -           -          -
For the contingencies of Congress
For the increased expenses of the Post
Office          ....
For the Judiciary'       ...
For surveys of the public lands
For the expenses of the mints
For the Territories     -
For public buildings   -           -           -
For the diplomatic,corps
$1,803,000
361,000
240,000
91,000
190,000
220,000
43 000
68,000
391,000
34 000
Altogether making the sum of             - $1,641,000
Which, subtracted  from the   amount
against 1840, will leave the small
sum of       ....    $162000
Thus by a careful examination of a few items of
Ihe bill which I have  discussed, I show disiinc'ly,
that after a lapse often years ma country of un-
precedented growth, the ¡.rodiga'ity of this extrava-
gant Administration has incrva ed the civil list but
163,000 do'hrs. Heave the question here, although
still further deductions might b" made.
It canno' have escaped ihe attention of ihe com-
mittee, that in the preceding argument I have
yielded every advantage to the opponents of this
bill. I admire the tact which selected the year
1829 to bring it in contrast wiih the present But
confident in the cau^e I am defending, I followed
their lead, and joined issue with them on their own
ground. Why that year was so cautiously chosen
1 have already intimated. But even with this dis-
advantage, I think I have demonstrated the charge
of extravagance to be groundless.
But my colleague di es not like details. It is due
to him that he should be gratified, and that the
question should be argued in the manner wh'ch he
prefers. By adopting h's moJe of reasoning, I
shall show that it is not only fallacious and incon-
clusive, but unjust. The administration of the
gentleman from Massachu.etts has besn held up to
us, as a model of economy, and the subsequent ad-
ministrations have been d nouncrd as extravagant.
Suffer me for a moment to adopt his mode of rea-
soning, and comparing the aggregate expenditures
of ore year of ihe Administration when economy
was the order of the day, wiih a year in the Ad-
ministration thst succeeded it. In 1828, (one of
Mr. Adams's administraron) a year of economy,
ihe whole amount expended for the civil list, mis-
cellaneous and foreign intercourse, was $3,826,579;
in 1830, (one of General Jack'on's,) a year of ex-
travagance, the amount expended for the sim  ob-
jects was $3 469 616; the extravagance rosti-g the
cuntry about $357,000 less than tbe ecoiomv.
Such is the result of tie mor'e of reasoning adopted
by my colleague, when applied to the appropria-
tions piovided for by bills at the period to which I
have referred. According to hi* method of argu-
ment, the inference is irresistible, that the year
1823 was one of most faulty extravagance. Per-
haps he will not yield his assent to this; but it is
j i t as fair, and 'he cucu- on as ¡airly deduced, as
ti e one he t-a reached in retcrence to the appropri-
ations in ihs bill.
I have now presented to the committee the rea-
sons which appear to me satisfactorily to account
for the diffetence between the amount apprcpriated
in 1829 for the civil and diplomaiic expenses of the
Government, and that proposed to be appropri-
a'ed by the bill under consideration, for the same
objects in 1840, and which, to my mind, clearly re-
but the chaige of extravagance urged by my col-
league with so much ronfHence.
13th April.
Mr. Wise next ol tuned «he floor, and insisted
on ihe ground he had befe re taken in reftrence to
the extravagance o' the present Administration; in
illustration of which, he went into a comparison
of the expenditures under the different Presidents,
from General Washington downward; concluding
Ihe whole by stating, that this Administration had
doubled the expenditures of its illustrious prede-
cessor.
Mr. Jones rose in reply. Mr. Chairman: The
remarks of my colleague again render a brief ex-
planation incumbent on me. I wish merely to
call the attention of the committee to a single view
which has been taken by him. I am so anti
quated in my notions of the propriety of debate,
that I have endeavored to adhere scrupulously to
the subject under discussion, and have steadily re-
sisted every attempt to lead me into an argument on
extraneous matters. My minuteness may have
exposed me to the necessity of responding to nu-
merous interrogatories, which my colleague, in his
zeal, has chosen to propound; but my opinion of
the correctness of the views I have presented, is
still unchanged, notwihstanding the authority of
contrary opinions which have been advanced in
the discursive debate, that has taken up the time
of the committee for several days.
Those presented by my colleague have evinced
a full proportion of this erratic spirit. He has
not attemp'ed to rebut any proposition which I
have submitted; he has not pretended to discuss
any quest.on which is calculated to contribute to a
fuil understanding of the bill. Instead of confin-
ing himself to the path marked out by the laws of
reasoning, and the rules of debate, restricting him-
self, as I have attempted to do, to the bill under
consideration, he has preferred to furnish us with
indistinct outlines of the history of every Adminis-
tration, and to give a comparative view of their
general expenditures? And what conclusion has
he established by his labor? Why, that there has
been a gradual increase of expenditure from the
days of Washington down to the present time.
[Mr. Wise.   Not gradual]
Mr. Jones. Notwithstanding the dissent of my
colleague, I still miintain the augmentation of ex-
penditure to have been gradual iu the whole lapse
of time to which I have referred; and that the in-
crease has steadily progressed with the increase < f
population, and the enlargement of resources, un-
til the total of expenditures has reached, as my col-
league says, the enormous su«n of thirty-seven mil-
lions of dollars; or, to speak more correctly, for I
wish here to have the full benefit of the amount,
until it has reached the sum of more than thirty-
nine millions of dollars.
[Vfr. Wise. I spt ke of the average ]
Mr. Jones. I do not design to follow my col
league through the whole range of his argument.
The tediousness of such a reply would be wholly
unnecessary. I wi'l meet him in his strongest
hold—I will take the case which, in his opinion,
operates mest fon-ib'y against me; and I feel no
apprehensions for the result.
Assume the greatest amount yet expended under
any Administration to have been in the year 1838,
reaching the total of more than thirty-nine Bul-
lions of dollars. This sum, my colleague asserts,
is threefold the expenciture in any year during the
administration of the gentleman from Messachu-
setts, [Mr. Adams] I make no comment at pre-
sent on the accuracy of this assertion; but, for the
sake of the argument, grant the correctness of the
statement. I am called upon to account for the
difference, and I will do so.   To make this expon-
