May, 1840.  _________
26th Cong......1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
most careful examination of the provisions of that
bill—after comparing thetn with the authority
given to Congress, by the express terms of the
Constitution, to legislate upon that subject—I am
compelled, from a sense of duty, to oppose it, as
both unconsiitouonal and inexpedient. Could I
be pushed forward to a vote upon this bill from the
mere impulse of feeling, that vote would be in fa-
vor ef its passage. There is no man, within or
without the walls of this Senate chamber, who can
more feelingly commiserate the misfortunes of his
follow beings than myself. There is no man who
can be more sensible to the reverses—the sad rt-
unts—which have, within a few years past, taken
place in the affairs of individuals. I am not igno-
rant of the character or tne extent of this calami-
ty to oar business community. It has spread over
the land like a pesti'ence. Wealth and indepen-
dence have, by magic as it were, been changed to
poverty and wietchedness. A sort of mania had
seiied upon our community, and by a course of
untoward adventures and speculations, had in-
volved in obe common deluge of disaster and dis-
tress the fortunes of the rich and the hard earnings
of the industrious. These facts are too well known
to me. I have «en and heard mere than I can
now well describe. But how hare all this occurred?
No man who has bren an attentive observer of
events for the last three years—no man who has
been a faithful looker on here in Vienna—but
must admit that the most improvident, wild, and
unwarrantable abuse of individual credit, has
brought upon the country and the community the
distress and di may which now overwhelm the
land.
"The general system of credit, which has been introduced
through the agency ol Panics, brought home to every man's
door, has produced a fictitious state >if things, extremely ad-
Terse to the sober, frugal, and industrious habits which ought
to he cherished m a Republic In place of these virtues, ex-
travagance, idleness, and the spirit oi gimblingadventure, have
been engendered and lostered by our institutions "
Tt.ese are sober truths—sad realities. I mention
not these things in the spirit of reproach; I men-
tion them not in the language of complaint. No,
sir, I sta e the facts as they exist; and I am too for-
cibly reminded, by my own sad expedience, to en-
tertain a doubt of the truth of my dec'aration.
There is, beyoni all doubt, a deep fee'ing, an
extraordinary embarrassment, the mo*t poignant
distress, pervading the indebted classes of our com-
munity. Would to God thai I had power, coexten-
sive with my disposition, to remove them. If it were
so, and were no other interests involved, I wou'd at
once relieve the debtor from the burden which bears
him down. I would drive from his mmd those dread-
ful forebodiBgs which liken him to the maniac. I
would impart to his mental energies the mighty in-
fluence of freedom. I would encourage h s physi-
cal efforts, by all the hopes and promises which ho-
nest industry can inspire. But, sir. I have no
such power. As a member of this body, in my ac-
tion upon this measure, I cm only be guided and
controlled by the lights of the Constitution. The
only authority I can or shall presume to exercise
over this subject, is conferred by the Constitution
iUelf. And what is that authontj? What are
the -terms of the specific grant of power contained
in that instrument? " Congress may pass umrorm
laws upon the subject of bankruptcies, throughout
the United States." It is by virtue of this clause
that the bill now before the Senate has been report-
ed from the Committee on the Judiciary. That
specific grant of power confers upon Congress no
authority to pass this bill. What is this prrject,
but a bill for the abolition of all the subsisting
debts and for the abrogation of all the existing
contracts of the country? This is the true character
of the measure; and unless Senators are prepared,
bya most liberal construction of the power conferred
—a construction which the kind and generous feel-
ings of the heart might lead them to adopt—they
can find, in my judgment, no sufficient warranty
for the passage of this bill.
It is my purpose to examine this subject, and I
hope to be able to show that the particular mea-
sure now before the Senate cannot be sustained by
the authority of tie Constitution. That it is not
recommended by any considerations of general ex-
pediency. That, notwithstanding the degree of pe-
cuniary distress and of individual indebtedness ex-
isting in the country, relief is now within the
the power of every honest debtor. The statutory
provisions of the States, aided by the force of po-
pular opinion, will afford sufficient remedies for all
existing evils.
Mr. President, I represent, in conjunction with
my honorable colleague, an almost exclusively
agricultural community—a body of as industrious,
patriotic and intelligent farmers, as can be found
within the limits of our Republic. But, sir, I
know not the sentiment of an individual citizen of
my State in relation to this subject. I have not
myself received fiom New Hampshire the first let-
ter or the first memorial touching this question.
My colleague may have been more fortunate. I
am wholly ignorant of the views of my worthy
friend near me [Mr. Lang, of my State,] upon this
matter. In the absence, then, of all information of
the opinion', feelings, and wi-hes of my constitu-
ents, I have been indued, with all the care and at-
tention I could bestow, to examine the details of
the bill reported from the committee, and the
amendment proposed to that bill by the Senator
from New Jersey; and the conclusion* to which I
have come will be freely stated. They have been
most conscientiously f rmed, and lormed against
the whole current of my individual feelings; and if
they shall be approved by my constituency, I shall
not only derive from that fact a high personal grati-
fication, but it will confirm me in the soundness
of the views I shall have expressed. According to
my reading of the Cons'itution, as I understand
ihe letter of that instrument, Congress has not the
power to pass ihe bill repoited by the committee.
At the adoption of the Constitution of the United
Staie=, the distinciOT between an in<-oli/eni, and a
bankrupt system, was well unders ood in Eng'and,
and as well understood in our own country.
And, since that per od, they have been equally well
understood in England, by our own Government
and by the Stati-s of this confederacy. They have
been always regarded as totally distinct systems;
the one Jiaving for its object to aff >rd a summary
and speedy remedy for creditors, against fraudu-
lent or lading traders—the other affording relief to
insolvent debtors of all denominations. The
one embraces particular classes wi'h>n its pro-
visions, and froin the circumstance of their con-
nection with the commerce and trade of the coun-
try, they can only be reached by the exercise of
that power conferred upon Congress, "lo pass unt-
form laws upon the subject of bankruptcies" while
the other comprehends debtors of every description,
who can only be relieved by the States, in the ex-
ercs" of the power res°rved to them, but not in a
way "to impair the obligation of contracts." In
1827, when a bill was before the Senate, for esta-
blishing a uniform system of bankruptcy through-
out the United States, it was remarked, in sub-
stance, by one of the most distinguished statesmen
of our country:
"That if Congtess had the constitutional power to pass a
voluntary bankrupt bill as applicable to all classes of the com-
munity, (which he regarded as an insolvent law,) the States had
no right to pass any law upon the subiect of insolvency; not
even to authorize the discharge of debtors imprisoned upon a
process issuing out of their own courts, otherwise than as it
might suit the pleasure or convenience ol Congress to per-
mit
" There was no middle ground If the partition wall between
bankruptcy and insolvency were broken down, all State legis-
lation was subject to the arbitratry, and absolute supervision of
Congress."
Tnese views are sound, practical,full of good sense
and are familiar to the understanding of the com-
munity; and I cannot but regard the bill now be-
fore the Senate as a general insolvent system, unau-
thorized by that clause of the Constitution which
gives authority to Congress " to pass uniform laws
upon the subject of bankruptcies " It is made to em-
brace all classes of the community wuhm its provi-
sions, and hence assumes the character of a general
insolvent bill. The power conferred is specific, and
cannot be enlarged by construction. Congress, I
admit, has authority to pass laws upon the subject cf
bankruptcies, and to make them uniform through-
out the United States; but they derive no power
from that provision of the Constitution to abrogate
all contracts between man and man, to abolish all
the debts of the country, to destroy the relation
between debtor and creditor. The subject of bank-
ruptcies over which Congress had aa exclusive
jurisdiction, at the time of the adoption ef oar
Constitution, bad a technical as well as a popular
signification; and in no sense was it supposed to
embrace any class of persons but that engaged in
«rade.
From the act of Henry VIII to the bankrupt
law of George IV, passed as late as 1825,
which provides for the discharge of the debtor front
his pre-existing liabilities, I have not been able,
from my researches, to find a single enactment
which, in terms, includes any class within
its provisions except those who are deno-
minated tiaders; and had the framers of the
Constitution designed to have given to Con-
gress any greater power over this subject
than was contemporaneously exercised in England,
it is pas-ii/g strange that the additional power was
not expres-dy conferred. No one will say but
that the bankrupt system of England, so far
as it included those upon which it was intended
to operate, was not perfectly well understood by
the statesmen and constitutional lawyers cf our
own country, at the lime of the adoption of our
Constitution. And it is difficult for me to concieve
why the specific grant of power was not enlarged
in terms-, if it was intended to be made more com-
prehensive than was the existing bankrupt system
of England at that time, and then in full force. No
one will say that bankruptcy and insolvency are
synonymous terms; they were not then so un-
stood elsewhere—they were never so understood
here. "In strictness, no person but a trader can be
a bankrupt." Bankrnpicy is applied to mer-
chants and traders—insolvency to other persons.
To bankrupt is to break one m trade. These defi-
nitions are given by one of the most approved
lexicographers that has ever given us the meaning
of E' glish terms. A bankrupt is defined by ano-
ther to be "a trader who secretes himself, or does
certain other acts tending to defraud his creditors.
The derivation of the term it«elt shows that it
was originally descriptive of a "broken trader."
A bankrupt law is well de-enbed to be such a
law a«, upjn a bankrupt sui rendering all his pro-
perty to commissioners for the benefit of his cre-
ditors, will discharge him from the payment of all
his debts. Tae power to pass such laws is con-
ferred upon Congre-s, and I admit that they must
be unilorm—they must operate alike throughout
the United States, and upon the subsisting con-
tracts between merchants and traders, as a
distinct class of debtors, and their creditors. This
is what I understand to be the subject of bank-
ruptcy—the subject upon which Congress is
bound in its legislation to adopt uniform laws—
equally protecting the interests of creditors and
the rights of debtors who may constitutionally be
embraced in a general system of bankruptcy.
What can possibly be the subject of bankruptcies,
upon which Congress is required to pass uniform
law, but the debts, the contracts, the personal
rights, subsisting among those upon whom the law
can be made constitutionally to operate?
Entirely different is an insolvent system. The
unfortunate and embarrassed debtor seeks tempo-
rary relief under the operations of this system; and
the States, under"-their reserved powers, provide
this temporary relief, according to their own dis-
cretion. They cannot impair the obligation of
contracts; but in almost every State of the Union,
insolvent laws of some description have beea
passed, looking to the benefit of the unfortunate,
and securing to the debtor the privilege of obtain-
ing temporary relief from pressure and embarrass-
ment. These laws are different in different States;
but the power of passing them is reserved to the
States, and cannot be exercised by Congress.
"Under a special grant of power to us in 1789,
to pass '-uniform laws on the subject of bankrupt-
cies," how could we then extend those laws to per-
sons who at that time were not within the letter
or spirit of the bankrupt sys'em, any more tuan
we could extend them to distinct subjects of land
titles, or forms of legal proce ? It need hardly te
argued that if we, as the agents of the several
States, with explicit powers, undertake to construe
the extent of these powers broader than what
we know the langaage was then understood to
