May, 1840.
26th Cong.......IstSkss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Hubbard.
C$€H&1&«
asesas
■i :i,
clause, instead of being assented  to, would have
produced, in my judgment, an entire revolt among
the people.   The farming classes of our communi-
ty were not mingling in the active business opera-
tions of the country.   Tney were  not accustomed
to that rigid and precise punctuality and prompt-
ness so essential to the honor and credit of the mer-
chant.   They confided in each other—they knew
each other's responsibilities and resources; and will
any man say that it was contemplated by the fra-
mers of our Constitution, that if a farmer—an in-
dustrious mechanic—a hard handed workingman,
should commit, according to the law of merchants,
an act of bankruptcy, that he might, thereupon, be
compelled to submit to the severe operations of an
involuntary bankrupt system? that if the farmer,
mechanic, or laboring man, should fail to pay his
note at the time and place of payment—that he
was to be declared a ban krupt,and that his estate, his
house, his property of every description was to be
taken from him, and his affair* to undergo an admi-
nistration in the lifetime of the owner? Sir, the idea
is preposterous; and he who would venture to argue
the policy ef any such measure, is little acquainted
with the character, spirit, and tone of indepen-
dence, whieh distinguishes the hardy cultivators of
our soil, and the industrious mechanics of our own
workshops.   Sir, no such bill as this would be f n-
duied.   It would be expunged from our statute
book by the force of public opinion—by the irre-
sistible sentiment of an   indignant  community,
sooner than were those odious acts of Congress,
"the alien and sedition laws"   Such a system is at
war with all the noble, generous, confiding feelings
of our agricultural community; and it is, sir, for
the reason   that   Congress has not   the  power
to   pass   a   compulsory   bankrupt    law,    em-
bracing all classes within    its   provisions,  that
I  deny the existence of the constitutional power
to pass the bill seeking to establish a voluntary
bankrupt    system,    and   embracing  within its
provisions the same  classes   of the community.
As I have before ¡raid, if the power of Congress to
pass this bill is admitted, the power is necessarily
yielded for every purpose.   Sir, pol cy may lead to
the recommendation of this measure at this time,
but beware of the consequences. Pass this bill—tne
power is admitted—the late of the mechanic and
farmer is thus jeoparded.
I well recollect the indignant feeling, the strong
popular bias, which existed in the public m.nd
against the bankrupt act of 1800- The fate of that
law should induce the Senate to pause, before it
gives its sanction to another bill, much more ob-
jectionable in its terms. But I refer lo the act of
|800, for the purpose of strengthening the position
I have assumed, that the framers ot the Constitu-
tion could not have intended to give, ncr does
the Constitution itself expressly give, to Congress
the power to inc'ude in a bankrupt system all
classes of the community? I have looked into the
history of that measure; and infer from the
fact that the law of 18J0 included only merchants
and tradr*^ within its provisions, that no olher
classes could be constitutionally embraced? This
law, it will be recollected, was brought forward
within a very few years after the adoption of the
Constitution, when the author of our Dec'araton
of Independence, and those who took an active part
in procuring the ratification ot the Constitution by
the sovereign people, were connected with the
councils of the nation; when, indeed, the Repre-
sentatives themselves, then fresh irom the people,
were of that very people; when this great palladium
of our political, civil, and religious rights, w«s consi-
dered, discussed, and finally adopted; and yet, not
a word or line is to be found within the bankrupt
act of 1800,comprehending agriculturalists and me-
chanics within its provisions. That fact itself is
high authority against any attempt, at this period of
our history, by the descendants of the fathers of
the Republic, to give such a forre! construction to
this specific grant of constitutional power. If
those who made the Constitution, familiar with its
terms, couversant with i's provisions, could not,
consistently with their sense of public duty, on the
passage of the first bankrupt bill, embrace all
classes of the community within its provisions, it
would seem lo me to be great arrogance, a violent
assumption of power, for us to assume the exercise
of such an authority under the same clause of our
Constitution.
Sir, no such power was presumed to exist then; no
such power was then attempted to be exercised.
And I regard this important fact, (considering the
time when the first bankrupt bill was passed, and
under what circumstances, and by the agency of
what men it was adopted,) as proof strong as
holy writ against the bill before us, and as a prac-
tical construction of the specific power conferred
upon Congre«s "to pass uniform laws upon the
subject of bankruptcies," given by those very
men who were not only cotemporary with the very
origin of the instrument, but who were active in
obtaining the assent of the people to its ultimate
ratification.
la the course of my remarks upon the unconsti-
tutionality of this particular bill, I have adverted
to the fact, that merchants and traders were in-
tended to be exclusively embraced within the pro-
visions of a national bankrupt system, on account
of their necessary connection with the commerce
of the country. In further illustration of that
idea, I would refer to the commentary upon the
Censtitu ion c f the United Sta'es by Justice Story,
wherein it is alleged that
"The power to pass laws on the subject of bankruptcies was
not in the original draft of the Constitution The original arti-
cle was committed to a committee, with the following proposi-
tion: 'to establish uniform laws upon the subject of bankrupt-
cies, and respecting the damages ansing on the protestor foreign
bills of exchange ' The committee subsequently made a re-
port in favor of incorporating the clause on the subject of
bankruptcies into the Constitution; and it was adopted by a
▼ote of nine States against one "                                              '
No better or more satisfactory evidence could be ,
adduced to show that this specific grant of power
to Congress, over this subject, was intended to in-
clude only merchants and traders. As that class
of our citizens has a necessary connection with
the general commerce of the country, and with the
commerce between ihe respe -tive States, this
power was intended to opera'e exclusively upon
them. Their business relations unavoidably
extended to all the commercial Srates cf
the Union. Debtors were to be found in
one, and creditors in another member of
the confederacy. And in this way it is easy to
acount rationally for the peculiar phraseology
adopted in the Constitution. Laws up n this
subj ct were to be uniform throughout the United
States. The bankrupt trader of Carolina was to
be subject to the same statutory provisions as the
bankrupt trader of Massachusetts. The rights of
all creditors ¿were equally protected in the one, as
in the other Sta'e. Cons'dering, then, the peculiar
circumstances under which this particular grant of
power was incorporated into the Constitution—con-
sidering the history of the times at the commence-
ment of our national Government—considering
the character and extent of the English bankrupt
system, at the adoption of our Constitution—I can-
not doubt that the framers of that instrument in-
troduced the specific grant of power to. Con-
grefS, "to pass unifoim laws upon the subject of
bankruptcies," with the intent of limiting its prac-
tical operation to those classes of our community
engaged in trade. With one single extract from
the Federalist, a work prepared and sent forth to
the American people by Mr. Madison and others,
to procure the ratificat on of the Constitution it-
self, I shall take leave of this branch of the sub-
ject.
"The power of establishing uniform laws of bankruptcy, is
so intimately connected with the regulation of commerce, and
will prevent so many frauds, where the parlies or their proper-
ty may lie, or be removed into different States, that the expedi-
ency of it seems not likely to be drawn in question "
But, if Congress had the power to pass this bill
under the Constitution, viewing it as I do, I should
nevertheless feel constrained to oppose it as inexpe-
dient and impolitic, because it provides exclusively
for a voluntary bankruptcy, and upon the tx parte
proceeding of the debtor himself. He causes him-
self to be declared a bankrupt, when and where he
pleace5. He selects hi* ow-i time—his own p'ace.
He make  all the needful preparation—he looks
into his own affa.rs—he passes in review his long
list of creditors—he selects one here, and another
there, and pays them the u termost farthing. No
one knows his motives; no eye can look into his
heart, except the eye of Omniscience; no man can
judge what is passing in his mind; he makes all
ready, and, without the agency, the assent, or even
the knowledge of his creditor, declares himself
a bankrupt. Nothing could be contrived by the
cunning device of man, which, in its effects, would
be more demoralizing upon the community, more
disastrous to the hopes of the debtor, than the very
measure before us. It is most admirably calcula-
ted to make honest debtors rogues. The tempta-
tions to fraud and deception are too strong
for an unfortunate debtor to resist. You say
to him, select your own time, your own place, ar-
range all your affairs, keep your own secrets, fa-
vor whom you will, do in all things as you please,
and, when every necessary preparation shall have
been made, proceed and declare yourself a bank-
rupt—deliver up to the assignees what little sub-
stance shall remain—be declared a bankrupt, and
claim a certificate of discharge from all outstand-
ing liabilities. There might be, under the opera-
tions of this bill, now and then an honest
proceeding; but in nine cases out cf ten, fraud
would be so nicely interwoven that the keen
and vigilant exertions, subsequently made, even
by a creditor himself, would not be able to
detect it. Yet fraud would lie concealed at the
foundation of the whole proceeding. The credi-
tor would know it; but unable perhaps to expose it,
he would mark the bankrupt as a knave, and a
long subsequent life of purity would not be suffi-
cient to wipe away the deep stain, with wh ch his
moral character would be tainted. An honest but
unfortunate debtor seldom appeals to his creditors
for indulgence or favor, without effect; but in our
action upon this bill, we seem to lose sight of
the great body of creditors; we seem to be le-
gislating without any regard to their interests;
we seem to forget that where there is a debtor
there is also a creditor; and in our great sympathy
for the former, we become cold and indifferent to
the claims of the latter. This very consideration
and state of feeling unfit us for fair, prudent, and
safe legislation upon the subject While we are
ready, from the abundance ot our good feelings,
to set the debtor free, to abrogate al< his contracts
and absolve him from all his debts, we should
bring to mind that the very act may not only bank-
rupt his creditor, but may also involve the fate
of an innumerable train of other honest credit-rs.
While we are load and long in expressing our
commiseration for the misfortunes of A, and are
ready by the strong impulse of feeling to procure
his deliverance from the bondage of debt, we
should remember that we may, by that very
act, bankrupt B; and his bankruptcy may produce
the ruin of C; ami so on to the end of 'he alphabet.
A fair, honest, straight forward dealer, on looking
into his affairs, counting upon his means, consi-
ders himself well eaongh to live, and retires from
ihe active scenes of life to enjoy the earn ngs of h.s
industry; but, in the twinkling of an eye, without
any agency, or even knowledge, on his part, hi;
long list of debtors have been declared bankrupts.
Embarrassment, if not utter rum, is inevitably his
fortune.
I have said, sir, that no unfortunate debtor ap-
peals in vain to his creditor for aid- His affairs
are examined, and forthwith his efforts are encou-
raged. He goes forward with renewed vigor, and
with fresh and confident hopes. This seas>onab'e
relief from an indulgent creditor has had the effect
desired. The man is saved; every debt is fully
paid; success has crowned his last efforts. But let
this bill pass—let the debtor procure himself de-
clared a bankrupt, without the agency, or even
knowledge of his creditor, and never can that
debtor again enter into the business of life with
any good prospects of success. He can gain no
new creuit. The kind and friendly relations once
subsisting between him and his creditors are en-
tirely changed. Their good opinion is alienated.
The debtor is forced to begin life anew without
means, without credit, and without friends—effects
resulting from the very acts which he would be au-
thorized to do. If this bill passes, it destroys the
confidence and the trust which must subset when
credit is extended; and one of the very objects
which the friends of this measure suppose would
be  accomplished by   its passage, would never
