488
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1840,
26th Cow«*"*l8T Smb.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
be realized—and that is, the immtdiate and ulti-
máis benefit to the debtor himself. It may afford
temporary relief to the debtor; but such a courss
cannot fail to excite the distrust, and to destroy ihe
confidence of the creditor, and must inevitably
lead to the embarrassment, if not to the utter dis-
may of the debtor himself.
I would not pass this bill, then, looking exclu-
sively and solely to the future interests of the insol-
vent debtor himself. In my firm belief, it cannot
fail to produce upon the moral character of the
debtor class the most deleterious consequences.
The following sentiment, offered in 1827, by a
most distinguished statesman, should induce the
Senate to consider well before they pass this act:
"Howaver meritorious a portion of the debtors of our coun-
try may be, and however honest they m ght prove in the sur
render of their estates under such a law, are we prepared to offer
the temptation, and to throw wide open the door to more than
five hundred thousand debtors of every description, dispersed
in every direction throughout the United States, to stain the
fair fame of their country, and defile the temple of justice with
their corruptions, their frauds, their prejudices, and suborna-
tions of perjuries, unul every moral principle is debased, and
every pecuniary obligation is dissolved' These were the
effects that flowed from the bankrupt law of 180O, when the
debtor  were very few, and the principles of morality more re-
spected. Therefore, what are we to expect from that heteroge-
neous host of paper credit dealers, brokers, stockjobbers, and
banking adventurers, which twerty-three years of 'imes of
more than ordinary character have thrown into the com'
rnunuyi Them st demoralizing effects must result from such
a bill as that before the Senate."
That bil', sir, was far less objectionable in its
details than the bill now before us.
Under the provisions of the bill emanating from
me majority of the committee, the order of things
is entirely reversed. The creditor becomes ihe
victim of the debtor; he is subject to his pleasure.
When the debtor wills he acts; not to protect the
in'erests of his creditor, but to free himself from
all existing liabilities, to put his creditor—the
man whose favor he had solicited, whose friendship
he had won, whose money he had obtained, and to
whom he had pledged his honor and his faith—at
defiance; to say to this creditor, I have enjoyed
the blessing* of this credit system to my heart's
content—I desire now to wipe off my debts—to be
declared a bankrupt; and this I intend to accom-
plish without your agency, and even without yonr
knowledge. The very man who would gladly
extend to his debtor, if desired, fnr'her favor, rather
than to see his substance, his whole estote, pass
from his control, and become subject to th* exclu-
sive order and direction of an assignee, is denied
all interference ia thi  matter. All offers of friend-
ship are contemned, and acts of kindness are re-
garded without favor.
Sir, this is neither honest nor just. For what
purpose does the debtor declare himself a bank-
rupt? To free himself from embarrassment—to
be no longer made subject to the power of his
creditor—to give up his property in posses 
sion for distribution, and receive full ab-
solution from all prior contracts. This is the
avowed purpose of the bankrupt debtor. But
should any such purpose be carried oni with-
out the assent of, or even notice to the creditor,
a proceeding which contemplates a surrender of
the whole estate of debtors to assignees for the
benefit of creditors is to be commenced and pro-
secuted without their knowledge. I object most
strenuously to this feature of the bill. It is calcu-
lated to promote frauds, and utterly to destroy
tbat confidence so essential to the very life and
being of a trading community, Pass the bill of
the committee, and I ask what will be the inevitable
consequences? Will it benefit the debtor class to
the extent contemplated? Mb, sir. Will it aid them
in their future operations? Mb, sir. Will it tend
to «courage their hopes, and to stimulate their
enterprise? Will its passage afford them any sub-
stantial relief? Will it give them that permanent
good which has been so feelingly and eloquently
described on this floor? Mo, sir. There is a fatal
delusion touching this subject. Senators have
entirely miscalculated the benefits which would re-
sult to the debtor class by the passage of this bill.
Unless I have formed a most erroneous judg-
ment in relation to the ultimate effects of this
measure, debtors will find from sad experience
that it will prove an embarrassment rather than a
relief—a curse rather than a blessing. Pass this
Wl providing for voluntary bankruptcy, and yon
necessarily impose consequent burdens upon the
debtor, which his condition would illy enable him
to bear. I admit that he might, under the opera-
tions of this bill, obtain a full discharge from his
existing debts; bul this is a mere temporary relief.
One of the benign effects imputed to this measure,
according to the speeches of Senators, is not only
to set the debtor free, but to give him new impul-
ses—to stimulate hue to new enterprises—to put in
requisition all his mental and physical energies,
in order to regain a standing and to acquire
a character and influence, which have been
temporarily   lost   to    him   by    adverse   scenes.
But, how are these things to be accomplished?
True it is the debtor has obtained his certificate—
he is free from debt—he is without property; but
as true is it that, if his proceedings have been ear-
ned on against the will of his creditors, he will be
without credit, naked, powerless and moneyless,
and without friends. Can such a man engage in
new enterprises with any fair prospect of success?
Would not such a condition paralyze the active
energies of his mind? Could he go forward? Mb
sir, n«; he would a*k for credit, but woul I be an-
swered, you have abused the confidence reposed in
you; you have disregarded^he kind offers of your
creditors; youhave spurred our friendly overture;
you have taken our means against our will, and
without our knowledge, to obtain your discharge; you
have thus destroyed the very confidence and trust
which we had reposed in your honor and in your
integrity. The relations, therefore, which have
subsisted between us, can no longer be continued.
Such, sir, would be the responses which such
debtors would receive on attempting to engage
anew in business upon the credit of others. Men
are actuated by known principles in all their trans-
actions: a different course of conduct, under the
circumstances, would be opposed to the motives
and considerations which ordinarily influence hu-
man nature. How then, is tins voluntary bank-
rupt t  begin life again? How is he to take a new
departure? How is he to obtain a new credit? Sir,
in nine times out of ten his application would be
obstinately resisted, and never would it be accom-
plished but by the agency of responsible friends or
relatives. Men are not so injudicious and so im-
provident in the management of their pecuniary
affairs, that they will a sscond time trust their pro-
perty, without security, to an acknowledged bank-
rupt, who has only to consult his own interest, or
his own convenience, to again originate a like pro-
ceeding, as will lead to a second declaration oí his
bankruptcy.
Pass this bill, sir, and. my word for it, experi-
ence will show, that, although you may have given
to the unfortunate debtor temporary relief, you will
have added difficulties insuperable to his again em-
barking in successful business. While you have
discharged the debtor from his debts, you have
created an impassable breach between him and his
creditor. While you have obtained for him a cer-
tificate of freedom, you have bound him m the
worst shackles of slavery. True, he is free from
debt; but he has lost the confidence—he has for-
feited the support of the capitalist. He cannot
again embark, with any hope of success, in the
risks of trade.
The bill, in its details, secures no practical ad-
vantage to the creditor—he is not only denied the
privilege of participating in the proceeding which
leads to the consummation of the bankruptcy of
his debtor, but his rights are entirely overlooked
from beginning to end. The debtor is the sole ac-
tor in this scene. He enters and exits at his plea-
sure. He keeps his creditor ignorant of all his
movements, and I ask, would it be difficult for any
designing debtor, in possession of a large estate, to
make such transfers as would elude the closest
search of his creditor—as would prevent, in any sub-
sequent movement, the discovery of the truthl If this
bill is to find a place upon our statute book, it will
become, like the act of 1800, a fruitful source of
frauds and perjuries, disgraceful to the character of
our country.
With all the guards and checks incorporated in-
to this bill, the creditor will be unable to do any
thing. The very proceeding will not be stayed an
hour by the powerless efforts of a creditor.   The
debtor will be decreed a bankrupt. That wag
the object in view, and ihe end will sanctify the
means. Such portion of his substance as the
debtor himself, in the abundance of his liberality,
shall reserve for that pnrpo e, will be distributed
among his creditors. Now, sir, is it not palpably
wrong that, while we are giving to the debtor
these peculiar privileges, we should withhold all
from the creditor, when he may have good reason
to suspect that his debtor is a bankrupt? He may
wish to proceed against him, and to compel a sur-
render of his property for the benefit of his honest
creditors; but this is denied him. I ask, why shall
the debtor dec'are himself a bankrup ? It is an-
swered, that his effects may go to his honest credi-
tor"!, and he be d if charged. Be it so. Why, then,
shall not his creditor have the pnvi eae of showing
to the court acts of bankruptcy committed by his
debtor, in order to obtain the posse sion and con-
trol of his estate for the self same object? The in-
terest of creditors and the relief of debtors, lie at
the bottom of all this proceeding in bankruptcy.
By this bill, you say to the lattfr, you shall be the
exclusive judge when and how you can best ad-
vance the interest of the former, and promote your
own freedom from embarrassment. By this bill,
you coerce the former to follow in the wake of the
latter; you deny to them the right of judging how
their own interest can best be subserved. You, in
short, bind the creditor, head and foot, to the will
of the debtor. These are some of my objections to
the bill emanating from the majority of the com-
mittee. But, sir, before we pa=s this bill we ought
to survey the wljole ground. Adopt this provision
of voluntary bankruptcy, and you involve the com-
munity in confusion worse confounded; you add
to the embarrassment and distress of the country;
you break up all the relations between creditor and
debtor; you introduce a state of things, the evil of
which may be conceived, but cannot well be de-
scribed.
Pass this bill, sir, and you will drive every man
of property to distrust his fellow man—yon will
destroy the benefit of all well regulated credit, the
effect of which will beereatly to augment the em-
barrassments of the business communities. I look
upon the passage of this bill as a fruitful source of
frauds—as productive of consequences to the com-
munity deeply to be deplored. Sir, before we give
our sanction to the. measure, we should at least
pause lorg enough to bring to our recollection the
baneful effects of ihat bankrupt system which re-
ceived the sanction of Congress in Í800. It cannot
fail to be remembered that it produced the most
demoralizing and damning influence upon the cha-
racter of our country. The grossest frauds and
perjuries were but ihe ordinary effects of that mea-
sure; and although its operation was limited to five
years, yet such were its deleterious effects upon
the community, that, by the force of public senti-
ment, it was repealed at the end of three-fifths of
the time allotted for its existence. Pass this bill,
sirt and ihe youngest member of this Senate may
not have years of penanc  enough left for him in
this life, to atone for all the evils which its passage
may inflict upon the country. The sad experience
under the act of 1800 should deter Congress from
any new experiment. I look upon this scheme as
pregnant with the most mischievous effects. Credit
is of too delicate a character to be violently as-
sailed—it is too sensitive to be roughly handled.
And may I not ask who is benefited by credu? who
seeks to obtain it? who grants, and who receives?
An honest and just answer to these inquiries
should at least check the debtor in any course
which shakes the confidence and trust of the cre-
ditor.
This measure is not called for by the mechanics,
farmers, agriculturalists, and working classes of
the State in which I live. I have said, sir, that I
know not the sentiment of a single citizen of New
Hampshire up n this subject; but if there was any
such feeling there, as has been described with so
much impressiveness and eloquence as existing in
other sections of our country, sure I am mat
my colleague and myself would have learned
ihe will of our coni ituents before this time.
They would have expressed their opinions
freely, and confidently called upon w to carry
