M*y, 184ft.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cove,...-1st Sess.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
into effect their *Mies.    But, sir,  I greatly  mi¡>-
take theshnsof the times, it the  farmers ot   our
country, etnerally, feel any great solicitude for the
fa eof Husmeaste. rV?m eBgtgedm trade, i dvcn-
tureisand sjecola'ors, have been knocking loudly
at the d >or of th* Seiate, and  are now anxiously
lo<knig for the pa s*ge of ihi^ tul!.   Thev ask re-
lief in or Vr to start afresh; they are now in bond-
age; iA*$ ww* /• <'&«''V>  they are  trammelled in
th-tr (prMtn n-; ¡hev st ek to obtain a full discharge
1< is ail aceompi'ined.    Then ihey will a'tetnpt to
eo foiti again, doub in? their diligence, their haz-
ards, their adventmes, in   "he  hope that sncce s
miv at eid ibeireff rts.   They bee me, however,
once more involved by reason of treir mad «•pecu-
lanon—>h> r hopeshave been deluded—theirantici-
pai ons havenrt ben real z-d; they rind themselves
o'ce more bankrupt, if not in characltr, in proper-
ty; and it this bill p4*ses, they  will again  go forth,
and in doe time obtain a second deliverance from
their indebtedness.   I leave lor others to de«eant
upon the molality of such a proc eding.   It can
find no favor with me.   Sir, we are blinde-1 by our
feelings, pust>el on by our prejudices, and are rea-
dy, bodv and  out,to enlist under the banner of the
debtor; while the poor creditor, whose ch ldren are
left penniless; whose prospects have all been blight-
ed by the madness, corruption, and fraud of his debt-
ors, can excite none of our sympathy, or awaken
in bis behalf even the ordinary feeling of exact jus-
tice.   Oor feelings have taken a wrong direction.
"Judgment feas fled," and passion has assumed
the place of reason.
There aie other objections to the bill before the
Senate. It takes fiom our Sate courts and trans-
fers to the Federal courts, th<* entire control ol the
real and persona! property ot the insolvent debtor.
After the decree of bankruptcy has been made,
" all the property of every name ard natare " of
the bankrupt, is, by mere operation ef law, divest-
ed ont of such bankrupt, and vested, by force of
the same decree, in an as gnee, to be appointed by
the court. An 1 every subs-quent proceeding in
relation to said property must receive the sanction
of the court havini jurisdiction of the subject mat-
ter. And no longer are we to look into tee effic"
of county registers and of county conns for the evi-
dence and history of titles t<> individual property,
but to the records of the Federal couns of the
country. This will be lound in practice to bs an
evil of no ordinary character. Under the pro-
vision* of this bill ihe assignee is required to reduce
to money ihe property committed to his charge, and
to cause a dividend to be mace as often as once in
six months, from the time of the decree declaring the
bankruptcv; aiid within a period of one year after
said decree, all the proceedings in each case shall be
finally sett'ed, adjusted, and brought to a close
Pass this bill, and let ib/se provisions be rigidly
executed, and the better halt of all the estates of
bankrupts mast unavoidably be sacrificed. Pass
but this bill, and it wou d not only in name be a
bankrupt measure, but in its i-onsequences, effects
and operations, would, in truth, produce a gene-
ral bankruptcy.
I have, Mr President, said all I wish to of-
fer against the constitutionality and expediency
of the bill reported by the majority of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. I cannot give to the
measure my support. I should regard its passage
as a palpable vioiatiou of the Constitution.
I should consider the adopttoa of this mea-
sure a< unsettling the foundation of our so-
cety—as an inv.tation to fraud and corruption—
as a direct and vi' lent attack npon the rights of
properly—as sacrificing the interests of one portion
of the community, and that, too, without their ab-
sent ot knowledie,/or the bentfit of another. I look
upon it as sanctioning the principle that the pri-
vate property of one citizen, without hs consent,
may be taken, not for the public use, but for the
use and benefit of another citizen.
Entertaining these sentiments, I must oppose the
passigeof the bill.
The amendment propo<¡ed by the Senator from
New Jersey is much less < bjectionable ih<m the bill
itself. But, sir, unless there can be som* material
modifications of the substitute, it cannot be ac-
ceptable to me.   I entirely approve of one pur-
pose, distinctly m-uuteMed in ihe proposed emend
men'; and that is to include banks and < 'he> cor-
p< rations concerted in the bus'ne-s o1 faite, within
its provision-. This punciple, it adopted by the
Senate, would reconcile me to the amendment,
wnh MK'h modifiiijdons a* I presume my honora-
ble friend himself wi uld be willing; to have made
I am in favor ot including cotporations absolutely
and unqualifiedly w'ihni the provisions of t*ie bill.
I would nit have their inclusion depend uptn
the act of the Sia'e Legis'atme. They areaiti-
fiftal person*; anl .h^ie wc uld be no more pro-
pri-ty to mike tneir in< liisio t dependent ;ipon the
«ill of the Sia'e wherein the corporation maybe
located, than to make the mention of natural per-
sons, cti'zens of the S ate, dependent upon the ac-
tion of her Le. i-lature.
Such corp rattons are comprehended within the
des¿ripuon of pers> ns whom Congress has the
power to embrace in a bankrupt bill. They are
most emphatically and most truly concerned in
trade; and if there is any reliance to be placed
on ru ¡or, snme of these banking institu-
tions have been most extensively connected in all
manner of speculation. Believing, as I do, that
Congress has the power to include these trading
corporations within the provisions of a bankrupt
bill, I am for this part of my friend's amendment,
with some si ght modification.
Mr. President, this is no new idea. It has long
been a subject upon which our pubic men have
reflectei and expressed opinion*. Immediately
after the close of the last war, when the commu-
nity was suffering most severely by the course
which had been pursued by the banks, we find in
an official report to Congress the opinions of one,
whose opinions, when known, cannot fail to be re-
spected
In March, 1816, the Secrrtarv of the Treasury,
Mr. Dallas, in replying to certain inquiries submit-
ted to him by "the Committee on the National Cur-
ruency, had suggested specific regulations-, with a
view to the ultimate collection of the dues of the
Government in gold and fiiver co n, and to compel
banks to redeem their paper in specie, went on to
remark, that
"A'tnough ihe success of these measures is not in any degree
doubted, ii may be proper lo add thai, if it ever shall become ne-
cessary to increase theirforce, provision might be made under
the constitutional power of Congress to subject ill banks and
bankers, failirg to pay their notes accord ins to ihe terms of the
con'ract, toa seizure uf their estates^nd effects, tor the benefit
of their creditors, asm case of alegalbankruptcy."
The then Secretary of the Treasury, a distin-
guished juri-t, entertained no doubt as to the*
power oí Congre-s over the State institution'!.
A' that early period of banking operations,
and when thee corporations had entirely dis-
regarded their ob'i-'aiions to the community, by
relusing to redeem their notes wi'h specie, ata
time when they had literally flooded the country
withth.ir irredeemable paper, ihis eminent law-
yer and sta'esman suggested the appropriate reme-
dy for such an evil: "A seizure of their estates and
effects for the beTefit of the.r creditors." This was
an adequate ¡>nd a-i appropriate remedy; and while
we are tuged to adopt a system of bankruptcy, look-
ing to the utitire suirender of the property of insol-
vent natural persons for the benefit of their credi-
tor*, a &ense of justice calls upon us, in my judge-
ment, to extend the provisions of the bill equally to
artificial person*.
Mr. Crawford also, in his able report upon banks
and the currency, made in 1820 to Congress, con-
veys a very s.milar idea to the one advanced by
Mr. Secretary Dallas, showing that, in his judg-
ment, banks might be made subject to the opera 
tions of a national bankrupt system. He re-,
marks, that "whenever the agency of banks should
be emplojed in furnishng part of the circulation,
a refusal or omiss'on to dúcharge their notes on
demand, in the national currency, should be treated
asan act of bankruptcy;" and most clearly where
a bank refuses to redeem its own promissory notes,
issued for a valuable consideration in specie, it
should be regarded as an act of bankruptcy, and
¡should subject the corporation to be proceeded
against as bankrupts. Any thing short of this
would be unequal and unjust, and would give to
these corporations, the creatures of ihe law, privi-
'e;es defied under a bankrupt system to rational
persons, the cieaors of the law; would extendió
those bouues- beings immunities withheld from the
active cla-ses ot our community.
I have made these allusions to show that the
propositan to íhciude corporations is no new pro-
j"C. It was suggested a* early as 1816, repente-1
in 1820, and pend.ng ihe bankrupt bill repor.sd ti
the betidte by ihe 1 ne General Hayne, of South
Carolina, it will be found that a similar amend-
ment was ti"ti proposed and discussed, but fina ly
rejected, as wasthebill it a'f.
It will be lound, on íeference to the history of
that pr cedintr, that the proposition to include
banks in ihe b 11 then before the Senate, was suh-
mit'el by Mr. Bivndi, of Nor h Carolina; and bis
motion was sustained not only by my fnen 1 upoi
my left, [Mr. Benton,] but al-o by Mr. STiith, of
South Carolina, Mr. Macon, Mr. Randolph, and
others.
I cannot, myself, fiel the force of the objections
which have been urged against this particular
amendment. It is said that Congress has no right to
interfere with State corporation-; that it necessarily
brings Congress into corifl.ct with the States. This
objection proves too much; it is, made by these
who sustain the bill from the commit es; and does
not the same objection, the same argument, hold
good to including individuals in a bankrupt bill?
Are the righ's of the States more sacred than the
rights of individuals'}
State laws regulate the collection of debts—de-
fine the rights of the citizen—declare the power of
the creditor ever the property and person of his
debtor. Does not the bill of the committee inter-
fere expressly with those rights? Does it not en-
tirely take them away? And is any doubt ex-
pressed as to the power of Congress over these in-
dividual rights Dy the friends of this measure?
No, s-ir. But u is said that any action of Con-
gress interfering with coiporations would bring the
General Government in conflict with ti e States—
a' much, and no more, than in the case of indi-
vidual rights.
Whence do these corporations derive their pe-
culiar and exclusive pnvi ege>? From Sta e legis-
lat'on. Whence do individuals derive the rights
seemed to th°m for the collection of their debts—
the power over the person and proper'y of their
debtors? From the same leaf-lat on of the States.
And an in e ference in tne one case is just as much
an attack upon State sovereignly asan interference
in the other.
It seems a predominant sentiment, that the hank-
ing institutions of the country must be protee'ed—
their sanciity must remain inviolate." I should
like to undei stand some good reastn for making a
distinction between insolvent artificial periods and
insolvent natural persons. 'If the merchants of
the country were to be nude bankrupt when they
eeased to pay their notes promp ly, why should not
incotporated banks, when placed in the same cir-
cumstances, be subjected to the same consequen-
ces?" No good reason for the distinction can be
assigned.
Certain it is that I have heard no satisfactory
reason stated why banking, manufacturing, and
other trading corporations, should not be included
within the operations of this measure. Mr. Pre-
sident, very recently a bank, which had been
incorporated nearly forty years, in my own State,
has failed, and ut'erly refuses to redeem its paper.
If rumor tells the truth, it has been under the con-
trol and direction of some of its largest dt btors.
How its affairs will be wound up, I am notable to
conjecture. But, sir, whenever it so happens that
a bank of discount shall improperly manage and
conduct is affairs, a regard to the interest of credi-
tors and of the community, demands that thecon-
cerns of such an institution should at once cease to
be controlled by its own director*, and be trans-
ferred to some disinterested tribunal, that shall, by
virtue of the law, administer its affairs with a view
to the rights of just and honest creditors. If such a
law as this had been in force, the funds of that
bank would not have been abstracted fox the par-
pose of private speculation—they would have been
employed for legitimate objects—for the use and
accommodation of our citizens.   Banks are sup.
