488
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May. 1840.
86th Cojfa~..—laT Skis.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. JJubbad.
Senate.
posed to be competent to afford ordinarily essential
relief and benefit to the community. They com-
bine the capital of individuals; and this concentra-
tion of capital enables them to extend accommoda-
tions beyond the means of individuals; and if such
a legislative provision as this had been in being,
the bank to which I have referred would
not have ventured to embark in any hazard-
out enterprises—it would, in troth, have kept
them constantly in check, and saved our com-
munity from the sacrifice of selling this bank paper
at fifty per cent, discount, and saved many of our
eitiwes from the embarrassments in which the fail-
are of the bank has involved them.
It is said that the States are interested in these
weal institutions, and that any interference by the
General Government  with their management, or
vim their concerns, would be a direct infringement,
not only of State rights, but a direct attack upon
State pieperty.   Mr. President, I have well consi-
dered this objection, and it seems to my mind, that
it has no good foundation.   The States are interest-
ed in banks, it is said, and, therefore, we most for-
bear  exercising   any   control  over  them.   The
States are stockholders and  so are individuals.
The banks have the credit of the State, and so
have they the credit of individuals.    Both are
stockholders and creditors.    I am an owner of
stock in a bank in New Hampshire.   My own
State is alto an owner of stock in one of her banks.
And shall this circumstance prevent Congress from
exercising its constitutional power over these insti-
tutions?   My amount of stock is equal to that
owned by my State.   As a creditor of the banks—
as a stockholder—as one anxious to have these in-
stitutions   well  managed   and   well  directed—
I   desire    to    have    them    made   subject    to
such legislation as shall tend to accomplish the ob-
ject.   But, inasmuch as the State happens to he a
stockholder, the hands of Congress are tied, it is
said; they have no power to act; they cannot in-
terfere with State sovereignty and with State rights.
I cannot yield ray assent to  this doctrine.   The
State is entitled to no higher consideration than any
other stockholder.    She has, as such, no more
power over the institution than her amount of
stock secures.   In the event of a failure, her loes '
is in the same proportion  to that of any other
stockholder, as the amount of her stock bears to
that of the individual stockholder.   She has, or
should have, the same interest in the judicious
management and successful operation of the banks
as other stockholders.   Her interests are embarked
with theirs; she is merely a partner with indivi-
duals in the capital of these institutions, entitled to
her just proportion of the profits, and subject to her
just proportion of the losses.   And shall it he said
that, under the Constitution, giving power to Con-
gress to pats uniform laws upon the subject of
bankruptcies, this authority  cannot   be  extend-
ed to hanks, for the reason that the Sute happens
to be the owner of one-twentieth, or one-tenth, or
one-fifth, or any other proportion of the capital
stock of a banking corporation?
Mr. President, my rights ss a stockholder are
just as sacred, just as maco entitled to protection,
as those of my State. We have bom become, by
the same proceeding, stockholders in a corporation
created by law, and there is no act of that corpo-
ration that can legally extend any greater favor to
the Slate, as a stockholder, than it can extend to
me. We have equal rights, equal privileges, and are
subject to the same duties; and opon what ground
can it be urged that this intere-t—this property
in banks possessed by the States—shall throw over
and around them such a panoply, such a shield,
as must secure them inevitably from the opera-
tions of any legislation of Congress? If this be
trae, banks are only to interest the Sutes in their
capital, and then they will be placed beyond the
control of the General Government. These insti-
tutions, from their very business and character
necessarily connected with (he currency of the
country—whose issues constitute the great portion
of the circulation—who are most extensively en-
gaged in exchanges, in all money operations,
at well as in the business of baying and
•effing—-tUuaU «fot  the fete, cannot be
reached by  any  bankrupt system which Con-
gress may esublish, because, forsooth, the
States within whose limits these institutions
are located, happen to be stockholders, part-
ners with others in their capiul; because they
happen to be, with individuals, the creditors of
these corporations. These objections are not well
taken; they are entirely unsatisfactory to my mind;
and, sir, having, with much care, examined the
bill offered by the Senator from New Jersey as an
amendment to the bill reported by the committee,
I shall not hesitate to vote for that part of the pro- i
posed amendment, which is designed to include
banks within the provisions of a bankrupt system.
1 believe this to be right and just, called far by
every consideration of propriety. And, sir, if the
Senator will consent so to modify that part of his
amendment as to take away the power of the
Sutes to have tbeir banking corporations embraced,
or not embraced, within the bill, I shall vote for it.
We either have, or have not, the constitutional
authority to include banks and other State
corporations within the provisions of this system.
If the power is conceded, then there would be
no fitness to leave the matter of their inclusion
dependent upon any subsequent action of State
Legislatures. Suppose that some of the States
should object to having their banks made, sub-
ject to this bankrupt bill, while others would
assent; would not the uniformity of the system be
marred by such a state of things? Would such a
provision be consistent with the exercise of the
constitutional power? Can Congress include the
banks of my State, and exclude the banks of South
Carolina? Can they include the banks of New
Hampshire, and make the inclusion of the banks
of other States depend upon their will and plea-
sure? Can Congress transfer its power to the Sute
Legislatures? Can it say that your institutions
shall be subject to the operations of the bankrupt
system, provided you shall interpose no objec-
tions?
Mr. President, this qualified legislation finds no
favor with me. I doubt the power of Congress to
make such an exception as that contained in the
amendment upon the subjeet of banks. I entertain
no doubt of the great injustice and inexpediency
of any such provision.
But, sir, let the principle now contended for be
carried out, that trading corporations created by
State legislation, cannot be reached by a bankrupt
bill, and the whole benefit of a bankrupt system
would be entirely lost, for it would bi within the
competency of State Legislatures to multiply these
artificial persons to any extent.
And it occurs to my mind that the interests
which Sutes for the time being may hold in their
corporations form no sufficient objection to their
inclusion within the provisions of a bankrupt sys-
tem, for this reason, (in addition to what has been
before urged,) that the States can at tbeir pleasure
part with that interest. The State may purchase
stock to-day and part with it to-morrow. Her in-
terest terminates whenever she shall so determine.
Let me ask, would there not be equal propriety
in saying to South Carolina, "Congress hai passed
a uniform law upon the subject of bankruptcy.
Now, it depends upon your action, whether your
citizens shall or shall not b« embraced, as to say
it depends upon your action whether your corpo-
rations shall or shall not be included." Would it
not be ridiculous far Congress to pass a bankrupt
bill, containing a provision that the natural per-
sons of Virginia shall not be included without the
express assent of that Commonwealth? And would
it not be equally objectionable for Congress to pass
a bankrupt bill, providing that the artificial per-
sons of Virginia shall not be included without ber
assent? Sir, such a bill would only be recom-
mended by its novelty, not by its uniformity—it
could lay but little claim to that character—a cha-
racter which we are bound to preserve, or else we
transcend the limits prescribed by the Constitution.
These are my views. And I aeain say, that, if the
amendment can be modified in this particular, as
suggested, it shall have my vote.
The most beneficial effects would immediately
result from the adoption of this amendment. The
sound and solvent banks of the country would be
sustained, while the banks of a different character
would no longer be able to impose upon, and de-
ceive the community. The affairs of such insti-
tutions, under the operation of this amendment,
would be placed under the direction of a board,
for the purpose of final settlement. Specie pay-
ments would be resumed and we should have no
more of bank suspensions. The condition of the pa-
per currency would become sUble. The comma,
uity would then be enabled to repose confidence
where confidence is merited. They would no lon-
ger be cursed with a worthless circulation—they
would no longer be compelled to submit to the pe-
cuniary sacrifice, necessarily Incident to irredeem-
able paper money. The people would sustain
those institutions which, by their integrity and
punctuality, might render themselves worthy of
public tru-t. In my judgment, there is not a bank-
ing institution in the country, under the direction
of honest and upright men, having in view its own
immediate interest, that would not desire the
adoption of this amendment. If, then, a
bankrupt bill is to be passed at this
session, I would not hesitate to include banks
and trading corporations within its provisions. I
would do it to advance the best interests of the
community. I would do it to promote the best in-
terests of the sound and solvent institutions of the
country. I would do it to put an end to the ope-
rations of all those worthless and dishonest and
rotten insiitutions which, without capital and with-
out credit, by their gross and palpable frauds, have
been able to palm upon the country their paper is-
sues. Sir, the people have suffered enough—they
have been most shamefully wronged. The labor-
ing classes of our country have had already to
bear loss upon loss, by the partial failure of banks.
The evil should be remedied. It is within the
constitutional power of Congress to prevent such
recurrences. Pass this amendment and you will
do much to give value and sUbility to our cur-
rency.
I shall not at this time add any thing further
upon the proposed amendment; the provisions em-
bodied in the proposition for an involuntary and
compulsory bankruptcy, limited and confined as it
is, would not be strenuously opposed by me, should
the Senate determine to include banks and other
trading corporations within the system. That I
regard as a sine quo non—as the great desideratum;
and should that part of the amendment be rejected,
the measure will cease to find favor from me. I
am one of those, Mr. President, whe are inclined to
the opinion that there is no pressing, urgent and ab-
solute necessity for a bankrupt bill unless banks
are included in its provisions.
Sir, in the section of the country in which I live, I
do not believe that the honest but unfortunate debtor
experiences any oppression or severity from his
creditors. So far from it, as far as my informa-
tion extends, there exists in our community a com-
mendable and praiseworthy disposition to extend
favor, protection, and substantial relief, to the
debtor. A merchant fails by reason of unforeseen
losses—unanticipated reverses. He calls together
bis creditors; his affairs are examined; his condition
is ascertained—an assignee is at once appointed to
dispose of his effects for the benefit of his creditors,
and the debtor has his discharge; and what is of
more importance, he has his character left untaint-
ed. He at once, by force of that integrity and honor
which has characterized his whole coukp, is. re-
instated in business by the indulgence and liberali-
ty of his old and faithful friends.
I am no merchant, and live remo'e from the
scene of large mercantile operations; but I submit
to those who well understand this whole matter,
whether any unfortunate, upright, and honest
debtor, who may have been compelled to stop pay-
ment, has ever found difficulty in the adjustment
of his affairs, or in the procurement of his dis-
charge? These revolutions in the affairs of men
frequently occur; and it is to the credit ef our com-
munity that their occurrence is looked upon as a
misfortune, not as a fault; as accident, not desigc;
and in ninety-nine instances out of a hundred, in
all such cases, ihe most substantial relief is at once
extended. Show me an honest debtor, and >ou
will show a man not without friends, or without
credit.   J happen to reside in a town in which U
