May, 1840.
26th Cong«'"1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
489
Independent Treasury Bill—Mr. Lowell.
H. of Reps.
located the county prison, and, as before remarked,
persons in my State, owin? debts b«yond the
amount of four pounds, are liable to be imprisoned
at the suit of their creditors, on mesne, as well as
on final process; and jet, sir, I do not believe that,
within the last five years, five individuals have
been committed to that prison for debt. Such a
course is entirely levolting to humanity, and in no
instance is it resorted to but to bring to light the
frauds of the debtor himself.
Public opinion has a powerful influence over this
whole matter.   It is looked upon as cruel, unjust,
and barbarous, to send an honest but unfortunate
debtor to prison for the purpose of coercing from
him, or from his friend, the last dollar.   And sel-
dom, very seldom, indeed, do we find in my coun-
try the existence of any such practice.   And so it
is in our cities or larger towns; the honest failing
debttr is not abandoned and pursued with an unre-
lenting spirit of persecution; but he is visited, sus-
tained, relieved, discharged, and ultimately rein-
stated in business by his former creditor, whose
confidence in his honor and integrity has never for
a moment been shaken.   There is, then, sir, very
little occasion to pass this bill for honest but un-
fortunate men.   There is another class that may
and will find this measure an essential benefit to
their plans.    How far it is fit and right ts legis-
late for such classes of our community, the Se-
nate will determine.   For myself, I am not pre-
pared to do a great evil, in the belief that by pos-
sibility some gord may grow out of it.
I have said, what I most conscientiously be-
lieve, that the passage of the bill reported by the
majority of ihe committee would bring about an
entire revolution in the affairs of men; it would
make honest debtors rogues in practice; it wsuld
hold forth temptations to fraud and villany too
strong to be resisted; it would inflict a deep stain
upon the moral character of the debtor, which a
subsequent life of penance could not efface.
Would to God these were all the evil effects which
would result from this measure. It would blast the
hopes and paralyze the efforts of the unfortunate
debtor himself—it would destroy the confidence of
the creditor—it would be but the commencement of
a most disastrous war upon credit. Our charac-
ter as a nation would receive a deep and abiding
wound, in the estimation of foreign Governments,
by the adoption of this measure. An end would
be put at once to all individual credit, relying font*
redemption upon the honor, character, and faith of
those receiving it. The capitalist, the man of
wealth and means, would find, instead of the con-
fiding, generous, liberal feeling which had previous-
ly prompted him to encourage the efforts and en-
terprise of the young, industrious, honest, but des-
titute adventurer, distrust and suspicion filling his
mind and controlling his whole subsequent conduct.
.Vb, sir, this very bill, should it become an act of
Congress, could not fail to induce capitalists and cre-
ditors to suppose that they were put far from our
favorable consideration—were regarded as unwor-
thy'of the protection and care of the General Go-
vernment. They would look upon themselves as
a class excluded and put at defiance. This very
sentiment would induce that portion of oar com-
MHUity to withdraw their capital now used in the
netive business of commerce and trade, no ionget
relying upon the honor and character of the mer-
chants fer-its safe return, and invest it in the
permanent? real and substantial property of our
own court "r, or in the estates of other portions of
toe world, *whcre their rights would be more re-
garded and respected. I cannot but look upon the
bill reported by the committee as full of evil—as
tending to a course of events disastrous to the hopes
and prosperity of the debtor—destructive to the
rights and interests of the creditor—and degrading
to the moral character of our beloved country.
SPEECH OF MR. LOWELL,
OF MAINE,
In Ihe Home of Rtpreuntatives, May Q7lh and 28ifc,
1840—In Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, on the bill to provide for the col-
lection, safekeeping, transfer, and disbursement
of the public revenue.
Mr. LOWELL addressed the committee sub-
stantially as follows: t
Mr. Chairman: It was not my intention, at the
commencement of thapresent session, to partici-
pate in the debates which might arise in this body.
A young man, and a nfw member, I formed the re-
solution to strive rathpr to profit by the wisdom
and experience of those with?' whom I have the
honor to be associated, than ^fo present, for their
consideration, any views of^my own.
In pursuance of this determination, I have been
a careful observer of the ¿proceedings, of the House
on the various subjects which have come before it;
have listened attentively to the arguments of
others; have exercised my judgment on the merits
of the questions presented; and have contented
myself with giving a silent vote.
I would not now depart from that resolution, but
for the conviction that the duty which I owe to
my constituents and the country, requires me to
doit.
Invited, solicited, challenged, as the friends of
the Administration have been, by the enemies of
this bill, to bring it forward, and enter into a dis-
cussion of its merits, although the humblest mem-
ber on this floor, I will not shrink from my share
of the responsibility and the labor of defend-
ing it.
There are bHt two modes or systems by which
the fiscal operations of the Government can be
transacted. First, by the agency of bank*, or
other corporations: and, secondly, by the officers
of Government, elected by the people, or appoint-
ed by the Executive. The former is the system on
which we have heretofore generally practiced; the
latter, the system proposed by the bill: and in the
course of my remarks, I shall consder the two
systems, principally in relation to three points,
namely, constitutionality, convenience, and secu-
rity; and shall endeavor to maintain the principles
contained in the bill, by comparing and contrast-
ing the two systems.
To show the unconstitutionality of banks, and
the constitutionality of the Independent Treasury,
it may be well to take a glance at the nature of our
Goverment, and ihe history of its formation.
Our system of Government is necessarily com-
plex. The people of the United States owe a two-
fold allegiance: First, to the State within which
they reside; and second to the United States. The
authority of the Government is derived from the
consent of the governed. All power is inherent
in the people—originates with, and emanates from
them. They first established State Governments, to
which they delegated a portion of their own powers,
and gave up a part of their own rights as an equi-
valent for the protection of the laws of the State.
At the time of our separation from, and indepen-
dence of, the mother country, the original thirteen
States became separate and independent sovereign-
ties, to all intents and purposes. They at first
formed a temporary confederacy for mutual assist-
ance and protection. But after the lapse of a few
years, the States, by their delegates, met in con-
vention, "In order to form a more perfect union,
establish justice, ensure domestic tranquility,
provide for the common defence, promote the ge-
neral welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty
to the people and their posterity."
This convention formed what has been very
properly denominated the Federal compact, for the
purposes before mentioned. It was the work of
compromise and concession; and was carefully and
wisely framed. By this compact the States formed
a new Government, for national objects; and con-
ferred on it a few certain, defined and limited pow-
ers. They restrained the several States from the ex-
ercise of such powers as were considered incon-
sistent with the good of the whole; and reserved to
the States respectively, and the people, all powers
not so delegated or prohibited. The powers of the
General Government,  therefore, being delegated,
cation between the respective Governments, it is
necessary that it should be clearly draw , distinctly
marked, and kept cons antly in view.
While, therefore, the General Government should
have the free exercise of its legitimate rights, as
defined in the Constitution, great care should
be observed that those r ghts are not enlarged and
extended beyond the plain and manifest provi-
sions cf the instrument. The line once passed by an
unwarrantable construction, there is no place at
which to slop shoit of the entire destruction of the
State sovereignties, and the establishment, on their
ruins, of one grand consolidated Government.
Bearing in mind these principles, let us turn
to the situation of our country at the time of
the adoption of the Constitution.
Before the Revolutionary war, efforts had been
made in Massachusetts and o'her provinces to esta-
blish and sustain a paper currency, which efforts
failed, and were brought to a closs just before the
commencement of the Revolution.
Other efforts were made during the war by se-
veral provincial Legislatures, and by the conti-
nental Congress. In 1775, bills of credit to the
amount of three millions of dollars were issued
by Congress, in addition to those issue 1 by the
individual States. By new emissions, at different
times, this sum was increased at the close of the
year 1778 to more than one hundred millions.
Depreciation of this paper was the necessary
consequence of such large emissions. This was
seriously felt in the beginning of 1777, and, to
provide a remedy, Congress, in January of that
year, made it a tender in payment of all public and
private debts; and a refusal to receive it was de-
clared to be an extinguishment of the debt itself:
and they thought proper to declare that whoever
should refuse to receive it in exchange for any
property, as gold and silver, should be deemed an
enemy to his country. The bills still continued to
depreciate, and new emission;* were made, which
swelled the amount in 1779 to one hundred and
sixty millions. The increasing wants of the
country increased the issues in 1780 to more than
three hnndred millions, which depreciated so ra-
pidly that, in the course of that year, five hundred
dollars of those bills would not purchase a meal
of victuals to satisfy the cravings of hunger, and
finally they ceased to circulate, and quietly died
in the hands of their possessors.
Thus we see, in this effort to establish and sus-
tain a paper currency in the United States, an ef-
fort made from painful necessity, the people who
were fighting for freedom, suffering every hard-
ship, enduring every privation, and encountering
danger and death in all their various forms, suffered
a direct and total loss by paper money of more
than three hundred millions of dollars.
The men who framed the Constitution were
among the heroes of the Revolution.
They had seen and felt the evils of a depreci-
ated and worthless paper currency. They had seen
the provincial and continental bills, although
encouraged and supported by the Government, and
made a tender in the payment of debts, depreciate
from time to time, and finally cease to circulate.
Under such circumstances, what kind of a cur-
rency, would such men, with their knowledge of
the entire failure of paper money, and the losses
and sufferings growing out of the use of it, be likely
to establish for the people? There can be but one
answer to this question. Men of their characters,
with their experience, and with the r judgment,
would, in all human probability, establish a hard
money currency: and they would also strive to
guard against the possibility of a recurrence to
that system, which had contributed so largely to
increase the evils and sufferings of the country.
Having reen that the situation of the country,
and the history of its monetary affairs, were such
as to render it hghly probable that the framers of
the Constitution would establish a  hard money
defined and limitsd, are tobe sought for in the plain                          ,         . t     „         -,.,. „„„« oM;n«t
and* definite provisions of that sacred instrument!^ currency, and guard by al posóte means agaimt
Such powers as are not found  there conferred on  T* the "lis of a nanrrmonev system, let us turn to
the General Government by the instrument itself,
are reserved to the States respectively, or to the
people.
In order to preserve inviolate the line of demar-
a paper money system,
the instrument itself and examine its provisions.
Among the powers of CoBgress, in article first,
section eighth, are the following:
"To coin money, regulate the value thereof, «ndof foreign
coin, and to fix the atandard of weights «ad rnewureg."   Also,
