490
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, tMO.
26th CoNO« ««l9T. Sbss.
Independent Treasury Bill—Mr. Lowell.
H of Reps.
«10 provide for the punishment of counterfeiting the securities
and current coin of the United States."
"There is no other power delegated to the Gen«ral
Government in rrlatonio the currency, unless it
be contained inrid.n ally in some of the General
provisions, such as:
'To levy and collect taxes, pay the debts, provide for the
comino i defence and general welfare, borrow money, make
all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into
execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested
by the Constitution in the Government of the United Slates, or
in any department or officer thereof."
Here is found no exp esi power to establish
banks, or to use rank piper nor is any necessaiily
imp'ird, as a 1 the powers ves ed in the United
Stales, and eve.y depar m-nt and officer thereof,
by the Const it ution, may be exurived without
them. Bat, on the contrary, the language tned
is such as naturally to convey the idea of a curren-
cy composed of coins. And in the lenth section of
article firs1, it is provd d, that no "Siaie *ha!lcoin
money; emit bills tf credt; make any thing but
gold and silver com a tender in payment of debt?;
or pare any law impairing the obligation of con-
tracts." We have, then, the plain provitions of
the Constitution, that Congress alone shall have
power to com money, regulate the value thereof,
and of foreign coin, and fix the standard of weights
and measures; and ihe States are expressly pro-
hibited from "making any thing but gold and silver
coin a tender in the payment of debts, and from
passing any law impairing the obligation of con-
tracts."
What is the natural construction of this lan-
guage? What the intention of the framers of the
instrument, as gathered from the language used?
Is there a sentence, wh i *,by a fair construction,
admits the idea of paper money? But, on the con-
trary, is not the intention to establish a hard money
currency manifest in every line which I have
quoted? Banks, bank bills, corporations, and paper
money, are no where mentioned in that instrument
as among the subjects to be regulated by Congress;
nor is any intimation or allusion made to those
subjects, except by the prohibition of the Slates be-
fore cited.
There being no provision in the Constitution,
which, upon a fair construction, contain  the pow-
er to meorporate a bank, or to issue bank paper,
it may not be wholly unprofitable to examine, for a
few moments, the proceedings of the convention
which framed it, the debates which occurred at its
adoption, and the contemporary construction of its
provisions.
The Madison Papers, which contain a history of
those proceedings, vol. 3, page 1343, throw a flood
of light on this subject. The original draft of the
Constitution contained a provision, among other
powers of Congress, "To borrow money, and emit
bills on the credit of the United States." The
words, "and emit bills," were rejected and struck
out by a vote of nine States against tice; and the
remainder adopted. Mr. L. here read the proceed-
ings of the convention, dated August 16, 1787. By
the same work, vol. 3,-pages 1354,1576, and 1577,
we find ihat it was proposed by Mr. Madison to
give Congress power "to grant charters of incorpo-
ration where the interest of the United States
might require, and the legislative provisions of the
individual States may be incompetent;" which pro-
position, after debate, was so modified, as to ad-
mit a distinct question, specifying and limited to
the case of canals; but three of the eleven Slates
then represented voted in favor, and eight against
this question. The other part fell, of course, as
included in the powers rejected.
Mr. L. here read the proceedings of the con-
vention, dated September 14, 1787.
The proposal to invest Congrcs with the power
to grant charters of incorporation, and the direct
vote of refusal by so large a majority, show most
dearly and conclusively the intention of the framers
of the Constitution.
I have endeavored to show, first: That the fra-
mers of the Constitution, from the characters of the
Men, their experience of the evils of paper issues,
and the circumstances of the country, would in
all probability have established a hard money cur-
rency.
Seeoad: That a fair construction of the instru-
ment «¡hows that they die thereby establish such
a currency. And third: that th proceedings of
the convention show conclusively that it was their
intention to establish such a currency.
In accordance with 'his consiiuciion, ihe new
Grovemmtnt went into operation under an
Indepei dent Treasury «ystem, and one of the first
acts ot Congre>s u>V guíate the colle. tion of dunes,
passer! July 31, 1789, provides ihat the duties shall
tetoliected >ngoid an I silver coins only."
The oiiiinn i f Mr Marlison, as expressed in
the Federalist No. 44, corrtsronds.with this view
of ihe Mibjec'; and surely no man h=td better means
ot knowing than he.    In that article, he says:
"The extension of the prohibition to bills of credit must give
pleasure to every citiz-u in proportion to his love oiju«iice,
and his knowledge of the true sprints <jf puhlic proioemy.
Tne loss which America has sustained since the peace, from
the pestilent effects of paper money in the necessary confidence
between man aai man; in the necessary confidence in the pub-
lic cojncils; in the industry and moiasolthe p-ople, an.i on
the character of Republican Government, cnnatitu'es an enor-
mous debt against the 3tates,chargeable with thisunadvised mea-
sure, which must long remain unsatisfied; oi rather an accu-
mulation ofguili, which can be expiated not otherwise than by
a voluntary sacrifice on the aliar oí justice, of the power which
has been the instrument of it."
And when the bill to grant a charter to the first
Bank of the United Sta es was under ct nside ation
in Congress, February 21, 1791, Mr. Madison de-
nied thj right of Congress to pass it.    He sai I:
"He had entertained this opinion from the date of the Consti-
tution.   His impressions might, perhaps, be 'he strong r, be-
cause he well recollected that a power to grant charters of in-
corporation had been proposed in the general convention, and
rejected.   Is the power of establishing an incorporated bank   '
among the powers vested  by  the Constitution in tbe Le-   '■
gislature of the United States?   This is the question to be   !
examined.
•'After some remarks on the limitations of all political power,
he took notice of the peculiar manner in which the Federal Go-
vernment is limited. It is not only a general grant out of which
particular powers are excepted; it is a grant of particular pow-
ers, leaving the general mass in other hands. So it has been
understood by its friends and its foes; and so it was to be inter-
preted."
And he concluded his speech in these words;
"It appeared, on the whole, he concl uded, that the rower ex-
ercised by the bill was condemned by the silence ofthe Consti-
tution—was condemned by ihe rule of interpretation arising out
of the Constitution—was condemned by its character to destroy
the main characteristic of the Constitution—was condemned by
the expositions of the friends of the Constitution, whilstdepend-
ing before the public—was condemned by the apparent inten-
tion of the parties which ratified the Constitution—was con-
demned by tbe explanatory amendments proposed by Con-
gress themselves to the Constitution; and he hoped it would
receive its final condemnation by the vote of this House."
Mr. Stone, in a speech made on the fame occa-
sion, uses this language:
"When implication first raised its head in this House, he
started from it as a serpent which was to sting and poison the
Constitution. He felt in unison with his country. The (ears, the
opinions, the jealousies of individuals and of States, had been
explained by a gentleman from Virginia, (Mr. Madison.) He
should only remark that all those who opposed the Government
dreaded this doctrine. Those who advocated it declared that it
could not be resorted to; and all combined in opinion that it
ought not to be tolerated. Never did any country more com-
pletely unite in any sentiment than America in this—that Con-
gress ought not to exercise by implication powers not granted
by the Conslitution. And it is not strange, for the admission of
this doctrine destroys the principles of your Government at a
blow. It at once breaks down every barrier which the Federal
Conslitution has raised against unlimited legislation."
When the bill to renew the charier of the first
Bank of the United Stales was under considera-
tion in the Senate, February 15, 1811, Mr. Clay
used the following language:
"This vagtant power to erect a bank, after having wandered
throughout the whole Constitution inquest of some congenial
3jot whereupon to faetrn, has been at length located by thecen-
eman from Georgiaon that provision which authorizes Con-
gress to lay and collect taxes, &c.   In 1791, the power is re-   !
lerred to one part ofthe instrument; in 1811, to another. Some-
times it is alleged to be deducible from the power to regulate   j
commerce.   Hard pressed here, it disappears, and shows itself
itself under the grant to coin money.   The sagacious (Secretary   \
ofthe Treasury, in 1791, pursued the wisest course; he has ta-
ken shelter behind general, high sounding, and imposing terms.
He has declared, in th^ preamble to the  act establishing the
Bank, that it will be very conducive to the successful conduct-
ing ofthe national finances; will tend to give facility to the ob-
taining of loans; and will be productive of considerable advan-
tage to trade and industry in general: no allusion is made to the
collection of taxes."
On the same occasion, in the House of Repre-
sentatives, January 23, 1811, Mr. Ciawford said:
"It is a most dangerous doctrine; it is an abandonment of the
State sovereignties, who have for twenty years practically op-
posed and denied such doctrine.   More than three-fourths of
the States have, for a large portion of that period, been in the    ¿
practice of establishing banks within their  respective State    ,
sovereignties.   If they had diveated themselves of this«.sove-   I)
reignty by a delegation of such  power to the United States,
they would never have dared to exercise such a flagTant usur-
pation of power.   Congress could no1, without vuiaung their
oaths, have permitted this usurpation of their delegated autho-   I
rity."
Mr. Webster, at a subsequent period, February
28,1816, when the bill to incorporate the late
Bank ot the United States was under cunmiera-
tion in the Hou'e of Repte^enattves, observed:
"He regretted the manner in which this debate had been
commenced, on a detached feature ofthe bill, and not a ques-
tion aff cttngthe. principle; and expressed hisfearsthat a week
or two would be lost in the discussion of ihis question to no pur-
pose; inasmuch as it might ultimately result in the rejection of
the bill. He proceeded to reply to the arguments of iho advo.
cates of the bill. It was a mistaken idea, he said, which he had
heard uttered on this subject, that we were about to reform the
national currency.                                                         .
"No nanon had a better currency, he said, than the United
States—(here was no nation which hatl guarded its currency
wuh more care; for the framers of the Constitution, and those
who enacted the early statutes on this subject, were hard mo-
tif y men; ihey had felt, and therelore duly appreciated, the
evilsoi a papermed'um; they therefore sedulously guarded ihe
currency of the United States from debasement. The legal
.currency of the United Slates was gold and silver coin; this
was a subject in regard to which Congress had run into no
Mlly. 
In connection with this branch of the subject, I
will a so rite the able and learned report of Mr,
Galbraith, of Pennsylvania, made in the House
of Rfprft-entatives, at the second se-sion of the
24ih Congiess—House Reports No 306. Mr. G.
was chairman of a select committee, to whom
were referred certain memorials, «ugsesting an
amendment of the Constitution of the Untied
Stare*, in relation to banking companies, and
azainsi ihe re-is^U'ng of the notes of the United
States Bank. The report, among other things,
sat s:
"At the time of the adoption ofthe Constitution ofthe United
States, there were but three banks in all the States, with a capi-
tal, in all. of  4,550,000: the Bank of North America, in Phila-
delphia, with a capital of «2000,000, first chartered by the old
Congress, in 1781, and afterwards by the Legislatures of Penn-
sylvania and New York; the Massachusetts Bank, at Boston,
Chartered by the Legislature of Massachusetts, in 1784, with a
capital of 81,600,000; and the Bank of New York, chartered the
same year, with a capital of 9950,006. This constituted the
whole banking capital of the United States at that time.
The framers of the Constitution, therefore, had but littlejknow-
ledge of a banking system such as it now is in this country. It
could scarcely be expected that they could have anticipated
that, within half a century, there could be eight hundred and
twenty-three banks, with a capital of 8378,421,168. Such an
anticipation would have required a revival of the spirit of pro-
phecy. They had experienced the fatal effects of the provin-
cial piper money, and the no less pernicious results of tne con-
tinental paper, and provided, as they supposed, in the Constitu-
tion, against both; against the former, by providing, in the 10th
section of the 1st article, that 'no Stateshali emit bills of credit,
or make any thing but gold and silver coin a tender in pay ment
of debts;' against the latter, by n'whSre giving to Congress the
power of creating a paper circulation. It is matter of history,
that the old Congress of 1776 had emitted continental paper to
carry on the war by a majority of its members, until tne adop.
tion of the articles of confederation, in 1778, in which it was
provided, among other things, that Congress should 'not emit
bills, nor borrow money, on the credit ef the United States, &c.
unless nine States should assent to (he same.' It is very proba-
ble that the small amount of bank issues at that time attracted
very little attention, particularly as specie was very abuniant
for some time after the Revolutionary struggle; the French and
English armies at New York and other places, the foreign loans,
and the Havana trade, having introduced great quantities of the
precious metals into this country. With the provisions, there-
fore, that 'no State thould emit bills of credit, make any thing
but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts;' and that
Congress should have the power 'to coin money, regulate the
value thereof, and of foreign coin, and fix the standard of
weights and measures;' and the silent -«legation of power to
Congress to emitbills of credit; the framers of the Constitution,
no doubt, supposed they had thrown an ample guard around the
currency of the country, and secured the poor and industrious
from the pestilential effects of a paper money system, and the
curses of the speculation and fraudswhich follow it. Such ap-
pears to have been the sentiment ef political writers of the
day."
After the passage of the act incorporating the
first Bank of the United States, February 12,1791,
General Washington took -the opinion of Mr. Ed-
mund Randolph, at that time Attorney General,
on the question of its constitutionality1. Mr. R.
was clearly of the opinion that no such power had
been conferred by the Constitution. He then took
the opinion of Mr. Jefferson, Secretary of State,
which coincided with that of the Attorney Gene-
ral. He then furnished General Hamilton, Secre-
tary of ihe Treasury, with the written opinions of
Mr. Randolph and Mr. Jefferson, and requested
him to examine them, and answer their Objections
to the constitutionality of the bill. On the 23d of
February, 1791, Genera! Hamilton returned a
long, labored, and ingenious argument in answer
to their objections, and in favor of the bill. Two
days afterwards it received the signature of the
President, and became a law.
We may now look back to the situation, the ta-
lents, and the influence of one individual, aided
anil assisted by his political friends, for the esta-
blishment of the paper money system in this country,
in violation of the letter and spirit of the Constitu-
tion. His talents, and his situation at the head of
the Treasury, enabled him to prevail inthena-
