May, 1840.
AíPfiNfciX to the Congressional globe
49a
26th ÜONG.......1ST Sess.
Jndeptndent Treasury Bill—Mr. Lowell.
H. ot Reps.
¿on more than three millions. In the next two
mouths, to February, 1836, it again expanded its
loans and discounts to three million ; and in the next
succeeding two months, it contracted them again
near eight millions. During the whole of this pe-
riod, ot little more than four years, it increased its
specie from seven million? to sixteen millions; and
then reduced it 10 about five and a half millions.
After it became a State institution, its bills of
exchange and discounts increased from April, 1836,
to May, 1837, to #63,000,000. Its bills in circula-
tion were conti acted to about $7,000,000; and its
specie to less than one and a half million*. In the
mean time, it had contracted a loan in Europe of
more than eleven millions of dollars. This was
the condition of the institution, which was claimed
by its friends to be the great regulator of the cur-
rency ten daysbefore the suspension in May, 1837.
That this amount of specie was nearly exhausted,
daring the ensuing ten days, is by no means im-
probable.
At the suspensión of specie payments in 1837,
it was among the first to suspend, and the last to
resume; and in the suspension of last fall, it was
among the first to suspend; and it will be the last
to resume, if, indeed, it ever do resume.
Toe great expansions in 1816, 1817, and 1918,
led to the revulsion of 1819, 1820, and 1821; the
expansion of 1822, and 1823, to the revu'sion of
1824, 1825 and 1826; the expansions of 1829,
1830, and 1831, to the revulsion of 1832, 1833,
and 1834; the expansions of 1835, 1936 and the
early part of 1837 to the revulsion ot 1837, 1838,
and 1839.
These alternate expansions and contractions
fir*t gave real estate, and all articles of property, a
fictitious and deceptive value; and led all class's
of peop'e into new enterprises, in the expectation
of accumulating sudden wealth; and ih-n produced
disappointment, embarrassment, an I pecuniary
rum. They excited men to abandon their usual
employments, to embark in dangerous speculations,
which were sure to result in disappointment, if not
in vice and misery.
The inconsiderate issues of bank bills in Eng-
land and in the United States, in 1835 and 1836,
excited a spirit of enterprise and speculation. It
engendered an uncontrollable thirst for sudden
wealth. It encouraged the merchant in Europe to
sell, and the American merchant to buy, on credit,
and import into this country, laige quantities of fo-
reign merchandise, which the necessities of this
country did not require. It inspired our farmers
with the desire to embark m the various enterprises
of the day, for the accumulation of large fortunes,
by speculating in lands, timber, granite, marble,
cotton, flour, beef, pork, and various descriptions
of stocks; by which means, the cultivation of the
earth was neglected, and agriculture in a great
measure abandoned, and hence the quantity of
breadstuff's in this country was not sufficient to
supply the demand, which was naturally increased
by an increase of popnlation,and by thousands of fo-
reign laborers, who had come to the United States to
labor on the canals and railroads. Necessity then
compelled us to import grain and flour from Europe;
andan expenditure, which in 1834, amounted 10
but two hundred and fifty thousand dollars, was
suddenly increased to more than two millions in
the first two quarters of 1837.
This turned the balance of trade against us;
made us an importing instead of an exporting na-
tion; and in the year 1836, the imports exceeded
the exports by #61,316,995—in 1837, by #23,569,-
841—and in 1838, by #5,330,788, making an ex-
cess of imports over the exports in three years, of
#90,217,624.
As our bank bills do not circulate in foreign
countries, the balances of trade must be paid in
gold and silver. In this way our specie is with-
drawn from circulation at home, and exported to
pay foreign debts. Our inflated currency swells
the prices of goods—prevents the duties on im-
ports from operating as any protection to domestic
manufactures; for as the balance of trade must be
adjusted in gold and silver, the foreign merchant
can purchase at a low rate in Europe where labor
and materials are cheap; send them to the United
States, pay the duties in bank notes, and sell at the
inflated prices; and then demand specie to take
back to Europe.
Our banks have also established agencies in those
countries, not to loan, but to borrow money.
These agents, it is understood, are engaged in spe-
culations of various kinds. They deal in cotton,
tobacco, provisions, in bank, railroad, and other
corporation stocks, and in State bonds and other
secu rites.
In this way they have contributed still further to
plunge our citizeas and the States engaged in in-
ternal improvements into debt, and into bondage to
] the bankers and speculators of England, France,
1 and Holland. The extent of their indebtedness is
now two hundred millions; and the payment of the
interest alone will be a constant drain upon the
specie of this country. The effect of these specu-
ations in State bonds and securities is already ap-
parent. In the years 1836, 1837, and 1838, while
the sales were the greatest, the imports of gold
and silver coin and bullion exceeded the exports by
#29,139 299. When the sales diminished, and the
interest became due, during th<* last year, the ex-
ports exceeded the imports by #7,969,859, or near
eight millions of dollars.
For the bonds and State securities sold or
pledged, the bank agents procured English and
French goods at most extravagant prices, and
money at the rate of four millions for five mil-
lions. The goods have been consumed; and the
money itself must sooner or later be refunded
in specie; and the interest must be paid in the
same currency. There can be no doubt, there-
fore, that what seemed for a time to afford relief
to our merchants and bankers must ultimately
produce very sf rious embarrassment.
By the speculations at home in w Id lands, the
sales which, in the years 1833 and 1834, amounted
to but eleven millions, were suddenly extended
in the following years of 1835 and 1836 to
forty-one millions. These purchases were princi-
pally made with bank bills of little value; and
were no sooner used to meet one purchase,
than they were returned to the banks and re-
issued to pay for others. So wild and reckless
was ths thirst for speculation, that, had it not
been for the Treasury order, issued in 1836 by the
direction of General Jackson, commanty called
"the specie circular," the entire public domain
would have been purchased up by speculators,
and paid for in worthless paper.
This is the history ot those events which pre-
ceded and are connected with the suspension of
specie payments in May, 1837.
The Bank of England, the United States Bank,
and the State banks, having swelled the expansion
of credits and circulation until they could not be
inflated any further; it became necessary to com-
mence the work tf contraction. As the Bank of
England was the first to expand, so it was the first
to contract thp circulation. This it commenced on
the 7th of March, 1837; and within nine months
reduced its loans ¿7,852,000. It increased i's spe-
cie in the mean time ¿£4,124,000. This amount of
specie being withdrawn from circulation, the con-
traction amounted to near ¿612,000,000.
The fhock was soon felt in this country; and was
followed by an immediate suspension on the part
of the United States Bank and the State banks
throughout the Union.
With about thirty eight millions of specie in
their vaults, one hundred and forty-nine millions
of bank notes in circulation, one hundred and
twenty-seven millions of deposites, near forty mil-
lions of which was the property of the Govern-
ment, they had increased their loans and discounts
to five hundred and twenty-five millions of dollars.
And in this situation, at peace with the world,
aided and encouraged by the Government, and in
a time of universal prosperity, lhey closed their
doors again«t the people and the Government of
the people's choice; ind set all law and authority
at defiance! They thus deliberately separated
themselves from the Government and the people—
dissolved the connection by their own voluntary
act—and but for the expedient of issuing Treasury
notes, would literally have stopped the wheels of
Government.
The question now arises, shall this connection
II
be renewed, or the separation continue, and be
made perpetual by law? It is a great question.
Shall this be a Government of the banks or a Go-
vernment of the people? Are the American peo-
p'e capable of self government? Shall we be go-
verned by men; by free, intelligent, reasonable,
intellectual beings, who have souls to save—chosen
by the people, from among the people, to transact
the people's business, and accountable to the peo-
ple; or by corporations, unknown to the Constitu-
tion, possessing neither soul nor body, and being
under no responsibility or accountability to any
power, here or ekewhere? For myself and my
co-is ituents, I cannot hesitate or doubt as to the
anvwr. Let the separation continue, and be
made perpetual, by all constitutional measures.
According to Mr. Gallatin's tab'es from 1811 to
1830, nineteen years, one hundred and sixty-five
banks (ailed, the cap tal stock of which amounted
to about thirty millions. The parliamentary re-
turns in Great Butain show, from 1790 1o 1818,
twenty-eight years, the failure of two hundred and
seventy-four banks in England. In 1837, all the
banks in the United State-, failed; and in 1839, all
the banks at, and South and West of, Philadelphia,
with some few honorable exceptions.
The system of banking needs a radical reform;
but it can only be done effectually by the State
Legislatures. It should be carried back to the
object of its institution—to commercial operations
—to the accommodation of trade—leaving the
currency as it was at the formation of the Consti-
tution, principally metallic, or as the framers of
that instrument intended that it should be, gold,
silver, and copper. Let the banks be established
by those who have money to lend, and not those
who desire to borrow—require them to keep a suffi-
cient quanti y of specie in their vaults to redeem all
their notes when presented—let them be confined
to the issue of bills of a large denomination on
business paper—prohibit them from engaging in
speculations—and require them to conduct their
affairs on the principles of commercial banking.
This would call in the post notes and bills ot lit-
tle value. It would call home our speculators in
cotton, in stocks, bonds, and State securities, and,
bv requiring trdrnuo labor for a livmg, would con-
tribute something to the wealth and capital of the
country.
Paper and specie of the same denominations can-
not circulate together. As Fharaoh's lean and ill-
favored kine devoured the lat and well-favored
kirie, so a spurious currency will devour the pre-
cious metals, snd drive tbem from circulation.
That is effected iu th's way: If a person having
different kinds of money—for instance, bank notes
of a doubtful character, bank notes considered
good, and gold and silver coins—should have a
debt to pay, or be making a purchase, he would
pay out firs-t the doubtful bank notes, in which he
has the least confidence; next, the bank notes con-
sidered good; and would lock up the gold and sil-
ver, to be used only in ca*es of absolute necessity.
Not only the individual to whom he pays the bank
notes, but the whole community, will be governed
by the same principle. The bank notes, therefore,
in which they have no confidence, will be con-
stantly passing from hand to hand, while the gold
and silver coins will be treasured up for future
use.
Most of our banks at the present day are esta-
blished by a combination of men, for the purpose
of enabling themselves to bonow money from the
public, at the same time that they seem to lend, by
exchanging their own notes, without interest, for
the notes of responsible individuals, with interest,
and are, therefore, debtors to the public for the
whole amount of their bills in circulation.
Having but a small amount of specie in their
vaults, compared with their bills in circulation,
they are sustained principally by confidence.
These bills or bank notes are not money; nothing
but gold, silver, and copper coins, being properly
denominated money. But the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Barnabd] said the other day, that
they are the representative of money, or certificates
that the holder is the owner of an equal amount
of coins.   They are not the representative of mo
