494
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1840.
£6th Cono-"*1st Sess.
Irulenptndenl Treasury Bill—Mr. Lowell.
H. of Reps.
ney, any farther than the banks which issue them
have gold and silver in their vaults to be repre-
sented. What is our idea of a representative1? A
few may represent many—one may represent
another, or one may represent many others. But
how three or six paper dollars can represent one of
go'd or silver, is not easily perceived. There is
but one sense in which they can be said to be the
representative of specie; and that is the sense in
which a painting represents the original, as the pic-
ture of an ox, a house, or a ship; but there are
few persons who wou'd be willing to take the pic-
tures instead of the originals. If they are the
certificates cf the ownership of an equal amount
of coins, and there are more paper dollars issued
than gold and silver in the vaults, they certify
what is not true, and thereby deceive the public.
Bank notes purport to repiesent what does not
exist; they are certiricates of the ownership of what
can never be realized; they promise to pay on de-
mand, but the payments must be made in their
own notes; they ledeem old promises by giving
new; in fine, like the weird siMer* in Macbeth,
"They palter wilh us in a double sense;
They keep the word of promise to our ear,
And bre\k it to our hope."
I would not include all basks indiscriminately
in these remarks. There are some honorable ex-
ceptions; as many, perhaps, in the State which I
haTe the honor, in part, to represent, as in any
other; but truth compels me to add:
"They are, like angela visits,
Few and far between."
The principal objections raised against this mea-
sure are found in the report of the minrrity of the
Committee of Ways and Means, at the second ses-
sion of the 25ih Congress, which, I understand,
was drawn up by the distmgu shed gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Serbeant.] The same objec-
tions are repeated and enforced by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Cdshing ] They are,
first, "That this system will establish one cur-
rency for the Government, of gold and silver, and
another of depreciated paper for the people." Se-
cond, "That it will increase the power of Execu-
tive patronage;" and third, " That Ccngrei-s ousht
not to pa  the bill without submitting the question
to the people." To the first obje^joo, I answer,
that the Government and the people are, in effect,
one and 'he same. Their interests are identical.
It is the people's Government, administered by the
people's agents who are elected by the people, to
transact th>> affairs of the people, and who are ac-
countable to the people.
The money required for the expenses of Govern-
ment, and which is derived from the revenues, will
be received in gold and silver, and paid out in go'd
and silver. It comes chiefly in the shape of du-
ties on imports; and is immedia'e'y disbursed by
the officers of Government, in piyment of oar
array and navy, the contractors tor erecting forti-
fications and other public works for furnishing
materials for our armed ships provisions for rur
troops and seamen, and I--S ly for the wag's of
laljcring men in the empiovmeit of the Govern-
ment. If the officers ot Governmen- rece.ve spe-
cie, they will als > pay rut specie. What has besn
receive! in the share of duties vil! be imm^di-
d'ately di-bur^ed to the puvic c-edi or<\ The
effect upon the currency has probably b-en over-
rated by both th- lriendsand opponents of ihe mea-
sure. I may, ho*ever, ¡-ay, wth safety, that to
the ex;ent that specie is requi-ei in payment of
dues to the Givemmetit, will the precous metals
be infused into the circulation, ai.d '.he currency
thereby he gradually refor ned and impr v^.
It will lay the toundatioa for a sound cir-nlating
medium, and tend gradually to restore the national
currency. There is but one standard of value
and one currency known to our Constitution and
laws, namely, gold and stiver coins.
The humblest citizen has a legal right to de-
mand this currency in payment of deots. Why,
then, should it be sard that the people are to have
a different currencv from the Governmen:? Will
yon deny to the public servants the right whi -h
the Constitution has secured to every individual iu
ihe land? and if so, why this invidious disiioc-
tion?
Axe the officers of the Government, ia whom we
have placed confidence, and oh whom we impose
many burdens, less worthy than ourselves? Why
compel our own agents and the public creditors to
receive payment m a depreciated currency, when
any individual has the right by law to demand gold
and silver? The effect ot the measure will be, ul-
timately, to give one and the same currency to the
people and the Government, leaving the banks to
stand or fall upon their own merits, as they may
prove to be beneficial or injurious to commerce.
The second objection will "vanish into thin air"
before the light of a brief examination. By the
proposed system it will not be in the power of the
Executive to touch a single dollar of the money,
not even the pay for his own salary, except on the
draft of the Treasurer, and in pursuance of appro-
priations made by law; while the addidonal offi-
cers to be appointed csnsist of only four receivers
general, and some ten to fiiteen clerks, who will
be restrained by bonds and penalties from loaning
or using tue money under any pretence.
But how tremendous would be the power of the
Executive, should the sys'em contended for by our
opponen's prevail, and the Government be associa-
ted with, and allied to a National Ba.ik, with a ca-
pital stock of seventy millions of dollars, with
branches established in all the States, and the pro-
ceeds of the public lands divided among them, and
invested in the stock of the bank, as proposed by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Pope,] in ad-
dition to the 900 banks now in the country, scat-
tered over the whole Union, commanding the ser-
vices of a million of bank officers and bank de-
pendants, whose operations are extended into all
parts of the country, and whose influence will be
felt through all the ramifications of business, hav-
ing ihe possession of the public revenues, and au-
thorized to discount and loan money on the strength
of them ! Such a power would be most dangerous
to the liberties of the peop'e and the safety of ihe
Republic. Yet, if I understand the argument of
the report befure alluded to,and the doctrine advoca-
ted by the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Dellkt]
iu his eight hour 1 speech again.'t this measure,
and the speech of the gentleman from Massaclia-
set's, the Opposition offer no substitute fir the In-
dependent Treasury, but a National Bank or the
Siate bank deposite system, either of which, in my
opinion, would be a most dangerous engine in the
han do of any Administration.
But it is also objected, that the passage of the
bill at this time, would be premature, and a disre-
gard of the popular wil1. The will of the people,
when fully and fairly expresad, is a tribunal, be-
fore which we should all bow with respect. How,
then, is the fact? The report, dated March 23J,
1838, page 32, says:
"In this state of things, the plan of an Independent Treasury
is propounded, and pressed to a decision, before the people can
have an opportunity to act upon it."
And on page 28, the rep' rt says:
"By action, is meant election to Congress; an election which
will give them an opportunity, constitutionally and effectually,
to express their will, and to have that wHl obeyed."
And this orjecuon is now renewed aud enfored
by the grnueoian from Massa'ehu^t's.
At the Piesidenial election in 183-2 the people
tried the Unite 1 States Bank, and condemn-d it.
They gave it a new trial at the Presidential elec-
tion m 1836; and affirmed their former decision.
And at the election of the members of the present
Congress in 1838 and 18^9, they tried ihe Sta'e
banks, and the Independent Treasury f-y.tem, as
proposed ">y tie pre.eni Cnief Maei-uate. They
condemned the former, and appioved the 'atier.*
The campakn was opened in the fill of 1838.
by the election in Maine, where that question was
put distinctly in issue, and resulted in a gam of
two Administration members. Next came Ohio,
wiih a gain of three Administration members.
And Tennessee, with ihe same number; and even
Kentucky, wilh a gam of one; Mas>achusetts with
one, Vermont wiih one, New Jersey with five, In-
diana wiih four, and Mississippi w.th two; and in
all the States where the question was put distinctly
in issue at trie polls, it is believed that the result
was either a gain of members of Congress, or of
popular votr^s. How, then, can iha opponents
of this measure say that the people have not acted
on this question?
They have acted. They have expressed their
will in a way not to be misunderstood; and I now
call on the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and
those who are politically associated with him, to
obey that will.
In the last Congress this measure was no sooner
ushered into the House, than it was prostrated at a
single Mow—it was nailed to your table by a ma-
jority of twelve to fourteen votes, from which the
Administration could not raise it.
But now, I trust that the will of the people may
prevail—that the bill may be fnlly discussed—that
we may have an opportunity to record our names
in its favor, and that it may be pa sed into a law,
and sent out to the people, for the good of the
country.
Bat it is said, that this system will overthrow our
manufactories—destroy commerce—impoverish the
laboring classes—that it will ruin the country—and
that the people are in great distress, either because
the system is already in operation, or i  about to be
adopted by the Government. The cries of distress
have been ra sed, both in and out of Congress.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise] said,
the other day, if I understood him correctly, that
he had just left that city which boasted of more
capital than any other on this continent; that they
had no currency there, none whatever; that the
country was in an unexampled state of depresión;
that every limb of almost every man, woman, and
child in the land, was paralyzed by oppression, and
that the nation was crying out for relief.
Having occasion, soon after, to visit that and
some other commercial cities, you will judge of
my astonishment, when I found myself wholly un-
able to discover any signs of that distress which
had been depicted in such glowing colors, but, on
the contrary, found the steamboats filled with gen-
teel pas engers, the railroad cars crowded to over-
flowing, ihe hotels occupied by men of business,
th? markets filled with the comforts and luxuries of
lite, merchant vessels constantly arriving and de-
parting, seamen in goo 1 demand, at high wages,
and the people, to all appearance, prosperous and
happy ! I was perplexed to account for this sudden
change, until I recollected the anecdote of the
priest and the lady, who were locking through a
telescope at the moon: While the ptiest could dis-
cover nothing but churches, spires, and other pre-
parations for religious observances, the lady could
see nothing but green arbors and pleasant groves,
with lovers sitting under the shade of the trees.
Thus each saw what was passing in the mind.
The shrill cry of distes* which so oft-n salutes
our ear, comes not ftom 'he poor, the destitute, and
the iufferog. It comes from those gentlemen who
are connected with, and have the control of, the
nine hundred banks and branches in this country;
from bank presidents, bank directors, and bank de-
pendants, and their political associates, who desire
to overihrow the Admin stration. It comes from
the Whig merchants in Boston, New York,
delphia, and other large cities, who ride
carriages, drawn by gay hones, surrounded
rich equipage, who live in marble palaces,
nished in ilv most splendid and magnificent style,
who fare sumptuously every day, sitting down at¿
tables which groan under the weight of the luxuy
nes, and the dainties of the season; and while par*
taking of rich viands, and sipping old and choice
wines, they will mourn over the hardness of the
the times, the pressure in the money market,
ihe distress which prevails in the country, and
the folly, extravasance. corruption and madness
of the present Administration !
Such men cannot be pleased, while the Govern-
ment is administered on Democratic principles.
Tnough the Adminstration were as pure as the
angels in Heaven, it could not command their ap-
probation. Tory could not be satisfied. Like the
noise leech's daughters, they would "cry, gire,
give, and never say enough."
In the judgment of a certain party, this country
has been ruined many times wi hin the last
forty years. They c nidered it ruined, and the
institutions of religion overthrown, when Thomas
Jefferson was elected President—ruined again, when
James Madison was elected—ruined when the em*
bargo, non-intercourse, and non-importation act*
o ueaiie
es from >
t, Phila- J
in their i
id«d by F
ces, fur- f
