496
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1&4Q,
86th Conq.t. 1st Skss
Appropriation Bill—Mr. McKay.
H. of Reps.
■As well might a blacksmith attempt to mend a watch, as a
farmer to legislate. What mischiefs are sure to be enacted,
when a man, born to nothing but the ploughta.il, takes to legis-
lating."
Another Whig paper, the Atlas, published in
the same city, has since admonished its friends
that they must pursue a different policy, in order
to get the votes of the people. They must, says
that paper, "descend into the forum, and take the
laboriwt man by the hand."
A distinguished opponent of Democracy has
said:
"There never can be prosperous times in this country, until
a poor man, as in England, is obliged to work for a sheep's
head and pluck a day, and lie undot a cart at night."
One of the most celebrated Whigs and bankers
of this country, has recently proclaimed, that:
"It was only through the infliction of sufferings, that the
people could be brought to oppose the Administration; and
that the sufferings of the people would scourge the banditti in
high places back to their caverns."
Such were the sentiments which our opponents
entertained of the laboring people; and I would
ask what has caused this sudden change in thrir
feelings and policy? Whence arises this new born
affection for the people, for laborers, farmers,
mechanics, seamen? Why does "purse proud,
bellowing insolence" condescend to take the labor-
ing man by the hand, and lo fawn over him, and
play the sycophant? The laboring man will answer
this question at the polls. He will teach our oppo-
nents that they have greatly underrated his intelli-
gence, and his virtue—and that he will not desert
his tried and ancient friends, who have stood by
him, and been fallow-laborers in the same vine-
yard.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Cush-
ma] was jealous of European measures—he would
not follow their example—our insulations were
peculiar in many respects. And yet he tells us,
near the close of his speech, that there is no Go-
vernment on earth which he respects so much as
he does England. He proceeds to say that she
has risen in power and greatness beyond that of
any other on the globe; and refers to the evidences
of her greatness and the wisdom oí her policy.
Among the evidences of her prosperity, he re-
minds us of the extent of her dominions, of her
army and navy, and her 130 millions of conqueied
inhabitants' in India; and he asks if we would not
follow the example nf a nation which has obtained
snch greatness by such a system?
Sir, we have followed her example too long. I
am jealous of the m^a^ures of all European Go-
vernments, but especially of England, who has
more power to injure us than aoy other nation, and
greater inducements to exert that power. We
have already been engaged in two long and bloody
wars with her for the main'enance of our just
rights; and may yet be involved in another, unless
a returning sense of justice, or fear of conse-
quences, should induce her to abandon her pre-
tended claim of title to a portion of our public do-
main. What would be the result of such a contest,
cannot admit of very serious doubts. But the dan-
ger at present lies in a different direction. What
she cannot obtain by her fleets and armies, she
may oblain by her moneyed power; namely: a can-
trol over the destinies of this country.
Sutil onr eyes be dazzled by British splendor,
and blinded by Briti>h glory, to imitate her policy,
which, to say nothing of poor, oppresseü, and ru-
ined Ireland, has reduced nearly one half of the
people of England and Wales to poverty and
wretchedness; which has spread pauperism, disease,
and crime throughout her dominions; and which has
reduced one hundred and thirty millions of people
in India from freedom, and the ownership of fee
simple estates, to poverty, servitude, and death by
starvation, at the rate of half a million per year?
Are such the fruits of her paper system? If tbey
are, Jet us not follow her example.
The effects of the present banking system on the
people of England may be seen by an able and au-
thentic document, now in my hand. It is the re-
port of the Directors of the Chamber of Commerce
and Manufactures at Manchester, England, De-
cember 12, 1839, from which I beg leave to read
the following extracts:
"It ha  been shown that the Bank no sooner found itself in a
safe position, than it recommenced, in 1838, a system of expan-
ion, and.exported part of it* stock of gold,
"Prices of the great staples before enumerated consequently
advanced during the year 1838, and part of the year 1839, until,
as we have seen, the restrictive policy was resumed, the mo-
tion of the screw was reversed, and, down to the present mo-
ment, prices have again fallen fram 20 to 30 per cent, thus in-
flicting upon the already prostrate trading and manufacturing
interest a repetition of the sacrifices of 1S37.
"By these forcedexpansions and contractions of the currency
during the last three years, some of the most prudent and
wealthy of our merchants and manufacturéis have incurred
that ruin which, in a more wholesome and natural state of the
circulating medium, could befall only.the reckless adventurer or
gambler.
"Under such a state of things as has been described, calcula-
tions based upon the most enlarged experience afford no secu-
rity against loss and failure. The tiader learns the fate of his
undertakings not in the markets of the world, as influenced by
the law of supply and demand, but in the acts of twenty-six ir-
T sponsible individuals conducting a joint stock banking asso-
ciation ¡n the city of London.
"But the heavy pecuniary losses incurred by our capitalists,
constitute a minor evil when com parr d with the moral and so-
cial injuries inflicted upon the laboring classes by the fluctua-
tions in the currency. The board have directed thiir best at-
tention to this part of the subject; the effects produced upon
the condition of the great mass of the people by the operations
ol\the Bank of England having hitherto been almost entirely
overleokrd.
"The late panic, by causing a diminution of our exports in
1837, as compared with the previous year, to the extent of ten
millions; and by curtailing, proportionately, the amount of our
home trade, was accompanied by a corresponding cessation of
the demand for labor. In the spring and summer of that year,
vast numbers of the working classes, in all the large towns,
were suddenly deprived of employment, and thrown upon their
own feeble resources for the maintenance of their families.
Their first resort would naturally be to their own reserved
funds; and in examining the reports of the various savings
banks in the manufacturing districts, it has been found, in
Manchester, Leeds, Birmingham, Sheffield, Stockport, Hud-
dersfield, Blockburn, Bolton, and every other place to which
the board have directed their inquires, that although the labor-
ing classes form but a small proportion of the depositors, the
amount of money drawn from these institutions in 1837 ex-
ceeded, considerably, the sums lodged with them during that
year.
"The next and only resource of the working classes, when
deprived of employment, is the parochial poor fund. But in
directing inquiries into the amoint of parish relief afforded in
1837, as compaied with previous years, the board found that the
adoption of the new poor law act, about that time, and the con-
sequent organization of parishes into unions, prevented them
from instituting such comparisons. In the report of the poor
law commissioners, dated the 17th 'July, 183i, are, however,
recorded some statements of facts, which exhibit in a strong
light the nature of the evil.
"The Commissioners begin by stating that they were deterred
from making an earlier report, because of the sudden change
which took place m the manufacturing districts, by the cessaV
Hon of the usual employment, which made them desirous op;
possessing such information as they might he able to collect as
to the working of the system underthe adverse circumstances to
which it became so suddenly exposed.
"The report states, that in the greater part of the manfacturing
counties of Stafford, Nottingham, and Leicester, a cessation in
the demand for labor took place in 1837, more sudden in its ap-
proach, and more extensive in its operations, than has been
known on any previous occasion. In many places, owing to
the insufficiency of the workhouse accommodation, they were
obliged to suspend the order prohibiting out-door relief to the
able-bodied. In Nottingham, after providing for nearly 700
persons by the workhouse, a subscription of jE4,000 was enter-
ed into by the principal inhabitants of the town, and the un-
employed operatives were set to work in «instructing a road
through some property belonging to the corporation.
"The report contains similar accounts of the state of the
wonting classes in Coventry, Foleshill, Nuneaton, Mansfield,
and other places; there is also a report from Dr Kay, upon the
condition of the Spitalfields weavers, in which he states that,
out of 4,000 looms one-third are altogether disused, and that
certain of the remaining loums are only partially employed.
And Mr. Muggeridge, the migration agent, in a Similar report
from Manchester, dated July, 1837, says that the entire trade of
the district was all at onoe paralyzed, and distrust suspended
for a season almost all commercial operations.
"The board have inspected the various reports of the chari-
table bodies of the time, for further facts illustrative of the
effects of the panic upon the working classes.
" In Birmingham targe subscriptions were raised to relieve
he distresses of the almost unprecedented numbers of unem-
ployed work people. Sheffield was divided into districts, and up-
wards of 15,000 persons were at one time supported by charity.
The committee of the distress fund stated, in a public appeal,
that in hundreds of families, children were crying for food to
parents unable to give it; and in others, sickness, arising from
the want of the necessaries of life, threatens, without a speedy
relief to bring the sufferings' of the wretr tied individuals to a
cloie.' The eighth annual report of the Liverpool Visiting So-
ciety for the year 1839, states that during the four preceding
years, the average number of cases relieved by the board was
2,892, at a cost in provisions of jE!>57 4s. 2d ; whereas during
the last year, the number was 9,902, at the cost of jE1,338 Is.
2d.; and by a table of the number of inmates of the Liverpool
Asylum for the houseless poor, it has been found that 15,781
were admitted in 1837, whilst the highest number admitted
in any one of the three preceding years, amounted only to
10559.
" The Leeds Church ofEngland Visiting Society, in their an-
nual report to the first of October, 1837, begin with lamenting
the commercial embarrassments, and consequent privations of
the poorer classes.
" Scotland was the first, as usual, to feel the effects of a pecu-
niary crisis.
"A public meeting was held in Glasgow on the 19th of May,
1837, to raise a subscription for the relief of the distressed of
the working classes, upwards of eight thousand pounds was
placed at the disposal of the committee. At one time about
18,500 persons were fed from the soup kitchen, of whom up-
wards of 3,800 were grown persons. Large bodies of laborers
were at the same time thrown out of employment, and render-
ed destitute in Dundee and other large town* in Scotland.   In
Paisley, a public meeting was held on the 1 lth of April, 1837,
to raise a subscription, and in June it was calculated ihat 20,000
persons were unemployed; and at Strathaven and other towns
and villages in the west of Scotland, destitution and disease pre.
vailed to an alarming degree."
"Nor did Ireland escape her share of the common calamity.
The committee of the Dublin Mendicity Association, in their
report for 1837, state, that 'they have struggled through a year
of most unparalleled difficulties, and that, within the recollec-
tion of the oldest inhabitants, there has seldom, if ever, occur-
red a period when out door employment was so much restrict,
ed.' And the 27th report of the Belfast House of Industry,
dated the 16th March, 1837, dwells upon the urgent and nume-
rous claims of the poor, 'among whom the depression of trade,
arising from a panic in the money market, has produced much
distress."
"Similar consequences must always flow from a forced con-
traction of the currency.
"Even at this moment, the same process on the part of the
Bank of England is again going on, and producing a repetition
of all those evils which have been enumerated. In Leeds, Not.
tingham, Paisley, Glasgow, and other large manufacturing
towns, multitudes of industrious work people are thrown
oat of employment, whose privations are again causing a la-
mentable increase of pauperism, crime, and disease."
If such are the fruits of this paper money, or
bank note system, in England, we envy not her
wealth, her glory, or her splendor. We boast not
of such evidences of national greatness. But we
may well indulge in a just pride, that, while we
do not possess her power, her wealth, her splendor,
we ate at least free from the wretchedness and mi-
sery which pervade her dominions; and we may
content ourselves with the reflection that there is no
monument of natienal greatness ¡o permanent, so
honorable, so glorious, ss a well fed, well clothed,
well lodged, well educated, and happy PEOPLE. And
I conclude, therefore, by adopting the language of
the bard:
1 What constitutes a Ptatel
Not high wrought battlement, or labored mound,
Thick wall, or moated gate;
Not cities fair, with spires and turrets crown'd;
Not bays or broad-armed ports,
Where, laughing at the storm, rich navies ride:
Notetar'd and spangled courts,
Where low-bowed baseness wafts perfume to pride.
No.   MEN—high minded MEN—Men,
Who their duties know, but know their rights,
And, knowing, dare maintain:
These constitute a State."
REMARKS OF MR. MCKAY,
'    J          OF NORTH CAROLINA.
In the Mouse of Representatives, April 33, 1840—On
the/ill making appropriations for the civil and
dip/umatic expenses of Government.
>,    MJ. McKAY said that he would not detain
^beiommittee iong, as, In the course of the ie-
nja/ks he was about submitting to it, he would not
fcHfow the example of gentlemen who had intro-
duced into the debate various topics, which it ap-
peared to him were wholly irrelevant.    Some had
thought this a fit occasion  to discuss  the preten-
sions of the two opposing candidates for the Presi-
dency.   It was his opinion that this was neither
the time or the place for such a discussion.    For
his part,  though decidedly preferring the re-elec-
tion of Mr. Van Buren, he was willing to leave
to the people of the Uniled States, with whom the
Constitution had placed it, the election of that
high officer, being prepared  to acquiesee in  any
choice they may make.   His main object in rising
to address the committee, was to say something on
a subject fairly connected with the bill under con-
sideration—he meant the public expenditures.   It
had been charged here, and elsewhere, that they ,
were unnecessarily   large and extravagant," and '
that the present Administration, and the one which
immediately preceded it, were responsible for that
extravagance.   With regard lo the present Presi-
dent, Mr. McK. said that he did not think it neces-
sary lo say a single word, further lhan to call the
attention of the commit tee to that part of the an-
nual message communicated to Congress at the
commencement of this session, in which he alludes
to the subject of the public expenditures, and to
rest his vindication entirely upon that.
In the message of December 3,1839, he says:
"The whole revenue then accruing from the customs, and
from the sales of public lands, if not more, will undoubtedly be
wanted to defray the necessary expenses of the Government
under the most prudent administration of its affairs.   These are
circumstances  that   impose  the necessity of rigid economy,
and require its prompt and constant exercise.    With the Le-
gislature rest the power and duty of so adjusting the public ex-
penditure as to promote this end.   By the provisions of the
Constitution, it  is ohly in consequence of appropriations made
by law, that money can be drawn from the Treasury; no in.
stance has occurred since the establishment of the Government
in which the Executive, though a component partof toe legis
