sW
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1840.
*6th Coso.
.1st Seis.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
the court expenses, swallow up the principal part.
So true.is this, that it is proverbial; and when, in
the discussion of the bankrupt bill in this cham-
ber, a dcxen years ago, Mr. Randolph compared a
bankrupt's estete in the hands of assignees, to a
lamp of butter in a dog's mouth, the comparison,
strong as it was, was considered to have as much
of truth as sarcasm in it. Such being the case
when the creditor chose the time when the sur-
render of effects sboald take place, what would it
be when, the debtor is to choose the time?
9. The. place of instituting the proceedings
gires another great advantage to the debtor. He
chooses his place. He chooses out of the twenty-
six States, the three Territories, and the District of
Columbia. IJe has this choice; for the proceedings
are,to be had at the place where the debtor resides
at the time of instituting them. He files his peti-
tion in the court of the district in which-he resides
at tbe time; i and this gives the debtor great advan-
tages- over the creditor. The abrogation of the
debLmay take place far removed from the place
where it was contracted, and far from the residence
of the creditor. Persons meaning to take the bene-
fit of the act, if so disposed, can go and establish a
residence where they please, aud proceed almost
unmolested by their creditors. Iowa, Wiskonsin,
Florida, Arkansas,Missouri, may become the places
for trying cases, which originated in the Atlan-
tic States. Creditors may be called such vast dis-
tances from home that they may choose to give up
their claim, rather than pursue it at such a sacrifice
of time and money.
3.  The notice for bringing in the creditor is most
inadequate and uncertain. It is not until after the
debtor is decreed to be a bankrupt that the creditor
is intended to know any thing of the proceeding.
Up to that point it is expressly, and on purpose, an
et pmrte proceeding. It is only after the decree
that he is intended to have notice; and he is then
permitted to come.in merely to contest the right to
the final, discharge . Then his right to know what
is going on, and to become party to the final pro-
ceedings, accrues; and his chance for notice is a
publication of twenty days in some newspaper de-
signated by the court. This is the only chance
whteh, the creditor is to hare, to £nd out what is
going on; it may be at the distance of fire hun-
dred or a thousand milesfrom him; and, not merely
to find it out, but to repair to the scene, and make
head against the discharge. This is a most inade-
quate provision for notice. Creditors in foil life,
health, and activity, ready and able to attend to
their affairs, would find itdifficult to avail themselves
«f so short a notice; but whatis to become of widows,
orphans, absentees, the sick, and that long list
of persons who may find it out of their power to
attend? What is to become of those who do not take
the paper which contain the notice, or who
were prevented from receiving it, by a fail-
ure in the mail? To all these there is no
notice at all. The twenty days roll on; they
can do nothing; and, in the short tpace of two-
tnirdsof a moon, their money is gone.
4.  The courts for lae trial of these cases are to be
always open, and the proceedings are to be sum-
mary and expeditious. The usual legal forms are
to be-dispensed with; brevity and rapidity are to
mark the steps of the judge. The district courts
are to be converted into pie poudre tribunals—
where decisions are to be made as fast as dust can
oe shaken- from the foot; and this without being
recorded at large, though the proceedings are to be
matter of record. Such is the haste, the informality,
the want of time for deliberation, which is to
attend proceedings by which the fearful process
of abolishing debts, at the will of the debtor, may
i>e hurried on.
5.  Two years is the time allowed for the act to
run. It is to be an act for two years, and no
more. I- do not object to the shortness of time
because it may not be sufficient for the purpose it
proposes, namely, for an abolition of debts at the
will of the debtor; but I point out this short dura-
tion of the act, as an evidence of its character—as
a circumstance which shows it to be no system—
which identifier it as a temporary, one sided, relief
law, for the benefit of existing debtors.
6.  After all, the bill is not to be applicable to al1 II
debtors—the telief is not to be for all persons ow-
ing debts. There is to be a line of division be-
tween the debtors—a horizontal line; these above
the hoe are to have relief—those below it are de-
nied it. This results from the amount which the
debtor must owe in order to entitle himself to the
benefit of its provisions. The bill provides for an
amount, but leaves the sum in blank. Will the
reporter of the bill, said Mr. B. (addressing hira-
f-elf to Mr. Clatton of Delaware,) name the
amount which it is proposed to insert?
[Mr. Clayton said he had not been instructed
to move a particular sum, but $500 had been men-
tioned in the committee.]
Mr. B. continued: Five hundred dollars. That
was the sum mentioned io the committee, and no
other sum is mentioned here. Five hundred dol-
lars must be considered, then, as the amount ne-
cessary to be owed, to entitle a person to the relief
of the act. Now, this is arbitrary and unequal: it
cuts off the small dealers—the persons of little pro-
perty—the laborers; it cuts them off from the bene-
fit of the act, and operates as an encouragement
to people to go largely in debt, as the large debtots
are to be relieved, and the small ones not. It
makes the act exclusive for large dealers, and this
contrary to the principle of equality which is pro-
fe'ssed.in the bill, and without any foundation in
reason and justice. The weight of debt is rela-
tive, not absolute. !■■ depends upon the amount of
the debtor's property, and not upon the amount of
the debt. To one man, a debt of on? hundred dol-
lars i<¡ as much as a hundred thau^an !, or 3 mil-
lion, is to another. To ene man, five hundred dol-
lars is as much as five hundred thousand is to an-
other; and, beyond question, the most numeron 
class rff debtors in the United Slates are those who
owe less than the minimum proposed in this bill.
But ihes6 small debtors, numerous as they are,
are disregarded and overlooked by the bill. They
are to work out their debts in sorrow and in mi-
sery, carrying their endless load to the grave; while
the dashers—the large debtors—clear out theirs by
a declaration and a surrender.
Such are the details—a few of them—and evi-
dently all contrived for the benefit of the debtor,
and effectually calculated to insure his discharge.
In ninety-uine cases out of a hundred the discharge
will follow the petition as certainly, an 1 almost as
rvpidly, as the bolt follows the flash, and will ex-
hibit, perhaps, the largest abolition of debts which
has ever been seen at any one time under a Govern-
ment of Jaw and order. The gentlemen who con-
duct the bill, and advocate its passage, present an
imposing view of the number of debtors to be re-
lieved by it, and the amount of their liabilities.
They say, and that truly, that there has been no
bankrupt law in our country for forty years.
They say further that the number of persons now
petitioning amount to 200,000, aud they compute
300,000 more to be awaiting the passage of the bill,
who have not petitioned. Without vouching for
the correctness of these numbers, I still undertake
to say that the bill contemplates the largest and
most fearful abolition of debts that has ever been
seen in a country of law and order.
If the creditor chances to hear of what i« going
on, and is fortunate enough tu arrive at the court
before the twenty days are out, what is he then to
do to prevent the discharge of his debtor? He is
to prove acts done in contemplation of taking the
benefit of this law; he is limited to those acts; and
is, consequently, cut off from all previous exami-
nation into his debtor's conduct. Now the act is
retrospective: it is to operate upon all existing
deb's, no matter when contracted. The debts
may be five, ten, twenty, (or, as gentlemen argue,)
even forty years old; the party may have fraudu-
lently conveyed away, or gambled eff, or wasted,
his estate in all that time; but no examination is to
be had into it. Acts done in contemplation of ap-
plying for relief under this law, are all that can be
examined; consequently the past conduct of the
debtor becomes "a sealed book," which the creditor
cannot open. Even the gambling, which may de-
feat the right to the discharge, degenerates into an
illusory and mock prohibition. It is to be that
which exceeds a given amount, not named, and
which takes place one year before the decree of
bankruptcy. Yes, one year before the decree! and,
as the time of this decree depends entirely upon
the will of the debtor, he has only to delay it for a
year and a day, after he had sunk his estate at the
gambling table; and then justice is ready to put him
on a footing with the unfortunate and the innocent,
whose property has been destroyed in the conflagra-
tion of a city, a storm at sea, or a tornado in the
land. Better far to strike out such an illusory pro-
vision, than to retaia it in its present mock
shape!
No distinction is made in the bill for classes of
debtors, essentially distinct in themselves. The
depositary, who may have violated his trust—the
assignee, who may have converted to his own use,
the property put into his hands for the benefit of
creditors—guardians, who may have plundered
their wards—spendthrifts—gamblers—a'l are put
on an equal footing with the unfortunate and the
innocent. The bill shocks the moral sense, by con-
founding the eternal principles of right and wrong,
and making no distinction between the unfortunate
and the criminal.
These are the details, and their practical opera-
tion, and they make more objectionable that which
was bad enough in its principle. Far from soften-
inj, they aggravate the evils of the principle. Up
to the decree of bankruptcy, the proceedings are
ex parte; after that, they are as good as ex parte.
The creditor is lost sight of; he is expunged from
the transaction—all depends upon the debtor. His
power over the time, the place, the notice, and the
mode r>f proceeding, resolves the whole into an ex
parle affair for his own benefit. Any person owing
above $500, that is to say, every person except the
laboring and small dealing part of the community,
may step into a court, and, on surrendering the
wrecks of an estate, absolve himself from his debts
a? readily as he would divest himself of his hat
and coat. A surrender of the property in hand—
the wreck which may be left after a life either of
misconduct, or of misfortune—discharges the con-
tract, and absolves the connection between the debt-
or and creditor. A surrender of a fragment
of property does it, although the debt might
not have been contracted on the faith of
property, but on the faith of character-
capacity for business—expectations—profession
—trade—salary—income. Property is far from
being the sole, or even the most general foundation
for credit among us: it is far from being the sole
resource for the payment of debts. It is often to
other resources that the creditor looked at the very
time that he gave the credit; and surely it is an un-
justifiable exercise of legislative power to cut him
off from all these resources by a retrospective law,
giving him no chance for an actual or implied con-
sent te the proceeding. In every bankrupt law in"
the world, and even in every insolvent law, the
creditor consents to the proceeding, either actually
or impliedly, by commencing the process, or be-
coming a party to it, either of his own will, or
upon the decision of other creditors. In all the
countries of the earth, the bankrupt process is op-
tional with the creditor, compulsory against the
debtor, and calculated to save something, while
there is something to be saved. There is no such
thing a? voluntary bankruptcy in the world, at the
sole will and pleasure of the debtor. What is
called voluntary bankruptcy in England, must be
voluntary on both sides. The debtor begins, and
admits the fact of bankruptcy; the creditor assents,
and then the proceeding goes on. If the creditor
does not assent, nothing is done. This is the way
it is in England. In our own country, we once
had a bankrupt law: it contained no sucb feature
as that which is now proposed. In 1821 and 1827,
attempts were made to establish a bankrupt sys-
tem; but no such feature as that now introduced
was ever thought of. The bill of 1827, in this
chamber commonly called General Haynes's bill,
did contain a voluntary clause; but it was confined
to those who were not merchant and traders; and
then it was voluntary on both sides. One began,
and the <ther assented; otherwise, nothing was
done.
The bill proposes nothing—literally nothing—for
the creditor; and this the gentlemen who advocate
it admit aud defend.   They admit it doe  nothing
«h.
