May, 1840.
26th Cong.......1st Sbss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
for the creditor, and they justify this omission upon
the ground that the States have passed laws for
their benefit—to enable them to sue—recover—pro-
seftute to judgment—execution, &e. Surely this
argument, if it will apply to one side, will apply
to the other. The States have made as many laws
fo| the debtor as for the creditor; they have passed
laws both to discharge the person and the actions.
They have done as much on one side as on
the other; and if one fade is to rely on State laws,
whynotlbe other? But the argument is wholly
invalid. A bankrupt law must be complete in it-
self. It must be a system, and a system within it-
self. It cannot be helped out by extraneous legis
lafcon: it cannot be helped out by State laws it can-
not consist one-half of Federal, and the other half
of State legislation. It cannot adopt the variant
and changeable legislation of thirty States and Ter-
ritories as part of its code; much less can it tell the
judges to do so. At all events, it should give sta-
bility to this State legislation if it is to be relied
upon  The adoption of it should be permanent;
otherwise the States may al:er it all; and then there
wquld be nothing for the creditor. But I forbear:
the objection is fatal, and gentlemen feel it to be
so. By their answer, they admit the one-sided
character of their bill, and they admit that it ought
not tobe one sided. They admit that the creditor
should have some rights over the conduct and pro-
perty of his debtor; they admit this; but instead of
securing these rights in their system of bankruptcy,
they Jeter them all to State legislation!
What are to be the consequences of such a bill,
supposing it to ripen into a Jaw? What are to be
its consequences, present and future—pecuniary and
moral—at home and abroad? An immediate effect
would be to make many poor, who are now con-
sidered independent r la relieving bankrupts, it
would make bankrupts! In freeing many from
their debts, it would deprive n.any of their future
support! Widows, orphan?, and men of every
occupation, might suddenly be stripped of their in-
heritance or their earnings. The banks m ght
look out for heavy losses. Upon the public mora's
the eflect would doubtless be unfortunate. It would
torn the mind in the wrong direction. Instead of
looking to the ultimate discharge of obligations by
gradual payments, and equitable compromises, (so
rarely denied to the industrióos, or to the unfortu-
nate,) it would induce an immediate resort to the
court to get rid of a disagreeable load. To cut,
and not nntie, the gordian knot, would be the pro-
cess. To the rising generation it would present a
contagious and pernicious example. Young men
just entering into life, seeing half a million of their
elders going forward to cancel their debts, at their
own will, might be induced to think too light'y of
debt, and rush into liabilities from which they saw a
facile way of releasing themselves. Upon our
credit abroad, the effect could not be otherwise
than bad. The bill is to take in "all persvns what-
soewr" who owe above a certain amount ($500;)
and, therefore, may release those whose creditors
are in Europe, and who can know nothing of what
is going on here. Even a fugitive from Europe,
within a few days after touching our shores, and
before his creditor could know where he had gone,
might free himself from liability, and live in luxu-
ry opon a plundered estate.
I ant astonished at the suddenness and impetu-
osity of this demand, not for a bankrupt system,
for that is natural after the career which the paper
system has been running in our country; but 1 am
astonished at this sudden demand for a mere
insolvent law, at the will of the debtor. It seems
to have broken out all at once. We have had
repeated applications for a bankrupt system, pever
before for an abolition of debts. AH of a sudden
this new demand is presented to us, and pressed
upon' ns, and -with every appearance of being a
party movement. It seems to have commenced in
this chamber. All the petitions ask for a general
law: they use the word general: none ask for a
special act. The idea of this special law seems to
haveoriginatedhere. Zeal and sympathy for the un-
fortunate d-bior, which has slept so long—which
wassilent at the last session and the session before,
and even the session before that; this zeal, and
ibis «vmbatby, has now bursted forth in a torreat,
and with irrepressible violence, from the other side
of the chamber. Sir, is this accidental, or is it
systematic? Is it chance, or is it part of a system
which seeks periodically, at the last long session
before each Presidential election, to agitate the
public mind with some vast scheme addressed to
the feelings, or to the interests of sections or classes?
Since .twenty years that I have sat in this cham-
ber, I have witnessed, periedically, these seductive
and agitating movements, so well calculated to
influence votes in the coming: contest. In 1824
and 1828, it was the tariff and in'ernal improve-
ment: in 1832, it was the national bank and the
distribution of land revenue: in 183G, it was a
distribution of forty millions of surplus revenue:
now, in 1840, it is the abolition of debts under
the simulated name of a bankrupt law. Each of
these schemes, supposed to be irresistibly popular
have been pressed by the same party, at the same
relative point of time, with the same apparent
objects—and, thus far, with the same results. The
intelligence and patriotism of the people have
sustained those who have disregarded apparent
popularity when it comes in conflict with a con-
scientous discharge of public duty. Tariff—
internal improvement—national bank—land
revenue—surplus—all failed to control the Pre-
sidential elections on the eve of which they
were brought forth. The tribunal of the public
opinion condemned them all; and to that same
tribunal we appeal again to condemn this scheme
for an abolition of debts, stamped as it is with
every feature which distinguished the propositions
for abolition of debts, mads in the latter days of
the Roman Republic by the rival candidates for
the consulship and for the tribune.
I do not think the present session the propitious
one for beneficial action on this subject. Five
hundred thousand voters, demanding the passage
of a law, on the eve of an election, must have an
influence upon the hopes and fears of the lawgiver,
as well as upon his judgment and conscience.
Since they have waited so long, I should have pre-
ferred the delay of a few months more. Still, the
subject is before us, and we are here; and I am
willing to act, and to do what I believe to be my
duty. I am ready t© assist in framing an act which
shall be general in its provisions, and just in its
application—which shall do justice to the creditor
as well as to the debtor—which shall apply to
trading and money dealing corporations, as well
as to trading and money dealing individuals—
which shall be compulsory with regard to traders
and dealers, whether natural or artificial—which
shall be optional with respect to other classes ol the
community—and which shall distinguish between
misfortune and misconduct. A bill framed upon
this general and equitable basis might pas ; a bill
framed upon the narrow basw of relieving debtors
alone, it would seem to me, cannot pass. If those
who are for including corporations, and those who
are for relieving dtbtors, would act together, the
200,000 petitioners who have appeared here, and
the 300,000 more which are said to be behind,
nrght find the equitable relief which the debtors'
own consciences would approve: if not, all may be
lost. We offer to legislate on this broad and equi-
table basis. The bill of the minority furnishes the
trae basis for the enactment of a bankrupt system.
We offer to provide for all; and it is for the gen-
tlemen on the opposite side to say that all shall
miscarry if ihey are not allowed to provide for one
part, and one side, only.
Mr. BENTON went on to say that the inclu-
sron of incorporations was the hinge upon which
the passage of any bankrupt law depended. If
included, all the rest would become matter of de-
tail, easy to be adjusted; if excluded, many Sena-
tors, of whom he was one, would oppose any bill
that could be framed. The question, then, is upon
the inclusion of these corporations—I mean the
money dealing and trading corporations—and,
dropping all other views of the subject, I shall
confine myself to this single point, and examine
the reasons why these institutions should, or
should not, be included in the provisions of a
general bankrupt law".
I am of opinion that they ought to be so in-
cJmded, and that for numerous and cogent reasons.
Fir>t on account cf their number. Vast is the
number of ilr-e institutions, and consUntly in-
creasing, and already embracing such ataree num-
ber of persons that, to exc'n ie them from a bank-
rupt law, would be to exclude an immense pro-
portion of the business part of the community.
The banks alone amount to near one thousand;
other trading corporations may be still more nu-
merous; and if chatters of incorporation are to be
protection?; against the penalties of bankruptcy,
all tintare iich enough to buy iii*m may go forward
and do so. A bonus gets a charter—and a charter
for any thing—for any species of business that the
head or the hand of man can carry on. Great
then as the number o: these ohatta-s now are,
and numerous! as are the indivi inals embraced by
them, the prospect is that of a vast increase; and,
therefore, for their numbers alone, they should be
included. The otii-sion of >o numerous a body
would male too treat a el'asrn in a code of law in-
tended to apply to the inhabitants of a country of
free and equal p'tvilejcs, Tl ere!ore, and for
their numbers, I vvou'd have them included.
Next for their weal.h. Gp?t is the wealth—
vast the dealings of these instil u: ion*. They count
by the million, the ten millions, and the hundred
millions. Their capitals are large—their dealings
three or four times larger. One of these institu-
tions alone has a capital of thirty-five millions of
dollars; its dealings, as shown in its published
account- , exceed an huulred million of dollars.
This, certainly, is the largest; but many others are
proportionately great; and the argregate of the
whole is enormous. In debts, property, and effects,
these institutions are becoming the great property
holders of the country. They are becoming what
the churches and monasteries were in England,
when they were computed to hold the one third part,-
of the wealth of the kingdom, and when the public
required the law of moH main to be applied to
them. Sir, it is absurd, in our country, to think of
subjecting the property of individuals to the bank-
rupt remedy, and to exempt from it the enormous
wealth of the corporations.
The nature of their dealings is another reason
for subjecting these institutions lo this process.
They deal in money and exchanges; they furnish
currency and receive deposites; they force a credit
from every body by putting n'<trs into circulat'on
which every person is forced to receive. They
exact punctuality from others, and should te punc-
tual themselves. Besides all the remedies of the law,
they have pecular remedies of their own—that of
the protest and s'opping ih?. credit. They protest a
man, and slop,, his credit, besides suing, selling out
his property, and incarcerating his person. They
exact punctuality from the community, and should
be punctual themselves. They deal in what
concerns the whole community, and constitute
themselves creditor  to the whole community,
whether the community will or not. They force
themselves to become the creditors of a'l—the rich
and the poor—the laborer and the employer—the
children and servants even. They assume to «ap-
ply a currency, convertible inlo specie at the wrH
of the holder, ani they refuse to pay it when they
please. If dealings of this ktnd are not to be
enforced under the penalties of bankruptcy—deal-
ings in which punctuality is the essential ingredient
—how ean you visit with those penalties the cur-
rent delinquencies of mere individuals?
This ii the nature of one branch of their deal-
ings—their appropriate and proper dealings; but
banks of late have beceme merchants and traders,
engaging in all manner of trade, from the great
staples of cotton, tobacco, beef, pork, and flour,
down to chickens, eggs, and butter. Instead of aid-
ing merchants and traders, they have become their
rivals—great, .powerful, and monopolizing rivals;
and, while making a bankrupt law to include small
traders, even the smallest, with what justice can
we exclude these corpora'ion merchants, who fly
from their proper sphere, and deal in millions,
and become the rivals of those they were created
to aid?
Their privileges. They possess great and extra-
ordinary privileges; and I have no idea of adding
to the number of these privileges by exempting
Ujem from the operation of a law directed, against
