506
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May0 1840.
26th Cong." 1st Sess
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
other debtors. They have the benefit of all the
laws «gainst debtors: if a bankrupt bill is passed,
they will have the benefit of it, without being sub-
ject to it. They will be included in the list of cre-
ditors for a pro rata distribution of the bankrupt's
effects, all hough no one can get a distribution of
their effects. Their whole existence is made up of
privileges, and why add to the number'! Sir, it is
not extension, but diminution of privileges for
which these artificial bodies ought to look. They
have enough now, and too many. Most of them
pay no laxes; the property of the stockholder, as
well as his person, is exempt from liability for their
debts; they sue their debtors, and sell their proper-
ty, and send their bodies to prison. They have
the privilege of stamping bits of paper with figures
and pictures, and forcing them upon the communi-
ty for money: they have the privilege of usury; for
they may lend, and that by law, three, four, or five
paper dollars for each ¡diver one they possess, and
draw interest upon the whole. In addition to all
this, they take the privilege of becoming bankrupt
when they please. They place at defiance, when
they please, the laws of the country and the princi-
ples of morality; they violate all their own pro-
mises, and compel others to violate theirs. Such
are the privileges which they possess, and which
they take; privileges already too great for the cause
of morals, the good of the community, or the safety
of Government; and, not contented with all this,
are we still to add to the mass, and to invest these
corporations with the high privilege of exemption
lrom a bankrupt system?
Their strength is another reason for bringing
the Federal arm to bear upon these institutions.
They are too strong for the individual arm, or
even for the State arm. We see this exemplified
in their suspensions and resumptions at their own
will, without regard to the laws of the States, or
the threats of their creditors. They are above law
and government; and in a country of law and go-
vernment, no individuals and no institutions should
claim that pre-eminence. Long and sad. experi-
ence convinces us that these institutions are too
powerful for the State Governments, and for the
people: let us try, theB, the strength of the Fede
ral Government upon them. It is peculiarly pro-
per that the Federal Government should measure
strength with them. As the guardian of the constitu-
tional currency, this Government is bound to ex-
ert its constitutional power to preserve that cur-
rency, and to restrain the conduct of those who
would ruin it. It is the banks which ruin it; and
the bankrupt process is the remedy for their con-
duct. As banks, Congress has no direct power
over them; batas bankrupts, its authority is full
and absolute.
Their structure and organization render them
very fit for the bankrupt process. They are arti-
ficial beings, and are managed by trustees. To
put them in'o the hands of assignees, is only to sub-
stitute one set of trustees for another, and that afier
the first set had shown themselves to be unfortu-
nate or incapable. It is a mere change of mana-
gers; and why not change them? If the natural
man may be divested of his property, and see it
placed in the hands of assignees for his private
debts, why not divest these artificial beings of pro-
perty not their own,for the satisfaction of their pub-
lic debts'? Every bank is a public institution. It
is created bv law for public purposes; and it be-
comes indebted to the public at large by furnishing
a public currency. In this public character, then,
and in this artificial structure and organization,
a bank becomes far more proper than an indi-
vidual for the application of the bankrupt pro-
cess.
The nature of their property presents these cor-
porations as the most convenient subjects for the
operation of laws which supersede the possessor
by an assignee. Their properly is money and
debts. They have very little, except the debts
which are due to them; and these debts can be
transferred to other hands fer collection, without
trouble or expense. Not so with the property of a
natural person, and especially of a farmer or plan-
ter. With them their property is of a kind not to
be taken out of the owner's possession, without
great loss and expense.   It is growing crops—or
crops just gathered—or going to market—or flocks,
herds, and slaves—or lands and houses. These
are things not to be transferred from the owner to
an assignee, without great loss and expense; yet
natural persons, with this property, may be super-
seded in the possession by assignees, while the ef-
fects of a bank, consisting of debts, cannot be
transferred!
Another great reason for this inclusion of banks
in the bankrupt law is, that it is the only way to
make the real debtors of a bank pay up. These
real debtors are usually the officers and stockhold-
ers of the institution; they are the great debtors,
and they do not sue themselves, and protest them-
selves, and make themselves pay up. They can
perform such operations on others, but as to them-
selves, it is more profitable to wait until the notes
and stock are depreciated, and then buy in low,
and pay off at par. This is knewn to be too often
the case; and to prevent it—to preveBt this depre-
ciation—to prevent a depreciation which suits the
interest of the principal debtors—these debtors
should have their obligations placed in the hands
of others for collection. It is absurd to suppose
that the officers of a bank will make themselves
pay. They never do it; and here is one of the
greatest vices of the system. The largest debtors
do not pay: these largest debtors are interested in
depreciating the notes and the stock, and are able
to do it. To supersede them by assignees, is the
remedy for this evil.
Justice to the small creditors requires this reme-
dy against the banks. When these institutions
stop payment they owe a multitude of persons,
and most of them in no condition to go and prose-
cute a suit for the amount of the notes they hold.
Their only resource is to sell at a discount, or to
lose all. Not so with the large creditors. They
are in a condition to go and attend to their interest
—to sue, or compromise, or make arrangements,
or receive an assignment of the whole effects.
Thus the weaker part of the community—the part
least able to bear a loss—must bear it all! an in-
justice which can readily be prevented by the in-
tervention of legal assignees to receive all the ef-
fects of the institution—to collect all its debts—
and to* pay all its creditors their rateable propor-
tion. Suits against banks by their small creditors
is an absurdity. Expenses, delays, appeals, render
it absurd to sue them. They are actually inde-
pendent of law, as they are of Government; and a
new power must ba found to contend with them.
The conduct of these institutions is another rea-
son for depriving them of the conduct of their own
affairs when they violate their engagements. Their
conduct is to stop payment when they please, and
to resume when they please—to refuse payment of
the smallest sum when their coffers are full—and
even to ship specie by the hundred thousand, and
by the million  of dollars,  to   foreign   creditors,
while refusing the smallest payment to those at
home.   This is the conduct of banks—not all, but
some—and it is to cerrect such   conduct as this
that we demand the inclusion of these institutions
in the provisions of the bankrupt code.   It is noto-
rious that the Bank of the United States, both in
the suspension of 1837 and 1839, made it her busi-
ness and her boast to ship millions of dollars to
England while refusing to pay a   shilling here.
And why?   Because a commission of bankruptcy
would have been issued instanter against the Jau-
don establishment in London  for non-payment,
while no such commission could issue against the
mother institution in Philadelphia.   Here is a com-
plete proof of the benefit of a bankrupt law appli-
cable to banks.   The Jaudon establishment is a
branch of the Bank of the United States: it is sub-
ject to the laws of England, and those laws sub-
ject to a commission of bankruptcy every bank ex-
cept the Bank of England.   Hence the creditors
of the Bank of the United States are punctually
paid in London, while repulsed  with scorn and
contempt in the United States.
These are reasons, numerous and cogent in them-
selves, though faintly stated, which justify the
proposition which we make in relation to banks
They are not merely fit and proper, but the pre-
eminently fit and proper, subjects of a bankrupt
law,   Their great number—the vast amount of
their dealings—the nature of their obligations to
the country—their privileges—their artificial struc-
ture and organization—their strength—their con-
tempt for their small creditors—their faculty to ruin
the currency, and the duty of Congress to prevent
them from ruining ii—all combine to demand the
remedy of the bankrupt process.
The benefits to result to the community from this
exertion of Federal power over the trading and
money dealing corporations, are great and striking.
Besides the advantages implied in what has already
been said, several great and peculiar benefits
would re*ult, which have only to be stated to com-
mand the general approbation. At the present
time, a bankrupt law passed by Congress, and ap-
plicable to banks, would accomplish that purpose
which is so ardently desired all over the Union: it
would foe the day for the resumption of specie pay-
ments! The day fixed in the act—and that would
of course be at same convenient time ahead—would
be the day for resumption. All the good banks
would conform to it: all the bad ones would be
passed into the hands of assignees, and their af-
fairs would be wound up. This is a consummation
devoutly to be wished; and, while many are la-
menting the want of a power adequate to this great
result, we point to the bankrupt remedy vested in
Congress by the Constitution, and show them the
power which can coerce a general and simultane-
ous resumption at any time that the representatives
of the people shall think proper to require it.
To prevent future suspensions, will just as natu-
rally be the effect of such a law as will be the co-
ercion of a general resumption. No suspension
could afterwards take place. The phrase, and the
fact, would disappear from our banking system.
The bank which stopped payment would be wound
up: those which followed her example would be
wound up. They would all come under the cate-
gory of insolvents, and would be treated accord-
ingly. They would be taken into custody instanter
—their directory changed—and their affairs put
into the hands of assignees. The consequence
would be, that none would stop payment but the
really insolvent; and these would give no example
for others to follow. The demoralizing spectacle
of a bank doing business—making loans—sharing
dividend?—circulating paper, while refusing to re-
deem her notes, would no longer be seen. Justice
would take possession of such an institution, and
assign her a place which would make her an ob-
ject to be shunned, instead of an example to be
followed, and put an end to profits which resulted
from violated laws and dishonored engagements.
The prevention of the circulation ot all depre-
ciated paper money would be another consequence
of such a law. The instant a bank stopped, her
notes would be called in. The holders must im-
mediately forward them to the assignees, otherwise
they lose all claim for pro rata payments. This
would take all such noes out of circulation. It
would send them all home for liquidation. The
public would be free from the pestilence of depre-
ciated paper, and the holders would receive what
they were worth; and that without trouble or ex-
pense to themselves. Here, then, is an immense
advantage to the public in keeping the circulation
solid and convertible—in totally preventing the
circulation of  depreciated paper.
Preventing bad banks from governing the good
would be another beneficial result of application
of the bankrupt remedy to the delinquent institu-
tiens. At present the bad govern the good. The
bad govern, both for suspension and resumption. A
few stop payment, either from necessity, or for po-
litical or pecuniary objects; their conduct forces
others to do the same; and thus an extensive sus-
pension is brought on, the necessity for which is
denied by nine-tenths of those which yield to it.
The same of resumption. A few refuse to resume;
the rest cannot, without great danger and inconve-
nience. Thus it was in 1837; thus it is now. The
Bank of the United States made both suspensions;
prevented the resumption of 1838 for a long time,
and still prevents resumption at present. Pecunia-
ry objects, political objects, and actual insolvency,
all united in her to produce this conduct; and thus
the misconduct of one single bad bank is the cause
of the financial evils which we have suffered, and
