May, 1840.     ________
26th Cong......1st Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
hardly see a piece of silver ir circulation as hirge
as your thumb nail.   Is this scarcity fie uious or
real!   Is it the result of misgovernroent ía ;he Ad-
ministration, or the contrivauee of misconduct on
the part of part ot the mischief ma'ring banks? Th ■
Federal part} answer, misgovernment of the Ad-
ministration; the Democracy answer, misconduct of
the banks.   Here, theu, is a contradiction, and an
issue; and, for its trial, let us appeal to facts.   Let
us appeal again w the eusiom-heuse report , and
see what has been  the importation of specie for
some years past; and let u  look to our mines and
our minis, to see what has been the domestic sup-
ply.   Sir, we have a document on this subject,
called for on my motion some months ago, and fur-
nished by the Secretary of the Treasury in i he early
pari of ihe srsüon.   It is number 290 ol ihe Senate
documents, and is both full aud detai'edin its sta'e-
ments upon this vital point.   It shows that the im-
portations of coin and bullion for the last twenty
years, (and two-thirds of it in the last seven years,)
amount, in round numbers, Jo one hundred and
seventy millions ol dollars.   It shows that the pro-
duct of our gold mines, during the same period, are
near ten millions; aid that our coinase, since the
reformation of the gold standard, in 1834, and the
legalized circulation of foreign silver at the same
time, amounts to about fifteen millions in gold, and
seventeen millions of silver.   Excluding the coin-
age as not adding to the acquisitions, and it is seen
that we have acquired by importing and mining,
in the short space of twenty years, the large amount
of one hundred and eighty millions in gold and
silver.   Add to that sum the amount of twenty
millions previously in the country, and you have
two hundred millions.   Make a further allowance
for the sums brought in by passengers in their own
trunks, and  not  entered  on   the   custom-house
books—and   there   is   no obligation on any cue
to make the entry—make an allowance of even
half a million a year for the innumerable importa-
tions, small in the detail but enormous in the ag-
gregate—and the total should be two hundred and
ten millions of dollars.   This is the answer which
facts and documents give to the question—an ac-
quisition of more specie, in the brief space of time
that I have sat in this chamber, than the Business
of the country eould-employ or consume.   And
.now, what has become'of it?   What has become of
these two hundred and ten millions?   Sir, I can tell
yon what has become of it.   A large part has been
melted up, to make magnificent services of plate
for the presidents, cashiers, directors, and stockhold-
ers of insolvent and  fraudulent banks; another
large part has been shipped to Europe, to pay cre-
ditors there, while creditors at home are placed at
defiance; another large part is now locked up in
the vaults of three hundred and fifty suspended
banks, which refuse a shilling for their dishonored
note ; and, finally, another large part is in the
hands of brokers, who discount, at their pleasure,
the dishonored notes which the banks issue and
refuse to pay.   This is what has become of our
two hundred and ten millions of specie, acqalred in
the last twenty years, and, two thirds of it, in the
last seven.   And now, sir, whose fault is it, that
no specie is seen in circulation in   the one half
of   this Union?    Is the  fault   of the  Govern-
ment,  or of the gambling and political  part ef
the banks?   Is it the fault of those who have made
that- vast acquisition of specie, or is it the fault of
those j^e deprive the people of its use?   Let the
intelligence of any citizen answer the question,
Upon the view .of Ihe facts which I have pre-
sented, and the truth of which is incontestable.
Let him answer, and he will say it is these banks
which ba e done us this mischief, and which will
continue to repeat it as often asji'suits their inte-
rest and their policy to do so, unless a bankrupt law
intervenes to check their career.   Not content with
merely depriving the country of the use of so
much specie, they laugh at the impotency of the
Government, and impudently proclaim that the
Specie expexittent has failed.
Yes sir 1 Two, hundred and tea millions of dol-
lars may be computed to hare been our specie ac-
quisitions in the last twenty years, and two-thirds
of that sum in _ the last seven years. This is a
fact not  to  be lost upon the public mind-
not to be repeated, and forgotten.   It is a fact
to arrest public attention—«o excie public thought
—to influence public judgment—and to lead to the
most important conclusions.   The capacity of the
country 10 supply itself with any amount of gold
and silver immediately becomes apparent.   It is
more  than double  the amount of al1   the bank
notes, good and  baJ, which are now w circulation
in the whole Union! it is nearly twenty times the
amount ot the average annual circulation of the
Bank of the United Slates during the twenty years
of its ex'Stenre! it is fully  equal, per head, for
each inhabitant of the United Stales, to the mixed
circulation of England, and the specie circulation
of France, for their respective populations.   Eng-
land and France, each have a circulation of four-
teen dollar* per head for thtir entire population;
that of England consisting of paper and specie;
that of France consisting almost exclusively cf
specie.    Two hundred and ten millions, to our
fourteen millions of white population, would give
give fourteen dollars and a quarter a head.   Now,
sir, this is a greater sum than the buwneis of the
United States could possibly employ.    We conld
not use it allj if it was all here  to-day.   The
amount of circulation which can be used in a
country depends upon the amount of its business,
and the nature of its business, and not upon the
will of banks or law givers.   Agricultural coun-
tries ase less; manufacturing and commercial coun-
tries, more.   Thus, while England and France,
which are so eminently manufacturing and com-
mercial, can employ fourteen dollars per head,
Russia, which is so essentially agricultural, can
use but four dollars per head.     In the United
States, where agriculture is the pursuit of the great
majority of people, it is highly probable that ten or
twelve dollars per head would be the maximum sum
which the population could use. Barter and produce,
make our great payment*.   The annual crops, and
the annual product of different branches of indus-
try, make our heavy payments.   Money is only
an auxiliary with us in the liquidation of debts.
If we had our specie acquisitions of the last twen-
ty years, we should have more than could be em-
ployed, or used in the country.   Forty or fifty mil-
lions of it would be disposable, to be loaned out in
foreign countries.   Two hundred millions of specie
would pay two thousand millions of annual debt,
for it is computed, that each specie dollar changes
hands ten times in the year.   Two thousand mil-
lions far transcend that part of our debts which
would require to be paid in money: it would leave
us a surplus to loan abroad.   We should be re-
dundant in gold and silver, if we bad been able to
retain what we have received in a few years.   Vi-
cious and criminal banks have deprived us of it,
and reduced half the Union to depreciated paper,
and to miserable shinplasters.     Is this to be en-
dured? and are State rights to be invoked to shield
such enormities?
What would be the condition of our country at
this time if this 210,000,000 could have been kept
in circulation, instead of being melted up, shipped
away, and locked up, as it is? The effect would
have been that business would be regular, stable,
and flourishing. The price of produce and pro-
perty would be at its natural and full amount.
Wages would be good, and the money received for
wages would be good also. The exchanges be-
tween the different parts of the Union wouíd be
the freight of gold and silver between those. parU¡
Interest would be as low as it is in France and
Holland, and we should be in a condition, not only
to avoid loans from abroad, but actually to lend
nard money to the paper money countries, (as
Holland and France lend to England,) and to
draw gold from them in annual interest, as well as
upon annual exports of produce. These would be
the effects; and upon one feature of this picture
lit .me dwell an instant, and go into details: it is on
the point.of wages for labor. Wages are low now,
and will be lower still before the Presidential elec-
tion is over. But what would they be with the two
hundred and ten millions of specie which we have
acquired in the last twenty years, and which would
afford a full circulation of gold and silver? Ask
any one who has been to Cuba! He will tell you
what the wages oí labor are there—that it is oae
dollar and fifty cen's a day for common labor—
three dollars a day for journeymen mechanics—
ef.en six or eight dollars a dav for job work—and
all the re t in the sai if , roportion. Sir, it is ab-
surd to quote the examples of countries in the de-
caving parts of the old world, where industry lan-
guishes, and w1 ere a crowded por.iilati n clamor
for br?ad, and are content with bread alone. It is
absurd to go to such countries for ihe effect of hard
money on the prices of property, and the wages of
labor, in the United States. They present no
analogies to our condition. But here is a country
just at our own door—part of the new world—an
apposite example—where nothing but hard money
circulate^—and where wages are higher than in
any paper money country m the world. This is
the example to which wi> sho ild look—this the
standard by which w* should estimate the wages of
labor in our own country, at this day, if we had
been fortunate enough to have preserved the two
hundred and ten millions of hard dollars which
have been acqune J since I have been a member of
this body.
Instead of all this—instead of active business,
fair prices, plenty of spece, regular exchanges, and
moderate interest—we have stagnation of business,
reduced prices, specie unknown in half the Union,
exchanges deranged, and interest enormous; and
all this the effect of a plan among banks and poli-
ticians to make pressure and distress for the Pre-
sidential election of 1840. Sir, all the evils which
we now experience, re«ult"from.the vicious part of
our banks—the political and gambling part—which
make suspensions for their own benefit, and force
or seduce others into them. The present suspen-
sion is for the present election, and as such I fore-
saw and foretold it a full year before it took place.
It took place in October, 1839: in October, 1838,1
foresaw and foretold it. In that month, and on the
25th day of it, I wrote thus to a committee of my
fellow-citizens in St. Louis who had invited me
to a public dinner:
"Since the veto session of 1832, the political part of the
banks, and their confederates, huve convulsed the country with
alternate expansions ana contractions ol the paper currency,
to make the people cry out for a national bank; and they are
now preparing for another convulsion of the same kind. * * *
The suspension of 1837 (which was a contrived piece of busi-
ness, and ori? of the objects of the distribution law) was fully
counted upon to restore the Federal partyi and its tutelary
deny, the Ban k of the United Sute*, to full powei; but it was
made at the wroig time. It was a master stroke, but wrong
timed. It should have been made in the fourth, instead of the
first, yeai of Mr. Van Buren's administration. It was prema-
ture. Its authors did their best to make it last until the next
Presidential election; but the Democracy of the Union, and
the New York banks, forced the resumption; and
now. there ts no alternative but to make a new
suspension tor 1840. It ía a bad chance; but it
is the only chance. They are dead without it;
and, accordingly, all the preparations are now in
full pi ogress lor that catastrophe. The preliminary steps
are already taken. An ex pansion of the paper currency has
commenced, to be followed al the proper time by a sudden con-
traction, and the consequent stoppage of the banks, and the ge-
neral derangement of the business of the country. * • • *
But the next suspension may not be so easy a job as the last.
The process of resumption has developed a division among the
banks. We have, seen a resumption and a non-resumption
flag, in the next attempt to close the vaults, we shall see a sus-
pension and a non-suspension flag. The business banks will
resist the suspension; the political one  will force it, if they can;
and, m this division among themselves, the community and the
laws will find an auxiliary in the non-suspending banks, which
may enable them to frustrate the machinations of the architects
of mischief."
Sir, this ii what I wrote, but not the whole of
what I wrote, in the month of October, 1838; and
the month of October, 1839, saw it verified to the let-
ter. It saw the second suspension, and it saw the
two flags—the suspension and the non-suspension
flags. It saw the division among the banks, and
ihe source of that division in the two cities of New
York and Philadelphia. It saw the mistake in
point of time corrected, and the distress transferred
to the fourth year of Mr. Van Buren's adminis-
tion, which had commenced prematurely in the
first. All this it saw, precisely as I had written it
down twelve months before. And now, here we
are, on the eve of the Presidential ebction, with
this suspension, and all its evils, bearing upon the
country, and. intended to bear upon it, until the^
election is over. Bad enough is the state of t^Qgg
now* worse they will be, before the month of ^Qm
vember is over. Those who have 'j0ne these
things are able to continue them: <b^j¿* wno have
made money scarce, and the '^¡cg 0f iaoor and
produce low, are «Me to ma^e monejr stm scarce^
