510
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1840.
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Freedom of Elections—Mr. Brown.
H. oi Reps.
and prises s'lll lower; and it will suit both their pe-
cuniary and political interest to continue ihe pro-
cer of scarci y and rcductnn until alter the Presi-
dential elect.on is over. The country may look
out tor adverit>em«nts that so much will be given
for produce, if the election goes one way, aai so
much (beitig the halt oí the other ¡nice) if it goes
the oilier. Laboréis may look out for similar
ad/ei useinents with íespect to their wa^e>; and all
that is threatened in the way ot íejuclion, will be
performed. Avance and Federalism will rejoice
iu ihe double gra.ification of deluding the laborer
and the Urmer out c f his vote, at the sanie lime
that he is plundered of half his pay. It will
be a double enjoyment to rule him, aud plunder
him at the same time. Tlii.s will be kept up until
the «lecion is over. Soon after tnat event, (and it
is perfectly immaterial, for this purpose, which way
it results,) the new expansion will begin. Prices
of stocks, produce, and property will all be run up,
in order that thosa who have purchased low may
sell h'ga. By the middle of the next Piesidential
term, the expansion may be carried high enough to
begin again the business of contraction, and to be
ready fi r another suspension, and for fresh distress
lor the Presidential election of 1344; and thus we
are to go on, the couutry and its business, and the
political rights oí the people, a periodical prey to
the political banks and their confederates, until a
bankrupt law shall put an end to their nefarious
and lawless practices.
It is the fundamental maxim of the moneyed
power, all oyer the world, that the people must
feel before they can see—mat they must suffer be-
fore taey can understand—that they are ignorant
and capricious—and blind enough, and weak
enough, to be at once the victims and the instru-
ments—the dupes, and the agents—of those who
abuse them, and use them. This is the fundamen-
tal maxim of the moneyed power; and apon it they
have often acted in oar country, and never more
flagrantly and systematically than since the veto
session of 1832. Since that time we have had a
continned succession of panics, alarms, and dis-
tresses, all contrived for political and pecuniary ef-
fect, and charged by their authors upon the
measures of the Democratic administrations. Par-
tial and transient success has sometimes attended
this parricidal conduct, but no lasting or general
impression has been made. The people possets
discernment with which they are not credited, and
see through the veil which was intended to conceal
the hidden operators. Tney have always seen the
secret band which was fabricating artificial dis-
tress for the country, and concocting humbug rea-
sons to bamboozle the ignorant. They have seen,
and despised all these tricks and devices, and so it
will be again. They will see that the present pres-
sure and distress is artificial and unnatural—that
it is planned and contrived for the election of 1840,
and is a regular result of the i-ystem of the money-
ed power lot ruling and governing, what they be-
lieved to be, the thought'esi and capricious people.
Th* contest at present is, for the destruciion or
preservation of the enrrency; and that involves the
property and the labor o( the country. To destroy
the currency of the Constitution, and substitute for
it the bas<* issues of suspending banks, is the aim
of one party; to preserve the true currency, and to
suppress these base issues, is the aim of the other.
No difficulty is found in bringing gold and silver
into Ihe country: it comes beyond our wants. The
difficulty is to keep it after it comes.
Congress has many great and sacred duties to
perform, and none greater and more sacred than
that of guarding the currency of the Constitution.
It is the duly of Congress to guard this currency,
and to protect it from every violation. The States
are forbid to coin gold and s.lver: they are not
even allowed to make currency out of the precious
metals. Uniformity of value in that which is
the standard and measure of all values, was
deemed so essential to the whole Union, that every
State surrendered its right to the coining power: it
gave up its right to stamp gold and silver. How
absurd then to suppose that they can authorize a
circulation of depreciated paper! that they can
create corporations to emit base paper when they
themselves cannot stamp pure gold ■' that they can
authorize them to make this paper a forced tender
in all cases when they themselves can make no-
thing but gold and silver a tender ! that they can
authorize them to annihilate all contracts when
the Starts dare not impair one!    I  say  nothing
about ihe power to charter banks to ítsuo notes convertible in-
to specie at thtfwtll ot the holder. I ¡.ay nothing on that head,
font is not involved in the prtsentques ion. Ilimmnj-elf to
what isbelore the Senate—the circulation ot base, df-piecmed,
inconvertible,and spurious papel—anil deny tho Hint oi any
State to circulate such trash, oi to authorize any cot por.i iuii<j,
or individual, to do it I join issue with tho-e who pli ,id *tate
rights in defence of such conduct, ind deny the author tyol tho
St.ee out aud «ut. 1 deny the right, and affirm it to be the duty
of Confess to ai rest the proceeding It is the duty ol longro&s
to arresta circulation which violates the Constitution, and an-
nihilates the currency ol which it is the guardian Th appli-
cation of the bankrupt remedy to bankrupt banks, 11 the ready
and easv way to effect it. A day fixed for such a law to take
effect would be the day of resumption to all aood b ink?, and
the day ot extinction to all bad ones It would be the day on
which we could count upon the commencement ol an ade-
quate specie currency, and the cessation ol all the evils with
which the gambling and political hanks now afflict us
The remedy is in Ihe hand* of the people We have unveiled
it to them, and it is lor them to apply it. When wearied with
the tyranny and oppression of the criminal and vicious part of
the banks, they can apply the remedy, and termínale a ijianny
more odious and irresponsible than any which history has re-
véale! to our view, r-'or the present, we have at 1 ost accom-
plished two  reat purposes. We have vindicated the Consti-
tution from the opposition of incompetency, and we have an-
nihilated the last remaining pretext for a national bank We
have shown that our Constitution Is not incompetent to lis high
functions—4hot it is adequate to the preservation of the Hue
currency—and that it has no-occasion to resort to a. monster
bonk to govern the banks of the States
M¡l7
li
SPEbCH Ut  aflet. tíKOWJX,
OF TENNESSEE,      /
In the House of Representativti, MayJF9 and 20,18*0
—On the bill introduced by. MíjÍJell, to secure
the freedom of elections, and tp provide for the
faithful administration ufj tjfe Executive pa
tronage.
Mr. BROWN having obtained the floor, said he
had listened with profound attention to the argu-
ments of both his colleagues [Mr. Gentry and
Mr. Bull] in favor of this bill.   He had done so,
because he was desirous to know on what new
statement of facts, or by what new process of rea-
soning, this odions measure was now to be revived,
and again pressed on the consideraron of the pub-
lic, after its signal failure in the other end of the
Capitol, and after that deep and decided reproba-
tion of it, which had been manifested in so many of
the elections of this country.   He was particularly
anxious to discover whether misfortunes had not
subdued, or at least chastened and softened down,
some of those fierce and angry passions with which
it  was  first  advocated—misfortunes that  have
fallen with  peculiar force on those gentlemen's
own personal and political friends.   One of them,
[Mr. Bell,] a few weeks since, on the Cumberland
road bill, gave us a most touching and eloquent
description of those misfortunes.     "He had seen,
(said he,) during the last summer, one friend after
another dropping around him," until that proud
and exulting majority, by which he used to be sur-
rounded on this lioor, from his own Stat?, was now
sadly reduced to a solitary unit.     Looking at the
other end of the Capitol, he might have  told us
that this mortality amongst his triends had  been
still greater.   Tnere, nothing was to be met with
but one entire and perfect scene of desolation and
defeat.   Sir, said Mr. B. I was anxious to observe
that gentleman when he should walk forth amid
the rums which this very bill had so mainly con-
tributed to spread around him.     I sincerely hoped
that a contemplation of them might induce him to
panse and hesitate, and finally to abandon a mea-
sure which has heretofore prodnced such fatal re-
sults.    But, sir, I am sorry to have to say, what
many persons have observed before, that misfor-
tunes, when they fail to reform, are almost sure to
harden us, and that even the dispensations of Pro-
vidence, when not rightly improved, often superadd
te our desperation, and plunge us still deeper into
those vices and follies which they were intended to
reform.
I do not intend to apply such observations as
these to the gentleman's course generally in this
House. I have had frequent occasion , not only to
approve, but even to applaud, his calm and digni-
fied mode of argument, during the disorders and
tumults of the session. But, sir, I do mean to say
that, on this particular subject and its kindred one?,
the tentleraan never fails to lose his equanimity of
temper, and to expose himself to the imputation of
being governed more by the suggestions of pasiiort
than guided by the dictates of reason, or tne ho-
nest convictions of opinion.
In much of that argument to which I wish now
to leply, the gentleman seemed determined to have
no com(>eer in bold denunciation, in reckless in-
ve tive, in wild and furious declamation. He
seemed to imagine that he had driven Democracy
into us last fortress, and that he was thtn making
a bold and heroic charge, that was to demolish it
forever; or, to use his more sanguinary mode of ex-
pression, "he was striking a deadly blow at the
life-blood of the party—that vile, corrupt, and in-
famous party which ha I so long ruled the destinies
of tins countiy." But, sir, the Democratic party
of this county was not let off, with even such de-
nunciations as these. The gentleman [Mr. Bell]
became so far transported as to compare it to that
fabled monster, the Parisian vampire, that subsisted
"by sucking the b'ood from the warm and beating
arteries of sleeping innocence." He described
the end and destruction of that unnatural mon-
ster, and declared that he could see in that end
the writhing and expiring contortions of the putrid
and bloated carcass of Democracy. Sir, I alinde
to these extravagances in the speech of my honora-
ble colleague, in order to assure him, that in my
humble judgment, great as are his powers of de-
scription and commanson, no one but himself
could see the slightest resemblance in this ima-
ginary picture. Ño: if you wish to se« a resem-
blance of that Parisian monster, go find it in that
proud and bloated aristocracy that has so long fed
and fat'ened on the people of this country—go find
it in that system ot associated wealth and exclu-
sive privilege, in all its odious forms and varieties,
which has been so long consuming our substance,
and which is now beginning to crumble beneath
its own magnitude, and to expire in the midst of its
ewn rottenness and corruption.
But, Mr. Speaker, I do not mean to content ray-
self with making general observations like these,
against the present bill. It was introduced origi-
nally about three years ago, notoriously with the
view of breaking down the Democratic party of
the Union. But more especially was it intended
to break down the Jack«on er Democratic party in
the State of Tennessee. It is now revived evi-
dently for the fame purpose, and was pressed upon
this House in a tone of exultation and defiance
which seemed, at the time, like it was intended to
provoke and challenge a reply. Sir, I do not feel
specially called on to repel attacks made against tne
Democratic party generally; I have no connection
with that party sufficiently notorious to justify me
in presuming to become her champion. In my
own State, however, that connection is not quite so
obscure and unknown. Although never aspiring
to be one of her leaders, I have been for twenty
years enrolled amongst her most zealous and faith-
ful private soldiers. If I seem now for the mo-
ment to step out from her lines, and to take posi-
tion above ihat of a mere private, it is only be-
cause those who used to bear her banner, high and
proudly amid the ranks ef her enemies, have now
not only surrendered that banner into the hands of
her enemies, but are foremost in the onslaught,
and loudest in the battle cry against her!
Let us now turn our attention to the provisions
of this bill, the end and aim of which are avowed to
be the destruction of the present Democratic party
of the United States—that party which the gentle-
man was pleased to denounce, in his speech on the
Cumberland Road bll, to be "a standing fraud
and imposition on this country."
I begin, sir, with its caption: "A bill te secure the
freedom of elections !" the elections of the people
of the Uni'ed States—all the elections, State and
Federal—in all the States. The freedom of the
elections of the United States! Sir, you have but
to state the proposition in any company, in any
State or county in this Union, to raise the smile of
derision at its absurdity. What! our elections
not free enough in this country 1 where every man
goes forward to the polls, of his own accord, and
casts his vote for whom he pleases; goes in his own
unquestioned and unquestionable majesty; asking
