512
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May,
36th Cong--..1st Sess.
Freedom of Elections—Mr. Brown.
1840
H. of Repg.
with shame all who concur in the profanation.
Sir, I have reached the point where I mean to give
bat'le to my honorable collejgue; "war to the
knife," if he may choose to have it so. He main-
tains that Gen. Jackton's administration, and that
of Mr. Van Buren, was not, and is not, Jefferso-
man in ¡ts charac er; or, in other words, that Gen.
Jackson and Mr. Van Büren are not "Democrats
of the Jeffersonian school," because they have both
outraged the principles of Mr. Jeffewon in maktng
appointments and removals from office. That
they hav3 proscribed men for opinion's bakf, and
ejected them from office against all the principle 
and practices of that grtat apostle of liberty. I not
only deny these as crtions, but I here undertake to
disprove them alt igether.
Sir, I repeat, for greatei perspicuity, that I now
here unde¿take to show thai both Gen. JacksonS
and Mr. Van Buren's administrations have been
far lessproscriptive than Mr. Jefferson's was. That
great man's prmcip'es and practices, on the sub-
ject of appointment and removal", have been ex-
tensively misundetstoed, lecause they have been
misrepresented. 1 now refer to his own letters for
proof of his true doctrine.
He came into office the 4th of March, 1801.
All the offices of the Government were in the hands
of th= Federalists. That whole party, with a furi-
ous desperation, then, if not yet, unequalled in the
annals of political warfare, resisted his election.
The Republicans, however, taunted as they were
as "greasy Democrat--," derided then, as now, with
being but as the rabble of the nation, bore him on-
ward, until they placd him in the highest office ía
the gift of a fne people. Installed into office, the
questun instantly arose, what course he would
pursue in making appointments and removals
from office. The whole Federal party had de-
nounced him, would he now denounce them? The
question was sjon solved. He prew a distinction
between Federalists. 1. The Federalist proper.
2. Those who were caUed Federalist, but, in fact,
were Republicans in principle, but who had been
deceived and so made to act with the Federalists,
while at heart, they were sound Republicans. The
first class or Federalist proper, he rejected on all
occasions, turning them out, without excep ion and
•without ceremony. They were monarchist in prin-
ciple, and were, therefore, not proper agents under
him, to carry out and perpetuate our Republican
institutions. Tha second cla*-s (the Federal sect of
Republicans, as he termed them ) he permitted to
paiticipate in the offices, to a certain degree. To
show that I have stated Mr. Jefferson's principles,
with entire and perfect accuracy, I will read from
nis letter to Mr Lincoln, dated July 11, 1801:
"Dear Sir Your fi/orof the 15th came to band on the 25th
June, and conveyed a great dt,al of thit information which I
am anxious to receive The r n„olidation of our fellow citi-
xens m general, is the great obj n w<. ought to keep in view,
and that being once obtained, w nlewe associate with us in af-
fairs to a certain degree, the Federal aect oi ftepub leans, we
must strip of all the means of influence, the Essex Junt > and
their as ocíate monarchists in evory part of the Union The
former differ from us only in the si a íes of power to be given
to the Execuiive, b^ni" wnli us at'achedto Republican govern-
ment lhe latter wish to sap ihe republic by fraud, if they
cannot destroy it by force, and to erect an English monaichy m
its place, some ol them (as Mr Adams) thinking its corrupt
parts should be cleanse 1 away, others(as Mr Hamilton) think
mgtbat would make it an impracticable machine We are
proceeding gradually in the regeneration of offices and intro-
dncing Republicans to some snare in them I do not know that
it will be pushed larthtr than was settled before yim went
away, exceptas to Essex men I must ask you to make out a list
ol those in office in yours, and the neigbonng State , and to fur
nish me with it    There is a little ol this "-«pirii south of the
Hudson    1 understand that J......is a very determine 1 one,
thoug i in private tile ami ible and honorable but tmiable mo
riarclusts are not sale subjects of Republican confidence * * '
Our gradual relormitions seem to produce good efticte every
wheie except in Connecticut Their 'ate setsmn ol the Leji 
latine has been more intolerant than all others We must
meet them with equal intolerance. When they will give a
share in ihe Slate orines, thty shall be replaced in a share of
the general offices   Tillthenwe must follow theirtxample "
To what degiee of participation in the offices,
Mr. Jefferson admitted the second class of Fede-
ralists, may be seen in his letter of the 11th Sep-
tember, 1804, t<n Mr. Adam=, in which he states,
that they were admitted in fair proportion to their
numbar throughout the United Sfatts Sir, I have
now spread out before you, as on a map, the opi-
nion, and practices of Mr. Jefferson. They admit
of no cavil and no misunder>tanding. Now I de-
mand to know when and where—in what year of
his administration or in what State of this Union—
was General Jackson more innlerant than Mr.
Jefferson? When did he say "we must meet them
with equal intolerance?" When did he *ay to
those States who were most opposed to htm, and
who proscribed all his friends from office, "until
you will give a share in the State offices, we wi'l
folio v your example?" Never, never ■ In my
own State, there never was ar'ay or a« nour, dur-
ing his administration, that General Jackson did
not retain a greater number of his enem es in
office than they would have borne to tr-e number
of antt-Jackson, men in that Slate; and yet, sir, we
are told that General Jackson eiceeded Mr Jeffcr-
srn >n m'olerance toward his enemies.
How do's the same question how stand un-
der tho pres( nt Adm nistration ? Throughout
tne United States I do verily believe that a
majority of the office-holders have been and still
are opposed to Mr. Van Buren. The very best
estimates that have been made show the fact
satisfactorily to every impartial mind. Does this
look like proscription for opinion's sake i In
my own State, the fact has never been denied. In
my own dis'nct, three out of the five postmasters
of the county towns which I represent are tho-
rough going Whigs, active, zealous partisans.
Some of them made heavy bets against the candi-
dates of the Administration in lhe last ele*t ons.
They attefided public assemblies out of their re-
spective neighborhoods, and exerted all the influ-
ence they pos^sed iu tne election. Sir, let me
as-iure my honorable colleague, that, if his bill
had passed before the last Tennessee elections, it
would have cut right and left among his Whig
friends in that State. Instead of dealing a dead-
ly blow "on the life-blood of the party there,"
it would have rebounded on the head of his own
friends.
But it is often said, while Mr. Van Buren may
have retained an equal number of his enemies in
office, it has only been in the inferior ones, such
as postmasters Sir, a postmaster is very far from
being an inferior appointment, so far as politicul
results are to be attained. It is, in my judg-
ment, to precisely such officers that General Wash-
ington alluded when he declared he would ap-
point no person to any office of consequence, who
was opposed to the principles of h>s administration
of the Government. It is through the post offices
that the press ex«rls its mighty power on the
public mind. Every p s master ha^ it in his pjw-
er, more or less, to paralyze its exertion, by sup-
pressing public documents, or, if he dare not go so
far as that, by laying them away upon some du*ty
shelf, and not handing them out to the peop'e, un-
til regu'arly and distinctly demanded On the
contrary, a will ng postmaster, favorable to the
views of one party, may Inil his fellow cil zens as
they pass, and no'ify them that letters and pack-
aces have arrived at the office, addressed to them,
and thus give them a wide and instantaneous cir-
culation. If any man desires to be convinced of
a'l this, let him but examine and inquire at the
post offices after the adjournment of the presant
session, and see, at some of them, what heaps of
letters and documents will remain piled up and un-
disturbed for weeks and perhaps months arter thtir
at rival. I mean to look in>o this practice on my
return, and no instance of partiaMv, such as I am
commenting upon, ^hall go unrebuked. I assure
my honorable colleague that even the biography of
General Harrison, and lhe speeches of the gentle-
man from North Caro'ina, [Mr. Stanly,] with
wmch he ha  been deluging my district, ¡hall be
faithfully and impartially distributed. So far,
therefore, as polit cal results are concerned, your
postmas'er is an officer of the highest consequence,
and it is, therefore, the best proof of liberali v and
toleration, that Mr. Van Bureo anl General Jack-
son could have given, to have let in their enemies
into an equal.it not greater, participation in them.
A liberality greater than Washington's, or Jeffer-
son's, or any other President's, unless it may be
that of Mr. Monroe.
Sir, I have not yet said any thing in re'ation to
the opinions of Mr. Madison. My honorable col-
league was pleased to hold him up as a most perfect
model of a great statesman, whose opinions should
make a deep and lasting impression on his coun-
trymen.    I concur with him in his high eulogy dn
that illustrious patriot.    Reared in Virginia, thafr
mother of so many Presidents, I was early taught
next to that of Washington, to revere the names <4
Madison and of Jefferson.   Then, as now, I paid
no homage to the opinions of one which was out
pati equally to those of tne other.   Then, as nop
I regarded tnem as two bright  but equal lumioa- *
nes, by whose light it will  be safe, at all times /,
for their countrymen to walk.   I now invite mp^,
honorable colleague to test his bill by the lightsot
Mi. Mad son'o opinions.   My honorable cdUe&gte
has, no doubt, often consoled himself with the be-
lief that he stood foremost of all others, in oucof
venng this favorite remedy for preserving the pa-
rity, ana securing the freedom of election !   &qg
wnat will be his surprise when I inform him that?
this same gas remedy was discovered  and pro-
posed almost fifty years ago; actually discoved aadf   ,
proposed almost fifty ) ears ago!   Yes, sir, that*
were "Surgeon Crittendens" then as well as now *-
But they we^e then, as now, pronounced mere em*
pinc>; and   their quack  remedies,   rejected  ané
condemned as they  now are;   rejected and ew 
demned by Mr. Madison himself, tnat favorite au-
thority to  wheh the gentleman referred, andarte
which  he so confideatly   relied.     Dropping aifcr«
figure^of speech, 1 will now give you the record *-
opinions of Mr. Madison, I read from  Dunlap't
Daily Advertier of January 22, 1791.             _¿.
"Housb op Representatives, January 22, 1791 —Ealewe
bill was under discussion, Mr Jackson, (I think of Georgia,)^
moved to amend the bill bv m«ernng the following
"And be it further enacted, That if any inspector or other
officer, or person concerned in the collection of the revenue to-
be raised by this act, «Inll, by any message or writing, or inttrly
other rr an ner, persuade, or endeavor to persuade, any etettor
to give or dissuade, cr endeavor to dissuade, any from giving
hii vote in the choice of any person to be a member of tb 
House if Representatives, member of the Senate, or President
ol th" United States such inspector, or other person so offend-
ing shall be lorever disabled irom holding an office under tins
act, a til shall be subject to a pena'ty of-------dollars "
Tne vote was fatten by ayes and noes—ayes 21,
noes 37. Mr. Madison and the celebrated Repub-
lican, Wm. B. Giles, voting in the negative. Sir,
here was the first gag bill ever offered in America.
It was confined to those officers concerned in the
collection of the revenue, and prohibited an. inter-
ference only in the election of certain officers m
the Federal Government, and yet it was rejected
by a majority of nearly two to one, and by the
votes of boih Mr. Madison and Mr. Giles, tw  of
th* soundest Republicans that live 1 in tus coun-
try. Where now, let me ask, is the boasted au-
thority of Mr. Madtsoi in favor of this bill? It
stands recorded against it, on a bill much less ob-
jectionable than tbe one now proposed by my ho-
norable colleasue.
[Mr. Bell here rose and said that he wishel it
to be understood by the gentleman and the House,
that he would have voted against that amsndmeat
himse'f ]
Mr. Brown rep'ied, then he apprehended he
need not spend so much time against the gentle-
man's bill, sines he began to su.-pect thai when it
might cometo ih* test he did not mean lo vete Jot
it himself. But how can the authority of Mr. Ma-
dtson be in>oked in favor of this bill, when it is
k'iown that it was his giant arm that dealt the
blows that terminated the existence of the alten
and «edition law.? The great principle that per-
vaded the sedition law is the same as in this bill.
That bt'l punished all those who fhould utter or
publish any th ng defamatory against our rulen;
this punches all who shall intermeddle in election ,
either/or or against our ruler*; nit those only who
are, but thise who desire and offer to become our
rulers, not in a few of the higher departments, bat
in all of th m, both State and Federal, civil and
military. Tnat punished all offending citizens, this
on ly such as have superadded to the duties of citizen-
ship those of official station. That was, indeed,
less o lions than the present bill. Tnere the truth
could be given in evidence in order to shield the
citizen from punishment; here truth has no advo-
cate, and innocence finds no protection; true or
fa's , one sinele word, ottered in an election more
favorable to one party than the other, «-hall subject
the c.t zea to the enormous fine of one thousand
dollars. He may have expressed an opinion un-
favorable   to   his   own. party;   he  may  bate
