SU                                        APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1840.
Sfim Con —.1st Sess.
her majestic forests. Sir, I but glance at these
things. I refer to and comment on the Qwinn and
the Shelbyville letters, because they constitute a
part of the history of this bill, the original pretext
for its introduction. I have no disposition to re-
vive them unnecessarily in the public remem-
brance, but a inference to them is indispensable to
show that the original pretext was as groundless as
the present necessity for it, under this Administra-
tion, is notoriously insufficient.
Mr. Speaker, I desire now to reply to some of the
complaints made by one of my colleagues [Mr.
Bill] against the Democratic party of our State,
in his speech on the Cumberland road bill.   On
that bill, scarcely noticing the merit? of the ques-
tion, its constitutionality or expediency, he took
occasion to denounce the past and present Admi-
nistrations " as a standing fraud on the country."
A standing fraud in having professed to be opposed
to internal improvements; when, in truth, and in
f*et, it only pretended and feigned such an oppo-
sition just before an election.   By means of this
fraud the Democratic party of his own State had
been imposed upon, and had read him out of the
church as a heretic and unbeliever.   I might take
issue with him on all these points.   I might de-
mand the proofs of these bold assertions; but they
are stale charges which have been often refuted,
and would lead me off from the alleged imposition
on the Democracy of Tennessee.   Sir, from the
day of the veto message of President Jackson on
the Maysville read bill, the people of our State
bare understood that subject well.  In her primary
Assemblies, in her Legislature, and ia her conven-
tion of 1835, Tennessee approved that message.
All her public men, with no remembered exception,
then paid homage to its principles and doctrines.   I
not understand my honorable colleague as now
questioning its propriety, but as resting his com-
plaints on the ground that be has been excommuni-
cated, not for any vote given, or speech made here
in favor of internal improvements, but because his
political associations in this House were with those
who were opposed to that message.   I fear that, j
the  gentleman  has   in some   degree   mistaken   ¡
the grounds of his excommunication.   It was be-
cause, professing to  be   opposed  to the whole
scheme of internal improvements himself, he enlisted
under the banner, and became   the   warm and
zealous advocate of those who were in favor of
Útero; exerting his great talents and influence to
transfer the power of this Government to hands
which he knew would engage in these wasteful and
extravagant expenditures.    There, sir,   was the
true point of his offending.   He became the advo-   !
cate of the father of the whole system, and it will
surely lend nothing to his restoration to his old po-
litical church, that he is now ranged under the ban-
ner of General Harrison, who stands committed,
by his votes, hib speeches, and his letters, to carry
out the same policy.   Of what avail was it, then,
that the gentleman took his pilgrimage over the   I
Ohio, ranging about in search of some Democrat
whose peculiar opinions and position in reference
to the Cumberland road, would seem to save him
/rom the imputation of evil associations?   In that
pilgrimage he happened to come across my excel-
lent friend from Indiana, [Mr. Howard,] and in-
stantly exclaimed,  "Behold what good Democratic
society I am in!"   Sir, it is not from one or two
associations mat we judge men; it is from their
general intercourse, their common walk and con-
versation, that we judge them.   If the gentleman j
had never taken up Mr. Clay; if he will now sur-
render General Harrison; if he will come out from
among the ancient and bitter enemies of General
Jackson and his doctrines; "if he will come out
from among them as not being of them," then he
Buy expect forgiveness and restoration to his an-
cient church.   I repeat, to his «ncient church.   I
remember when, twenty years ago, we were both
youthful and    zealous   members   of the same
ebureb; admiring  the   same men,  and   advo-
cating the same doctrines of Democracy.   Soon
after we commenced   onr career,   the gentle-
man passed by  me,  as  in   merit  he should
have done, and rase upward and higher in public
observance and approbation, until the Democracy
of Tsnnawti ritnned bin as one of her proudest
Freedom of Elections—Mr. Brown.
and noblest sons.    She had no trsasures which
she did not open to him, and no honors which she
did not gladly confer.   In this early and high ca-
reer, the gentleman had no rival in the esteem,
t and confidence, and admiration of the people of
Tennessee—no   rival save  one.   Not   that   one
whose fame and achievements had made him the
common prop«rty of ihe nation; (and when I ex-
cept him, none can be at a loss to know to whom
I allude.)   I know that the actions and especially
the motives of public men are often subjected to
unjust misrepresentation and censure.   I will not,
therefore, even allude to those that have been so
often attributed to the gentleman, further  than to
say, that t rom the period of his last unsuccessful
competition here for the honors which you now
enjoy, suspicion followed suspicion like the sha-
dows of the passing cloud, until the Democracy of
Tennessee was forced into the reluctant belief that
the ardor of the gentleman had greatly abated, if
his affections were not totally estranged fiomher.
His separation was the work of time—not accom-
plished at once by any sudden and ovtrt act of de-
fection.   But though gradual, it was nevertheless
i   complete, thorough, undeniable, and final.   It was,
on that very account, the more prejudicial.   There
never was an hour when the Democracy of our
i State could not have given up the gentleman and
< half a scare of others like him,  and still have
¡  moved onward unchecked and unharmed by the
\ loss.    But, by this slow and gradual process, he
' carried off with him  hundreds and thousands of
confiding friends, who would have sacrificed any
,[  thing sooner than suspect his devotion  to the true
j: and genuine principles of Democracy.
Here may be found the true cause of those
dreadful disasters and defeats which the gentleman
and his friends sustained in the last summer's elec-
tion. A generous and confiding people had follow-
ed the gentleman into the support of Judge White
for the Presidency; they had returned members to
the General Assembly to help out in the accom-
plishment of that object; they had sent here almost
an entire representation favorable to his wishes.
So ingenious and artful was the gentleman's with-
drawal from the Republican ranks, that before the
people were aware of it they were enlisted in their
primary assemblies, in their Legislature, in the
halls of Congress, in fact every where, in accom-
plishing the political purposes of the gentleman
and his friends.
But, sir, all these precautions and preparations
would not do. In spite of them, Judge White's
pretensions weakened as the election approached.
When it was over, the failure was so great, the dis-
comfiture so complete, that the people of Tennes-
see began seriously to inquire why and how it was
they had been so much deceived. They had voted
for Judge White as a Republican or Democrat—
as a Jackson man—a better Jackson man than Mr.
Van Buren. In giving that vote, she stood undaunt-
ed at the polls, ready 10 deny,in the face of the whole
world, that she intended either to desert her princi-
ples, or to separate herself fiem the ether Democra-
tic States of the Union. Proud in the consciousness
of these truths, when that vote was afterwards
challenged, she looked to those leaders who had in-
stigated her to the act to stand forth and vindicate
her before the world. But, sir, what was her sur-
prise, her deep mortification, when those leaders
refused to do so—when those very leaders pro-
claimed that she had changed—that she had left
Jackson and bis doctrines—that she had separated
herself from the other Democratic States of the
Union. When they went even farther than this—
when they called on her not to recede-, that she had
gone too far; that retreat was impossible, and that
henceforward she must range herself under the
banner, the so often rejected banner, of Henry
Clay ef Kentucky ! Sir, the annunciation was as-
tounding. What had only been suspected, was
now openly avowed! What was at first only
hinted at, in obscure and misty prophecy, now
stood forth in full and undoubted fulfilment 1
[Here Mr. C. H. Williams rose and denied
that Jndge White had ever changed his opinions
on any important political principles, and called
on his colleague to point them out, if he meant to
H. of Reps.
impute them to that distinguished individual, now
no more.
Mr. Brown replied, he was not then discussing
the political opinions of Judge White, but endea-
voring to explain and adjust certain charges of his
other colleague [Mr, Bell] against the Democracy
of Teanessee; his business was, therefore, with the
living, and not with the dead. Beside this, Mr.
Brown said he did not mean to allow this debate
to take any direction which would enable that gen-
tleman to raise a false issue in the case, and repre-
sent him as disturbing the repose and invading the
sanctity of the grave. He hoped he was too well
acquainted with his business to be taken in that
way.]
From the hour when the gentleman, [Mr. Bell,]
about five miles south of Nashville, at a dinner
occasion, admitted that he was in favor of Mr.
Clay, the people of Tennessee began to take the
alarm. Many of them, like my honorable col-
lege from the Bedford district, began to suspect that
they had been betrayed; betrayed by men, too, in
whose political and personal fidelity they would
have entrusted their lives. My colleague [Mr.
Watterson] first came into public Hie when he
was scarcely eligible to its honors, and when the
excitement in our State in favor of Judge White
was at its highest pitch. Young, ardent, and con-
fiding, he never permitted himself to distrust the
assurances given by the friends of Judge White,
tha  he and Mr. Van Buren were of the same po-
litical party, that they were both of the Jackson
party; and that all that was stable in principle, or
honorable and consistent in character, must be lost,
before either could join the Opposition. Under
these assurances, he united himself to the White
party, and it was not until he saw the flag of Mr.
Clay "floating aloft in the breeze," and borne lus-
tily by those very men on whose assurances he had
relied, that he abandoned that party, and returned
to his position in the Jackson ranks. Under the
explanation which he has just given, the rebuke of
ray colleague [Mr. Gentry] fell harmless at his
feet.
The same explanation belongs to hundreds and
thousands of others in Tennessee, who, like him,
refused to leave the Jackson party, and to   go
over to the arms of the Opposition; an Opposition
I   then   headed   by  John Gluincy  Adams, Daniel
i,   Webster, and Henry Clay; I say then, not now.
l These great leaders of the Opposition no longer,
bear about them the insignia of command.   They
have fallen back as mere subalterns in  the ranks
of Federalism, giving up the command to what they
¡ know to be feebler, but hope may prove more
available hands.   This, I believe, is conformable to
what was at one period the Roman practice—not
to select their ablest generals to command their
armies, but rather to choose those who had proved
themselves most fortunate.   But, sir, it is not my
1 purpose to complain of this strange selection of a
j commander-in-chief for the Opposition; bat to in-
| form my honorable colleague that it was the disco-
very that Tennessee was to be transferred to that
j Opposition, whoever might be its commander-in-
chief, that sacrificed so many of his friends in the
last election.   It was this that made them drop one
by one by his side, reducing to a bare majority of
one, that proud and faithful band of friends that
used to snrroun d him on this floor.   The gentle-
, man portrayed these losses in most touching and
eloquent lamentation, but seemed wholly at af loss
how to account for them.
i       Mr. Speaker, I have not done with the associa-
I   tions of my colleague yet, nor with his charge
against the Democracy of Tennessee, for having
excommunicated him on account of these asso-
ciations.   It is the theme of reiterated complaint,
,   that during the last summer he was denounced
, throughout the State as a Federalist, and that he
) was doomed to see his friends falling in all direc-
| tions around him, under the same charge.   While
I do not become his accuser in this particular, I
am sorry to say that I have witnessed nothing
i   in his associations during the present session, at
all calculated to relieve him from such a charge.
What were those associations in the election of
Speaker?    I  saw  Aim of Massachusetts,  [Mr.
Adams,]  I  saw   another,] [Mr. Saltonstall,]
