June, 1840.
I   APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51$
26th Cong-•••1st Ses .
Independent Treasury—Mr. Leet.
H. of Reps.
whose connection with the Hartford Convention
is now notorious; and yet another, [Mr. Reed,]
an avowed Federalist, I believe, during the war,
and  ever since,   all   supporting   the  gen'leman
for that important office.   So also, I believe, did,
every other Federalist on this floor. They all came
flocking to his standard.   These wtre ugly associa-
tions for Republican Tennessee to witness.   Mark,
sir, I do not say that all who voted for him were
Federalists; far from it; but I do mean to say that
as far as I have learned the politics of gentlemen
here, every Federalist on this floor voted for him.
There never was such a party in this or perhaps
in any other country like the Federal party. Though
often subdued and conquered, it never disbands.
In the darkest hour of its peril, existing in secret
and mysterious organization, it will suddenly reap-
pear, and uniting itself to one of two nearly ba-
lanced competitors, decide the victory in his favor,
claiming the future control of his actions as the re-
ward of its services.   Insatiate in its demands for
power, when rendered odious by its usurpations, it
often assumes some sacred form or some conse-
crated name, and by the very impudence of the
assumption, again recommends itself to public fa-
vor. I feel sorry that my colleague should have been
ever charged with having united himself with any
any such parly; but I must regard it as omnioas
that, at  the moment of his withdrawal from the
Democratic ranks, he should have found so many
of that party ready to receive him with open arms,
and to help him onward to one of the highest offices
of the Republic. I trust that I make this allusion to
my colleague's having been run as the Whig candi-
nate for Speaker, and to his having been supported
by the Federal portion of that party, without per-
sonal indelicacy; I advert to it only as part of the
history of parses in this House.   The office of
Speaker is worthy the ambition of any man, and I
do not call in question his qualifications to discharge
its duties.   But I will not dwell further on this
point; I come to another that has opened a gulf be-
tween him and the Democracy of Tennessee, deep
and wide as ever separated Dives from Lazarus. Í
mean the gentleman's course in relation to Aboli-
tion petitions.   Sir, not only have the people of
Tennessee, but of the South generally, looked upon
that course with infinite pain and mortification.   It
was a course new and unexpected   to them; a
course not sanctioned by any thing in his former
conduct, and only to be accounted for by his anxi-
ety to place himself in a proper attitude or condi-
tion to support the Harrisburg nominotion.   I do
not make the point now that the nominee of that
convention is an Abolitionist, but it is notorious
and undeniable that his nomination over Mr. Clay
was affected by Abolition influence.   The exulting
and fanatic shout was instantly raised "that another
President bhall never come from a slaveholding
State-"   I allude to this nomination in order that
I may account for the unexpected position now ta-
ken by my honorable colleague in favor of receiv-
■ ing, referring, and reporting on these petitions.
[After Mr. Brown had gone into an examina-
tion of the former course of Mr. Bell on this sub-
ject (not here inserted,) he was called to order by
Mr Cooper and (Mr. Banks. The Speaker de-
cided that Mr. Brown was, giving the debate too
wide a range to be relevant to the bill under discus-
sion.]
. Mr. Brown said, he would conform with plea-
sore to the suggestion of the Speaker, and conclude
what he had to say by desiring the House not to give
this bill the go by, but now that it had been fully
discussed and examined, to pronounce a solemn
and deliberate judgment either for or against it.
The vote was then taken,
"Shall the bill be rejected?"—ayes 108, noes 53.
So the bill was rejected, by the following vote:
YEAS—Means. Judson Allen, Hugh J. Anderson, Atherton,
Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Blackwell, Bnggs, Aaron V. Brown, Al-
bert Q. Brown, Burke, William O.But'er, John Campbell,Carr,
Carroll, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, (Joles, Conner, Mark A.
Cooper, William R. Cooper, Craig, Cushing, Dana, John Da-
vis, John W. Davis, Doan. Doig Dromgoole, Duncan, Earl,
Eastman, Ely, Fine, Floyd, James Garland, Gerry, Goggin,
Hammond, Hand, John Hastings,  Hawkins, Hillen,   Holle-
man, Hook, Hopkins, Howard, Thomas B. Jackson, Jameson,
Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, Keim, Kemble, Kille, Lead-
better, Leonard, Lewis, Lucas, McClellan,  McKay, Mallory,
Marchand, Medlll, Miller, Monlanya, Montgomery, Samuel W.
Morris, Newhard, Pariah, Paimenter, Parris> PaynUer, Petiikin,
Pope, Prentiss, Ramsey, Reynolds, Rives, Robinson, :
Rogers, Ryall, Samuels, S'iaw, Shepard, John Smith,'.
Edward
v Thomas
Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod, Strons, Stuart, Sumter, Swear- .
ingen, Taylor, Francis Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Turney,
Underwood, Vroom, David D. Wagener, Warren, Watterson,
Weller, Wick, Jared W. Williams, Henry Williams, Joseph
L. Williams, and Worthington—10S.
NAYS—Messrs. Andrews, Barnard, Bell, Bond, Brockway,
Anson Brown, Calhoun, William B. Campbell, Chinn, James
Cooper. Cranston, Davies, Garret Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Ed-
wards, Evans, Everett, Fillmore, Gentry, Giddings, Patrick G.
Goode, Hiland Hall, Hawea, Henry, Hodman, Hiram P. Hunt,
Kempshall, Lincoln, Morgan, Calvary Morris, Osborne, Palen,
Randall, Randolph, Rariden, Ridgway, Russell, Saltonstall,
Sergeant, Simonton, Slade, Truman Smith, Stanly, Taliaferro,
Toland, Triple , Peter J. Wagner, John White, Thomas W.
Williams, Lewis Williams, Christopher H. Williams, and
Wise-53.
SPEECH OF MR. LEET,
OF PENNSYLVANIA.
In the Howe of Representatives, June 2, 1840—In
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Banks of Virginia in the chair,) on
the bill "to provide for the collection, safekeep-
ing, transfer, and disbursement of the public re-
venue."
Mr. LEET, who was entitled to the floor, rose,
and said:
Mr. Chairman: The question immediately before
the committee, if I understand i', is the motion of
the honorable member from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Cushing]—whose place, by his courtesy, I now oc-
cupy—to strike out the enacting clause of this bill.
Having submitted this motion, it was entirely pro-
per that the debate should have been led off, as it
was, by that gentleman; because, by tid very act
of making such a motion, he undertook to prove
that the bill ought not to pas* Thaf motion to
strike out the enacting clause is iquivjflent to a mo-
tion that the bill do not pass; Jind an affirmative
vote on that proposition is in effect Je same thing
as a negative vote on the question,/'Shall the bill
pass?" The true question be|ortf the committee,
then, and te which we must respond, is the ques-
tion, "Shall this bill pass?" Nop, without arro-
gating to myself any thing of t|fe spirit of prophe-
cy—for I am neither a prophet nor the son of a
prophet—I will hazard the opinion that the bill will
pass; and I will, at the same time, express the ho-
nest conviction that forces itself upon my mind,
that it ought to pass.
I desire, with the permission of the committee,
to state, as briefly as possible, some of the reasons
which influence me in the vote I intend te give on
this measure; and I desire that, through the com-
mittee, those reasons should go to my constituents
and the country. This is a plain, simple, constitu-
tional measure; and, by the stability which it pro-
fess«s to impart to the currency of the country,
it will, in my humble estimation, promote
the real interests of the people, whilst it accords
with the true spirit of our Republican institutions.
It is the part of wisdom for those who are in
power to adapt their measures, so far as it may
be possible, to the peculiar circumstances of the
country; and if this is not the very best measure
which can be brought forward, I beg to inquire
what the other and better measure is that has been
proposed? Has any other been suggested? Where
is the measure of the Opposition? Echo answers,
where? We have heard it said that the body politic,
like a suffering patient, is sick; but what remedy
has been suggested? We have heard the present
distinguished incumbent of the Presidential chair
reproached for not advising a belter remedy; we
have heard him denounced, on various occasions,
in eloquent and glowing language, since this mat-
ter has attracted public attention. The people
have been depicted as being in a suffering condi-
tion, as laboring under a debilitating disease, which
would prostrate and destroy them, unless the proper
medicines were prescribed and administered. My
honorable fiiend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Cush-
ing,] in the course of his able and statesmanlike
speech, referred delicately to a gentleman who is
now the favorite Presidential candidate of the Op-
position party; and by virtue of his high office, as
one of the representatives of the nobility of the
country—I mean the people—conferred upon his
candidate the degree of doctor. He did not, to be
sure, inform us whether he was doctor of laws, or
of medicine, or of theology, but I presume the
honorable member  meant that he was doctor of
politics and fiscal affairs.   And in further speaking
of   the   evils   under    which   he   claimed    the
country   was   laboring,   and   of   the    suffering
of   an   intelligent   people,  the    honorable  gen-
tleman    said    he    did    not   believe   the     dis-
ease would be cured until Doctor Harrison came
in.    Now, Mr. Chairman,  Doctor Harrison, we
are told, is a patriotic, a benevolent, find a humane
man; and if he possesses all the other  excellent
qualities which have been attributed to him—if he
be a doctor so deeply skilled in the political and
fiscal affairs of this nation,   why   does he not
prescribe   a   remedy   for   all  these   evils,   that
we might embrace it?   Allowing as much patriot-
ism to the friends of this bill as we allow to him,
if  he   would  suggest a better measure than is
here proposed; if he would prescribe  a remedy
which   would cure this despeíate disease under
which the  body politic is said to be  suffering,
will the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Cush-
ing]  say that the people would net avail them-
selves of it?   Surely, sir,  they wouid.     I ask,
again, then, where is the remedy of the Opposition,
that is better than this?    Shall we look to this Dr.
Harrison?   Shall   we   look   to   the   Senate   of
the   united   States?    Or  shall   we   rather   look
to    the    House    of    Representatives,    in    the
person  of   my   honorable    friend  from   Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Pope,] who has suggested a plan,
not in any distinctive form, but w^o ha  given us
the outline of a plan, which, if carried i?Pt and per-
fected, would probably be that which Dr. Harri-
son would present to us.   The honorable gentis-
ruan has proposed a Bank of the United States.
Bat more of that hereafur.
This National Independent Treasury bill was
first brought before Congress in September, 1837.
The message of the President of the United States,
transmitted to both Houses of Congress in that
year, recommended a separation of Bank and State,
or, as it has been familiarly called, a divorce of
Bank and State. What were the circumstances
under which that recommendation was made? It
was made after every other plan which ingenuity
conla devise for the purpose of taking care of the
public moneys, and having them at all times ready
for public use, had, to all appearances at least, sig-
nally failed. The United States Bank had been
tried; the State bank deposite system had been
tried; and this measure was first brought forward
when the country found itself in the peculiar con-
dition, brought about, in my humble opinion, not
by the action of the Government, as honorable and
learned gentlemen of the Opposition party would
have the people believe, but by the action of these
banks, these State corporations, which were too
closely allied to, and connected with, the affairs of
this Government. Congress was convened under
extraordinary circumstances. The crisis was an
interesting one, and full of consequence to the
country. The whole nation had been convulsed,
and business of all kinds disturbed and deranged,
by the sudden and universal suspension of specie
payments by the banks; but the President nobly
and manfully looked danger in the face, and dis-
charged his duty in a mild, yet firm and decided
manner.
At that time and under such circumstances, what
other measure but this, let me ask, could the Pre-
sident have recommended? The charter of the
United States Bank had expired by its own limita-
tion, and had been, on two previous occasions, re-
pudiated by the people; and the next resort to
which the country betook itself, the State bank de-
posite system, had failed. I ask again, then, what
else could the President have done? In his mes-
sage of that date, after setting forth, in a very clear
and lucid manner, the causes which, in his view,
had led to the unfortunate and disturbed condition
of the affairs of the country then existing, the Pre-
sident, in the paragraph next to the last in the mes-
sage, says:
"It is Hnder such circumstances a high gratifica-
tion to know, by long experience, that we act for a
people, te whom the truth, however unpromising,
can always be spoken with safety, for the trial of
whose patriotism no emergency is too severe, and
