516
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.    
June,  1840.
26ra CoJ  '"«l r. Sbsi.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Lett.
H. of Reps.l
who are sure new to desert a public functionary,
honestly laboring for the public good."
Now (continuedMr. L) in that sentiment, con-
taining, as it does, so just a compliment to the in-
telligence and the discernment of the American
people, will any man pretend to say that the Presi-
dent is mistaken?   No, sir. He had an unpleasant
duty to perform—a duty which required probably as
much moral firmness and political integrity as could
hare been demanded from even the highest public
functionary—the duty of telling the people, in those
excited times when the public mind from Ncith to
South and from East to West was agitated by the
events which had but recently transpired—the plain
and honest troth as he believed it to be.   Believing
that   this   Independent Treasury plan was   the
best which could be suggested, he came forward
and met the crisis in the firm and dignified manner
which became him as a gentleman—which we all
admit him to be—and as the Chief Magistrate of
one of the greatest and most glorious Republics on
earth.   But, sir, the plan encouniered great oppo-
sition; and my honorable friend from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Cdshihq] in the course of his remarks,
to a few only of which I shall advert, because his
argument has been ably responded to by the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Lowell,] and the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Atherton]
observed, speaking of this bill, that it is the dis-
tinctive, and the only distinctive measure of the
Administration.   I agree with him, that it is a dis-
tinctive measure, but it is not the only one.   I
apprehend that there are other measures, not so
immediately interesting just now, which may be
eonsttered as distinctive.   The paternity tn   mis,
however, will not be disputed by the Administra-
tion, or any of its friends; and I think when it
ripens into maturity, as I trust it soon will, that
neither the Administration nor the country will
nave canse to be ashamed of it.
But gentlemen say that the bill is defective; that
it is imperfect. It may be so; no doubt it is; but
what else could be expected? Would any man
seriously expect that a measure thus important,
thus complex in its operations and details, would
spring from the brain of Congress perfect at once
—like Minerva, the goddess of war, wisdom, and
the arts, is said to have come from the brain of Ju-
piter, perfect in form and symmetry. No. I have
heard the same objection made in Pennsylvania,
against one of the most glorious and benevolent
systems, that was ever adopted by man. I mean
the system of common schools—and those who
were unfriendly to it, who opposed it, said that it
was vnptrfut. The objection, however, did not
avail; the system now is in fall and successful ope-
ration. I can look around me here, and see some
of my colleagues, who co-operated with me to
ering that system into existence, and who know
mat, under its benign influences, the boys and
girls of the Keystone State are now receiving the
benefits and blessings of early education. I say,
then, that these general objections of imperfection
constitute no argument; and that, even If such im-
perfections exist, they can readily be removed. No
measure, ever offered by any Administration since
the days of Washington, has encountered so much,
and such bitter opposition, as this. I say no mea-
sure, since the days of our own Washington—a
name which I pronounce with reverence—a name
which I delight to mention on all occasions, when I
can do so, because there is associated with it an en-
thusiasm,a true greatness and brilliancy,which cause
the bosom of every man who is an American círí-
sen to swell with emotions of pride, which cause
him to rejoice that he is an American citizen, and
tint he lives in the enjoyment of all those
blessings which the talent, the wisdom, and the
bravery of that great and incomparable patriot left
as a legacy to this country.
Bat, Mr. Chairman, notwithstanding all this op-
positisn-, notwithstanding the political press, as if
actuated by one common impulse, from Maine
to Georgia, from East to West, has joined m
anathemas against this bill; notwithstanding that,
in some parts of the country, (and I mean no parti-
cular allusion to gentlemen on this floor,) it has been
opposed without examination, and condemned
without argument, simply because of the senrce
from whence it emanated, simply because it was
a Van Buren measure, and not because of any
demerits of its own; yet when subjected to, the
" sober second thought," when it underwent the
proper scrutiny which ought to be bestowe 1 upon
every public measure by an intelligent people like
ours, it gained fuends; and the result is, that in
this, now the people's House, whether the measure
be a good one or a bad one, it so happens, I believe,
that it has more friends and advocates than oppo-
nents.
But, sir, what is the bill? I wish to be as prac-
tical as possible in my remarks. What is the
measure, and what are its provisions? Let us in-
quire whether there is any thing about them so
frightful and disastrous as some gentlemen wish
the country to believe.
In the first place, it is provided by the first sec-
tion of the bill, that the public moneys shall be
kept in safe and secure fire-proof vaults and safes,
in a building to be erected in this city to be called
the Treasury of the United States; and that the
money which goes into the hands of the Treasurer
according to law, can only be taken out according
to law; this money, when it goes into the Treasury,
is to be secured not only by these fire-proof vaults,
which all banks use for purposes of security, but
is to be surrounded by all those checks and guards
of a moral nature, so to speak, which the framers
of the bill could devise; and if additional checks
can be suegested, even by the Opposition, no doubt
they will be embraced.
The second, third, and fourth sec ions of the
bill provide for the keeping of the public money
at different points, namely, at Philadelphia, New
Orleans, New York, Boston, Charleston, and St.
Louis. These are the six prominent commer-
cial points of the Union. Now, in connection
with this subject, and before I go further into
detail, allow me to say that it has been ascer-
taintd, as the report of the Secretary of the Trea-
sury shows, that this method of having the public
money kept by public agents—by individuals act-
ing as fiscal agents of the Government, has no-
thing novel in it, because the same custom has
obtained, in many other countries, for years past;
and, according to the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury which I have before mentioned, in twen-
ty-two out of twenty-seven foreign Governments,
the public moneys are kept in the charge of
public officers. That is a fact stated by the Pre-
sident in his message, and has been ascertained,
as the President says, to his entire satisfaction, by
the different officers connected with the Treasury
Department. I mention this as a remarkable fact,
that, notwithstanding the force which may be
attached to the argument of my friend from
Massachusetts in saying that any illustration
drawn from foreign monarchies or despotisms—
those Governments being dissimilar to ours—could
not apply here; I say, notwithstanding this, it is
still most remarkable that, as regards the single
isolated fact of keeping the public moneys, the
sinews of war, and upon which depend the suc-
cessful and independent operations of every Govern-
ment, whether free or not; in twenty-two out of
twenty-seven Governments, the public moneys are
kept by public officers, and not by the agency of
banks or of corporations. The second, third, and
fbarth sections of the bill are, in my judgment,
very judicious, because they select, as the places
of deposite of the public money, the great
commercial points of the conntry. They
are the points which must, iu a greater or
less degree, affect every other part of the
country in all monetary matters; they are the
points at or near to which most of the people who
are to receive, in the largest sums, the public
moneys, reside. This selection must, in a great
measure, take away the force of the argument,
which is urged in regard to the difficulty of the
transfer of the public money by carrying gold and
silver from on* point to the other.
The fifth section of the bill provides for the ap-
pointment of four receivers general, for the term of
four years, unles* sooner removed. They are to
be stationed at New York, Boston, Charleston,
South Carolina, and St. Louis. They are to give
bonds with approved security, for the faithful dis-
charge of their duties. So are the collectors, &c.
and so, I may say, are all the fiscal agents who may
be employed under this bill. So that, ii gentle-
men will institute a comparison between the secu-
rity given for the public money as it is proposed
to be kept by this bill, and the security of the pub-
lic money as kept by banks, they will s,ee that
there is required in the former case every security
that is ever given in the latter. Cashiers of banks.
The cashiers of banks give bonds for the faithful
execution of their duty. The officers employed
under this bill are required to do the same thing.
And there is this remarkable difference: cashiers of
banks are accustomed often to retain their situations
during their whole lives, and it seldom happens
that their bonds are renewed unless some very
great change takes place. In many instances,
we know that they continue to do the same duties
under the same bonds for a'most scores of years;
and in many instances, where resort is had to suits
at law, it often turns out that neither the cashiers
nor the securities are worth any thing. This bill
requires that the officers shall be appointed for
four years; and I take it for granted that the borjds
mast be renewed every four yean; and, if the old
securities are not regarded as sufficient, the Presi-
dent will require new securities to be given. So
far. then, as security is concerned, this system has
the advantage ovei the other. We have also every
other means that can be devised to prevent the
forcible abstraction of the public money by thieves
or robbers, as they are sometimes' called, though
probably the latter appellation may not be tech-
nically correct.
We are told, however, that the banks have their
stocks, and that there an additional security is to
be found. It is true they have their stocks, and
the stockholders, in a suit at law, might probably
be held liable to the amount of their stock, and
even beyond that. But m order to make the mat-
ter safe even to this degree, the personal liability
of stockholders should be p'ovided for by statute.
This is a matter to which I may perhaps recur
hereafter.
I come now, Mr. Chairman, to the sixth section of
the bill, which is a very important one. And here
permit me to say, that the very title of this bill fur-
nishes a true index of the principles of the bill
itself. What is the title? It is "An act to provide
for the collection, safekeeping, transfer, and dis-
bursement, of the public revenue." It is essen-
tially unlike the title of a certain other bill, which,
] m the year 1836, was reperted to the Legislature
of Pennsylvania, and was entitled "A bill to re-
peal the State tax, to continue and extend the im-
provements of the State by railroads and canals,
andfor other jrorpows." The United States Bank
of Pennsylvania, with all its immense capital of
thirty-five millions of dollars, held by the identical
stockholders of the late Bank of the United States,
as chartered by the General Government, was con-
tinued in its corporate existence by a bill which
made its first appearance in the world under the
title I have just named. And this charter was
Ushered into existence under the comprehensive
words, "and for other purposes." It is true that,
after the bill passed, its friends thought it would be
best to christen it over again, and they added
the words, to charter a Stale bank to he called the
United States Bank." Now, so far as the bill be-
fore the committee is concerned, the most fastidious
gentlemen, in or out of Congress, cannot find fault
with its title. By reading the title, gentlemen will
see what the bill purports to be; and by reading
the sections, and examining them impartially, gen-
tlemen will find that there is a strict correspon-
dence between the provisions of the bill and its
title.
But this United States Bank coming into exist-
ence as it did, under the remarkable title " and
for other purposes," was carried through the Le-
gislature—how? By a system which, in Pennsylva-
nia, we call the log rolling system; that is to say,
appropriations were put into the bill, and subscrip-
tions to the stocks of railroads, turnpikes, bridge
companies, and every thing of that kind, so as to
reach every section of the entire State of Pennsyl-
vania; and so as to place members m the awkward
position—that they mnst either appear  te vote
