June, 1840.____________
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
517
Independent Treasury—Mr. Leet.
H. of Reps.
against the immediate local interests of their con-
stituents, or they must go in for the whole, and em-
brace the very objectionable measure of a United
Staies Bank, re chartered as a State institution.
And thus the bill passed.   This is a system very
similar to the one now in vogue, to which, I sup-
pose, it will not be in order to refer.   This log-
rolling sysiem addressed itself, not to the under-
standings, but to the prejudices and interests of
men; and thus they were compelled to vote for that
bill, even though it incorporated foreign lords and
nabobs as the stockholders of an American bank,
whom the honorable gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Pope] would now exclude; and I here assert
• that all the difficulties which we have had in Penn-
sylvania, in relation to our improvements,   and
almost every thing else, may be attributed to the
passage of that bill.   It aroused a spirit of prodi-
gality and speculation amongst us, and men almost
went mad in regard to appropriations.   Gentlemen
could scarcely talk of any thing less than millions.
And now we are reaping the fruits of such legisla-
tion; we find that we have got no good, but evil
altogether.   I say, therefore, that there is a marked
difference between the plain   and  open   title of
this bill, and the secret and insidious title of the
other.   This is addressed to the understandings of
men; they are invited to look at it, to read and ex-
amine it for themselves, and when they* do so, they
will find that the title indicates truly what the bill
itself really is.
This sixth section repudiates the idea of loan-
ing the public money; it expressly prohibits the
loaning or the using of the public money.   This
is a wise provision, and one calculated to be emi-
nently useful to the country.   It was the loaning
of the public money by the banks which in reality
created the civil war between General Jackson's
administration and the Bank of the United States;
because the act which incorporated that Bank pro-
vided for the deposite of the public money in its
vaults, and because, as a matter of favor from the
people, that institution, and its foreign stockholders,
who had no sympathy with us or oar institutions,
enjoyed the exclusive privilege of the public mo-
ney for years.    When the deposites were removed,
their interests were affected, and the business of
the country was affected, as I shall not attempt to
deny, because the change would necessarily com-
pel them to modify their business, at all events to.
some extent.   They had enjoyed the use of the
public money so long that they seemed to regard
themselves as entitled to it forever; they seemed
to consider that neither the Government nor the
people had a right to say that the public money
should not hereafter be leaned out, but that it
should be kept in a particular way for the uses of
the Government, and that we would not longer
run the risk of being connected with any bank,
however fairly or honorably its affairs might  be
conducted.     And   because   the   people  avowed
themselves determined to act upon the principle
that they had a right to do what they pleased with
their own money; that they had a right to have it
in such a condition as that they might be able to
command it when war, or any sudden emergency,
or a due regard to the interests  of   fie coun-
try, required    it;  for   this  reason, I   say,   the
Bank of the   United   States   took offence, and
avowedly entered the political   arena, as it was
claimed   upon   the   principle    (and    I   would
not   do   injustice    even    to    that   institution)
of self-defence.   I will not stop to inquire whe-
ther the interference of that institution with our
political  affairs wa«, or was not, caused by the
principle of self-defence—or whether it originated in
the desire and thirst of power, principles which we
know are identified with the very nature of institu-
tions of that kind, especially when they are ever- j
grown and possessed of large capitate, and more '
especially when they are controlled, as that institu-
tion, was by foreigners,  by rich men abroad, not
citizens of our own country, and not feeling the
same interest in our institutions that we ourselves
feel.
The late President of the Bank of the United
States, Mr. Biddle, a gentleman whom I have the
honor to know, and whose talents and learning I
bold in much respect, says some where "that the
constant tendency of banks is to lend too much,
and put too many notes in cireulption;" and the
President of the United States says, "that the
pronenesg to excessive issues has ever been the vice
of the banking system.'*
Here, then, for once, Mr. Van Buren and Mr.
Biddta agree in opinion.   Whether they ever did
so before or not, I need not inquire; but they do
agree in this particular; and, so far as my fiscal vi-
sion goes, 1 cannot see how a difference of opinion
could possibly exist between them on that point.   I
say that so many words never expressed more co-
gent truth than is contained in the two passages I
have quoted.   Banks, with all the restrictions and
limitations usually thrown around them, will ex-
cite speculation and overtrading.   It is in  their
nature to do so.   We all know that whs  people
come forward, either ia the Legislatures of the
States or in Congress, to ask for the charter of a
bank, they put it on the grounds of public good or
public convenience, and that charters generally are
granted on that professed principle—therefore, nu-
merous checks and guards are inserted, and most
generally the power of revocation is retained.   But
such was not the fact in relation to the United
States Bank of Pennsylvania; for the majority who
j passed the bill refused to insert such a clause,
; a   motion   to   that   effect   having   been   made
I by   my  honorable   friend   and  colleague,   who
sits on my right {Mr. McCollough.] ButI say that,
with all the checks and guards usually thrown
1 around these institutions, they will vie and strug-
gle one against the other, and excite overtrading
and speculation, and they will induce people who
would otherwise be content with moderate profits
to run into excesses, which lead finally to dis-
aster and ruin. The very same principle has made
many  men, who were once affluent, now poor.
They have been overwhelmed by the consequences
of their own fully, and by the thirst of gain which
always characterizes these   soulless   institutions.
These banks, it is true, are composed of men who,
in their private characters, may be honest and up-
right, yet when they come to be invested with a
corporate capacity, they seem to forget the prin-
ciples by which, as individuals, they are directed
and governed—so true is the maxim of the old
common law, that corporations are soulless. They
have no sympathies.   The first principle of their
nature is universal self-interest.   The more money
they can make, the better financiers they are; and
they act upon the principle of taking care of them-
selves, and letting every body else do likewise.
Upon this point, I ask the Clerk to read some ob-
servations which I consider very judicious, and
which I intend to incorporate into my printed re-
marks.
The Clerk then read as follows:
From an article on "Banking and Currency," in the DubHn
University Magazine for February, 1810.
"The effects of rival banks of issue on the fluctuations of
trade, may be thus briefly described When trade is prosper-
ous, and prices are high, the currency of the country will bear
some addition to be made to it without being thereby depreci-
ated. Bach bank will struggle that this addition shall proceed
from its own issue?; and for this purpose will discount more
paper upon more liberal terms than before. Prom this con-
duct of the banks, trade will receive an additional, an unnatu-
ral, but a temporary impetus. Manufacturers and merchants
will make and import a larger quantity of goods, for which they
anticipate a speedy sale upon credit, at the same time pur-
chasers are more ready to give bills, as they are confident that,
when the bills come to maturity, they can easily procure mo-
ney to pay them from the banks. While this state of things
continues, all is prosperous, and the banks in particular make
large profits from the quantity of bills which they discount.
Theciiculation is full to overflowing; but the exchanges gra
dually turn and become adverse; the stock of gold in the bank- '
er's hands rapidly diminishes. Every bank is obliged to con-
tract its discounts often very abruptly, and is happy, if by such
a course it can avert the impending ruin. But this conduct, al-
though it may save the banks, is necessarily followed by a para-
.ysis of trade, and general public distress. Those wno expect-
ed with confidence to fulfil their engagements by getting their
bills discounted, are disappointed, and are either reduced to in-
solvency, orobliged, at great loss, to lorce an immediate sale of
their goods, in a dull and overstocked market. The
public, scarcely able to fulfil their existing engage-
ments, are unwilling to enter upon new ones. Most people
then discover that, during the excitement, they purchased a
greater quantity of goods than they can either dispose of, or
afford to keep on hand. Money becomes everir day more
scarce, and good<! fall in vaftte with still greater rapidity. The
depression of trade makes that amount of currency redundant,
which, inordinary times, would not be more than sufficient to
conduct the exchanges of the community. The demand for
gold, therefore, continues for exportation; some of the werst
conducted banks are unable to withstand the pressure; they
stop payment, then a public panic arises, and gold is demand-
ed for hoarding as well as exportation.   To this latter demand
there is no limit. The demand for gold for exportation cmm*
as soon as the currency is sufficiently contracted; for the ex-
changes must tlifiuurn; but the demand for gold, for hoarding,
proceeds with augmented rapidity. It is like an epidemic. One
man runs to the bank for gold, because he sees his neighbor do
the same, and this demand may continue as long as a bant not 
remains in the hands oi the public. It is like the plague, or any
other infectious disease, which may cease of itself, although no
human power can arrest its progress. In this general calamity
the poorest are overwhelmed; the wealthy alone survive the
shock. After a few months, trade recommences, and is con-
ducted for some time with considerable caution: confidence
gradually survives; the banks increase their issues; trade be-
comes more lively; and then the former events occur In the
same order as belore; and as long as rival banks are permitted
to make paper money, there will be a perpetual vicissitude of
trade in nearly the following order :
Caution, Confidence, Liveliness, Overtrading, Great apparent
Prosperity, Sudden |Cessation, Paralysis, Distrust, Panic, Bank-
ruptcies."
Mr. L. continued. In bringing forward these
opinions, I do not desire to be understood as con-
tending that the banks ought not to issue notes. I
do not intend to say that they ought to exist only
as banks of deposite; but I think that their notes
should be of a larger denomination than those
which, up to this time, have been permitted by the
laws of the country to be issued.
[Mr. Morgan rose to inquire what the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Leet] thought should be
the lowest denomination.]
Mr. Leet. In reply to the gentleman, I will
say that, at present, I would prevent any bank
from issuing a note under ten dollars; and, when I
had the honor of a seat in the Senate of my own
State, I offered a proposition of that kind. But,
if the gentleman from New York [Mr. Morgun]
will do me the favor to listen to what I have tq say,
he will see that, whenever a certain state of things
can be brought about—not by a sudden movement,
but by a regular, progressive improvement in the
condition of these institutions—I would go higher
than the sum of ten dollars. My idea is this—and
I may as well depart a little from the order of my
argument, and express my opinions here—I would
have these institutions chartered as commercial in-
stitutions. I would not allow any great number of
them to be established, (we have now, I believe,
about one thousand banks in the United Statts.) I
would have them issue no small notes—threes,
twos, ones, and even notes of a less amount, as
they now do. I would sanction no such thing; but
I would confine them to commercial operations: and
in that respect I am of opinion that they would be
eminently useful to the country. If the subject of
banks and banking were a new question, now first
propounded—if we were now about to establish a
system—I would be in favor of one essentially
different from that which at present prevails—dif-
ferent even from the system as it is gleaned from
the acts of incorporation themselves, and
which we know are more perfect in the
theory than the system itself is in practice. I
would be in favor of a thorough reform. I would
reform all the abuses and excesses into which they
run, and which are not authorized by their char-
ters. I would reform them by law, by the force of
public opinion, and in every manner in which the
object could be attained. Bat I would not destroy
the banks; I would not injure credit, for I believe
it must, and always will, exist in such a country
as this; but I say that, whenever it can be done,
the system ought to be reformed; and it can only
be done by progressive steps. But the credit sys-
tem must be so regulated as to be useful to the peo-
ple, and not to the stockholders of banking institu-
tions alone.
If, then, the banks will, as I think I have shown,
without the aid of the public treasure, vie with
each other in the struggle for customers and busi-
ness, will excite speculation and overtrading, and
for that purpose will expand their issues, and after-
wards be under the necessity of contracting them,
thereby affecting the value of produce, and of all
articles of trade; if, I say, such is the case, and if
this stats of thiBgs grows out of the very nature of
these institutions, how much less will it be the case
if you adopt the principle of this sixth section, and
refuse to loan the public treasure at alii It is this
very principle oí refusing to loan the public trea-
sure, which is to save you and the country from
all this feverish excitement, and speculation for
money's, sake, which we see resulting fiom these
institutions.   And in this connection I have anotheg
ik
