518
26th Cono." 1st Srss
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Lett.
H. of Reps.
remark to make. This is an independent Govern-
ment; so intended to be by the framers nf the Con-
stitution. It has limited powers, and all the powers
which are not given to it by the Constitution, are
reserved to the people of the States. And al-
though the word currency is not used in the Con-
stitution, as a grant, yet the words "go'd and sil-
ver" are used; and they are made the tender in pay-
ment of debts, so that your Government could not
pay a debt in any other medium, if your creditors
chose to demand it. I say, then, that the Constitu-
tion, and the venerable men who framed it, de-
signed this Government, s« far as the power
existed to make it so by that instrument, to be in-
dependent, and to carry on its operations without
the slightest dependence upon, or connection with,
the States, directly or indirectly. But if you repu-
diate this principle, if you take this exploded sys-
tem of State deposite banks, what is the conse-
quence? You see that these banks are dependent
en the Legislatures of the States—that they are
the creatures if State legislation; and when they
get into difficulties, you see them going up and im-
ploring their Legislatures to be merciful towards
them. These banks, be it remembered, have a
great deal of power, far too much, and too often
accomplish their purposes; and if you adopt that
system, it is manifest that yoa make this Govern-
ment dependent on the States, because the banks
themselves are dependent on the Legislatures of
the States.
i In this situation of affairs, you would have a
great and splendid Government, with twenty-six
growing and prosperous States, connected with
(and bound to support it, to be sure, when neces-
sary) in a condition of dependence, however, alto-
altogether different from that intended by the terms
of the Constitution. Need I refer to the fact, that,
in the year 1814, the State banks suspended? Need
I refer to the disastrous and deplorable condition of
things which followed that suspension? 1 will
leave it to those who hear and may read me, to
take a retrospective view of those gloomy times.
Need I refer to the year 1819, when they suspend-
ed specie payments? Or, sir, need I advert to the
year 1837, when a similar event took place? Need
I refer especially to the year 1837, when the banks
suspended in New York, in Philadelphia, in Balti-
more, and all through the South and West, when
the explosions of these corporations came upon the
people like successive claps of thunder? Need I
refer to the partial suspension in the year 1838?
Pennsylvania, and the banks South and West of
her, suspended; and it is a remarkable thing that
they sucpended in Pennsylvania the very day after
the election. Why they held out so long, I shall
not inquire. Now, we need not, for the purpose of
the argument, claim that these suspensions were
"brought about wilfully by these corporations; but
allow, if you please, that the suspensions were,
in a gieat measure, the results of the laws of trade
and commerce, over which they could have no
control. Still, in every aspect, I say that it is un-
necessary, inexpedient, and improper, in a Govern-
ment like this, to trust its money, without which it
cannot perform its functions, to these institutions,
liable as they are, from different causes, to be ren-
dered unable to pay. The better plan is that here
suggested, to keep the public money always safe,
and ready for use.
There is another very excellent feature in this
bill, to which I will advert for a moment. The
eleventh section requires the money to be deposit-
ad, not in the name of the collectors, as heretofore,
but in the name of the Treasurer, no matter who
he may be—A, B, or C. He is an officer known
to the Jaw and the Constitution. You will, then,
after this bill shall hays passed, not see in your
great oity of New York and other places, millions
of money held in the name of an individual, and
over which he has control, and upon which he
cm draw and check as he pleases; but it will be
deposited in the name of the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States.
Again: Examinations of the books of accounts are
to he made, and of the moneys on hand; and special
agents are to be appointed for that purpose. This
examination may be monthly, or weekly, or
daily.     It may   be just as often as the  Secre-
tary of the Treasury, acting under the advice and
upon the suggestion of those connected with the
Government may require. Is not this a great im-
provement? The United States Bank of Pennsyl-
vania is required by law to make monthy returns
to the Auditor General of the State That is, to
be sure, a great improvement on the old system;
but, under this bill, the depositaries of the pub-
lic mosey are obliged to submit their accounts,
and even the money itself, to be overlooked and
counted by these special agents, as often as the
agents, or the Secretary of the Treasury himself,
may think proper. This, I say, is a great improve-
ment. How is the fact with the banks? There the
money is counted, probably once in three or six
months. A committee appointed by the board re-
pair to the cashier's room and count the money,
and see what amount is there; or, as is more gene-
rail; the case, they take the word of the tellers and
cashier. It may be said, on the same principle,
that the special agents will take the word of these
officers. It may be so; if it is, it will be because
they have especial confidence in the officers. But
I take it that, in view of the requisitions of this bill,
the head of the Treasury Department will feel it
incumbent upon him to require a careful inspec-
tion and examination of the money itself, so as to
see whether the hard dolíais are there or not.
Another very good feature of the bill is that con-
tainedin the 17th section, by which iti-s declared that
the ucing, investing, or loaning the public money,
shall be deemed a felony, and that any officer or
agent, of the United States, and all persons ad-
vising or participating in such act, being convicted
thereof before any court of ihe United States, of
competent jurisdiction, shall be sentenced to im-
prisonment for a term not less than six months,
nor more than five years, and to a fine equal to the
amount of the money embezzled. Now, though
it may appear to convey an imputation of frailty
upon human nature, that a law of this kind should
be required in relation to men who are to be trusted
with duties so high, yet no honest man can object
to it; and if a diihonest man should happen to get
into office, this is the very law which is wanted tor
him. It is a principle, as old as civilization itself,
that punishment for the violation of law, or
for neglect of duty—for crime, either of com-
mission or omission—has a great, controlling,
moral influence. It is certain that, by a pro-
vision of this kind, men are more likely to
be prevented from yielding to temptation. If
men of dishonest principles should chance to be
elevated to these offices, will they not be deterred
from indulging their propensities by this provision?
What is the (act now? This thing of using the
public money for personal purposes is a mere
breach of trust, and subjects a man simply to a
civil action, which he can come forward and de-
fend; and in reference to which he may declare
every thing that any honest man might, according
to the rules and practice of courts, do, if suit were
brought against him for a sum of money which
he might not be able to pay, or which ought not to
be paid. He may have all the advantages and
facilities of a civil suit, and there is nothing like
odium or reproach attaching itself to him. In this
view of the case, this is a very important provision
in the bill.
I come how to the nineteenth section, which of
all others, is probably the most important, be-
cause, so far as the business of the country, which
has been so much talked of, is concerned, this sec-
tion it is alleged will likely exercise more influ-
ence than any other in the bill. It will, I think,
have a beneficial, not an injurious effect.
This section proposes that the revenue or in-
come of the Government shall, in the course of a
certain period of time, be collected in legal cur-
rency, in gold and silver. It does not propose that
the revenue shall be collected at once; but it pro-
vides that, after the 30th day of June, 1840, one
fourth part of the revenue shall be collected in gold
and silver; that after the 30th day ofJJune, 1841, one
other fourth shall be so collected; that after the
30th day of June, 1843, one other fourth shall be
so collected; and that after the 30th day of June,
1843, the whole of the revenue ¡shall be paid in
gold and silver.   So that it will be perceived, the
receipts of the notes of sound specie paying banks,
will not be done away with entirely, until the last
of June, 1843. Now, this section has been most
strenuously objected to—and, in some parts ot the
country, it has been represented and discussed in
such a way as greatly to confuse and delude the
public mind.
The President, in his last annual message, says:
"Prom the best estimates, we may safely fix the
amount of specie in the country at eighty-five mil-
lions of dollars, and the portion of that which
would be employed at any one time, in the receipts
and disbursements of the Gevernment, if the pro-
posed change were made at once, would not, it is
now, after fuller investigation, believed, exceed
four or five millions."
Now the President says, that the highest amount
of specie in the country will be $85,000,000. Well,
even upon the suppostion that the system proposed
by this bill would go into operation this very day,
only four or five millions of this amount would be
required to carry out its purposes. But it is not
proposed, as I have shown, that the bill shall go into
full operation at once. It is proposed that only
one-fourth of the amount of the revenue shall ill
the first instance be collected in gold and silver,
and be placed in deposite. The change is to be gra-
dual; and If injury should be found to result from
it, Congress, which, with a spirit of patriotism, is at
all times looking to the interests of the people, will
amend the bill in any particular in which amend-
ment may be required. If the change were sudden,
and not gradual, gentlemen might prebably with
much force and propriety object to the bill; but,
being gradual, the effect on the currency will be
mild and salutary. It may be said that the busi-
ness of the country, as it increases, year after year,
will continue to require more and more specie for
the collection of the revenue. Will not the gold and
silver of the country also augment? Look at Mexi-
co. Look at the provinces of New Spain, with
which we are intimately associated. Look at the
gold and silver coined there every year. Accord-
ing to evidence, they made in their mints silver
coin ia every year to the amount of fifty millions,
and gold to the amount of fourteen millions of dol-
lars; being a total of sixty-four millions of dollars.
This was some time ago, and no doubt they make
more now. Of this gold and silver, large amounts
are imported here. Is it probable that we shall
not always have the means of being in possession
of as much gold and silver as the country requires
—and that the increase of the precious metals will
not go, pari passu,, with the amount required for the
business of the country]
But my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Cush-
ing] in speaking of this measure, and what he sup-
posed would be its effect on the banks, used the
strong and emphatic language, that it "would un-
bank the banks." I should like to have heard that
honorable gentleman explain how it was, that the
use of four or five millions of dollars of specie,
n the collection of the public revenue, was to "un-
bank the banks." There are in the' country
about one thousand banks; some of them are
sound, some unsound. So far as the unsound or
rotten banks are concerned—so far as banks,
whose stockholders would not agree to be liable for
the debts of the institution, but who have been
willing to speculate upon the country, and make
all the money they could—so far, I say, as banks
of such a description may be affected, the opera-
tion of this section will be, either to restrain them
within proper limits, or to compel them to wind up.
But, so far as the sound banks are concerned—
banks whose affairs are managed in accordance
with the principles of their charters—which have
not let out too much paper, and have always kept
on hand a fair proportion of specie, the operation
of this section must necessarily be mild and salu-
tary. Its only operation would be to restrain them
from the issue of an improper amount of paper.
Every man knows that the perpetual tendency of
these institutions is to issue too much paper. In
my own State I have known a bank chartered with
an amount of capital paid in of, s-ay, one hundred
thousand dollars, which had near four hundred
thousand dollars in circulation. It lived up-
on the mere breath of credit} and if a word of
