June, 1840 ___________
26th Cowo«*"1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51 
Independent Treasury—Mr. Lett.
H. of Reps.
doubt, as to the soundness of its credit, had been
uttered in any respectable quarter, it must ne-
cessarily have fallen. I say, then, that this mode
of collecting the public revenue, even after the
provisions of the nineteenth section shall have gone
completely into operation, will not affect the honest
banks in any manner so injuriously as to prevent
them from making fully as much as they ought to
make.
I might enter into other illustrations to prove
the superior relative advantages which this Inde-
Sindent Treasury system possesses over the State
ink deposite system.   It appears from a report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, that the losses
sustained in the collection of the revenue, from
customs and public lands, in consequence of the
defalcations of public officers and receivers, are
much less in amount than the losses sustained by
the banks.   From the year 1789 to the year 1837,
the amounts received by collectors and held under
their control, from duties, were #946,000,000, and
the amounts ieceived by receivers of puhc land
offices, were  $107,000,000; making a  total  of
one billion and fifty-three millions of dollars.   From
the year 1789 then, it has been the practice of the
Government to trust their public money   in the
hands of public agents.   Afterwards, to be sure,
this money was transferred at one time to the State
banks, and, at another time, to the Bank of the
United States, and always, down to the year 1837,
either to the one or the other.    But I refer to these
facts, merely for the purpose of showing that in this
principle of trusting ihe public money to the hands
of public agenL-s, there is nothing novel.    In the
year 1837, when a universal suspension of specie
payments took place, the State banks had in  their
vaults $32,000,000 of the public money; and such
was the condition into which their affairs were
thrown by that suspension, that the Government
was obliged to pay us creditors with this bank pa-
per at a discount of at least ten per eent. thereby
producing a loss to the States and to the public cre-
ditors of something like two and a half millions of
dollars.   I say to the States, because, under the de-
posite act of 1836, the States received this money
from the banks.   And I well recollect that, when
the State of Pennsylvania came to receive her por-
tion of the public plunder, or, as it was commonly
called, the surplus, there was a content among the
banks who should have it on deposite.   The Legis-
lature was entreated to put it in one place and in
another, and the then deposite banks could not have
it removed because it was alleged it would destroy
the business of   that portion of   the country in
which they were loca'ed;  and that every thing
would   go   wroag.     The   surplus    was   with-
drawn   from   the banks, in  pursuance   of   the
law, and no doubt it had  a great   effect upon
stock.   I   will   not,   however, enter   into   any
further   comparison   between   this   independent
Treasury   and   the   S'ate   bank   system; but   I
will inquire  whether a United States Bank would
answer the necessary purposes?   And here I call
the attention of my friend from Kentucky, [Mr.
Pora.]    He offered, on the 9th of March last, in
his place here, a resolution, to  which I have be-
fore incidentally adverted, suggesting a plan which,
if carried out into the form of a bill, would, no
doubt, amount to a scheme, antagonistical to that of
the Independent Treasury, and be the real favorite
scheme of the Opposition party.    This resolution
provides: "That it is necessary and proper  to es-
tablish a Natioaal Bank, with a capital of seventy
miUtont of dollars, to aid the fiscal operations of
the Government."
He sets out with the principle that it is necessa-
ry and proper to establish a National Bank; and he
thea goes on to define the purposes for which it
shall be established.
Mr. L. proceeded to read the resolution, and
observed that, among the most prominent objects
of this great National Bank, as indicated in the
honorable gentleman's rttsolve, is this: "It is to re-
form the existing disorder in the currency, and to
secure to the nation a stable and uniform standard
of value, by excluding a spurious and ruinous pa-
per currency from circulation, and to prepare, in
part, the pecuniary means of war." Now, sir,
what has past experience shown m regard to the
capacity of such an institution, to accomplish these
objects? Did the country find the late Bank of the
United States to answer any such ends? Has the
present United States Bank of Pennsylvania at-
tained any such purposes? Has it secured to the
nation an uniform standard of value, and prevented
the circulation of a miserable and useless paper
currency? No, it has not. Has it maintained it-
self in a condition to afford the country "the pecu-
niary means of war?" Could it have aided the
Government, in the event we had had war with
England, on account of the Maine border question?
No, Mr. Chairman*no. We behold that institu-
tion, with all its capital,and all its boasted jingle of
hard dollars in its vaults, a suspended bank, refus-
ing to redeem its promises to pay, and even issu-
ing post notes.
He proposes that ten millions of the capital
shall be reserved for the United State , that at least
one-half of the residue of the capital shall be al-
lotted to the States, and divided among them, ac-
cording to their representation in Congress; and
that the balance of the capital &hall be taken by
American corporation  and citizens, under proper
rules and restrictions. I am pleased, at all event*,
to find that my friend has excluded foreigners, and
that he confines the stock to American citizens
But look at this proposition for a moment. It i$
certainly the most extraordinary one, for a fiscal
agent of the United Stales, that I have yet seen.
In saying this, I mean no disrespect to my frtend.
But here is a proposition for an immense bank,
with a capital double the amount of that of the late
United States Bank, connecting this General Go-
vernment, which is to be one stockholder, with all
the States, which are also to be stockholders; and
thus you convert the Government, so far as its fis-
cal agencies are concerned, into one grand United
Sta'es Bank. Suffer this scheme to be carried out,
where would be the power of the people to resist
such a vast combination? Let such a bank, with
its seventy millions of capital, and shortly, per-
haps, with double that amount, having its agencies
and branches located in different parts of the coun-
try, and its friends scattered all over the earth—I
say, let such a bank ever be established, and men
may then indeed talk of the power and influence
of corporations; because inch a concentration of
money power would be truly dangerous, and in the
lapse of time utterly irresistible.
The gentleman proposes, farther, that after five
years, notes shall not he issued of a less denomi-
nation than ten dollars; and after ten years, not of
a less denomination than twenty dollars. So far
as that provision goes, it is well enough. Now if
this is intended by him as an antagonistical scheme
to the Independent Treasury bill, and if we are to
look to the former as the better and wiser, and
more beneficial measure, I must beg to say that it
is not a measure to which I could yield my assent.
I should consider it obnoxious to all the objections
that ever existed against the United States Bank.
I should consider it as virtually incorporating into
your Constitution a principle that banks should
give to the Goverraent its currency.
I wish now, Mr. Chairman, briefly to notice one
or two objections which have been urged against
this bill.
It has been objected to it, that it will have the
tendency to introduce an exclusively metalic cur
rency, and to destroy the credit of the banks. Now
for my own part, I do not believe that such will be
the results, nor do I believe that the friends of the
measure desire that such should be the results.
I look upon this as an argument made rather for
effect than any thing else. To my recollection, I
have never heard it used by any gentlemen on this
floor, nor do I suppose I shall; but still we know
that this objection has been raised elsewhere. It
certainly is not the design of those who support
this bill that such results should follow. In the year
1838, when the party in Pennsylvania, (if I may
use the phrase,) met by their representatives m
convention at Harnsburg, they took especial care
to disclaim any such notion, and they treated with
a becoming feeling of indignation any effort that
might be made to impute to them the advocacy of
soch a doctrine as that of the introduction of a
currency exclusively metallic.   Let me, $ay that
the pecuniary business of your Government; the
receipts and disbursements of the public revenue,
constitute only a small portion of the money re-
ceived and paid out through this country. Look
at your commerce—look at your merchandise
scattered over the country—look at your import-
ing and exporting trade—look at your manufac-
tures of various sorts, and you will find that the
amount required for the operations of the Govern-
ment will be a small sum in comparison with the
millions and tens of millions paid out and re-
ceived in the business operations of the country
The convention to which I have referred, issued
an address, from which I will take the liberty to
read a few brief extracts.    It says:
"The aristocracy are well aware, that they ca nnot successfully
contend, in s fair and honorable warfare, with a party which is
essentially popular.and which must be eventually predominant.
For this reason, they apply to the Democracy, epithets which
honorable men despise, and impute to them principles never
entertained by the party, and which every Democrat disavows.
An impression is attempted to be ntade upon the public
mind, that it is the intention of the democratic party to
destroy the credi t system—to destroy all the banks—and to im-
fose an exclusive metallic currency upon the people—SUCH
NTENTIONS, THE DEMOCRACY UTTERLY DI8-
CLAIM. They lecogmse no principle which tends to interfere
with the public prosperity and enterprise of the people, the
rights of property, or the public faith It is not the object or
design of the Democratic party, to destroy any institution ,
legally and honestly established for the general good, but to
foster and protect them—NOT TO AGGRAVATE THE ONE-
ROUS BURDENS OF THE PEOPLE, BY SWEEPING
FROM EXISTENCE THE BANKING INSTITUTIONS,
BUT TO EFFECT THAT SALUTARY REFORM, NOW
IMPERIOUSLY DEMANDED BY THE INTERESTS Ü 
WELL OF THE BANKS AS THE PEOPLE. If the De
mocratic party were the destroyers, the agrarians and levellers,
as their opponents affect to believe them to be, Pennsylvania
could not now boast of the dense population, the immense
wealth, the magnificent improvements, and the boundless re-
sources, which have been nursed into maturity under Demo-
cratic Administrations for the last thirty years. During that
time, the same principles were entertained by the Democratic
party, that now are—the same doctrines advocated and tho
same policy pursued, and Pennsylvania, UNDER THE BE-
NIGN INFLUENCE OF THESE PRINCIPLES, DOC
TRINES, AND POLICY, has arisen to such eminence and
importance among her sisters of the Union, as to be justly en-
Utled to the distinguished appellation of "The Keystone State."
This (continued Mr. L) t  the true doctrine of
the Democratic party, so far as I have any know-
ledge on the subject.
I beg leave also to read an extract from au ad-
dress issued by a committee of members of the
Senate and House of Representatives of the Con-
gress of the United States, in July, 1838, which
says:
"It is alleged that this measure is part of a scheme to Toree
on the country a currency purely metallic. This is unfounded.
A specie currency for the ordinary daily transactions of Ufe,
and such a specie basis for paper as will always ensure its
convertibility into specie, when required by the holders, is
what is contended for, and such is the only tendency and real
design of the measure proposed, so far as the banks are con-
cerned. A purely metallic currency ia no part of the Indepen-
dent Treasury plan, as propeeed by the Administration, and
supported by its friends. In fine, with the exception of a very
small number, who are in favor of depositing the public money
specially in banks, the question at issue between us, and those
who favor a deposite in the banks, may be stated thus: Thot
wish to have the public money deposited in banks, not to be
kept by them, but to be lent out for private uses. Ws are
opposed to lending out the public money Jor private usee;
and, effectually to prevent it, are in favor of having it kept
byp ublic officers, under heavy bonds and securities not to use
it, or suffer it to be used for any private purpose whatsoever,
and to pay it out only in pursuance of appropriations made by
law, as prescribed in the Constitution."
Mr. L. continued: It will be recollected that
these banks are under the influence of their
own States, and it is not the design of this mea-
sure to interfere injuriously with Ithem. But if it
is to have any effect at all, it is to induce the
banks to discount and issue paper upon the
real basis on which they profess to issue it; that is
to say, gold and silver; and in this connection I
beg to read a passage from the message of the
President:"
"In a country so commercial as ours, banks in some form
will probably always exist; but this serves only to render h
the more incumbent on us. notwithstanding the discourage-
ments of the past, to strive in our respective stations to miti-
gate the evils they produce—to take from them, as rapidly aa
the obligations of public faith, and a careful consideration of
the immediate interests of the community will permit, the on*
just character of monopolies; to check, so far a  may b%
practicable by prudent legislation, those temptations of iffo.
rest, and those opportunities for their dangereus mdolrence,
which beset them on every side, and to confine theri strictly
to the performance of their paramount duty, that p\ aiding the
operations of commerce, rather than consulting their own ex .
elusive advantage. ,
Mr. L. continued: Another objection raised
aga;r¿ t .this bill is, that it contemplates one cur-
rency tot the people and another for the Go-
vernment,    1 would not have t referred to tais
