June, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
521
26th Cong.......1st Skss.
Independent Treasury—Mr.
Strong.
H. of Reps.
they embrace of the "unqualified disapprobation"
of that body upon the conduct of any Senator or
Representative, who shall act in opposition to them,
is entirely inconsistent wuh such an id^a. It is an
interference with that frefdam of ihoughi and
judgment and action which belongs to a person to
whom mew advice is given, or of whom a simple
request is made. It appears to imply an assump-
tion of right to control the conduct of both Sena-
tors and Representatives. It would seem to elsim
the entire surrender of their discretion. Nothing
short of conforming their acts and votes to the
views expressed in the resolutions, can save their
conduct from the penalty denounced.
Farther search, then, must be made to ascertain
their true character. But I shall not pursue the
examination. I shall leave it to those who
may be more curious en the subject than my-
self. The remarks I have made are sufficient to
show that the resolutions are as 1 have charac-
terized them—anomalous; that they are entirely
novel in their form and combination. I can ac-
count for it only from the fact that a majority
of the Legislature is composed politically of the
most opposite, discordant, and heterogeneous ma-
terials^—
"Black spirits and white—
Blue spirits and grey;*'
or from a desire on their part to have them Janus-
faced—susceptible of two constructions—one
which might drive from the Senate a distin-
guished Senator; another which might be ap-
plied in future time te prevent the resolutions
operating against them.
A few word? more, Mr. Chairman, in reference
to the threat contained in the resolution". Sir, as
one of those for whom it was intended, I have to
say, that, for me, it has no terrors. Denying au-
thority in the Legislature to direct my official con-
duct, admitting no accountability to that body for
the manner in which I di. charge my duties here,
I do not regard it. It can exert no influencs ever
my representative course. I trust I am, and shall,
at all times be, actuated in that course by diffe-
rent and higher motives than a regard to the appro-
bation or disapprobation of a body to whose juris-
diction I am not subject. I shall consult the wishes
of the electors of my district—my constituents—
those who have a right to instruct me, and be
governed by them so far as I understand them.
Their wishes in regard to the measure against
which these resolutions are directed, are" known
to me. They were declared in my election, and
they remain unchanged. They are directly the
reverse of what is asserted in the resolution .
In the very act of my election, I was instructed
to support the Independent Tieasury bill, and those
instructions have not b"en modified or recalled. I
am happy that my own feelings and opinions ac-
cord with those instructions. I shall take pride in
voting for that bill. I shall regard it as a proud
honor to give my vote as a member of this
body in favor of that great measure of reform.
Let the threat be executed. Let legislative cen-
sure be bestowed upon me in the most formal and
, imposing manner, I shall have the consciousness
,of having done what I believed to be my duty—of
having obeyed fhe will of my constituents. They,
sir, will do me justice.
There is another consideration, Mr. Chair-
man, calculated to prevent that threat from
inspiring any particular alarm. Unless I mis-
take the signs of the times, those from whom
it emanated—I refer to the Federal majority in the
Legislature—are distin*d soon to find themselves
visited with a "disapprobation" altogether more
potent and fearful than that which they hold up in
these resolutions. Their conduct the past winter
the "fantastic tricks" which they, giddy and intoxi-
cated with power, have played off, are now under
review by their masters, the people of the Empire
State, and undergoing a severe and careful scru-
tiny. Already murmurs of dissatisfaction are heard
giving warning as to the sentence. "Thou art
weighed in the balance and found wanting," I
venture to predict, will, in November next, fall
npon their astonished ears—their "little brief au-
thority" will then be taken from them, and their
disapprobation rendered impotent to harm.
Still another reason exis's,  sir, why  I can look
upon th'S threat without apptehension.    Since the
commencement of the present se^i in of Congress,
I, and  severa'of my colleagues, have, in our re-
presentative capacity, already been formally cen-
sured by thoie from whom it proceeded.    And,
sir, fe what?   For having given our votes for a
measure adopted by this House upon the motion
of one of their political fnends-, and by the aid of
the votes of a large proportion of their political
friends in this body.    Now, sir, if our support  of
that measure was wrong, the support of it by their
political friends was equally  wrong.   If we were
deserving of censure, their political friends were
equally deserving of censure—both were governed
by the same principle, and by principle the course
of both must be judged.   And yet we see no cold-
ness, no estrangement  between them and those
friends—the most kind and friendly feelings in
relation to each other ex st on both s;des, and all
are now intimately  and harmoniously associated
in  a desperate and death like struggle for power,
and in support of one and the same candidate for
the highest office in the nation.   What other con-
clusion can be drawn, than that their censure was
insincere  and   hypocritical,  and   fulminated  for
political purposes?   And what was the obnoxious
measure?     It   was   the   incorporating   into   the
rales of   the Hou<*e of   a   provision that Abo-
lition petitions shall not be entertained—a provi-
sion in no respect conflicting with any part of the
Constitution—perfectly just in itself—and imperi-
ously demanded by a regard to the rights of a large
portion of the people—the peace of the country
and the safety and integrity of the Union.
[Here the Chairman remarked that it was not
in order to discuss that subject.]
Mr. S. said, I do not propose, sir, at this time,
to go into a defence of my vote for that measure,
but I will, with the permission of the Hoiue, read
an extract from an Opposition print in the city of
New York, pertinent to the subject, and presenting
some interesting views of the political associates of
that print, in relation to it. It is a mirror in which
many gentlemen may "see themselves as others
see them."
[Objection beinj; made, Mr. S. said he would
not press the request.
The extract propesed to be read is from an ar-
ticle in the New York Evening Star, of February
12, 1840, in relation to the resolutiens of censure
introduced into the New York Legislature by Mr.
John A. King, and is as follows:
Madame Roland, ■ when about to be guillotined by the
Jacobites in Paris, exclaimed, "Oh, Liberty, how many
crimes are commuted in thy name." Precisely is this
the case with political Abolitionists. Men who, during
the tate war with England, refused to raise a finger in
defence of their native land, or drive the invader from the soil
—who gloried in our defeats, and had conscientious scruples
about rejoicing for our victories, are suddenly converted into
Warm friends of liberty, and pour out lamentations for the
slavery of the colored iaee, are ready to trample on the Consti-
tution of their eountry in their fierce and new born zeal for li-
berty. How sincere they are, we will not waste a moment to
examine, knowing full well that the enemies of the South in
1798 and in 1812, are about the same persons who are now cry-
in? out for immediate emancipation.
They have got, however, a new hobby to ride; a new clap trap
to «rull the ignorant and keep up the excitement. The sacred
right of petition has been violated; and knowing full well that
the rishf of petition is one of that men of all parties will forever
maintain, they wilt pull the various cords, and run over the
strings to make it harmonize with their ultimate object. They
will offer resolution! of censure—they will shout the "North be-
trayed"—they will leave the blacks to their fate for a while to
harp upon the newly discovered note, "the sacred right of peti-
tion." What is a petition? A legal and proper request couched
in respectful fcwguage,and made by the people to their Represen-
tatives for the passage of special or general laws. These embrace
every subject connected with the right*of the citizen and the inte-
resVofthe country, and the reception of such petioos by Congress,
havejiever been, nor ever will be, refused or rejected. But we
ask, is'there not a class, or character of petitions, which should
not be presented or received by Congress? Assuredly |there are
many such of an offensive character—a hundred subjects mav
be named on which Congress might be memorialized, which
memorials could not be either received, read, or referred to any
committee. The Abolition pe'iaons, concerning which this
newmovernentismade,arenotpetiuonsatalI; theydonot par-
take of the legal character, or personal claims, or general inte-
rest, belonging toa lesitimate class of petitions. They are pa-
pers signed by individuals asking Congress in express terms
t« violate the Constitution which they have sworn to support.
They are papers which insult the loyalty of the members to
whom ihey are addressed; they ask Congress in effect to invade
the rights of the South as guarantied by the Constitution; they
ask Congress to sow the seeds of a servile war in the South; in
short, they, in effect, ask of Congress to dissolve the Union at
once These are Incendiai y, revolutionary documents, thrown
into Congress to effect an illegal purpose, and not petitions of a
just, legal or national character; therefore, Congress, in re-
fu-nii to íeceive them, do not even remotely  invade the sacred
light of puitiun
Political Abolition and polrtic.il Antima=onry will c< nsolidate
to firm ihe nucleus ol a party to govern the country. Piety
and fanaticism mi  pit-tch up Abolition—Peter the Hermit
may spun" up on all ¡,idc  loi crusaders in favor of the South-
eia si ucs, who ar mire happy and comfortable than thou
sands of tree Africans .,i the JNorlh—but political power will be
the end of all their actions.
Ev Pusident Adrtin , \h i is dead in favor of receiving Aboli-
tion petition", an Mead against Abolition i'«elf—who ducks with
one hand, and rub  dry with the other, in a recent letter makes
the followiiigrmiailis.
"My .nr«'MM>u;y anticipation* of the futmehive been, that
slaveiy will fii«t effect a disolución of the Union, and that, asa
natural con-equenceofth.it event, trorwill abolish slavery, and
terminate in a mongiel bleed ol half blood European and Afri-
can race—a mulatto nation, wlvrh wi'l caver the Southern half
of this country from Nonh Uamlini to Metico "
A beautiful picture ol the future f«r Abolitionists to contem-
pl M—division of th° Un <m to begin with, an "vent deplora-
ble toe\erv fuend 01 I lberty Unoughout the world-the anmhi-
la''onof freeaovernment, i id flu downfall of the la=t of the Re-
publics, and yet as certain to happen as the sun n-es, unless
Abolition is put down, and put down by the ftionu hand of Ihe
North itse'f Then ,ril>—the Tvorth aiamst the Sauth—then a
Servile war, in which the North arm3 the Southern slaves to
destroy their masters and finally the triumph o a black or mu-
latto Government, like the ile-p itism ol Ilayn
These ,iietheloiebrilin<'sol vir Adams, a thin ung man, too,
Which he. shadows out loi the fii'ure as the frui'3 of Abolition.
Let the North ponder on it <enou,ly, d"eply, li'-e men, honest
men, not fanatics, and the) will =in di-p ise i I the incendiary
resolutions offered in the Assembly by John A  Kins.
Mr. S. would add: The "memdiarv resolutions"
were soon disposed of, but in a manner very dif-
ferent from that indicated in this extract. "Politi-
cal Abolition and political Jlntimasonry" it seems,
did "consolidate," and having framed the resolutions
to suit their purpose, forced them through both
branches of the Legislature. The censure design-
ed to be conveyed, however, has fallen pointless
and harmless at our feet, and there is no reason to
apprehend any thing more serious from any "disap-
probation" which they may bestow upon us here-
after for any act in the honest discharge of our offi-
cial trusts.
If it shall be said that some of the Democrats of
the New York Legislature voted for the "incendi-
ary resolutions," the following confession of a
"Whig" member of the Legislature, a correspon-
dent of the New York Evening Star, will explain
the reason:
"Albany, Feb. 7,1840.
"I voted for the Abolition resolutions, as you call them; and
the fact is, our Whig leader in the Assembly, Mr. John A.
King' left me do alternative. His resolutions, concoeted by
the worthy trio here, were the essence of cunning and trick-
ery, one part was in favor ol the right of petition, and the
other in favor of receiving Ahohliov petitions; they would al
low of no division, and we had to swallow the whole. An
honest, patriotic, and straightforward politician, who felt that
the right of petition, and a most sacred light it is, was vio-
lated, would have offered a resolution defending that right
alone, without mixing it with any other matter, and it would
have pasted unanimously, but, is an unfair and unmanly
manner, they endorsed the Abolitionists in the same resolu-
tion that they sustained the right of petition, and then presented
the dose, aU or nothing; and those few who resisted were ga-
zetted as traitors in the State paper We cannot get on with
this kind of legislation, and there will be a flare-up shortly, or
othermen must take the lead."]
Mr. S. resumed. In regard to the objections to
the Independent Treasury bill, specified in the re-
solutions in question, I have to say, Mr. Chairman,
that they are not new—that they are the common
objections made to the measure by Federal prints
and Federal electionee'rera throughout the country.
I do not propose to gainto a minute and extended
examination of them, but will content myself with
submitting a few general remarks in relation to
each. Some of them I regret to see treated with
the respect they are, by allowing them a place in
the resolutions "One currency for the Govern-
ment, and another and a different currency for the
people," which it is alleged this bill would establish
practically, is in the natore of things impossible.
The people in this country are their own gover-
nors—trnsy govern themselves; all the institutions
and laws of the country are founded on their will,
and are under their control. They carry «n the
operations of Government through their agents or
servants, who are themselves part of the people, and
accountable to the people for iheir conduct.
The selection of an individual as a ser-
vant or agent does not separate him from
the people, but he remains one of them
as before. Whatever provision is made or
measure adopted in respect to the Govern-
ment, is made or adopted for the people. It is im-
possible, therefore, to make such a distinction as the
objection implies, while the people continue free.
The idea of such a distinction can only exist in the
