528
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, ii4o.
afirH Cono.......1st Skis.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Strong.
H. of Repg.
minds of those deeply imbned with the sentiments of
Hamilton and the oíd Federal party—who believed
that toe British Government formed the best model
the world ever produced—that all communities di-
vide themselves into the few and the many—the first
are the rich and the well-born, the others the mass
of the people—that there should be an aristocracy
to control the democracy, and that a National Bank
was desirable as a "political machine."   It was to
the prevalence of such sentiments among the ma-
jority of the Legislature, I fear, that the introduc-
tion of the objection I am now noticing is to be at-
tributed.   Again, sir: the currency to which this bill
looks, is the currency of the Constitution.   Ought
not that not to be the currency in the moneyed trans-
actions of the Government   Is it wise and patriotic
in the opponents of this bill to object that it requires
the use of the constitutional currency in such trans-
actions?   Are they in favor of the collection and
disbursement of the revenue in an inferior, currency?
Do they not, by making the objection, admit that
the paper currency which prevails among the peo-
ple in their ordinary business operations, is inferior?
And would they not evince a more enlightened and
lofty patriotism by coming forward and aiding us
here and in the States to improve this inferior cur-
ency—to bring it up as nearly as may be to ihe
constitutional standard?   Another sufficient answer
to the objection is to be found in the fact, that the
revenues of the Government must, under the ope-
ration of the bill, be paid out among the people in
the same cuirency in which they are received, and
that so far as the bill interferes with the currency it
establishes ihe same for all.
But the measure is alarming, as being an "waned
experiment on the finances of the country."   With-
out stopping to comment on the ¿ingular fact that
this objection is made by the friends of an Adminis-
tration that bat a short time since recommended an
"untried" experiment on the finances of the State
of New York, by the creation of a debt of $40,000,-
000 for internal improvements, I would asir, if they
are opposed to an "imlried" experiment for ihe col-
lection, safekeeping, transfer, and disbursement of
the public revenue, what measure are they in favor
of for that parpóse ?   Are they in favor of the (tied
experiment of making use of the State banks, and
the introduction of an irredeemable shinplaster cur-
rency into the moneyed operations   of the Go-
vernment?    Would    they   make   use   of    the
State    banks    in    their    present    sickly   and'
distressed   condition,   even    as    a     " half-way
house," to another measure?   Are they in favor
of the tried experiment of a National Bank—an
institution which Mr. Jefferson characterized, (and
experience has proved very justly,) as of the most
deadly hostility to the Constitution and liberty.
Ay, that is the Federal panacea for the financial
disorders of the country.   To such an institution
is their attention directed.   It is one great end and
aim of their exertions.   Indications to this effect
aie often furnished by their public prints.   They
are also frequently discovered in this Hall.    In
March last,   resolutions   were   presented  to the
Hoose by an honorable gentleman from the State
of Kentucky, standing high  in   the Opposition
ranks, [Mr. Pope,] declaring "that it is necessary
and proper to establish a National Bank, with a
capital of seventy millions of dollars," &c.    One
of the gentlemen from Connecticut, who addressed
the House a few days since, [Mr. Bkockway,] un-
dertook to show that a National Bank  might  be
created under the Constitution.   The gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. White,] in his speech on
Friday last, If I nnderstood him correctly, ex-
pressed the opinion that the people would soon call
for such an institution.   These and other similar
indications, plainly show that a National Bank is
one grand object of the effort? of the Opposition.
Give that party the ascendancy in the   nation,
and depend upon it a fifty million or   seventy
million monster   would immediately be saddled
upon the people.   Once established, and it would
be found useful, and be used as a "political ma-
chine-,'" and then, without the miraculous interpo-
sition of Providence, we might bid farewell to
American liberty.    A gigantic  moneyed power
would be "lord of the ascendant."
Not less unsound and ■nfounded, so far as any
injurious.efTuct is concerned, is the objection, that
"requiring specie alone in the payment of all debts
to the Government," will enable it ''thereby to
control and destroy the currency created by the
States." The utmost influence such a requisition
can exert upon the currency of the States, will be
to check, to some extent, overaction; it cannot be
made to destroy that currency, nor any farther to
control it. So far as it will exert such an influence
—so far as it will restrain extravagant expansions,
which, by ministering to a spirit of speculation and
wild extravagance, are full of evil to the country—
it will be beneficial. I wish that a greater effect
might be expected from it in this particular—that
it might be looked to as an effectual preventive of
excessive paper issues—I should, if possible, be
still more strongly in favor of it.
The objection that the specie clause will enable
the Government, " by the withdrawal and hoarding
of millions of gold and silver to affect injuriously
alt our branches of industry, and to take from the
farmer, the merchant, and the mechanic, the value
of his products, and the price of his labor," is very
readily answerel. In the first place, the measure,
of which this clause forms a part, contemplates
that the revenues of the Government s-hall be ar-
ranged on a scale as nearly as may be to the wants
of the Government economically administered,
leaving no surplus to "withdiaw" or "hoard." In
the next place, the amount of revenue will at all
times be under the control of the people, through
their Representatives in Congress. Again: " all
our branches of industry " will be more benefited,
and the interest of " the farmer, the merchant, and
the mechanic " better promoted by this measure
than under any " tried " system of finance. It is,
in fact, particularly calculated to benefit the indus-
try of the country, and the laboring classes, and in
that respect differs widely from the " tried " bank
systems, which were particularly calculated to be-
nefit speculators and all who, too indolent or too
proud to labor, sought " to get a living by their
wits," to the injury of the working portion of socie-
ty. Stability and uniformity are essential to the
interests of the laboring man, and to the prosperity
of regular business, and upon these the Independent
Treasury system will exert a favorable influence.
The iniuence of the bank systems was directly the
reverse. Fluctuation and change in the business
operations of the country, and a host of consequent
evils, were their legitimate fruits.
There is no ground for the opinion that this mea-
sure will " augment and establish, to a most dan-
gerous extent, the patronage and influence of the
General Government." The only increase of pa-
tronage it will produce, will be the power of the
President to nominate, and, by and wiih the advice
and consent of the Senate, appoint, four officers,
to be denominated receivers general of public mo-
ney, to be located, one at New York, one at Bos-
ton, one at Charleston, and the other at St.' Louis,
and the only influence of any moment it will con-
fer, will be that arising from this patronage. These
officers are to give adequate security for the per-
formance ef their duties in regard to the public
moneys, and to have no power to loan.or use a
dollar of them. Who can discover any danger in
this patronage and influence? What comparison
will the system bear in this respect to the " tried "
bank systems, which allowed of the use of the pub-
lic funds, and under which the General Govern-
ment possessed as great control over those funds
as this proposes to confer upon it. Sir, it is cal-
culated to diminish the patronage and influence of
the Government, and this is one of its leading re-
commendations. The pretence that the reverse
would be the case, is sheer humbug.
Equally groundless is all alarm at the "control
over the public treasure," which, it is said, this
measure will allow the Executive. In this respect
it will introduce no change. This treasure will be,
as it now is, under the entire control of Congress.
No portien of it can be drawn from the Treasury,
without an appropriation by law. Congress must
give the authority before a dollar can be paid out,
either to the President or any other officer or indi-
vidual, for any purpose whatever. The idea that
the whole revenue of the country will, by the pro-
visions of this bill, be subject to the control of the
Executive, which it has been attempted by the op.
ponents of the measure to produce, is a mere bus-
bear; and I regret that it should have frightened the
dominant party in the Legislature of ray State.
The assertion in the resolutions that the pro-
posed Independent Treasury system has been
"thrice directly submitted to the people of the Sta'e
of New York, and by them as often rejected, and
entirely repudiated," is, in my judgment, clearly
erroneous. The Federal party there has not dared,
at any eledion since the measure was brought for-
ward, to re<t itself mainly upon the ground of hos-
tility to it, but has each time mingled with it other
matters, by which means a full and fair expression
in relation to it has been prevented. While those
who supported the Administration might fairly be
regarded as in favor of it—it being the great and
leading measure of the Administration—numbers
doubtless voted with the Opposition upon other
grounds than hostility to it. I do not doubt that a
majority of the people of the Empire State are in
favor of the project. There, as elsewhere, it has
been steadily gaining ground ever since it was pre-
sented for consideration. But if it were true that
the people of that State have thrice rejected and en-
tirely repudiated the measure, with what propriety
could the Federal party object on that account to a
continued recommendation and support of it, while
they are seeking, in opposition to the oft repealed
expression of the will of the people, the establish-
ment of a National Bank, and to give ascendency
to the doctrine of a latitudinous construction of the
Constitution, and other kindred Federal doctrines?
I will now, Mr. Chairman, advert very briefly to
a few affirmative considerations, which have com-
mended the Independent Treasury bill to my ap-
probation.
The first which I will mention is, that the sys-
tem it proposes is authorized by the Constitution.
Upon this point, no doubt can be entertained.
This I regard as no ordinary merit, in view of the
National Bank system, for the administration of
the finances, which has prevailed in times past,
and which is the only alternative to the one now
proposed—a system which I hold to be entirely un-
warranted by the Constitution—which Congress
has not, and never had, the power to establish. I
shall not enlarge upon this topic, it having been
fully discussed before the country of late years, and
will only remark further in relation to it, that an
adherence to our great charter is indispensable to
the perpetuity ©f our liberties. It is highly desira-
ble also to avoid, as far as possible, all legislation
of a questionable authority under it.
Another recommendation of the bill is, that it
provides for more full and adequate security of the
public moneys than has been required under any
former system, or than any system allowing of the
use of the public treasure would admit of—a secu-
rity which, aided by a law such as is proposed by
the bill from the Senate, "more effectually tose-
cure public money in the hands of officers and
agents of the Government, and to punish public de-
faulters," which the friends of the Independent
Treasury system desire to have in operation in con-
nection with it, would, it is believed, be as full and
effectual as it is possible to devise. Under such
safeguards, no Swartwout defalcations could ba
committed, and few, if any, losses of the public
moneys would occur. Those moneys would be
safely kept and sacredly appropriated.
Again: the plan it embraces is simple, free from
the complicated machinery of the bank system ,
easy of comprehension, and, in these respects, well
suited to a Republican Government. In such a
Government, simplicity should be studied in legis-
lation; every measure should be made plain to the
understandings of the people. This consideration
is especially entitled to weight in framing a system
for the collection, safekeeping, transfer, and dis-
bursement of the revenues of the country. That
system, above all others, should be such that the
people may easily undeistand it, and readily per-
ceive its operation. It is important in order to the
correction of any errors in it which may exist, and
to the detection of abuses in its administration. I
regard it as an important circumstance in favor of
the plan now proposed, that it possesses all requi
site plainness.
