386
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcE.
26th Cong""1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Williams.
June, 1840.
H. of Repg.
millions and a half. Even including the extraordinailes of that
y«ar, and the aggregate was but seventeen millions and a
half! Any so it will be again. As soon as we are done paying
the Treasury notes, which are issued in lieu of our misplaced
revenue, and so soon as our Indian troubles are over, and the
payments completed for removal oflndians, and purchase of
their lands, the aggregate expenditures will come down to about
what they were in 1835; arid the ordinary expenses will be
within fifteen millions.
Mr. B. demanded who ever deemed it an expense of the Go-
vernment, when Mr. Jefferson purchased I^ouisiana at fifteen
millions of dollars! And who could think of charging as an ex-
pense the large sums which had been lately paid in extinguish-
ing Indian titles, and in removing Indians! One would as soon
think of charging, among the expenses of a family, the outlay
which should be made by a prudent and thrifty farmer in pur-
chasing additional land,and in inclosing it with fences,or covering
it with improvements. The extinction of the Indian titles—the ac-
quisition of their lands for settlement and cultivation; and the re-
moval of the Indians themselves from all the States, was one of
the great measures which illustrated Gen. Jackson's adminis-
tration, aad was beneficial both to the Indians and to the States.
So great an object could not be effected without a larae expen-
diture of money; and who is there now to stand up and condemn
the Administration for this expenditure? Who wants these In-
dians back) Who wants Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, and
all the other States, again encumbered with the Indians which
have left them!
That the expenses of the Government had increased In the
last twelve or fifteen years, Mr. B. said was just as certatnly true
as it was naturally to have been expected. The country itself
had increased in that time: several new States had been admit-
ted into the Union, and several new Territories had been created.
An additional impetus had been given to the public defences, in
the increase of the army and navy—wars with several Indian
tribes had intervened -vast purchases of Indian lands had been
effected—whole tribes, nay, whole nations oflndians had been
Temoved,and removed to a vast distance, and at a vast expense.
This latter expenditure was chiefly lor the benefit of the South
and West; but where is the man in any quarterof the Union that
caa stand up and condemn ill
Sir, I admit an increased expenditure; and, far from conceal-
ing, 1 exhibit and proclaim it. I display the items; they are
spread out in the statements now under discussion; I point
them out to the country. Isay they will be found) principally, in
the navy—in the army—in the Indian department—in the pen-
sions—in the light house establishment—in Indian wars—in the
defence of the frontiers, North and West—in fortifications—in
preparing arms and munitions of war—in the legislative de-
partment—in permanent and durable fire proof public build-
ings—and in assuming the foreign debt, and making other ex
penditures for the District of Columbia. In these branches of
the service will the increases be principally found, and I sup-
ported them all except the increase for pensions, harbors, some
of the light-houses, and the book printing part of the legislative
expenses. I supported all except these: but the gantlemen of
the Opposition supported all that I did, and these besides; and
now go forth to raise a cry of extravagance!
Mr. B. said the Opposition not only voted for these increased
expenditures, but in some instances greatly augmented them.
This was the case in the Indian expenditures, and especially
among the Cherokees. The Opposition set themselves up for
the guardians of these Indians: they seemed to make political
alliance with them. The Indians became parties to our poli-
tics: the Oppositionbecame allies to them; and the result was
'cjouMe trouble, and double expense, and double delays, and
oouble vexation of every kind with those Indians; until it re-
quired a military force to compel them to comply with treaties
which gave them millions more than they ougbt to have re-
ceived I
The Opposition not only voted for all the increases, and
caused some of them to be augmented, but they attempted many
enormous expenditures which the Democratic members op posed
and prevented. Let any one look to the bills which were re-
jected, either in the Senate or in tlie House of Representatives;
let any look to the number of these bills, and the tens of millions,
in the aggregate, with which they were freighted, and then say
what the expenses would have been if the Opposition had been
in power. One ef these bills alone, the French spoliation bill,
was for Ave millions of dollars; others were for vast sums, espe-
cially the harbor bills. They were rejected by the votes of
Democratic members; and if they had not been—if they had
passed—they would have swelled the thirty-seven to near fifty
millions; and would have been charged upon as a reckless,
wasteful, horrible extravagance.
Mr. B. said that the financial statements Were a difficult sub-
ject to handle—hard for a speaker td understand himself, and
harder still to make himself be understood by others.   It was a
point at which the most unfounded impressions might be made
on the public mind—on which the greatest errors might be pro-
pagated.   Yet it was a point on which correct information
should be disseminated—on which eveiy citizen should be in-
formed—which every one should make it his business to under-
stand.   Eevnomy should be the cardinal virtue of a free Go-
vernment, and the whole body of the citizens should be the
guardians of that virtue.   They   should guard the national
finances; and for that purpose should understand them.   They
should know how much money was raised, for what purpose,
and how expended.   They could not be too jealous of the mis-
application of the public moneys; they could not scrutinize too
closely the public accounts.   Those accounts could not be too
often presented to them, nor in a form too simple and obvious.
It has been my endeavor, said Mr. B. both in calling for the
statements which had just come in from the Treasury, and in
what I have said upon them, to present the difficult subject of
our finances in a plain, obvious, and intelligible form.   My ob-
ject has been to elucidate, and not to mystily; to enlighten, ana
not to confuse.   I have endeavored to present a full, plain,
authentic statement of the public expenditures; such as every
citizen can see and comprehend.   Our adversaries present an
aggregate; rush at the passions, and endeavor to alarm, or to
enrage the people.   1 present the particulars and ask for their
deliberate judgment.   Sir, I have confidence I n the capacity of
my countrymen. I have confidence in their capacity for self go-
vernment; in their moral and intellectual capacity for governing
themselves—fer sustaining and carrying en the frame ofGovern-
ment which our ancestors provided for us.   I believe that my
fellow citizens possess the requisite qualities for self-government
—judgment to understand—virtue to choose—and patriotism to
sustain—the'princi pies and the measures which are best for them-
selves.  I do not believe in the monarchist idea, that the peo-
ple are ignorant, venal, factious; that they have no enlighted
views of men or measures; that reason, truth and sound argu-
ment, are lost upon them, as pearls thrown to the swine; that
the only way to govern them is to bamboozle and debauch
them. I believe in none of these monarchial opinions, and
have never practised upon them. 1 have never addressed my-
self to the supposed ignorance, venality, faction, or caprice of
my countrymen, but always to their intelligence, virtue and pa-
triotism. The argumentum ad ignorantiam has had no place
in my speeches: the argumentum ad judicium has been my
aim. I cinnotsay that 1 have spoken withjudgment, but I can
affirm that I huve always paid my countrymen the compli-
ment of speaking to their accredited judgment—never to their
supposed folly. I have spoken to the rational minds, to the vir-
tuous hearts, and to the lofty, generous and patriotic feelings of
my countrymen; and I am too well content with the effect
which this plan of speaking has had, to change it now. Facts;
and reasons, are my materials—simplicity my stylo. Away
with exordium—away with peroration—away with holyday
phrases—away with theatrical display—away with all figures,
but figures of arithmetic; and of these I give many, and never
more than in this shdrt speech. This has been my plan of
speaking, and this it is now. I hate procured plain statements
to be made out, and have delivered a plain speech upon them.
I have endeavored to make myself intelligible on a subject in
which intelligibility is somewhat difficult—on which it is easy
for the speaker to get both himself and his hearers into a fog.
I have aimed at perspicuity, and flatter myself that I have been
understood. I wish the country to judge the expenditures of
the Government—the particulars as well as the aggregate—and
therefore place the whole before the public. Our adversaries
attack the aggregate: Let thern examine the particulars, and
name the one to which they object, and for which they did not
vote!
Mr. B. then appealed to Senators of the Democratic party to
name the number of extra copies of the report which they
would propose to print, professing himself ready to agree to
anv number that Was satisfactory to his friends
Mr. Hubbard proposed thirty thousand.
Mr. BENTON acccepted the proposition, and moved that
thirty thousand extra copies of the report be printed for the
use of the Senate.
- The question being then on printing thirty thousand extra
copies of the report, it was agreed to—yeas 22, nays 14, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, Brown, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, Hubbard, King,
Lumpkin, Nicholas, No veil, Pierce, Roane, Robinson, Se-
vier, Sturgeon, Wall, WilliamB, and Wright—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Davis, Dixon,
Henderson, Knight, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Ruggles, South-
ard, Tallmadge, Webster and White—14.
APPENDIX,
Showing the items on which the ¡permanent expenditures
have increased—the amounts of the increase—and the reasons
of the increase.
Table 1.
In 1824, itwil be seen that the aggregate expenditures for ordi-
nary and permanent purposes amounted to the sum of $7,107,
892 05.
In 1838 they amounted to «13,837,59444.
Making a difference against the year 1838, of «8,729,702 39.
He would now endeavor to show some of the items of ex-
penditure which went to make up that difference:
Increase of expenditures in 1838 beyond the expenditures
under saine heads in 1824.
Legislature,   ......
Executive Departments,       ....
Surveyors and clerks            •
Expenses of mints, exclusive of buildings.
Governments in the Territories of the United States,
Judiciary,      ......
Support and maintenance of light-houses,
Surveys of public lands,       ....
Marine hospital establishment,
Pay, subsistence, forage, Quartermaster's depart- -
meht, Medical department, and contingencies of-
the army,             ....
Purchasing department, (clothing, Ax )   -
Military Academy, West Point,   •
Expenses ofarsenals,         ....
Ordanance department, including gunpowder,   -
cannon balls, <fcc. -            -          -           -          •
Pay, subsistence, provisions, and medicines for
the navy,              .....
Ordnance for the navy,      .           .           -          -
Repairs of vessels,              ....
Contingencies of the navy, •
Marine corps,            .           .           .           -          -
«685,000
383,000
42,000
20,000
*  60,000
169,000
147,000
17,000
74,000
1,474,000
384,000
125,000
194,000
260,000
1,406,000
46 000
819,000
242,000
81,000
«6,628,000
Table 2.
The following table is an exhibit of the permanent expenses
of the Government  on   some leading   items, in   the years
1824 and 1839, with a brief statement of some of the reasons for
the difference:
Items of expenditure.       1824.        1838.            Remarks.
Legislative.
Pay of  Senate  and________
House       -           -   «508,241    «68^,218    The  increase  of
Contingencies of both       86,000     501,783 population had been
Printing        •           •       44,730      136,181 about 70 per cent.
TwonewStates,two
Territories, four Se-
nators, twenty Re-
presentatives, long-
er sessions, more
business, and more
printing required.
SalariMandAeiiiens8!     209,442     378,873    More  Judges of
the Supreme Court,
more district judges,
marshals, attorneys,
more courts, more
jurors, more busi-
ness, more wealth,
and more suits.
Light boats  and
light-houses.
In 1824, 102; i  1838,
248 -
Canada disturban
oes.
Protection of North-
ern frontier
Private billa •
Payments to custom-
house officers from
Treasury •
121,498 301,035 Owing to increase
in the number of e*.
tablishments.
439 000
153,126     22§|759    Nearly double In
amount on account
of increase of busi-
nesB and population
190,354 Rendered necessa-
ry in consequence of
the tariff ot 1833, to
make their compen-
sation equal to what
it was prior to the
Naw Department.                                    passage of that act.
NAvy pay and subsis-
tence          •           •   1,122,284   2,166,240   Fiftypercent.ro-
Provision      '           •      312,400     631,408 crease in number of
officers and seamen;
pay increased twen-
ty per cent, on ser-
vice.
Repairs and building
vessels                   -     404,151   1,490,128   More ships in com.
contingencies           -      132,721     494,120 mission, new squad,
ron to India, more
'                                                                      repairs,     building
steam vessels, and
War Department.                                     others.
Army pay, subistencc                                                  *
and forage •           ■   1,400,824   2,559,757   Army increased in
Clothing       -          -      168,738     595,003 number, and pay in-
Ordnance      •          •       50,514     263.178 creased,  rations 20
Military academy     -       25,438     207,137 percent, higher.and
also clothing 20 per
cent, increase; regi-
ment of   dragoons
added for frontier;
and Indian Bureau
added.
KSr-Both the above tables apply to the permanent expendi-
tures of the Government, and explain  the reason why they
have increased to thirteen and a half millions.    The extra'
ordinary expenditures, which swelled the amount to thirty-
eight millions, are detailed, item, by item, in the body of Mr.
Bentoh's speech.
SPEECH OF MR. WILLIAMS,
OF MASSACHUSETTS.
In the House of Representatives, June 4, 1840—In
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on the bill "to provide for the collection,
safekeeping, transfer, and disbursement of th«
publ'c revenue *'
Mr. Chairman: I rise to make a few remarks
in reply t$ those which have been urged against
the passage of the bill now under consideration. In
doing so, it is not my intention to traverse over
the whole subject, but to meet a few prominent
objections \fy unvarnished arguments, and a plain
array of f|c s.
The diatussien of this bill, sir, was commenced,
and hasiseen followed up, by a denunciation of it
as an Efecutive and aristocratic measure. That
it has befen recommended by the President, is con-
ceded; but does it thence follow that it is an aristo-
cratic measure? What does it propose? In the
first place, to dispense with the use of banks in the
collection, safekeeping, and disbursement of the
public revenue, and for these purposes to employ
responsible officers, appointed by the President,
with the advice and consent of the Senate; second 
ly, to require the revenue to be deposited in the
Treasury, or its branches, prohibiting any use or
loan of it, except in the legal disbursements of Go-
vernment, under severe penalties of fine and im-
prisonment; and thirdly, to require, in the course of
three years, all dues to be received, and all dis-
bursements to be made, in gold and silver. These
are the main provisions of the bill.
In opposition to this, I understand gentlemen to
advocate the employment of banking institutions—
irresponsible privileged associations—with power
to use the public revenue as a fund on which to
make loans and discounts for the benefit of their
officers, stockholders, and customers.
These, sir, are the two propositions now at issue;
and it must be manifest that they involve great
and fundamental principles of Government. The
question between them is not a mere choice of
measures under one and the same theo of Oh.
vernment; but they present, or necessarily involve,
two opposite theories—antagonistical principles of
Government. The one is founded in a distrust of
the people; the other in faith and the capacity of
the people for self-government,   They distinctly
