June, 1840.
£6th Cong...«Ist Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
529
Independent Treasury—Mr. Williams.
H. oí Reps.
system? If opposition to it, then, makes any of
the tnends of the Administrad in the enemies ot
the laborer, mus' not the opposition of Mr. Tyler
make him equally *o? Tnere is no e^ape Irom
the conclusion; and .he opponents of the bill mait
either acino vledse the inference which they have
drawn unwarr ! e !, or stand before the country
guilty of the tocón istencv oí denouncing the oppo
neat  of the banking system as h «tile to laborers,
wnile they have presented and are urging the elec-
tion of an equally strong opponent, as par excel-
lence, the friend of the laborer. To Uus a'ternative
they are brought, and they may take either horn of
the dilemma thev choose.
Nor is opposition to our banking system peculiar
to Mr Tyler himself. The Richmond Whig, the
organ of the Opposition in Virginia, in alluding in
a late number to the necessity of bank reform, has
the following paragraph, not only explicitly attri-
buting the crying evils of the day to banks, bat la-
menting their introduction into the country in as
strong language as those whose opposition is held
np as an undisguised warfare upan labor and civili-
zation:
"Unhappy was the day for America, when banks were mtro
duced into the coumrv Speculation, debt, ruin, depravation
of morals, and mi«ery, have fallowed in their train Muüi ef the
improvement which they are said to have accomplished, we
believe 10 be no improvement at all, but if it be, improvement
prematurely attempted, and effected by the unnatural ezpan
•ton of the paper system, which, amn collating, as collapse
it always will, after such an expansion, has scattered destruc-
tion through the land "
Nor are theie doctrines peculu r to Virginia, but
were proclaimed by a recent Wh'g candidate for
the Presidency (Mr. Webster) in 1816, and reite-
rated in strong and glowing terms in 1832. Even
the Senator [Mr. Davis") who charges upon the
friends of the Administration a design to reduce the
rewards of labor, by infusing a greater amount of
specie into the currency, promulgated similar doc-
trines in his message as Governor of Massachusetts
in 1834, and affirmed m 1838 that experience had
confirmed him jn their correctness. Nor is this
all No longer ago thin last fall one of the organs
of the Opposi tion (the Boston Daily Advertiser)
published a «enes of essays, written by one of the
leading Whigs of New England, taking as strong
ground against our banking system, so far as it
bears upon labor, as the most radical Democrat.
The following is an extract from an essay pub-
lished in that paper in September last:
'■The currency of the country, instead of possessing that stea-
diness in value essential to the great interests of the nation, and
which is the characteristic of a metal currency, is, under its
present mana^eineut, subject to frequent and violent fluctúa
tions, equal in the course of a year to 10,15, or <0 per cent
causing a correspondí g variation in the value of property
Such changes aieextremely injurious to the operations of all re-
gular industry With a currency liable to such variations, no
tolerably correct calculations can be made for twelve, or even
for ax months to come, by the farmer, merchant, mechanic,
and manufacturer, of ttie value ol their products at the termina
tion of these periods Men of the greatest skill, ludusoy, and
ecooemv, in the management of their concerns, are constantly
defeated of their earnings, if not wholly ruined by these sudden
changes in the standard of value—c íanges v> hich are wholly be
yond the toresieht, it not the eompiehenMon, of the great mass
of the business community They neither understand the causes
of their sufTeriiiir, noi if they did, so long as they continued
in business, could they guard against them All tlie industri
uus classes suffer from such frequent and violent alternations
in the value of property, but the heaviest portion of it fills upon
that la^ge body of men who rely upon their limited and fixed
incomes derivable from fees, salaries, or upon monev invest-
ments in banks, and othei institution , and, aboveall, upon that
much more numerous class who depend upon manual labor—
upon their daily earning, for their daily bread The merchant
and manufacturer wilt find some compensation for his s>iare of
the evil  of a deranged cunency, by the enhanced profits inci
dent to trade, when" the currency is in a sute of expansion,
while the wealthy capitalist, who is out of the current of active
business, may proft* in his money investments, by the purchase
of the property of the disabled and distressed classes, at half its
ordinary value
"To the retired and laboring classes, then, we say, that an
une< lam, fijctuatmg currency, tending, as ours has been of
late, to exrest, is aa unmitigated evil—at least such it has
been in this country The effect of the undue expansion from
1834 to 183b, wien the bank issues were in creased from 95 to
186 million?!, and the liabilities from 171 to 341 millions, which
was the main, and the only effective cause of the commercial
revulsion and bank suspension in 1837 We repeat, the effect
of that over issue of paper, was to raise and to maintain the
prices of the necessaries of life from 20 to 30, and occasionally
60 per cent beyond what tbey would have been had our currency
been kept in a natural anil sound state Thus the cost of living was
enhanced perhaps one third, while the incomes and wages of the
Urge classes to which we have referred were, in a great de
gree. stationary This evil, too, is still existing, and will not
cease to exist, till by a futther contraction of our exuberant
currency, prices are brought to a more natural level—to that
level, in fact, on which the rewards of labor, and the mcom s
of invegied capital were based, when our currency wa  in its
ordinary souni state To place these classes on a level with
the «cure business portion of the community, who, from their
34
posiuon, can profit by the fluctuations of our currency, their
fees, wages and incomes shouU have been increased in a cor
responding ratio with the effect in the prices of the necessaries
of life c msequentupon an enlargement of the currency    No
such aiüjmrmatto i to the incomes and wages of the classes to
which we allude, wasever made, nor 11 there any probability
of its being done, because, in the first place, the sufferers, be
ing for the most part ignorant of the Hue causes of the in
creased expense of living, do not comprehend the reasonable
ness of demanding an increase of compensation proportionate
to the decreased value of monev, an 1 secondly, if such a de
mand was made, would it not be alleged that the derangement
of the   currency, being In its  nature tempoiary, an! liable,
theref ire, to a return to its former sound state, it would be in
expedient and uniustto make these ehanses in the prices ol
libor ind of professional services, which it would be just and
expedient to make in case of a permanent alteration in the
value of money- such, lor instance, as would arise from asud
den and considerable variation in the quantuies of the precious
metals existing in the commercial woiUT1   Such   we appie
hend, mthe case here imagined, would be the arguments em
ployed by the most powerful against the most poweiless por
tion of the community, to prevent their obtaining any aba e
ment for their loss in the decreased value of money csnsequent
upon an enlargementof the circulating medium
"Again not only are the less affluent and laboring classes
compelled to pay the increased prices for their provisions,
founded upon a superfluous currency, while their fees,salanes
and wages are based upon a lower scale of an undepreciated
current), but ate verv revulsion m business, they are liable to
be thro snout of their accustomed vocations, and dm en to
new ones for which they are less fitted, and someumes
wholly deprived of any employment '
The evils here described, with the derangement
of business and pnces, are explicitly declared to be
" the natural, if not the inevi able, fruits of a vi-
cious system of surrency; of a currency issued by
900 bank5;," which have the power, and exercise
it too, " of expanding the circulating medium to
any extent they deem proper, and, consequently, of
al'enng the value of property to a like extent "
And the opinion i«¡ expressed, that while the system
is continued, we shall have convulsions and revul-
sions at intervals of perhaps three or four years,
when "paper of un lefined valu*, or of no value,
may be used, if not legally, yet by force of public
opinion, stronger than the laws of the land, to dis
charge debts based upon com of a fixed value, to
the great d scouragement t f honest industry, in
utter disregard oí the rights of property, and of
those principies upon which our institutions are
bas^d."
Such, sir, was the language of a leading Whig
in a leading organ of the Opposition last fall.
Wh"re, then, was their holy horror of infusing
more specie into our circulating medium' Where,
then, was all the eloquence since manifested in
favor of high nominal wages? We heard nothing
of it then in Massachusetts. It slumbered, sir,
unul political power was seen departing from their
gra«p—until a desperate effort became necessary
to uphold a desperate and sinking cause. No po-
litical capital could then re made out of it. The
evils of our banking system were then proclaimed
from the high quarters of Whtgism, and in a pa-
per, too, which represents the commercial and manu-
facturing interests of New England. No fears
were then expressed at a reduction of currency
or prices; but, on the contrary, a reduction of both
was openly, boldly, and most strenuously recom-
mended, as necessary to the be.t interests of the
country, and the restora ion of business to a sound
and healthful state In an essay in that paper of
the 9th of October, the writer says:
"Our prices have been so high for the last twelve months
past, owing to our redundant currency, that there has hardly
been a moment when the products of our soil or our manufacto-
ries, would command in any foreign market so much as they
cost in the home one—one consequence of which has been, that
the best mode of payment for import cargoes was found in the
negotiating of bills on London, and for the reimbursement of
which we are now shipping a portion of our too scanty sup
plies of coin
'The extreme pnces of gram among us, were not owing to a
bad harvest—for seldom has the country been blessed with a
better one The unnatural price of nine dollars a barrel for
flour was caused, not by a scarcity of wheat, but by a super-
abundanceof currency—of bank notes—issued and loaned by
the banks in New York State, and other grain States—lor the
purpose of sustaining and enhancing the prices of gram 25 to
3V~ "boveahat they ought to have been, and whañhey would
I t.e been had our currency been in natuialand sound state
"Butit will bealleged thatourcurrency has since been in a
course oí «oi traction True, and pnces have felt the good ef
fectsofit, but they are still too high Even cotton, which is
looked upon with least favor as an article of commerce, can-
not be puithass 1 in the New York market, where most of the
stock is concentrated, nor in any other market, so low, with the
usual export charges to Europe, as the last Liverpool quota-
tions; while wheat, with a superabundant crop, and a large
surplus of the past season, is probably higher than in any of the
grain exporting countnesof Europe Thisis not all, the mo-
ment there is a s'isht improvement in the prices of co'lon
abroad, or even a faint prospect of a demand for flour and
wheat in England, he spirit of raefh speculation would revive
—prices advance beyond their already inflated rates, and pru-
dent men be prevented, as they were last year, from the free
exportation ot t lose staples "
"Again had the currency not been rtiitndant, prices of
foreign good* tcouldhave been Lwcr—the temptations to lm
port lessened, and thus the balance of foreign payments kept
down perhaps some U) 30 or 840 000,000 below what they are
at tins moment it is this foreign debt, this heavy balance
agunstus, ami which is constantly accruing, and probably
faster tlmn it is discharged, that has brought the exchanges
against the country and by the drains upon our coin caused
the banks to su Menh curtail their issues and their loans ana
thus created the heavy pressme on the money market, which
has deranged all operations of biHintss  '
'•lfthepiinripalpirtofour currency was coin, the parting
with five times the amount we have exported, or which wo
may hereafu r b  required to export, would cause tut a slight
v ination of prices "
In these txtracts, we have two important admis-
s ons. In the first place, what my colleague
charges upon the Administration as a mere matter
of inference—a reduciton of currency and prices—
is strongly recommended as the only true policy to
be pursues! by the banks and businessmen. Pr,c°x
are declared to be too high; and the opinion is sub
sequently expressed, that when the currency be-
comes "as contracted as it should be," the price
of flour "may fall io $5, and then we may go to
foreign markets, m competition with the graiti
growers of Europe, which we have not been able
to do for some five or «ix years pa>t—sometimes
by reason of a scant harvest, but more cornmoily
because our prices were unnaturally sustained by a
superabundant currency, in common with Ü,l prices
of cotton and most other staples This every im-
porting merchant will know to be true, from the
resul  of his operations "
After the promulgation of such sentimen's from
 u h a quarter, does it now become my colleague
to reproach the Administration with the design to
reduce the currency and prices? If there has been
a contráctil n, is not the evidence clear and full to
show that it was a measure strongly pressed up,un
the banks by his own political friend, and on , too,
who has been held up as a guide on the subject oí
currency'-
In the second place, we have the admission that
"had the currency not been redundant, prices of
foreign goods would hare been lower." And such
most obviously would have been the case. An in-
flation of our currency cheapens the whole mass,
and consequently requires more currency here,
though it may not materially affect prices abroad,
to measure out a given quantity of goods, whether
of foreign or domestic production. But suppose
our currency should be more contracted than it
has usually been, and suppose all things of foreign
production should retain their old priees, as con-
tended by my colleague, would it not then operate
in favor of those of domestic production? If my
colleague's object is to afford foreign goods to
our citizens at low prices, why does he advocate a
high tariff? Is it not to enhance the price of foreign
goods, and thereby encourage the growth and ma-
nufacture of our own? If this bill, then, as he ar-
gues, will have the same effect, why oppose it?
His objection on this head is evidently inconsis-
tent with his tariff doctrines, and, according to his
own theory, is therefore entitled to no weight.
Throughout the who'e discussion of this measure,
its opponents have seemed to take it for granted
that the interrst of labor is identical with that of
our banking system. Is such an assumption just
and well founded? Is it true that our paper cur-
rency is the one of all others the best calculated to
promote the well being of the laborer? Let us, sir,
bring t to the test of acknowledged principles, and
the results of experience.
What is the great office of a currency? To pay
debts—to settle balances. It is defined as the ma-
dial commodity by which the value of labur and
proppTty are measured and determined. If it is
unstable and fluctuating, such will be the s andard
of value and the character of business. Hence tta-
bility has been rightly considered by standard wri-
ters on political economy, as essential io "the pros-
perity of a country as fixed standards of «eights
and measures."
Now, does this important element of stability en-
ter into and characterize eur paper currency? Sir,
every body knows the contrary. The winds and
waves of ocean have not been more variable. In-
stead of possessing that stability which is necessary
to give steadiness ot value, it has varied wub, th«
