sm
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
«36th ConO""1st S«ss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Williams.
H. of Reps,
varying feeling* of the human breast. Pounded
upon confidence, it has ebbed and flowed as the
human mind has alternated I rom hope to tear. At
turns we have seen it so contracted as not to afford
the requisite lacilities for the opeiations of business,
while at other periods it has been so expanded as
to afford means for the wildest extravagance and
speculation. It has borne no uniform pioportion
either to the population, the specie, or the wealth
of the cour'ry.
In 1816 the amount of currency was $11 per
head of the whole population; $7 in 1819, $5 in
1830, $6 in 1834, |7 in 1835, $8 in 1836, and $10
in January, 1837.
la 1819, the amount of paper and specie in circu-
lation, was over seventy millions ot dollars; in 1820,
Jess than forty-eight millions. In 1833, the bank cir-
culation was sixty-five millions; in 1834, ntnety-four
millions; and in January, 1837, no less lhan one
hundred and forty-nine millions. From 1830 to
1837, there was an increase in the loans and dis-
counts of banks from two hundred to five hundred
and twenty-five millions; and the circulation from
sixty-one to one hundred and forty-nine millions;
mad in the deposites from thirty-five to one hun-
dred and twenty-seven milllions. Here was an
increase in the currency, in the short space of six
years, of over one hundred per cent, while the in-
crease in the wealth of the coaniry could not have
exceeded one quarter of that amount.
Much has been said aga nst the depression of a
sptcie standard; but what better do we have under
our present system  As it now is, our people
have to  uffer not only all the evils of an inflated
paper currency, but all the evils of a sudden con-
traction of such a currency to the specie standard.
Tilis is capable of demonstration. It results from
the very nature of our paper medium—from the
teat of iís convertibility.
"The constant tendency t f banks," says the late
president of the united States Bank, "is to lend
too much, and to pot too many notes in circula-
tion." But an expanded currency cannot long be
maintained. Each new issue cheapens the whole
mass, and causes an exportation of specie; first,
because it induces a riae of prices and large impor-
tations, and thereby creates a demand for specie to
pay for them; and secondly, because specie, like
4.ther commodities, will seek that market where it
i< most highly valued. Whenever, therefore, our
currency is increased beyond what is necess-ary to
do the business ot the country at prices about on a
confidence of an inflated paper currency, bnt of
that which would exist under a specie currency.
The revulsion not only brings down the paper cur-
rency to the test of specie, but through the loss of
confidence, actually depresses business below what
it would be under a specie currency.
par with those of other countries, specie will either
circulate at a premium, or be exported, as it can be
done, under such circumstances, with profit as a
mere article of merchandise.
Now is declared by the late pre«id nt of the
Unites Sates Bank, to be "the law of our curren-
cy, whenfrom superabundance too much coin leaves
the country, the remainder must be preserved by
diminishing the paper, so as to make it more va-
luable." And what is the consequence? With
contractions come failures. The usual accommo-
dations are withthheld; business is paralyzed; the
wheels of industry are arrested; and distrust and
despair and panic pervade the whole community.
There follows, then, not only the prostration of
We have had an illustration of this in the state
of our business and currency during the last win-
ter and spring. It appears from the retares of the
banks, that they cortailed their circulation from
#135,170,995, in January, 1839, to 106 968,572,
on the first of January last. This included the
returns from Mississippi, where their bills, I am
informed, were at 70 per cent, discount, and also
those from the other non-specie paying States,
where their bills circulated from 6 to 10 per cent,
discount. Deduct the amount of this depreciation,
and the whole value of the bank circulation did
not much, if any, exceed 90,000,000 on the first of
January last. But the curtailment did not stop
there. It appears, from notices in different parts
«Í the country, that it was continued during the
winter; and, if such was the case, as we have
good leason to believe, the whole bank circulation
in March last could not have exceeded in value
|85,000,000, the estimated amount ot specie in
the country. And yet the opponents of ibis bill
talk of the depression of specie prices, as if it did
not already take place under the ruinous and ra-
pid vibrations of our paper system.
But for business to be reduced to what may pro-
perly be called the specie standard, It is not neces-
sary far our circulation to be reduced to
the amount of specie in this country. We
have not now, nor have we had for years, our
due relative portion. The channels ot business
have been filled with paper. Thu has entered
more largely into circulation than in other com-
mercial nations, and driven specie fiom our bor-
ders. But for a superabundance of paper issues,
we should always have what to our industry and
wealth belong. When there is a relative defi-
ciency, it would fl >w in from other countries; and
when.ihere is an undue expansion, ii would flow
out. The tendency of currency among all com-
mercial nations, is to a level. And the same is
true of pnces. Goods will seek that market
where they will command the most profit. Hence,
under the high nominal prices of our bank expan-
sion, potatoes were imported from Holland, grain
from the Black Sea, and butter from Germany;
while with ihe abundant harvests of the past
year, and our contracted currency, we are now ex-
porting bread stuffs.
In the discussion on the recharter of the United
States Bank in 1832, Mr. Webster declared for ihe
Bank "to call in its loans at the rate ot 8,000,000
a year, is an operation which, however wisely it
may be conducted, cannot but inflict a b ow on the
community, of tremendous force and friehtfal con-
sequences. The thin  cannot be done without dis-
tress, bankruptcy, and ruin to many." But instead
of a curtailment of eight millions, we have expe-
rience one during the past year to the enormous
amount ..of thirty to forty millions. And is it
strange that the frightful consequences should fol-
low in wide spread embarrassments and derange-
ments of business? Could it be otherwise than that
the pursuits of trade and industry should feel the as-
tounding shock of the tremendous blow of bank
raismanagemen aad contraction?
Nor have these bank paroxysms been of nnfre-
quent occurrence. During the last twenty two
years we have had no less than eight serious re-
vulsions, varying the amount of currency in some
years not less than twenty to forty per cent, and
scattering ruin and bankruptcy through the land.
It is contended, Mr. Chairman, by an honora-
ble Sentator, (Mr. Davis,) that "gold and silver
are no more exempt" from fluctuation than paper.
But is this so? Where, sir, can you find examples
of such desolating fluctuations in a metallic cur-
rency? Where, sir, has it stimulated the wild
spirit of speculation and overtrading, like paper?
When and where, in the records of history, has it
been susceptible of being expanded and contracted
to the same extent, and with like facility, with that
of our paper medium? No such instances have
been adduced, and in the absence of proof, we
have a right to presume that none such do exin.
It is not in the nature of things, sir, that such
should be the case. Paper is the more elastic me-
dium. It may be expanded or contracted at plea-
sure, and has been recommended for possessing
this greater power of variableness. The late pre-
sident of the United States Bank went so far as to
declare its "value to consist in its elasticity—its
power of alternate expansion and contraction "
Now, Mr. Chairman, is it the office of a curren-
cy, thus characterized by "alternate expansion and
contraction," to benefit the laborer? No, sir: it
tends to rob labor of its first and most essential
riphts, the true amount and security ofitt earnings.
It purports to represent specie, but not unfre-
quently fails to represent property of any kind.
It has n* uniform and intrinsic value. One day it
may be equivalent to specie, and the next day
valueless. Nor have the great body of the la-
boring community any means of ascertaining its
valne, but from those who are directly interested
in concealing any deficiency from the knowledge
of the public. There is, consequently, a degree of
uncertainty about our currency which constantly
exposes labor to the seveiest loss.
Every great variation in its amount operates a
wrong, by va<ymg the standard of value. As it
expands or contracts, it augments or diminishes
the stipulated consideration of contracts, and
thereby becomes a source of lo«s to the debtor or
creditor portion of the community. When the
connection is great, as it must be in every collision
of paper with specie, after an expansion, the loss
suffered, by a man engaged in extensive business,
Is often sufficient to absorb a large estate, and re-
duce us possessor to comfortless poverty. This
was the case in 1837, and in each of ihe former
great revulsion  of our currency. It thus makes
and unmakes fortunes, without labor, regardless of
the rights of industry, or the obligations of jus-
tice.
Anoiher source of loss and insecurity, is the
overaction to which such a currency inevitably
leads. An expansion enhances prices, the effect
of which is to stimulate production, and increase
the supply. But the effect of high prices is also to
check consumption. The consequences are, a glut
in the market, stagnation of business, failures and
heavy losses to the industrious portion of the com-
munity. It affords facilities for contracting debts
without the corresponding ability to pay. The
more it is expanded, the more wildly men rush
beyond the bounds of prudence. Insolvencies are
thus multip led, and the grossest extravagance en-
couraged. Economy is exchanged for prodigality,
and the business of the country partaken of all the
uncertainty of a lottery, and all the viciousness of
gamins.
What better evidence, sir, of this fact can be
required than the enormous amount of foreign
luxuries consumed in this country? During a pe-
riod ot only ten years, we have imported wines and
spirits to the value of forty-one millions, and silks
to the value of no less than one hundred and eigh-
teen millions; showing in the«e articles alone a
consumption of foreign luxuries to the amount of
overfifieen millions annually.
Look, also, at the number of insolvencies and
failures under our paper system. Do we find them
take place in such startling frequency and amount
in hard money countries? So far from it, I find
it asserted in a recent work, that more take place
with us in one year, than happen under the hard
money currency of Holland in a whole century.
And I have high Whig authority that there " were
more suspensions and bankruptcies in the United
States, in 1837, than have occurred in France, where
the currency consist  mainly of specie, since the
establishment of order, after the overthrow of Bo-
naparte.
The direct loss sustained by the ase of a paper
currency, cannot be stated with much precision.
The most that can be done is to approximate the
enormous amount by estimates founded upon losses
which have been ascertained.
It appears, from the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, that the public money lost, by using
banks as depositories, and receiving their notes m
payment of public dues, amounts, according to an
estimate of the Committee of Ways and Means, to
$34,974,722; but according to the estimate of the
Department to $6,474,722. Now take the lowest
estimate, and suppose the peopl* to have lost, in
their individual business, in the same proportion
as in Governmental transactions. According to
the Secretary of the Treasury, our currency does
not usually exceed, in a sound state, about seven
dollars per head of the whole population. This
would now give us a circulation of about $112,-
000,000. The amount required in the fiscal ope-
rations of Government is estimated at five millions,
which is about one-twenty-second part of the whole
circulation. Assuming this to be the true pro-
portion, the sum lost by Government, $6,474,722,
multiplied by twenty-two, will give an aggregate
$142,443,884.
But this vast sum is but a small part of the true
amount lost by the people; for they lose at a much
higher rate than in the fiscal transaction* of the
Government. This must be manifest from the
laws which prohibit its officers from receiving bills
