June, 1840*
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
0S1
26th Cong««"1ít Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Williams.
H. of Reps.
of non-specie paying banks; from their superior
knowledge to distinguiíh good from bad money;
and from the bonds and securities taken to protect
Government from loss in the failure of banks.
Take the recent deposite banks asan example.
In the failure of some of these institutions, the
bill-holders lost not less than fifty to seventy per cent,
while the Government escaped without any loss
whatever. Take al«o the case of loss from de-
preciation. In Mav, 1837, the banks throughou
the country suspended specie payments, and their
bills through the year circulated at from five to ten
per cent, discount. Now, if the people lost only at
the rate of six per cent, this would make a loss of
near nine millions, estimating a loss to occur only
on one payment, whereas, according to the suppo-
sition of Mr. Gallatin, each dollar performs ten
payments during the year. But without suppos-
ing the community to lose on each payment, the
loss from depreciation in 1837 has been estimated
to amount to twenty-five to thirty millions, to say
nothing of the severe losses from the same cause
during the last year. But fiom this source Go-
vernment has sustained no loss, excepting a short
period during the war.
Take also the loss from small bills. One tenth
part of the notes issued under five dollars, it has
been estimated by experienced bankers, are never
presented for payment to the bauks. Like coun-
terfeit and other spurious money, they ultimately
fall into the hands of the poorer portion of the
community, and become a loss to those who are
least able to bear it. But from this source also
Government has been protected from loss.
From these and other considerations, it must be
clearly apparent, that the people, at the lowest cal-
culation, have lost in the transaction of their busi-
ness, at least five times as much as Government,
from the use of a paper currency. This would
give an aggregate of $712,219,420; equal to an an-
nual loss $14,244,388, since the foundation of the
Government.
But to this sum must be added the cost of our
paper system, over and ab >ve a metallic one. I
am aware that a paper currency has been advo-
cated on the ground of in superior cheapness; but
I believe it is so without due consideration of the
immense sum required to pay the salaries of bank
officers and other incidental expenses of the sys-
tem.
According to the report of the Secretary of the
Tieasury, the whole banking capital of the United
States ieturned in January, 1839, was
$327,132,512
Loans and discounts,      -          -       492 278 015
Invested in real estate,    -          -         16,607,832
Circulation,         ...       135,170,985
Specie in the banks.        -          -         45,132,673
Now we have a right to presume that ths banks
derived an income of six per cent, from the amount
invested in their real estate, and an income from
loans and discounts equal to six and a half per
cent, the interest being paid in advance. At these
rates, their receipts from their real estate were
$996,469
From loans and discounts,        •          31,398,070
Total income,             -          -          $32,394,539
The amount which they would have received as
private individuals on that capital, would have
amounted to only $19,627,950; showing a diffe-
rence of $12,766,589. Now as the banks do not
on an average divide over sir per cent, on their
capital, this sum of $12,766,589 must be expend-
ed in the working of the system, and of course ex-
hibit the gross amount of cost to the people of the
country.
But in offset to this, it is contended that a paper
currency increases the productive capital of the
country, and, consequently, ihe amount of profit.
This, sir, may be well doubted; for unless itenlarges
the circulating medium, there will be only an ex-
change of capital. But if it does enlarge it, prices
will be enhanced, and of course require a cor-
responding increase of capital to do the same
amount ot business. But allow that it does in-
crease the productive capital to the amount con-
tended for—the difference between the specie in the
banks and the amount of their circulation.   This,
in January, 1839, would make an increase of nine-
ty millions, and at six per cent, a sufficiently h'gh
rate for such an inflated state of the currency, be
equal to an income of $5,400,000. The wear and
tear of a metallic currency on that amount of cir-
culation at one seventh of one per cent, the esti
mate of Mr. Gallatin, would amount to $193,101.
Add this to the above sum of $5,400,000, and we
have $5 593,101, as the sum to be deducted from
the $12,766,589, the gross cost; which operation
leaves the sum of $7,173,488 as the nett cost of
our paper over a metallic currency.
Look at the burdens thus imposed upon the peo-
ple. The annual direct loss by the use of paper,
we have seen, amounts to $14,244,388, and the
nett cost of the system to $7,173,388; making an
aggregate of $21,417,776—a sum greater than the
annual expenses of our Government.
Now, sir, who pay this large sum? Is it the tra-
der, merchant, and manufacturer? But they have
no means to pay but in profits derived from the la-
borer and consumer. It is then a tax upon labor
and consumption. And is that a just system of
currency which imposes such burdens upon labor?
which taxes the many for the benefit of the few?
which multiplies the non-productive at the expense
of the productive portion of the community? What
better is it than the principle of taxation that pre-
vails among the monarchies of the old world?
Where is the security of property? Where the
equal rights of the ciMzen? All, sir, at the mercy
of a privileged order.
But there is another respect in which our paper
currency operates most unequally, and that, too,
at the expense of labor.   Under a jnst and equi-
table system, property, labor, and the circulating u
medium, will maintain their true relative propor- i i
tioned value.    Neither will be elevated above its  ,!
just worth, nor depressed below it.    But such is
not the case under our paper currency.    In its ra-
pid vibraiions, prices lose their true proportion to
each other, and the poor suffer at the expense of
ihe rich.    Capital is powerful, coercive, and grasp-
ing.   It naturally seeks the largest profits, and
does not, therefore, generally allow an increase of
wages upon an expmsion, until forced to do so.
When the price offered is equal to what is paid
in other branches of business, requiring the same
amount of skill, no increase can be effected with-
out the consent of the capitalist, or by a general
combination of the laborers. But neither the one
nor the other can readily be obtained. Time is
therefore required to effect a rise in wages, even
after the laborer finds his profits absorbed, or great-
ly diminished, in the enhanced price of the neces-
saries of life. His wages are not determined by
the profits of any particular branch of industry, but
by the rates which the same amount of skill will
generally command. If he leaves it in search of
higher rewards, others will come in to supply his
place. The natural consequence is, that labor is
one of the last things to rise on an expansion, and
the first to fall on a contraction of the currency.
He is forced, through the operation of a fluctuating
currency, to receive his wages at the rate of a
sound, but in a depreciated one, and to purchase his
necessaries at the h'gh prices consequent upon
such depreciation. And hence every great infla-
tion of our currency operates to the depression of
laborers.
The truth of this, Mr. Chairman, will readily be
seen by comparing the price of wages with the
price of the necessaries of life during any of the
periods of great expansion.
The following table exhibits such a comparison
with the amount of bank circulation in the years
1834,1835, and 1836, in the town of my residence,
m the district which I have the honor to represent.
Bank circulation. Carpenters'  Flour per  Corn per Pork per
wages per dar.   barrel.      bushel,    pound.
1834,  «94.839,670       «150        «5 75           78 cut      9cts.
1835    103,692,495          1 50           6 60         100           10
1836,   140,301,038          1 75           9 75          120          14
From ih.s it appears that, from 1834 to 1836,
there was an increase in the currency of 48 per
cent; in the price of flour of 70 per cent; in the
price of corn and pork of 54 per cent, each; while
the increase in the price of wages was only 16i per
cent. The increase of the currency was not at the
same per «eat. owing to the speculative buying,
and selling, and forestalling, to which such an ex-
pansion naturally leads. The difference between
the rise of wjges and of currency was 31 per cent.;
between the rise of wages aad of flour, 53 per
cent; and between the rise of wages and of corn
and pork, 37 per ceat.; making aa average dif-
ference between the rise of labor and the necessa-
ries of life amount te 42 per cent.
Now which was the best for the laborer; the
higher wag s of 1836, or the lower wages of 1834
—nominal or real wages? Suppose him to have
been paid in provisions, instead of money. In that
case, he would have received for a week's wages
in 1834, more than one barrel and a half of flour;
while in 1836 it would have been even less than a
barrel. In 1834 he would have received eleven
and a half bushels of corn; but in 1836 only seven
and a half bushels; and yet a currency which thus
deludes the laborer with a slight nominal increase
in his wages, but the more effectually to rob him
of his hard earnings in the increased prices of the
necessaries of life, is held up by the opponents of
this bill to be not only identical with civilization,
but the one of all others the most beneficial to the
laboring community.
It will not be pretended, Mr. Chairman, that the
laborer did aot produce as much in 1836 as in 1834;
but through the unjust operation of a bank expan-
sion, we see he was wronged out for forty-two per
cent, of his earnings—for the benefit of whom?
Not for the Government—not for the honest trader
and farmer, but to enrich foreigners, bankers, and
speculators. Disguise it as we may, every infla-
tion of our currency impoverishes our own, fir the
benefit of foreign labor. It greatly enhances the
nominal price of articles beyond what they bear in
other countries, without affording corresponding
facilities in their production and manufacture here.
It thus enables the foreigner to undersell us in our
own markets. It gives to him all the advantage of
manufacturing at low prices, and selling at high
prices, for he receives his pay, not in our depreci-
ated paper currency; if he does, it is immediately
converted into gold and silver, the better currency,
which gent'emen think our Government ought not
to possess. According to their theory, there is no
harm for the foreigner to be paid in the superior
currency; but it is a hornd and unpardonable of-
fence for the Government of their own country to
be, even when it is directly calculated to secure to
the whole people a greater amount of that better
currency.
In practical effect, sir, there is no difference be-
tween rendering our yard stick shorter than that of
England, and depreciating our currency below that
of England. What purports to be the same, is not
in reality the same measure—the representative of
the same amount of value in the two countries.
Ours, while inflated, is the shorter or cheaper, and
measures out a less quantity of goods to the con-
sumer. The difference between the two curren-
cies has, at times, been estimated as high as twenty
to thirty per cent. But whatever the difference is,
to that extent it neutralizes the tariff, and operates
as a bounty upon foreign, at the expense of Ameri-
can industry. To that extent we are the lowr
while we are the debtor of England, because we
consume her goods under our high nominal prices,
our shorter measure, while we are compelled to
pay in merchandize or money under her higher
standard, or greater measure of value.
Hence it is that the balance of trade has gene-
rally been against this country; and when that is
the case, the English capitalists have but to refuse
an extension of credit, to derange the whole busi-
ness of our country, drain our banks of their specie,
induce a suspension of specie payments, and, if
our public revenue should be deposited in banks,
close, if not bankrupt, the National Treasury
tself.
It is now acknowledged oa all hands that the sua ,
pension of specie payments was thus brought aboat
in 1837. The Bank of England, finding h>r bul-
lion greatly diminished, called upon her creditois,
engaged m American business, for specie. Hej ce
the run upon our banks, and the susper.sott
throughout the Union.
Ought it longer to be considered, then, a doubtful
question, whether our Government shall be coa>
