June, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5S9
26th Cong.......IstSbss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Williams.
H. ot Reps.
worse ofTI No, sin «° &r from il l haTC tne au"
thority of an English statesman, who speaks from
observation and a critical «lamination of the sub-
ject, that the reverse is the case. Mr. Bulwer, in
describing the condition of France, says:
•The comforti of the great mass of her inhabitants are, to
aay the least, as great as those of our own laborers-and upon
the whole, their condition is better. To use the words of Mr.
Birkbeck, "there are in France none of those exhibitions of
Íirofligacy which disgust you at «Tery step in our country vil-
agea—no ragged wretches staggering home from a filthy ale
heuse—nor is this to be attrlbted to poverty ' the earnings of
the laborer are one third more in proportion than m Eng
¡and."
In England, according to the same authority,
one third of the wages of labor are required for the
support of Government; in Prance only one sixth.
In England, one sixth of the population are pau-
pers; in France only one twentieth. In England,
property is gathered together in masses—is in the
possession of the few; in France it is divided and
diffusive. In England, the increase of wealth has
been mort rapi<'; so also has been the frightful ad-
vance of pauperism. From 1814 to 1832, it ap-
pears, from Parliamentary documents, that the
increase of population was twenty-five per cent.;
•f poor rates three hundred to four hundred per
ce «.; and of crimes three hundred percent.
Now, why this marked difference? Why this
rapid increase of pauperism in England? Why so
great distress among her laboring population? It
is not through any diminution of her aggregate
wealth; for we are assured that the greatest misery
is experieaced where wealth is on the most rapid
increase. The explanation, then, must be sought
in her unequal laws of distribution. "But the le-
gislative measures," says the London Quarterly
Review, "which of all others have exeicised the
greatest influence on the distribution of wealth
wilhin the present century, and have operated most
extensively to transfer it from one class to another,
are the laws which regulate the circulating me-
dium." Yes, sir, the English mode of regulating
the currency, which is held up as worthy the admi-
ration and support of the free and intelligent labor-
ers of America is admitted to have operated mere
to the depression of laborers than any other laws
of the realm. Nor is the admission made without
the most ample evidence.
Take, for examate, the bank expansion from 1790
to 1800. In 1790, when the circu lation of the Bank
of England was 10,000,000, the agricultural laborer
could purchase eighty-two pints of wheat for a
week's wages; but in 1800, when its circulation
had expanded to 15,000,000, be could procure no
more than fifty two pints. Is this a process of
growing rich which the free laborers of the United
States desire?
But lest this should be considered an isolated
instance, and partly attributable to other causes, as
it tnay be, contrast the circulation of the Bank of
England with the price of wheat for a series of
year*, and see if the increase of the one has not
been attended with an
cause and effect,
From
increase of the other like
Average circulation.
1770 to 1780
1780 to 1790
1790 to 1800
1800 to 1810
1810 to 1820
1830 to 1830
45s.
55s.
82s.
88s.
58s.
9d.
lid.
2d.
8d.
5d.
¿7,461,081
7,861,329
12,400,023
16,862,333
24,815,294
21,222,216
Here, sir, are facts and figures which show, be-
yond a doubt, the intimate connection between the
amount of bank circulation, and the price of the
necessaries oflife. Each series ot'expansion are
seen to have led to an additional rise in the price
of wheat. But the wrong did not stop there. It
is the nature of evil to beget evil. Each increase
in the price of wheat put the means of subsistence
still further oat of the reach of the laborer, and tin 
led to an increase of pauperism from about
¿1,000,000 of poor rates in 1770 to over ¿8,000,000
in 1820.
But, while the Bank thus wrung from the laborer
his earnings, to a degree bordering upon famine,
its income was augmented in a corresponding ratio.
The distribution of profits from 1790 to 1832 are
stated to have amounted " to ¿51,546,666, a sum
almost ten limes greater than the average produce
Average price of
wheat.
45s.
of all the mines of 'he world during the nine and a
half years preceding 1832."
To such a degree has the paper system of Eng-
land operated io the privation and suffering of her
working classes, that Mr. Hn '<in^on declared
"that if England had a steady metallic currency,
the body of the population would remain unop-
pressed!" Whether this is true in its full extent,
may be doubted; but certain it is that her stock
and banking systems have proved the greatest en-
gine of oppression in the administration of her Go-
vernment. Without the facilities which they have
afforded of taxing future generations to minister to
the ambition and unholy passions of the present,
it never could have waged its unngh'eous wars—
never could have entailed upon the English people
a debtof ¿800,000,000, to pay the interest on which,
is crushing her laboring people into poverty and
the grave.
This enormous debt, sir, with all its attendant
evils of pauperism, crime, and distress, is but one of
the legitimate fruits of the connection of bank and
S'ate. Before its establishment, it is matter of his-
tory that "loans were contracted only for short pe-
riods, assigning funds to redeem the principal and
interest." To relieve Government from this
wholesome check, and the embarrassments of
wasteful expenditures, the Bank was established;
and as the expenditures and debt of the Govern-
ment have increased, the power of the Bank has
expanded, until it now exercises a controlling influ-
ence, not only over trade and commerce, but over
the Government itself.
Is it a sufficient answer to all this to point us,
as my colleague has done, to the power, wealth,
and dominion of the British nation? Sir, what
avails it that she has "become the queen, not of
Europe only, but of Asia," while millions of her
population are dying of starvation in the East, and
millions more, on her own proud isle, are reduced
to the very point of starvation, to enable the pri-
vileged few to roll in splendor and not in luxury,
but to show us, m characters of living light,
■ How wide the limits stand
Between a splendid and a happy land "
Like causes will produce like effects. It is the
natural operation of our banking system to accu-
mulate wealth in masses. Both as a principle of
taxation and distribution, it i  unequal and un-
righteous. Already has it disturbed the natural
order of society—already has it divided our popu-
lation into classes, the unprivileged many and the
privileged few, clamorous for ihe spoils of indus-
try and the control of Government; and unless it is
arrested in its career of conquest, oar Government
will degenerate into a moneyed aristocracy, and
the degradation and suffering of the English la-
borer be the fate of our own.
It is due to the laborers, if to no other portion of
our people, that the connection between bank and
State should be severed. Too long has it given an
undue ascendency of privilege over right, and of
capital over labor, in the legislation of oar coun-
try. Too long has it extended its sanction and a
shield of protection over the wrongs and the out-
rages, which the system has inflicted upon the la-
boring community. They are entitled to higher
rewards of industry, to more ample protection,
and to a fuller enjoyment of their rights, than has
yet been secured to them by the laws of their
country.
I do not say, Mr. Chairman, that there should
be no paper and no credit; but I do believe that
there should be no paper of denominations to ex-
pose labor to the loss of its earnings, and no mo-
nopoly of credit to render it tributary to its exac-
tions. What is wanted is a stable and uniform
currency. None other can secure stable mar-
kets; none other can secure to laber the fruits of
its earnings—or be the true representative of the
amount of value intended in the transfer of pro-
perty or services. It is essential to secure justice
between contracting parties, between debtor and
creditor, between employer and employed.
And it is one of the greatest recommendations
of the measure under consideration, that it will
render most essential aid in the attainment of these
important objecte.   It will give more uniformity
and .stability to the currency by infusing more specie
into it. It will not only check overissues by the
amount required in the receipts and disbursements
of Government, and by withholding its mark of
"good" upon bank paper; but by creat ng a constan t
demand for.specieitiwilllbringpaper to.the testof con-
vertibility, and thus compel banks to keep their
i«ues within safer limits to meet such demands.
And a* far as it doos this—as far as it infuses
more specie into the currency—I have high Whig
authority, the testimony of Mr. Gallatin, that it
will check violent expansions and extractions,
and operate beneficially upon the banks and upon
the currency at large. Tne following is an ex-
tract from his "Considerations on  the Currency
aad Banking System:"
"We have had an «ppurtunity to witness in France the salu-
tary effects of a currency consisting principally of the precious
metals, not only in cases of great national difficulty, but alse
for the sppcific purpose of reinstating a bank momenta lly en
dangered by overissues of paper But we prefer referring to
the evidence ol a very ableand practical witness, who was also
deeply interested in the issue, and we willextract this from the
work of anothei distinguished and piastieal writer, [Tooke on
Currency V'
"Of the comparative facility vuth which the coffers of 8
bank, which has suffered too great a reduction ol its resources
by imprudent issues of paper, may be replenished out of a
circulation, consisting in a great proportion oi coin, notwith
standing a coincident demand for large payments abroad, a
strong instance is afforded in the case of the Bank of France,
in 1817 and 1818 The circumstance is thus stated in Mr. Bar-
ing's evidence in Maich, 1819 "— Vide Report of Lord's com-
mittee on the resumption of cash payments, p 103
"Speaking of a dram which that bank had experienced, he
says:
"Their bullion was reduced, by imprudent issues, from one
hundred and seventeen millions of francs to thirty four millions
of francs, andhas returaed, by more prudent and cautious mea>
sures, to one hundred millions of francs, at {which it stood ten
days ago, when I left Pans. This considerable change took
place since the first week in November, when the amount of
specie in that bank was at its lowest. It must, however, be al-
ways recollected, that this operation took place in a country,
every part of the circulation of which is saturated with specie,
and, therefore, no inference can be drawn m favor of the possi-
bility of s« rapid an operation in this country, where, owing to
the absence of spesie in circulation, the supply must entirely
come from abroad; for in Paris, though some psrtions may
have come from loreign countries, the great supply must un-
doubtedly have come through all the vinous small channels of
cuculation through that kingdom."
"Again, in the same evidence, page 106-
"Q. Has not France, after two years of great scarcity in
corn, and two yeais of foreign contribution, been able to contri-
bute a proportion of the precious metals to the wants of Rus-
sia and Austria?
"A t'ndoubtedly, trie precious metals have been supplied
from France to Russia and Austria, and shipped, to a conside-
rable aaaount, to America, notwithstanding the payments to lo-
reign powers, and very large payments for imported corn,
whilst, at the same time, wine having almost totaJlj failed io 
several years past, they were deprived «f the most essential ar-
ticle of their export."
"And in reference to these payments, in the preceding an-
swer, Mr. Baring states that they 'produced no derangement
Whatever of the circulation of that country, (France.)'
"H may not be unimportant further to remark, that the state
of the currency in France, ever since the suppression oi the aa-
signats, appears to be decisive of the great advantages attend
mg a metallic circulation, in times ol political difficulty and
danger. On no one great occasion did her efforts appear to be
paralyzed or even restricted, by any derangement of the cur-
rensy; and in two instances of her territory being occupied by'
an invading army, there does not appear to have been any ma-
terial fluctuation in ita value."
This measure will thus secure to the manufac-
turer two things, among those most essential to the
success of his business. In the first place, it will
preserve inviolate the constitutional specie standard
of value, and hold it up as the true fmeasura in, the
business transactions of the country. And there
can be no portion of the business community who
are more interested in the preservation of this
standard, in its purity, than our manufacturers,
as there is none which has suffered more through
an unstable and fluctuating currency. It has ren-
dered their business one of great hazard, and ruin-
ous uncertainty. They want, what this bill pro-
poses, a fixed measure—a stable currency—to en-
able them to determine whether they can manufac-
ture at profit, and a uniform one, to secure full re-
turns of profit.
In the next place, it will operate beneficially by
checking excessive importations. As it creates a
demand for specie, in thai proportion, it win pre-
vent its exportation for the purchase of foreign
fabrics. It will also withhold the pnblic revenue
from the merchants to make importations with.
Under the deposite system $e revenue is often both
an effect and a cause of overaction. It forms a
basis for discounts to merchants. Each new dis-
count furnishes additional means for new importa-
tions; and each ne^v importation furnishes in turn
uv depositee, and thus the process of inflation
