534      ____________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                            June, 1840.
36th Coso....—1st Seis,
Militia Report—Mr. Clay of Ma.
Senate.
goes on, «mil the deposites are called for, or the
bobble bursts. la proportion to the tendency *,o
overaerioa, are the means furnished for o^r im-
portations. The people's money is a«iaed «, the
merchant's to aggravate the evil. £m under ,he
proposed measure, the public rtfTtnue ^nol be
loaned oat to stimulate over importations. When-
em OTertradmg comme-ueeS) specie will ^.j,, ,0
«amálate in the varita of the Treasury, until it
forces Uwbanka to withhold accommodations, and
thusi to cheek the tendency to excess, and prevent
foreign goo  from beine brought so extensively
into competition. wi\h oar own.
This measure i, tbus d(l4rly caleced t0 ^tt-
fit the mam ,acHrer, and, what is also important to
tne interest of \he laborer, to enlist the bankiag and
eotnraereial interests in favor of an economical Ad-
ministration—in fvni of confining expenditures to
 h« necessary wants of Government.
U thus appears to me, Mr. Chairman, that the
President, in recommending this measure, has not
ahown himself opposed to the interests of the la-
barer and manufacturer, bat their trae, firm, and
enlightened friend. He has shown himself for
protecting labor by recommending the enactment
of equal and wholesome laws; and for elevating
the laborer, by giving him time for mental im-
provement These are no less the rights of the
laborer than essential to his highest well beine.
He cannot rise to his proper station while fettered
by partial laws, and borne down by heavy burdens.
There mas* be eqaality of legislation—there must
be time for mental improvement—to secure to him
«he fruits of his labor and the blessings of free-
dom.   Goldsmith says—
Tie true in vrtrj eo3,
Theee who think will gown those wbe toll."
And such will be the case if the opposite policy
■sallowed to prevail. Bat let the laborer have
*rme for mental improvement, as the President re-
commends; let manual and mental toil be united-
let them keep pace together—let them be joined in
indissoluble bonds; and then those who toil, as of
right belongs to them, will be governors instead of
me governed. Thought, sir, is the ma?ic lever by
which individuals and communities are moved and
controlled. Develope the most thought among la
borers, and the empire of tne world is theirs.
SPEECH OF MR. CLAY,
OF ALABAMA.
Jk Senate, Saturday, Jtnt 13,1840—On the motion
of Mr. RolVa to prin^ 20,000 copies of the Re-
port of the Oommittef/on the Militia.
Mr. CLAY ofS^labama rose, in reply to Mr.
CurrxNDBN of Agttucky, and Mr. Pasaron of
South Carolina, and said:
Mr. PaxuDEirr: This debate has assumed a most
extraordinary character. The simple question now
before the Senate is, whether 20,000 extra copies of
the report ofthe Committee on the Militia, upon the
plan submitted by the Secretary of War for their
reorganization and discipline, shall be printed?
With that question alone before the Senate, what
* discursive range have gentlemen thought proper
to give to the discussion! The Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Pkestok,] and the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Caimafoxn,] have both com-
, plained that the report of the committee is to be
printed and sent oat before the question is tried.
Sir, said Mr. C. what question is to be tried?
Not whether the plan ofthe Secretary of War is to
be adopted and earned oat   Not whether any
former projet of General Knox, General Harrison,
or of any other person, whose plans are treated of
in the report, shall.be sanctioned by the Senate.
No, sir; the report of the committee expressly repu-
diates all those plans.   After going through a detail
and  examination of the various projttt, recom-
mended and proposed by different individuals oí
the Executive and Legislative departments,   the
committee expressly declare—
" With eo many instance  of fruitlee* attempt* to change our
militia «refam before them, your committee ate not prepared to
adapt the plao recommended by the Secretary of War, nor to
make aoy other material change in the organization and disci-
pline of the militia, at present"
It is thus demonstrated that die committee are
opposed to the adoption of Mr. Poinsett's plan, and,
I
at the same time, opposed to any other material
change of our system; and the only proposition
they submit to the Senate, is, " that the committee
be discharged from the further consideration ofthe
subject."
The only question for immediate consideration
is, on the motion of the Senator trom Virginia, [Mr.
Roani,] to print the 20,000 extra copies of the re-
port. In this there is nothing unusual—it is the
practice of every day. Does the Senator from
South Carolina deny that the facts set forth are
true? I do not understand him to do so; nor has
he pointed out any errors of fact. His complaints
all go to the views and opinions of the committee
upon those facts. Whether they be correct, or not,
will be submitted to the country for determination;
and Mr. C. said with that tribunal he was willing
to rest lhe question.
While the Senator from South Carolina admits
he had read the leport of the committee, Mr. C.
said, be was persuaded the gentleman had not ex-
amined its contents with much attention, else he
would not have complained that the committee had
not set forth the plan submitted by the Executive,
" nor any analysis of it." Still less would he have
complained that the committee had not given their
opinion of it. It is true, said Mr. C. the report
does not set forth the entire projet of the Secretary
of War, nor was it at all usual to pursue that
course, more especially in regard to documents of
such considerable length, and when, too, that paper
bad been sent forth on the wings of the wind, and
circulated far and wide, not only through the
Whig papers, from the Aroostook to the Sabine,
but by the celebrated Executive Committee, com-
posed of his political friend*, with the portentous
and alarming caption, in Romancapitals: " PLAN
OF THE STANDING ARMY OF 200,000 MEN,
SUBMITTED TO CONGRESS BY THE
SECRETARY OF WAR, AND RECOMMEN-
DED BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNI-
TED STATES."
Mr. C. said, perhaps the committee had not given
so minute or extended an analysis of the Secreta-
ry's plan, as the astute and learned gentleman
would have given it had the task devolved on
him; bat they certainly had not omitted it alto-
gether. They had given the general outline of the
plan, in the first place, showing into how many
classes the whole body of the militia were to be di-
vided. They had shown within what ages militia
duty was to be performed. They had shown the
amount and character of individual burdens which
were to be borne; as regaided arming themselves,and
the time they were to be mustered or trained. They
had shown to what extent they were to be armed
and equipped at the public expense, and to what
extent at their own expense. And they had shown
that the Secretary proposed paying, as well as arm-
ing and subsisting the whole of the active class,
while they were being trained. Yet the gentleman
says the committee has given no analysis of the
Secretary's plan! So, he said, we had given no opi-
nion of it—when the report shows we wholly re-
jected it. I trust the Senator will do the committee
the justice to make these corrections when he comes
to write out his speech for publication.
Mr. C. said he thought he knew what sort of re-
port would have been satisfactory to the Senator
from South Carolina and to the Senator from Ken-
tucky; and he would submit it to the candor of
those gentlemen and their friends to say whether he
was not correct. If the committee had intended to
bit the taste and meet the approbation of the gen-
tlemen, they should have reported, in substance—
that the Secretary's projet was entirely new, unpre-
cedented, and unparalleled in the history of our
own, or of any other Republican Government,
from the foundation of the world—that it was a
bold and reckless attempt at the unhallowed usur-
pation of all power; military as well as civil—that
it was nothing less than an artfully devised scheme
of the present occupant of the White House, to
create a standing army of 200,000 men, with whose
aid he intended to hold on to the Government,
whether re-elected or not, and to establish a cruel
and absolute despotism over the good people of this
country, on the ruins of the Constitution! And
they should have concluded by calling on the peo-
ple to rally in the defence of their rights and re-
lieve their country from the impending danger! If
the committee had so reported, Mr. C. said he
would venture the most confident opinion that there
would have been no complaint that they had not set
forth the report ofthe Secretary, nor given any ana-
lysis thereof. Not only would all censure have been
hushed into silence, but the committee would have
been lauded for their intelligence, their patriotism,
and independence. Nay, sir, they would have been
admitted into the modern Whig church, without
giving in any other experience, and without any
further pledge of "uncompromising hostility to the
re-election of Mr. Van Buren."
The Senator from South Carolina moved to
print Mr. Poinsett's plan—for what? Not because
there was to be any action upon it, at the instance
of any fi ¡end of the Administration, or of any
body else; the simple question was, whether the
committee should be discharged (rom its further
consideration; to which thete would be no objec-
tion, it might be presumed, from any quaiter.
What motive, then, could tuere be now for past-
ing the Secretary's report? Mr. C. said he could
imagine no motive, except for political effect; and
he thought this sufficiently evinced by the Senator's
resistance of his [Mr. C.'s] motion to print the se-
veral reports of General Harrison, with that of
Mr. Poinsett. By that coupe, he said, it would be
made apparent, that Mr. Poinsett's plan was not
the only one obnoxious to the censures and denun-
ciations of that Senator and his friends; but that
his distinguished friend of "North Bend" (to
whose service he believed the Senator had "devoted
his time, talents, and purse,") had gone fully as
1 far—nay, far beyond any ot those who had pre-
i ceded, or come after him. The effect of this
1 course would be to give the light of truth to the
country upon the much distorted and misrepresent-
ed plan of the Secretary of War, and ensure the
award of justice to that much injured individual,
as well as to the President. I ask (said Mr. C.) if
they are to sutler condemnation for doing that
which others have done with impunity, and, per-
haps, without even censure? I demand whether
the President and Secretary are to be denounced for
following in the footsteps ef the father of his coun-
try? For, as our report shows, the plan of Gene-
ral Knox, which was expressly approved and
adopted by General Washington, is the basis of
Mr. Poinsett's plan. And, more especially, are
the Senators from South Carolina and Kentucky
fit accusers on this occasion, when they are endea-
voring to elevate to the Chief Magistracy, a man
who has outstripped all others in the extravagance
of his views and propositions on this subject?
Is Mr. Poinsett in favor of "camps of disci-
pline?" ** is General Harrison. In his report of
1817, repeated in 1819, he alludes to the "error,
indeed, common to all the militia systems in use in
the United States, that the periods of training were
too short and too distant from each other, to pro-
duce much benefit." He adds: "To remedy this
defect, five camps of discipline have been recem-
mended." The same views are expressed in his
letter to Governor Scott of Kentucky, as will pre-
sently appear.
Is Mr. Poinsett in' favor of training 100,000
militia? so is General Harrison. In his letter to
Governor Scott, written at "Vincennes, 10th of
March, 1809," while he was Governor of Indiana,
he alludes to his having then "recommended camps
of discipline for tbofMs who are already capable of
bearing arms." He also remarks: "Professor-
ships of tactics should be established in all our
seminaries"—the same idea inculcated in his re-
ports made in Congress, in 1817 and 1819, where-
in the same plan, extended to primary schools, is
distinctly proposed, (as shown in me report of the
committee,) and the military education of "all the
youth of the United States" at the public expense.
When gentlemen speak of monstrosities, and me-
ditated infractions of the Constitution, I beg them,
to bear this in mind, and show from what clause
of the Constitution is derived this stupendous plan
for "the education of all the youth of the United
States," and "the whole expense of the establish-
ment to be borne by the public Treasury?"
Bat, Mr, President, to the point of training
