June, 1840.
2&TH   C<WG......lST SeSS.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
539
Militia Report—Mr. Clay of Ala.
Senate.
people of the South cannot, nay, they will not, hesi-
tate which alternative to choose. No considera-
tion of life nor death can ever tempt the South to
submit to such intermeddling and violation of good
faith. Now I ask the Senator from South Caro-
lina whether he gives his sanction to this opinion?
Mr. Pres'dent, when I took op this branch of the
subject, I  laid down the proposition, in substance,
that   the   Federalists   were   that party   opposed
to   a   strict construction   of   the    Constitution
of  the  United   States,  and  in   favor  of   ex-
tending its  powers  beyond those expressly de-
legated, or necessary and proper for carrying them
into exeeuuon.   I have now established—at least
to my own satisfaction—that General Harrison was
a black cockade Federalist, and  supporter of the
alien and sedition law, and standing army Admi-
nistration of John Adams the elder.   I have also
shown that his opinions upon the tariff; upon inter-
nal improvement by the General Goverment; upon
a National Bank; and upon the emancipation of
our slaves, by the appropriation of the national
treasure, are favorable to the exercise of all those
powers; and that they are all assumptions of pow-
er not delegated by the Constitution, nor necessary
or proper for carrying those (powers into execution.
These are the great questions which have princi-
pally divided the two parties for many years past;
and General Harrison having been found, uniform-
ly, upon the side of latitudinous construction, con-
tinues down to the present day emphatically a Fe-
deralist—though now without the badge of  the
black cockade, which has long since been unfa-
shionable.
But his friends say General Harrison is not only
a Jeffersonian Republican, but the poor  man's
friend, and a man of boundless humanity and be-
nevolence—full of the milk of human kindness.
Let us examine his pretensions a few moments on
this score, through the medium of his legislative
history in Indiana and Ohio.   I do not know, Mr.
President, that I should ever have brought this sub-
ject to the notice of the Senate, but that the friends
of General Harrison, ready as many of them are to
misrepresent the Democratic candidate for the Pre-
sidency, have roundly denied the authenticity of
the Indiana law, and the extract from the Ohio
Journal,   as  published  in   the  newspapers.    I
have   very   recently   received   a   letter   from
one of my most respectable and intelligent con-
stituents, stating the fact of this denial and request-
ing an authentic copy to be forwarded.   Anxious
to comply with this, and all other reasonable re-
quests coming from those who have honored me
with their confidence, I was setting about procuring
such copies from those States, when fortunately I
was saved the trouble, owing to a similar request
having been made of some of my North Carolina
friends, by some of their constituents.   The copies
I shall read are certified to be "truly copied" by
the two Senators and six of the Representatives of
the State of North Carolina, at the request of two
other Representatives.   They are all gentlemen of
honor and veracity; and, on their authority, I do not
hesitate to vouch for the truth and genuineness of
these documents, both here and to my constituents.
These transcripts read as follows:
Extract from the Laws of the Indiana Territory, printed at Vin-
eennea, by Messrs. Stout and Smoot, in 1807, and now in the
Library of the State Department, Washington Cuy.
CHAPTER VI.
AN ACT MSTSCTISja C1HMSS AND PUNISHMENTS.
"Sac. 30. When any person or persons shall, on convictm
of any crime or breach of any penal law, be sentenced to pay a
fine or fines, with or without the costs of prosecution, it shall
and may be lawful for the court before whom such conviction
shall be had, to order the sheriff to sell or hire the person or per-
sons so convicted to service, to any person or persons who will
pay the said fine and costs, for sach term of time as the said
court shall judge reasonable.
"And if such person or persons, so sentenced and hired or
sold, shall abscond from the service of his or her master or mis-
tress before the term of such servitude shall be expired, be or
the so absconding shall, on conviction before a justice of the
peace, be whipped with thirty nine stripes, and shall, moreover
serve two days for every one so lost.
"8«c. 31. The judges of the several courts of record in this
Tern wry shall give this act in charge to the grand j ury at each
and every court in which a grand jury shall be sworn.
JESSE B  THOMAS,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
B. CHAMBERS,
President of the Council.
Approved September 17,1807.
WILLIAM HENRY HARRISON. 
"From the journal of the Senate of the State of Ohio, 1st session
, of the 19th General Assembly, hele m the town of Columbas,
The following is extracted from the proceedings of Tuesday,
January 30,1821, to be found on pages 304 and 305
"An act supplementary to the act for the punishment of cer
tain offences therein named being under consideration,
'■Mr Fithian then moved to strike out the 19th section of said
bill, as follows
"Be tt further enacted, That when any person shall be im-
prisoned, either upon execution or otherwise, for the non-pay-
ment ol afiue, or costs, or both, it shall be lawful for the sheriff
of the comity to sell out such person as a servant to any person
within this State, who will pay the whole amount due, for the
shoi test period of service, of which sale public notice shall be
given at least ten days, and upon such sale bemg efflcied, the
sheriff shall give to the purchaser a certificate thereof, and de-
liver over the prisoner to him, from winch time the relation
between such purchaser and the prisoner shall be that
of master and servant, until the time of service expires,
and for injuries done by either, remedy shall he had in
the same manner as is or may be provided by law in the
case of master and apprentices, but nothing herein con
tained shall be construed to prevent persons being dis-
charged from imprisonment according to the provisions
oí the thirty-seventh section of the act to which this is supple-
mentary, if it shall be considered expedient to grant such dis-
charge Presided, That the court, in pronouncing sentence
upon any person or persons convicted under this act, or the
act to which this is supplementary, may direct such person or
persons to be detained in prison until the fine be paid, or the
person or persons otherwise disposed of agreeably to the provi-
sionsnf ihis act:
"Whhich mouon was decided in the affirmative—yeas 20,
nays 12
"And the yeas and nays being required, those who voted in
the affirmative, were,
"Messrs. Beasly, Brown, Fithian, Gass, Heaton, Jennings,
Lucas, Matthews, McLaughlin, McMillan, Newcom,   Russell,
Scofield, Shelby, Spencer, Stone, Swearmgen, Thompson, and
Womeldorf-20
Those who voted in the negative, were,
"Messrs Baldwin, Cole, Foos, Foster, HARRISON, McLean,
Dzwalt, Pollock, Ruggles, Roberts, Wheeler, and Speaker—12.
"At the request of the Hon William Montgomery and Hon.
M T   Hawkins, we certify the foregoing copy sf an extract
from a law passed in the Territorial Assembly of Indiana, and
signed by William H. Harrison, as Governor of said Territory,
and the extract from the journal of the State of Ohio, are truly
topied.
CHARLES FISHER,
ROBERT STRANGE,
B  BROWN,
CHARLES SHEPARD,
HENRY W  CONNOR,
JOHN HILL,
JAS. J McKAY,
J. A. BYNUM."
Here, sir, is a specimen of bis humanity, bene-
volence, and kindness ! Here is evidence that he
is "the poor man's friend!!" According to the
law of Indiana, which he approved, when (having
an absolute veto, under the ordinance of the Ter-
ritory) he might have defeated it, in despite of the
unanimous votes of the Legislative Council and
House of R presentatives, any person or persons,
male or female, on conviction of any crime, or
breach of any penal law, (that is, for a mere misde-
meanor, without any moral turpitude,) being sen-
tenced to pay a fine, with or without costs, might
have been sold by the sheriff to any person or
persons, (white or black,) who would pay the fine
and costs. And if the unfortunate individual so
sold or hired, absconded before the expiration of
the term of servitude, they were made liable, "on
conviction before a justice of the peace, (without
a trial by jury,) to be whipped with thirty-nine
lashes," and to "serve two days for every one so
lost." To sell a free man into servitude for a mere
misdemeanor—for instance, an assault and batte-
ry, affray, or the like—would be intolerable
enough; but io inflict the ignominious punishment
of thirty-nine lashes on a white man or woman,
for merely leaving such service, and without a trial
by jury, would be an outrage never, perhaps, per-
petrated by any other Legislature since the days of
Magna Charta. Without further comment, I
leave this humane and benevolent poor man's
friend to the judgment of his country, merely add-
ing that the section of the bill for which he voted
in Ohio, was substantially like the law pawed, with
his approval, in Indiana, except the punishment of
whipping for absconding.
Hoping that I shall be excused for this episode,
Mr. President, as it seemed to be a necessary re-
sponse to the remarks of the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Crittenden] on yesterday, I shall now
proceed with my reply to the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Preston.] That honorable Se-
nator thought proper to ascribe to the present Chief
Magistrate inordinate fondness for power, and, in
support of that charge, asserted that more military
power had been aggregated under this Administra-
tion than any other. To prove this, he alluded
to the increase of the army by a law passed
about two years   ago.    Under that law,  the
army, if full, would only amount to about twelve
thousand men,  to man our batteries and fortifi-
cations, in all our seaport towns, for their protec-
tion against an mvaiing enemy,   and for the de-
fence of our extended inland frontier, on the North
and the West, for thousands of miles.    That mea-
sure was, on all sides of the Senate, so generally
acquiesced in, that, if I do not mistake, it passed
without calling for a division     I am  inclined   lo
think the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Pres-
ton] himself voted for that bill—did he noli
[Here Mr. Preston nodded assent ]
Mr. C. remarked, the Senator admits he voted
for it, yet he now complains of it, as if unnecessary
and unjustifiable.    The Senator from South Caro-
lina, in a  tone of disapprobation,  also alludes to
the act which passed near the close of the last ses-
sion, appropriating ten millions of dollars, to be
raised by loans, and placed at tbe disposal of the
President; and also authorizing him  to accept the
servces of fifty thousand .volunteers,  to repel in-
vasion, if that contingency happened,  as another
evidence of the di^pon'ion of this Administration to
augment its powers.   Well, sir, what is the history
of this measure?    Did the President ask Congress
to   give   him   the   power   to raise that number
of   men,   and   that  amount   of   money?     No,
sir;  on   the   contrary,   it   was   the  spontaneous
act of the  two Houses,   in  view  of  what they
regarded   as   possible   danger   of  invasion   by
Great   Britain.     The   measure   originated   in,
and passed the House almost unanimously.   It
came into the Senate on the 2d of March, "was
read the first and second times, by unanimous con-
sent, and considered   as   in  comnnt'ee of   the
whole." without being referred, as usual, to one of
the standing committees.   The only amendment
moved,  at any stage of the bill m the Senate, was
to strike out the third section, the motion  being
made   by   the Senator   frora  New  Jersey  [Mr.
Southard] who stood alone in the affirmative, on
taking the yeas and nays.   The name ot the Sena-
nator from South Carolina [Mr. Preston] is re-
corded in the negative.     No  amendment  being
made to the biH, it was reported to the Senate and
passed to a third reading.   It was  immediately
read   a third   time by unanimous consent, and
passed, by yeas and nays, unanimously—the name
of the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Preston]
being again recorded in favor of the bill!
Those are the two measures relied on by the Se-
nator from South Carolina [Mr. Preston] to prove
the grasping ambition of the present Administra-
tion, and the aggregation of more military power
under it than any former one. Both measures
passed through the Senate by an almost unanimous
vote, and the Senator himself voting for both. This,
sir, may be considered as a specimen of the fair-
ness with which the Administration is censured and
abased by the Opposition gentlemen, or their party;
they first pass the measure, or at least assist in doing
so, and then turn round and denounce it, as un-
wise, profligate, or dangerous. How just and
magnanimous, to aid in passing measures, often
when they could not pass without their assistance,
and then to ascribe the wrong exclusively to the
Administration, or its fri;nds!
The censures of the Senatorfrom South Carolina,
Mr. President, which have been so much lavished
on the President and Secretary of War, cannot be
well reconciled with other portions of his own
course as a member of this body. In the progress
of my investigation, I find an act was passed in the
spring of 1836, entitled "An act authorizing the
President of the United States to accept the service
of volunteers, and to raise an additional regiment of
dragoons, or mounted riflemen." This act autho-
rized the President to accept the services of volun-
teers, who might offer themselves (without the in-
tervention of the Siate Executives;) and the bill, as
it passed the House, authorized the President to or-
ganize them into battalions, squadrons, regiments,
&c. The bill was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, of the Senate, of which the Sena-
tor from South Carolina is a member; and by ex-
amining the Journal, I find, on the 11th of May,
1836, Mr. Preston reported it from that committee,
with amendments. Two of those amendments, so
reported by the Senator, as I snppose, were to the
i
