544
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1840
óbrH Cono.•••1st Sess.
reason to boast. This spirit, while it has left in our
Constitution a rigid prohibition on the States from
passing any law impairing the obligation of con-
tracts, lias "planted there the provision under which
it is now proposed to legislate.
The nrststep taken in other countries was, as I have
said, to accept the goods, and acquit the person, but
to retain the liability, of the future acquisitions of the
debtor. Thus far most of the States in this Union
have gone, and many of them, it is believed, are
disposal to go much farther.
The next step was to emancipate the debtor fully
upon the surrender of all his present possessions,
and allow him to make a new beginning in the
world; and that is the example we are now asked to
follow. Still this has been confined to those who,
by unforseen accidents, were reduced to low cir-
cumstances, for although by the law of England a
trader only was the subject of this provision, yet
it was on account of his peculiar liability to these
unforseen accidents, that he was to be dealt with
differently from other insolvent debtors. It will be
remembered that I am not now discussing whether
any bankrupt law should be passed, but if any, what
should be its cardinal provisions. We have now
reached the point in this discussion that brings us
to the principle on which the peculiar provisions of
a bankrupt law are based. Is it a mere progression
in the road where insolvency leads—a further ameli-
oration of the condition of the debtor, or a step in
the direction precisely opposite, providing more
securely for the payment of the creditor? I have no
hesitation in pronouncing it the former. The ven'
reason  assigned by writers on the subject, for ex-
cluding all but "traders," shows that it was de-
signed as a favor to them. Hear what one of them
says:
Judge Blackstone, in his Commentaries, vol. 2,
page 472, after speaking of the treatment of debt-
ors under the Roman laws at different periods,
says:
" The laws of England, more wisely, have steered in the mid"
die becween two extremes; providing at once against the inhu-
manity of the creditor, who is not suffered to confine an hones'
bankrupt after his effects are delivered up, and at the same time
ukiog care that all his just debts shall be paid so faraa the effects
will extend. But still they are cautious of encouraging prodigality
•ad extravagance by this indulgence to debtors: and therefore
they allow the benefit of the laws of bankruptcy to none but
actual traders; since that set of men are, generally speaking,
the only persons liable to accidental losses, and to an inability  f
paying their debts without any fault of their own. If persklps
in other situations of life run in debt with the power of payment,
they must take the consequences of their own indiscretion even
though they meet with sudden accidents that may reduce their
fortunes; for the law holds it to lie an unjustifiable practice for
any person but a trader to encumber himself with debts of any
considerable value. If a gentleman, or one in a liberal profes-
sion, at the time of contracting his debts, has a sufficient fund
to pay them, the delay of payment  a species of dishonesty and
• temporary injustice to his creditors; and if at such time he has
not sufficient fund, the dishonesty and injustice is the sreater.
He cannot, therefore, murmur if he suffers the punishment
which he has voluntarily drawn upon himself. But, in mercan-
tile transactions, the case is far otherwise. Trade cannot he car-
ried on without mutual credit on both sides. The contracting
of debts is, therefore, here not only justifiable, but necessary.
And if, by accidental calamities, as by the loss of a ship in a tem-
pest, the failure of brother traders, or the non-payment of per-
sons out of trade, a merchant or trader becomes incapable of
discharging his own debts, it is his misfortune and not his fault.
To the misfortunes, therefore, of debtors, the law has given a
compassionate remedy, but denied it to their faults: since, at
the same time that it provides for the security of commerce by
enacting that every considerable trader my be declared a bank-
rupt for the benefit of his creditors as well as himself, it has also,
to discourage extravagance, declared that no one shall be capa-
ble of receiving the full benefit of the statutes, but only an in-
dustrious trader."
It is not then a system opposite to that of the in-
solvent laws, but carries still farther the spirit of
benignity in favor of the debtor. It is true, while
thus providing for the comfort of the debtor, it takes
every means to compel him, as he avails himself of
it, to do, on his part, faithfully what he professes,
and all that machinery in the bankrupt system,
which, in the eyes of some, have given it the fright-
ful appearance of adding weight to the debtor's
chains, and strengthening the walls of his prison,
has no other design. If a benefit, then, while ex-
tended to one class of our citizens, shall it be denied
to others'?
But there is another fact which has been omit-
ted in Mr. Blackstone's account of the reasons for
extending the bankrupt laws to traders only; and
that is, that traders were, at the time of the in-
troduction of those laws, peculiar favorites of Eng-
lish legislation. It was tier policy to attract fo-
reign merchants to her shores, and special induce-
ments were held out to them to come there. The
privilege of bankruptcy was among the number.
Have we any such policy in viewl Heaven
knows we have merchants enough for their own
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Strange.
good, or that of their country, and need not in-
fringe the principles of equality to obtain them.
Since the period referred to, England has been
gradually bringing within her bankrupt laws class
alter class, either as a favor to those so brought
in, or to give wider extent to a remedy that was
found convenient.   Whether then considered as a
remedy to the creditor or a benefit to the debtor,
i that nation has been gradually tending, in its ap-
! plication of it, to that equality which our forefathers
j; deemed the very perfection of political institutions.
!j Equality is an argument on the question of expe-
diency difficult  to   overcome,   for   including  all
j classes or none.   I do not deny that modifications
I may be made suited to the peculiar circumstances
j, and condition of each class.   But it seems to me
I, that the rights of the creditor and  debtor should
!' be correlative.   While the debtor may, on his own
'   motion, surrender his property,  and  have   it di-
1   vided   among   his  creditors,   it   should   be   in
the   power  of the   creditor to   compel  him to
,   do so.     Such is the   principle of the insolvent
i laws, now in force  in the States.    The  debtor
i applies for the relief afforded by the law whenever
í he pleases, and the creditor may, by putting him in
jail, force him to do so.     I see no reason why the
j same principle may not justly and wisely be carried
out in the law of bankruptcy.   Most of the reasons
which, in England, gave a specious claim to prefe-
rences in favor of the merchants, utterly fail in this
country.     Here the farmer's lands are subject to
sale for debt: it was not so there: a landed debtor
• might fold his arms in his own castle and defy his
creditor, and the policy of the law was with  him.
Here, employments are not, as there, so divided as
to confine any man exclusively to one; and there is
scarcely an individual in our country who, what-
ever may be his principal employment, is not more
or less   involved in the hazards of trade.     But
¡ • mainly and lastly, the paper system has drawn every
<   one irresistibly into its vortex; it has made itself the
]   precarious basis of all employments; it has under-
i   mined the firmest foundations, so that no  man  is
now  secure   against  those   unforeseen  accidents
which  were once  peculiar  to  the  trader.   Let
it   be   supposed   that   the   most   cautious   per-
son  had due him, in the  State  of Mississippi,
&10,000, upon some most responsible individual.
, It is actually in judgment, and execution levied
1 upon property, relied  on as  doubly sufficient to
raise the amonnt.   Who would say that under these
circumstances he would be a very  rash man to
contract a debt for 85,009 for a piece of property
, supposed to be valuable"?   He might well calcu-
I late on paying  for the property purchased, and
having 85,000 left.   His debt is collected, but it is
in Mississippi money; and by the time he gets it
j home, it is worth just fifty per cent, and will barely
discharge the obligation he has incurred.   But let
us carry the supposition a little farther, and sup-
pose his purchase to have been for ¡$7,500.   Here
he had calculated on a surplus of $2,500, but in-
stead of a surplus, it turns out that there is a de-
ficit of $2,500.    This the property must be sold to
meet; and, in the mean time, it has fallen 50 per
cent.   One or two such operations, which the most
prudent man, who ever goes in debt at all, might
well have made, render him a-hopeless bankrupt.
Into this vortex of the paper system every man is
drawn—if in no other way, as the holder of bank
paper.   But not only so; every article of property
that he owns rises and falls with every bank ex-
pansion and contraction, like the mercury in the
thermometer.
With the reason, then, let the law be extended,
and if a bankrupt system is salutary for one class of
men, it is so for all; and if it be proper for one class
of creditors to have such means of securing their
rights, I see not why it should not be available for
all. Ours is a Commonwealth, not only in theory
but in practice. We are all subject to the same
evils. Our habits have made us so. What reason,
then, can there be why we should not have a com-
munity in remedies'?
The remaining question is, whether it is constitu-
tional and expedient to subject corporations to the
general law of bankruptcy'? I confess I should be
rather surprised at this being made a question at all,
did not my respect for some who raise it, cause me to
distrust the conclusions of my own mind, even in a
case where they have been most unhesitatingly
recahed, and undoubtingly held. Corporations are
legal entities, and although they have no souls to be
saved, or bodies to suffer, yet they are, in contempla-
tion of law, persons, capable of suing and being
sued, having capacity to use, and to be subject to |
Senate.
every legal process where no physical law renders
inefficient the laws of man. They are certainly not
excepted by any words in the Constitution,, and it is
surely incumbent upon those who allege their claim
to exemption from the incidents belonging to other
persons and traders, to point out to us the foundation
I   of that claim.
¡       I have listened with attention to the Senators who
¡ have occupied this portion of the field of discussion,
I and have heard nothing that presents to my mind
the semblance of a reason why they should not be
included.   Much ingenuity, I confess, has been dis-
played, but from the known ability of those who
have offered them, the weakness of the arguments
on the other side would have confirmed  me, had
I needed any confirmation, in the correctness of my
'   first impressions.
1 It is not pretended that corporations are expressly
excluded from the sweeping authority contained in
I the 4th clause of the 8th seetiou of the 1st article of
the Constitution; but it is insisted that there could
have been no intention to include them. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, with what seems to me
a most marked inconsistency, while in the former
part of his argument he contended for the most un-
limited extent of power over this subject, and, as I
thought, properly, in this part of the argument,
unites himself with the advocates for restriction.
Let us hear the reasons offered for excepting corpo-
!' rations.
I     With prejudice or passion there is no reasoning,
'   and whenever I hear a man appealing to prejudices
or passions, I am well assured mat he is very bare of
reasons.   There is a sensibility with many in this
country upon the  subject of  State  rights, which
I never wish to see diminished, and Heaven send
1; us a rapid increase of the numbers by which that
sensibility shall be felt.   But it is a common feint
I   of an enemy, by frequent false alarms, {o blunt sen-
sibility, and finally to take advantage of an apathy
thus produced.     The cry of wolf!   wolf!   often
¡ falsely repeated, will at length be disregarded, when
the wolf really comes.   There is, in my estimation,
! ■ a dangerous resemblance between the cases put and
I   the present appeal to State rights sensibilities, com-
•   ing from the gentlemen who have addressed us in
,   opposition to including corporations in a bankrupt
j   law.   Self-evident truths are the most difficult to
:   prove by a process of reasoning, and a bold contra-
|   diction of what a man knows to be true, is one of
i' most difficult things for a well regulated intellect to
{   meet.   There are some things so alarming, that the
I   bare suggestion of them, as existing, disqualifies
the mind for inquiring into their truth: and all
these principles combine in rendering it difficult, to
meet the argument that the rights of the States
would be infringed by meddling with corporations
of their creation.
That the powers of the States are interfered with,
is, in fact, true.   And, alarmed at the fact, those who
perceive it do not wait to inquire into the reason of
its existence, or whether the interference be in truth
an encroachment.   Not a single power possessed by
the General Government, but is so much taken from
: the power of the States, and the real question in
' e.very case, of the exercise of power by the General
Government should be, Is it a power derived from its
proper source, or is it a usurpation'?    If the former,
it should be submitted to with cheerfulness, and if
the latter, every tongue and arm should be raised
; against it.   The power of taxation was a large limb
1 lopped off from the power of the States, and confer-
red upon the General Government; and are we to
stand aghast at the exercise of other conferred pow-
I ers, while that one rests unquestioned]
It is too late for us to inquire whether it was a
wholesome restriction upon the powers of the States,
to take from them the right of passing bankrupt
laws, by giving that power to Congress. This has
been done; and every exercise of that power by
Congress must, of necessity, so far interfere with
and diminish the power of the States. But the
question should not be, does an act of Congress di-
minish or interfere with the power of the States'?
It ought rather to be, is it a constitutional diminution
or interference with the powers of the States that is
proposed] Whatever may be the answer to the first
question, if the second must be answered affirma-
tively, every thing is safe, and there is no cause for
alarm. There is far more danger from a false in-
terpretation of the Constitution, either way, than
from any diminution of the power of the States,
however vital, authorized thereby. Keep the
Constitution to its proper limits, and the peo-
ple see the extent of the charter they have given,
in aU its length and breadth,   They can understand
