Jone, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mf
26th CoKO**.*ltT Skis.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Smith.
H. of Kept.
question in a more imposing shape if he should
ever attain that high honor. If the Secretary is to
be questioned for this part «f his plan, much more
man be the condemnation of General Harrison, as
the aspiration to the first office in the world is
higher, in its tendency, than a seat in the cabinet—
as constitutional law is higher than an ordinary act
of legislation. By such an amendment, if n could
hare been consummated, the whole subject would
hare been placed beyond the reach of the people,
without many and great struggles to retake the
power. Bat, according to the proposition of Ge-
neral Harrison, the power once fixed, weuld hare
been marked by the blood of the citizen soldier
long before the people could have dragged it to the
dost. Sir, let this question be put t  the
people—let them understand who it is that
has made a solemn effort to encraft a provi-
sion opon the Constitution, by which the
citizen soldier—the militiamen—nvght be subjected
to the punishment of death while engaged in the
ordinary service ot training, and their condemna-
tion will be loud, and long, and universal. What!
put that in your Constitution?—that you will try a
militiaman, in time of profound peace, engaged in
the mere service of tiaining—try him by a court
martial—march him at the point of the bayonet—
seat him upon his coffin, and coolly, as an act of
discipline, inflict upon him death? Such, sir, is the
• extent of the power proposed to be made a part of
the Constitution oí the United States, by General
Harrison!
I confess, sir, that the facts presented in the pro-
gress of this inquiry have struck me with great sur-
prise. From the fierce pursuit of the honorable
Secretary, the public mind was naturally led to
the conclusion that he had proposed something
never heard of before in the history of Congressional
proceedings. But it turns out, upon a scrutiny of
Ihe whole subject, ihat this policy, in all its sub-
stantial*, had been proposed by General Knox,
with the sanction of General Washington; and
that General Harrison, in his schemes, has gone
farther than any man, nnder any admministration.
His proportion was, in effect, to change the cha-
racter of our whole institutions; to change our
habits and manners; and this, he concedes, himself,
would be the effect of his project, in the very re-
pon in which it is made. The history of this sub-
ject dicovers a continued resisance of the public
mind against all military projects whatever. And
even the authority of General Washington failed to
produce any material change. Still, it remains a
dormant power, to a certain extent; and, so far,
considering the posture of affairs which existed m
the Northeast, at the opening of this session, it
was clearly the duty ot the President to bring the
subject to the consideration of Congress.
I repeat, that I am content the judgment of the
country shall be passed upon all this.    Hitherto,
as I have stated, the delusion has prevailed that
the report of the Secretary is, perhaps,   the first
and the only thing of the kind.    A history of the
subject, shows that others have also acted their
part; and, upon the whole, there is every reason to
believe that neither any admininistration, or any
S-cretary, ever thought of bringing forward mili-
taryfrojects for party purposes.   The true light
in which to look npen them, is, unquestionably,
that the recommendations of our Presidents, and
Ihe plans of our Secietaries, opon this subject,
have been offered   conformably to their official
Italians, with a view to consideration, comparison,
and we, if any thing might be found  suited to the
etrcmnstances of the country, and adapted  to the
principles of our Government.   To suppose other-
wise, is to arraign men who>e patriotism is immor-
tal, and treasured in the memory of the people.   I
refer, air, among others, particularly lo the Father
of his country.   The conclusion of the argument,
therefore, must be, that all men, whom special duty
it has been to examine the miliiia question in a
military aspect, have gone almost equal lengths, if
not precisely in the same direction.    The con-
demnation of the one necessarily involves that of
the other.   The view which I take of it, is, to con-
trast the truth with the absurdity and delusion with
which a political crusade, for party purposes, has
fewmweatiy owned «bob this subject.   With 0 
publication of the whole history of the question,
from the earliest period of our Governmental action,
I have not the slightest doubt that ihe public mind
will, in the progress of inquiry, become fully satis-
fied
With these remarks I shall leave the subject for
the present, reminding, however, the honorable Se-
nator from South Carolina, that if the detailed plan
of the Secretary of War is exceptionable, the views
and propositions of General Harrison are much
more so; and that when he moves (as indicated by
him) his resolution, expressive of the sense of the
Senate upon the question, I shill be prepared to
move-an amendment to it, expressive, also, of the
sense of the Senate in regard to the principles in-
volved in the military projects of General Harri-
son, so that he may have the opportunity to extin-
guish the seed together.
Mr. CRITTENDEN then rose and commenced
his remarks in opposition to the motion, by com-
plaining of the want of time, and not having the
necessary documents before them to enable them
to discuss the subject understanding^, when
Mr. NORVELL moved that the further consi-
deration of the motion be postponed until Friday
nex'; which was agreed to.
And the Senate adjourned.
SPEECH OF MR. SMITH,
OF VERMONT.
lit the House of Representatives, June  4th, 1840- tn
Committee of the Whole, on the bill to „pro-
vide for  the collection, safe  keeping, transfer,
and disbursement of the public revenue^
Mr. Chairman: Before giviiis; my vo'e/on  the
measure now under consideraion—a m#asure in
which my constituents, in compon with/the whole
conntry, are  deeply interesiedj I desire/to  submit
briefly  some  of   the reasons | which/iave   influ-
-   ■     *        .     But
indulge
enced me to give it my cofital
before   I  do   so,   the   committee
tions  of  the
relation   to
me a re-
in of the Legisla-
that body, as I
11
me while I refer to the f re*
Legislature of my own State
this subject, and which claim
spectful notice. At the last sess\
ture, resolutions were passed
have been informed, (though not officially,) in-
structing the Senators, and requesting the Repre-
sentatives in Congress, from that State, to oppose
the adoption of this measure. Sir, I believe, as
does my honorable colleague and friend from the
Fifth District (Mr. Fletcher] in whose behalf I am
authorized to speak, in the doctrine of instructions^
as held by the party with whom we have the ho-
nor to act; and were the instructions referred to
applicable to us, we should stand in no doubt as to
eur doty. We should either obey the instructions,
or at once resign.
It has long been the policy of the State which I
have the honor in part to reprebent, to elect their
Representatives to Congress by districts; and al-
though the Representatives ihus elected, may, with
propriety, be regarded as the Representatives of
the whole Slate, yet they are more especially so, of
that particular portion of the people by whom
they are elected.
But, sir, I may be permitted to say, that it would
give me great p'easure to yield to the request even
of the Legislature of my own State, could I do so
without a palpable dereliction of duty—a duty
which I not only owe to myself, but to my consti-
tuent-;. T>e measure now under consideration,
and the ons condemned by the Legislature of my
State, was distinctly brought before my constitu-
ents during the canvass of 1838, and the conven-
tion of delégales of the Democratic party, who no-
minated me as their candidate, were the firm and
decided friends of an Independent Treasury, and
opposed to a National Bank.
[Mr. Everett rofe and inquired of his col-
league, if the excitement in his district, growing
out of the troubles in Canada, did not operate to
give him his election?
Mr. Smith, in reply, said he was happy to give
his colleague snch information as he possessed,
and especially as it would afford him an opportu-
nity to correct impressions made on the public
mind in relation to gts subject.
It is well known, said Mr. S. that for sometime
prior to the election in his district, an excitement, to
some extent, did prevail on the whole Northern,
frontier, growing out of the state of things in Canada;
and he regretted that he could not be permitted to
seize upon this occasion to correct another erroneous
impression, and one touching the conduct of the
community among whom he resides. For, al-
though there was much feeling and interest mani-
fested in behalf of those who were making a feeble
effort in Canada for an independent and free Go-
vernment, and in behalf of those who had been
driven from their homes and families, and com-
pelled to seek protection in this land of freedom;
yet the community were not justly subject to
the charge of violating their obligations to their
own, or any other Government. It is true, «aid
Mr. S. that the law of Congress, passed in 1838,
commonly called the neutrality law, and the vote
given by ¡hi* predecessor in its favor, were to an
extent unpopular with all parties, and that he was
among the number who disapproved of the mea-
sure, and if not mistaken, his colleague not only
disapproved of the law, but voted against it.
That about the time his predecessor was nominated,
for re-election by the Whig party, a portion of the
same party in the same county where his predeces-
sor resided, held a meeting, and put in nomination
another gentleman of the same party, whose views
in relation to Canadian affairs and the neutrality law
differed from ihose of his predecessor. Mr. S. fur-
ther remarked that it was out of his power to say
how many of the Opposition party (if any) voted
for him on account of the difference of opinion be-
tween himself and his predecessor in relation to the
neutrality law. He had no doubt, however,but that
he did receive some votes from that party; but
whether on that account, or from considerations of
personal friendship, it did not become him to say-
he would leave his colleague to form his opinion
from the facts to which he had alluded]
Mr. Smith resumed. If, Mr. Chairman, it is
right and just that the political parties in the State
should be represented here according to their re-
lative strength, then there can be no good reason
why my colleague from the fifth district and myself
should be even requested by the Legislature to vote
against this measure.
At the last election in the State, there were polled
a little short of fifty thousand votes, and the candi-
date of the Whig party for Governor received a
majority of about twentj-two hundred. In the
House of Representatives the Whigs had five or
six majority, and the same number in the Senate,
giving them, in joint ballot of about two hundred
and sixty votes, a majority of about twelve. The
Opposition have now five Representatives in Con-
gress, including the two Senators, and the Adminis-
tration party have but two.
Mr. Chairman, having said thus much in rela-
tion to the resolutions of my State, and my duty to
myself and my constituents, I shall now proceed to
submit a few remarks in reference to the bill now
before the committee.
The subject is one which, although it has lone
agitated the whole country, does not yet seen to be
fully understood. From the moment it was pro-
posed by the President in 1837 to the present time,
it has been denounced and misrepresented to an
extent that has [no parallel. But, sir, in the same
degree that it has received the sober consideration
of the people, it has won their confidence and sup-
port.
The principles involved in this hill are not only
fundamental, but essential to the permanency of
our free institutions; and, if rightly understood by
its friends, are destined to exert a lasting and salu-
tary influence, not only upon the cümwnct and
business of the country, bat upon our political
and social condition. The contest  ow waging,
had been, with great propriety, styled "the second
war of Revolution," and in which are involved
the same great and fundamental principles that
characterized the first. That, sir, was a struggle
for power, and for the aggrandizement of the rich
and privileged orders on the one hand, and for self-
government and equal rights and privileges on the
other. The enemies ofci U liberty and equal rights,
were not made friends to free institutions when tbt
