352
APMJNDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
firjTH Coho«"«1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Smith.
H. of Reps.
Up to 1854, and shortly after the banks had
greatly expended their circulation, the annaal
amount of importations seldom exceeded the sum
of one hundred millions.
Id 1834, importations increased to about
#126,000,000, leaving a balance cf trade against
ns ot $9-2,000,000.
In 1835, importations amounted to #140,000,000,
leaving a balance of trade against as of #28,000,-
000. In 1836, importations amounted to #189,-
000,000, leaving a balance of trade against as of
#61,000 OHO. In 1837, importations amounted to
#146.000,000, leaving a balance of trade{against as
of #23 000,000. In 1838, importations amounted
to #113,000,000, leaving a balance of trade against
us of otilv $5,000,000.
In 1831, the circulation of the banks was
$61,333,898; in 1834, #94,839 570; in 1835, #103,-
692,495; in 1836, #140,301,038; in 1837, #149,-
185,890; in 1838, #116,138,910.
In 1838, importations fell short of those of the
preceding > ear #33,000,000, and the bank circula-
tion in 1838 tell short of that of 1837, #33,046 980.
In 1839, after the banks had resumecUpecie pay-
ments, and had again expanded their circulation,
impoitations rose from #113,000,000, the amount
in. 1838, to #157,000,000, and leaving a balance of
trade against os of #39,000,000.
In the fall of 1839, the great regulator, wiih
most of the banks in the country, suspended pay-
ment, and the whole of them commenced a rapid
process of contraction—the result has been, a great
diminution oi importations in the first two quarters
of the present year. From this we see the con-
nection between an expanded and bloated curren-
cy, and excessive and ruinous importations; and,
sir, should our foreign debt, now so enormous,
continue to increase tor the ten years to come as it
has for the last ten years, it would require most of
our exports to pay the annual interest.
Under the operation  of the present tariff, the
deranged condition of the currency, occasioned by
over banking and a bloated credit system, our manu-
facturing interest at the North must languish,if not
go down: it cannot be sustained against such adverse
influences at home, in addition to the ruinous com-
petition of the foreign manufacturer, who pays so
much less for lebor than is paid in this country.
The difference in the price of labor in England and
in this country is not mainly occasioned by the dif-
ference of the currency in the two countries; it is so
nearly alike in both, that the effect on the price of
property and labor is hardly to be perceived.   Sir,
the low price of labor in England is the legitimate
consequence of the very frame work of the Govern-
ment as it bears on the political and social condi-
tion of the people, by exalting one class, and de-
grading and oppressing the other.   According to
Marshall's statistics of the British empire lately pub-
lished, it appears that twenty-four millions  and
thirty-one thousand souls, out of the whole popula-
tion, are doomed to a condition of unremitting labor
for a bare subsistence, to sustain in pride and lux-
ury, two hundred and seventy-five thousand, be-
longing to the rich and privileged orders.   This has
always been the condition of the laboring class in
England, with alt the blessings of a National Bank
and a paper currency; and it will remain such, un-
til die very foundations of that Government shall be
broken np, and equal rights and privileges be se-
cured to all.   In this widely extended and fertile
country, and so long as we shall enjoy the blessings
of a free Government, the condition of the labor-
ing class here, can never, no, never, be reduced to the
condition of the great mass of laborers in England
or in Europe.   Nothing will ever be «anting in
this country but virtue, intelligence, industry, and
economy, to secure to all the blessings of compe-
tency and wealth.
Sir, if the influence of this measure in restoring
to the country a sound and uniform currency, and
by requiring as it does, that the duties on imports
be paid in gold and silver, shall not check and re-
strain excessive and ruinous importations, and there-
by yield an adequate protection to our manufac-
factures against foreign competition, it mast be
obtained, if at all, in the revision and adjustment
of the tariff, which will, no doubt, engage the early
attention of Congress,
Before resuming my seat, I will briefly notice
some of the objections which have been urged
against the practical operations of this system of
collecting, keeping, transí erring, and disbursing
the public revenue.
It is said that it will greatly diminish the amount
of currency; that gold and silver, equal to the
amount of the revenue, will be drawn fiom the
banks  and from the channels of  business, and
locked np in the vaults of the Treasury.   This ob-
jection is without foundation, for the «hole amount
which will be required for the fiscal operations of
the Government, out of the eighty-five millions of
specie in the country, will not exceed five millions.
This sum will, no doubt, be drawn from the banks,
bat it will not be locked up in vaults  and safes,
but thrown out and kept in circulation.   The evil
suggested and apprehended can only be realized
when there shall be a surplus revenue in the Trea-
sury.   But who, I aik, can seriously apprehend
that we are ever to suffer anr inconvenience from
an overflowing Treasury?   Nothing can be more
certain   than  that,  under   the existing state of
things,   our   revenue   from   imports,   as   well
as   from   the   public    lands,   will    constantly
diminish.     The    time    will    probably    never
again   come   when   the   annual   receipts   into
the Treasury on   account   of  the   sale   of  our
public lands, will be as great as they have been for
th; last ten years.   Beyond all this, we have rea-
son to apprehend that the day is not far distant
when the public domain may cease to a great ex-
tent, if  not  wholly, to replenish the Treasury.
That section of the conntry in which the public
lands are situate, will soon send to this hall such a
representative influence as will enable them to con-
trol the whole of that great source of revenue.
But, Mr. Chairman, who can look abroad upon our
widely extended territory and our increasing popu-
lation—upon our extended and extending commer-
cial relations—upon our almost defenceless sea-
board and extended frontier—and not feel assured
that all the revenue that can be realized from our
present resources will be needed, and that the coun-
try has more reason to fear a resort to direct taxa-
tion for the support of the Government, than that
we shall have a surplus revenue.   But should there
at any tima be a surplus in the Treasury, it will al-
ways be at the disposal of Congress.
Another objection urged against this measure
by the Opposition is, that it will increase Executive
patronage and influence. Sir, if there was the
least foundation for such an objection, this bill could
not receive my vote, however desirable the mea-
sure might otherwise be. But the very reverse of
this is the fact, as can be demonstrated to every
honest and unprejudiced mind.
By the provisions of the bill, four receivers ge-
neral are to be appointed by the Senate upon the
nomination of the President, whose Compensation
is fixed by law, who are under adequate bonds
for the faithful discharge of their duty, and sub-
ject to severe penalties for every delinquency.
No person employed in collecting, satekeeping, and
disbursing the pub'ic revenue, can use in any way,
or for any purpose whatever, a single dollar of mo-
ney belonging to the Government, on pain of im-
prisonment in the penitentiary. Money thus in the
hands of the public agents, deprived, as they are,
of any use of it, cannot confer upon them tee
power to exert any influence, either in behalf of
themselves or of any other person. This mode of
collecting, keeping, and disbursing the public reve-
nue, so far from increasing Executive patronage,
actually lessens it to a great extent, as must
be evident to every person when contrasted
with the system heretofore in practice, of depositing
it with trie banks, and making them the fiscal agents
of the Government. By that system the revenue,
amounting to thirty or forty millions annually, was
at the disposal of the Secretary of the Treasury,
who had the power to select for that purpose such
of the nine hundred local banks as he saw fit. The
whole amount of the revenue was, to the selected
banks, so much additional capital, which they were
authorized by their charters to loan, and annually
pocket a profit on the people's money, but little, if
any, short of a hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
( Through the Secretary, the Executive eould, if he
saw fit, operate on the deposite banks, and, through
them, reach to a great extent those dependent on
them for accommodations. Sir, the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Cdshing,] was compelled
in candor to admit that by the provisions of this
bill, the Executive did not have as much patronage
and influence as he had under the deposite system;
and I think no intelligent and candid person can
fail of coming to the same conclusion.
Much has been said by the Opposition (and no
doubt for effect on the popular mind) about a union of
the purse and sword in the hands of the Executive.
Who, sir, is so ignorant that he needs to be inform-
ed that the President has not the keeping or the
control of a single dollar of the people's money.
He cannot get his own salary without an appro-
priation by Congress. He has no power to declare
war, nor can'he enlist a single soldier, without be-
ing authorized by Congress for that purpose.
It i; urged as a further objection to the Indepen-
dent Treasury system, that it will greatly increase
the expenditures of the Government. Sir, there is
nothing of this objection—the whole amount of
compensation provided for officers and clerks to be
employed in this branch of the public service, is
comparatively very trifling, and will not probably
exceed the interest on the amount which the Go-
vernment has lost by the banks.
We are told by the gentlemen in the Opposition,
and it is but a repetition of an objection which has
long dwelt on the lips of partisans, that this bill
provided a superior currency for the Government,
and an inferior currency for the people. This bill
provides no new currency, either for the Govern-
ment or for the people; neither does it provide any
currency, superior or inferior, for the people in
their individual capacity—Congress has no power
to do so. It simply provides that the revenue
bhall hereafter be collected in progressive propor-
tions as provided in the 19th section e-f the bill, in
the old and constitutional currency, gold and silver,
and which is the only currency that will enable the
Government, or individuals, to discharge their lia-
bilities.
With what propriety do gentlemen talk about a
superior currency for the Government, and an in-
ferior currency for the people? What, sir, is the
Government but the action of the people through
their duly constituted and authorized agents? If
this bill passes, who wills it should be so, but the
people?
Sir, the "specie clause" in the bill, as it is called,
amounts to nothing more than a repeal of the reso-
lution of 1816, by which the Treasury Department
was authorized to receive in payment of the reve-
nue, and dues to the United State.", the bills of spe-
cie paying banks, and thereby placing the Govern-
ment on the same footing with the people, who are
at liberty to exact and demand, on all their dues,
the legal currency of the United States. If indi-
viduals voluntarily receive in payment of money
due to them, and for property sold, that which is an
in/trio  currency, and which the law does not, and
cannot, compel them to take, and on which they
are subject to suffer loss, can they, with propriety,
complain that others, or the Government even, de-
mands the legal currency in payment of its due ?
The General Government is one of limited powers,
so restricted as not at all to infringe on the sove-
reignty of the State . Over the Legislatures of the
States which form the Confederacy, and the banks
by tbem chartered, the General Government has
no control whatever. If the States, in the exercise
of their sovereignty, charter banks, and make a
currency with which they are satisfied, it is not for
Congress to interfere; but if they are not satisfied
with the currency of their own creation, the remedy
is in their own hands, and they must apply it
Sir, is it not strange, that while the friends and
advocates of the banks admit that bank paper is
an inferior currency, they still insist that the Go-
vernment ought to receive it in lieu of the superior,
the legal currency of the country?
Let the banks through tut the country make their
paper good, dollír poa dollak, and for just what
the borrower pays for it, and we shall hear no more
about a superior and an inferior currency—nothing
more about "one currency for the Government and
another for the people. 
•?
