April, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SST
26th Cono....... 1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. McKay.
H. of Rep .
And here he must notice the very large sums
which have, within the last few years, been ex-
pended in the construction of durable and other
buildings, such as those for the Treasury, Patent,
and Post Office, and branch mints, &c.    In the
erection of custom-houses alone, there had been ex-
pended, up to March, 1829, $648,764 25 only; since
mat year $1,836,474 92.   It was true that a con-
siderable proportion of the latter sum had been
laid out upon two magnificent structures in Boston
and New York, yet he recollected perfectly well,
that when a motion was made in the session of
1836, bv an honorable member from Kentucky,
[Mr. Underwood,] to limit the cost of the former,
it was defeated by the votes of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Cushing,] and others.
In the Indian Department there has been a great
deal done; and the treaties which have been nego-
tiated with several of the tribes, have formed a chief
object of expenditure daring the late and present
Administrations. The policy in which those trea-
ties originated, was always a part of the fundamen-
tal policy of the Government, from Washington's
administration down. A new impulse, however,
was given to it by the act of the 28th of May, 1830,
which provided "for an exchange of lands with the
Indian's residing in any of the States or Territories,
and for their removal west of the Mississippi river."
He believed that the Opposition generally were op-
posed to that act, though the distinguished gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] who is now act-
ing with them, was at that time a supporter of the
Administration, and took an active and leading
part in carrying it through. In the execution of
that act, twenty-two millions nine hundred and
fifty-three thousand five hundred and five dollars
have been expended, in the purchase of one hun-
dred and sixteen millions five hundred and sixteen
thousand eight hundred and seventy-seven acres of
land from the Indians residingin the Statesand Terri-
tories, and in the removal of those Indians to the
new homes provided for them west of the Missis-
sippi. There had been expended for similar pur-
poses, prior to 1829, three millions six hundred and
ninety-five thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight
dollars only. He presumed that the representatives
of the States in the South and West—from which
the Indians had been removed, would not object to
the expenditure, as the object of it had been to ame-
liorate the condition of the Indians themselves, to
rid those States of a troublesome population, and to
acquire for settlement within their limits, a large
body of rich and valuable land. Indeed his ewn
Stale had been benefited by these acquisitions, as
by the Cherokee treaty she obtained possession of a
territory about forty miles in length, with an ave-
rage width of from twenty-five to thirty miles, and
is supposed to contain about 700,000 acres.*
Judge White of Tennessee, who was chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs during the time
that those treaties were negotiated, when speaking
on this subject in the Senate on the 16th of February,
1835, said:
"Sir, the honorable Senator from South Carolina,
in some of his remarks, has not done justice, as 1
think, to the Chief Magistrate. He says he came
into power on the principles of reform and retrench-
ment, and that he was bound to carry them out; in-
stead of which the expenditures of Government are
doubted. Sir, he was not bound to do more than
man could perform. One cause of an increase of ex-
penditure in the Indian Department, has been fairly
stated by the Senator from Missouri. It furnishes
matter tor praise—none for censure." And that we
may estimate properly the responsibility of the Ex-
ecutive for the increase of the public expenditures,
he would present to the committee a few more de-
tails, in that class of them, the amount of which is re-
gulated almost entirely by the legislation of Congress.
Take the case of pensions of all kinds—for which
there had been paid from 1789 to 1838 inclusive,
841,595,117 57; of which, $22,244,507 44 were within
the last ten years. In the four years from 1825 to
1828, the payments for pensions were $4,692,116 53.
In the rears 1833 to 1836 they were $12,790,946 98.
Now this enormous increase was occasioned prin-
cipally by the "Act supplementary to an act for the
relief of certain surviving officers and soldiers of
♦Of this land, one hundred and ninety-five thou-
sand four hundred and four and a half acres, toge-
ther with eight town lots of half an acre each, were
«old in 1838 from «332,501 93.
the Revolution," approved 7th of June, 1832, intro-
duced by an Opposition Senator, [Mr. Foote of
Connecticut,] and voted for generally by his party,
and the act of 1836, also introduced by an Opposi-
tion Senator, [Mr. Tomlinson.] The only agency
which the Executive had in making those payments,
was to see that the laws in regard to mem were
faithfully executed, and that the claims for pensions
should be fairly and fullv examined and decided
upon, in conformity to the laws allowing them.
Whenthe bill to continue the office of Commissioner
of Pensions was before the House, some weeks ago,
gentlemen of both parties united in the expression
of an opinion favoraole to the character of that offi-
cer, [Mr. Edwards;] so that, in all probability, the
Government has suffered no loss from the manner
in which those laws have been executed. Take
another item of expenditure—the three and two
per cent, funds, as they are called, payable
to the new States, or for their benefit, out
of the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, within their respective limits, according
to the several laws admitting those States into the
Union. In the years 1825 to 1828, the amount of
this 5 per cent, fund was $695,100 19 only. In the
years 1833 to 1836, it was five hundred per cent,
larger, being $3,874,876 03. Surely the Executive
is not responsible for this, as the expenditure is di-
rected by law, and the increase of it in these latter
years resulted from the very heavy sales which then
occurred. He might here speak of the large sums
which, within the last few years, have been paid
out of the Treasury on account of trust funds—
that is, moneys received in trust for Indians,
&c. and also of the moneys recovered from foreign
Governments as indemnities, neither of which were
properly expenditures, but as they were received
into the Treasury, they had to be paid out again
when called for, and this served to add to the gene-
ral aggregate of expenditures; but as they had been
fully explained by others, he would not say any
thing further about them. He would proceed to
another class of expenditures, over which the Exe-
cutive has a greater control, and for the amount of
which he is, therefore, more certainly responsible;
for instance, the diplomatic expenses. In the
years 1825 to 1828, they were $575,776 03. In
theyears 1833 to 1836 they were a little less, being
$573,464; and although those expenses have
continued nearly stationary, all will agree that the
late and present Administrations have conducted
our foreign relations with ability and success. In
addition to the many commercial treaties and con-
ventions, which have been formed, there has been
received into the Treasury, within the last ten years,
from foreign nations $7,173,016 71 as indemnities to
ourcitizensforspoliationsontheirpropertyandrights.
The whole amount received for the same purpose,
from the organization of the Government, up to
1829, was $9,954,960, including the amounts which
the United States assumed to pay to her citizens,
under the convention with France, of the 30th April,
1803, for the purchase of Louisiana, and also under
the treaty with Spain, for the purchase of Florida.
With respect to the additional clerks in the Execu-
tive Departments here, about which a great deal
has been said, it is clear that the necessity for their
employment arises from the new and increased
duties devolved upon those departments. Take the
case of the Post Office Department. Can any
one suppose that the same number of clerks, which
in 1828, examined all theaccounts of the deputy post-
masters, when they were 7,651, could do it in
1839, when the number of postmasters had in-
creased to 12,7801 Again: can any one suppose
that the same number of clerks would be necessary
in the Pension Bureau in the years 1828 and 1839,
when in the former, the pensioners were 16,177, and
in the latter year, 43,974. The same inquiry might
be made in regard to all the other Departments, and
particularly as to the War Department, and the bu-
reaus attached to it. He would examine another class
of expeditures, over which the Executive has no con-
trol whatever; those appertaining to the Judiciary
and Congress, co-ordinate and independent depart-
ments of the Government. In the years 1825 to
1828, the expenditures for the Judiciary were
$915,417 07. In the years 1833 to 1836, they
were $1,491,262. Here is an increase, ocasioned
by an extension of the system; the establishment
of new circuits and districts, and of course addi-
tional offices, besides the augmenting business of the
country. As to Congress: first take' the per diem
pay and mileage of members fixecttby law. The
amount of compensation received by them in the
years 1825 to 1828 was $1,566,122 80. In the
the years 1833 to 1836, it was $1,963,209, and in
the two years 1837 and '38, it had risen to
y 1,307,500 GO. Here also is a very considerable
increase, and in explanation of it, is to be stated
the facts, that the number of members in both
Houses had been increased; that the sessions
have been longer, from various causes, and that the
expenditures in the last two years were affected by
the extra session b olden in 1837. The same or a
greater rate cf increase is exhibited in the contin-
gent expenses of the two Houses.
In the years 1825 to 1828, they were $387,530 29.
In 1833 to 1836, thev were $967,916, and in 1837
and '38, they were $786,287 98. The contingent
expenses of the Senate in 1829 to 1832, were $105,-
758. In 1833 to 1836, when the Opposition had,
in that body, a clear and undisputed majority, they
rose up to $267.966. The increased expenditure
for stationery alone, in this House, is extraordina-
ry. In 1837, it was $33,786. In 1839, it was $76,-
287 98. Surely no one will hold the Executive
responsible for this increase in the expenses either
of the Judiciary or of Congress. But he would
quit these details, as a further enumeration of
them would merely 'show to what purposes the
money had been appropriated by Congress. He
had heretofore observed that the money had been
collected from the people, and must be spent. Mem-
bers of Congress might reasonably differ as to the
purposes to which it should be applied. He had
himself opposed many of the appropriations, on the
ground that they were improvident, and some of them
were for unconstitutional and unworthy objects.
He was satisfied that the expenditures were larger
than they ought to be—that an annual saving of
perhaps several hundred thousand dollars might
be effected in the expenses of Congress alone—and
he would seize the first favorable occasion that
would occur, to present to the House at large his
views on the subject of retrenchment. He had
heretofore stated that the late President, and at
least a majority of his friends, had been in favor
of bringing down the revenues of the Govern-
ment to its wants, economically administered. Is
it true, then, that they alone have made these appro-
priations'? Did those gentlemen in the Opposition,
who now clamor so much about extravagance, vote
for none of them'? Sir, the journals of the two
Houses will show conclusively that, on the passage
of all bills and resolutions involving an ex-
penditure of money, that a larger majority of
the opponents of the Administration voted affir-
matively. He had intended to have prepared
and exhibited a statement of the yeas and nays
on most of the leading questions upon which they
were taken, arranging the names of the members
according to party divisions, but he had been an-
* tícipated on this point by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, (Mr. Hopkins,) and would therefore decline
it. It cannot be pretended that the late President
had a majority in the two Houses, during his ad-
ministration, and is thus to be held responsible
for what was done in the way of the appro-
priations of the public moneys. It is notorious
that, in 1830 or 1831, in the secession from his party
of some Southern and Western politicians, the Pre-
sident was left in a minority in the Senate, and
continued so until the winter of 1836—indeed, that
he "never had a majority in both Houses, fre-
quently a majority in neither." In support of this,
he would quote the opinion of a venérame Senator,
whose death has just been announced to the
country. Judge White of Tennessee, on the oc-
casion before referred to.after speaking of the ex-
penditure in the Indian Department in the manner
already quoted, said:
"How la it as to others'? He has been against a tariff for pro-'
taction merely; he has been opposed to the system of internal
improvement; he has been against the bank; in short, he haa
been against the exercise of those constructive and doubtful
powers which create so much discord among ourselves and
such heavy drains upon your Treasury. He has enforced his
opinions with an ability and zeal seldom either *9ua.''5d or
surpassed. Why then, it is asked, has he not succeeded ac.
cording to his wishes) Because he alone could not accompnan
his wishes. I fearlessly appeal to every man who hearB™* 
that, from the time he first came into power, totbis roumtm,
he never bad, at any time, a majority in both Houses, ire-
quentry a majority in neither. Members come inW " $£•
under one set of colors, and, when here, fight <"±^">0J^
At elections they get votes under the Jactson  •  ;,**«
here, they are independent,^and act W° • * prifSSgLS
they'apnrove.  Every man brings wHfc¡MmMs'««J™* 
it approve. Every man brings w«n mm ™. v~ ":£r~Z£
vegetable acid, and all he has todo is to t™$*  ¿SSLS« E
cafled, with ¿lew drops, and off H falta.   WThei, ha_  eaHeato
«rtottroiKW ;theirp<*«,lik. tfco. of Bodef**
