558
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 184&
26th Cowg—«1st Sbss.
appropriation Bill—Mr. McKay.
H. of Reps.
Dtm. They will not come; no note can be sounded so loud as
I  mat* them hear and attend. l« t«ut! Jl this, in defiance of
hi  Rfio«>i wishes, ihe\ otesppn<p'-ia,ioii upon appropriation
Mr rvwdi ami canals, «ml, mu l>ein¿ able to we enough to
Hitunitlat* h-miii the course ol six daiaoi the week, they i,p«m!
¡$4tarda/ mil , and until aiwraunriaeon Sunday morning, an-
uaren-lj to emits *u influence they think he dare not resist.
Firm as a rock, h  stood upon hi  principle--, li_ need hi  only
powers, the vet , again andagiin. What itwn! Heisclnrged
with bem^ a tyrant, a despot, lor no otlu r offence but using Ms
only power  to check these very expent'ituies now com-
pulsed 01.
"1 appea' to those in Congress, Iron' IS¿9 till now, whether,
among the most able advocates lor iniernai improvements,
there weir noisome protessiR* to w, an I 1 have uo doubt am-
eéraly, «Wided irtenda el his Administration) Why, then,
should he be censured lor an increase ol expenditure "which he
had a ' ; anxious1? endeavored to prevent, end which, to a very
great extent, he has actually prevented, under circums anees
where no oinar man would have dared to set uo hie individual
opiuioa* agtinat the expressed will of trie majority ol the Se-
nate an i House ol Representatives'
"Sir, his friends in Congress have been all shades, colors, and
•ames, Jackson-tanrTand ami urifl, menial improvement and
anu-tntarnal improvnmen;; Bank and aim-Bank; and, although
Ira had, at theelecuoa grounds, a party Urge enough, in Ins
name, to hear down all before them, yet lime he never had a
| ny larje enough to do any thing." I r member once, when
on* of these great questions was deliberating, 1 was walking
behind the culonnade where now miu «ii, and a brother sena-
tor ol different politics joined me. 1.0 asked me how I thought
the question under dbcussion would be decided. I to'd him I
did not know. Why, si's lie, dontjou know how your par-
ty «id YOte? I answered that I did no', when I tried tocount
them, I was reminded of an anecdote I ud had heard of a black
man, «ho had been seat by his master on a cold morning to
feed the pigs. When he returned, his master addressed him:
'"Peter, were all the pigs up to be led'" ''Don't know, mass*,"
says Peter. "Why, did't you count theml" says the master.
"1 did count 'em ail, maesa, but one little spotted fellow, and he
kept such runnm about I could'ot count him."
"Mr President, I hope to hear no more such complaints.
Gentlemen on th's floor are not aware of the credit to which
the Chuf Magistrate is entitled for the stand he took atraíase
Cneods and opponents, in maintenance of the great principles
■poo which he was brooght into power "
And as a further proof of the assertion that the
late President "never had, at any time, a majority
in both Houses-," he -would appeal to the election of
Printer to the two Houses, during the whole of his
administration. Every one knows the excitement
which that election usually produces. Of the sum
of $1,208,888 17, paid by Congress for printing, in-
cluding books for the use of the inembers, from the
4th of March, 1829, to December, 1839, $219,725 25
only was received by Blair and Rives; $321 246 53
by DuffGreen, and the greatei part of it while he
was opposed to the Administration; and the remain-
der, $667,916 39, by Gales and Seaton, including
what was paid to "them in the name of Thomas
Allen.
But he must bring his remarks to a close. He
had already extended them much further than he
intended when he obtained the floor to address the
committee.
As the charge of extravagance, which he had
been examining, was a general one, as no specifica-
tions had been a'.iempted, he might have met it by a
general denial. Gentlemen in the opposition had
sought to alarm the country by the cry of waste and
profligacy in the public expenditures. The time
would come when the people would require them
to substitute facts for assertions. He had de-
signed, in the review which he had taken of the
course of the late and present Executive upon
the subject, to show that, during the whole of their
Administrations, no new duty, tax, or charge
of any kind had been laid; that, on the contrary,
many of the old ones had been repealed, and all of
them greatly reduced, and in the progress of further
reduction; that while some of the expenditures may
have been improvident, and others upon unworthy
objects, yet that the whole of the public debt had
been paid off; that trurty-fvo millions had been
given to the States; that all the public establishments
had been strengthened and improved; that large
bodies of valuable land had been purchased in seve-
ral of the States and Territories; that upwards of
sixty thousand Indians, consisting of small, but in-
dependent tribes, had been emigrated to the west of
the Mississippi; and that although the receipts and
expenditures have been large, that the losses sus-
tained by the Government, either in the collection
safekeeping, or disbursement of the money, was
less than during anyprcv.ous period. Such was
the showing on the part of the late and present Ad-
ministrations. He would not anticipate the verdict
of the country, but he thought that a virtuous
and intelligent constituency would award to the
President, and his immediate predecessor, and at
least a majority of their political friends, a triumphant
acquittal on this charge of extravagance.
Appendix.
B
o
<!
j   rr- C. o -    ■=? ""
3 o a ^ p eq
o
3
'OHO
e* o
"OS
•3-3'
(1   =   3

Btr%-3
o
3 w  t
S 2 
_ o a> -.
® -3 a -■
£&«  ,
S °,°
" ss
ptgr
8*    B
ígi &i


tCAQOU
-j*. i i
SQtO fflw;
JX ui jj  is
~ts'*x~U'ui''-j
"üi" "QVS'i«
^* C*. ¿J >U c 
_© -1 C5 — f
"oi"o"vi" 'co
OD to Oi OÍ ©.
en co-j-j w
te «soto ta
C5 —
á8í
^5 wts os©
SV)"©"-.!"—
"- -J © 10
oc  >• o £■ o
uótono
toafeüi tai--
t 
s
05

H
•«
O

88
a tai— cato

~}° 1  ** í
ife.to*-     (5c í--j en ti ^1
sSSSs©
-J — O* rf* 30
JM >—_05 JO
to 53101 «-""bi"^"©" 
O 3 tí o "ji o jí ^1
28
CO
o
0
t-J
Vi
3
3
Cu
Statement of votes in Congress on various objects
of extraordinary   appropriations, from 1831 to
1837.   It is believed that an examination of all
other votes, upon which the yeas and nays were
taken, would exhibit the same result.
The act authorizing a subscription to the Docu-
mentary History of the American Revolution, was
rejected in the House of Representatives in  the
session of 1831 -'32, (see journal, p. 934,)—yeas 88,
nays 94.     The number of anti-Jackson members
voting in the affirmative, was 72, and, in the nega-
tive 11.   The act was subsequently passed, and in-
volves an expenditure of at  least fire   hundred
thousand dollars, according to the rate at which the
first volume has been paid ibj. The amount already
expended under it is twenty-five thousand six hun-
dred and two dollars for one volume.   The number
of volumes is net limited by the contract, though
the publishers have proposed that it shall not exceed
twenty.
The "Act supplementary to the act for the relief
of certain surviving officers and soldiers of the Re-
volution," approved 7th June, 1832, passed the
House of Repiesentatives—yeas 128, nays 45. Of
those who voted in the affirmative, 60 were opposed
to the Administration, and 67 friendly to it. Of the
negatives 20 were opposed to the Administration,
and twenty-five friendly to it.
In the Senate, the same bill was passed—yeas 24,
nays 19. In the affirmative there were 15 oppo-
nents of the Administration; and in the negative
there were but two, at that time, ranked with the
Opposition.
The aggregate amount already expended under
this law is $11,922,232..
The act authorizing a" subscription to the stock of
the Alexandria Canal Company, approved 25th
June, 1832, was ordered to a third reading in the
House of Representatives—yeas 90, nays 78. In
the affirmative were 69 anti-Jackson members,
and in the negative 11.
In the Senate, the same act passed—yeas 38, nays
5. Twenty-two anti-Jackson Senators voted in the
affirmative, and not one in the negative.
This act appropriated one hundred thousand dol-
lars.
The act authorizing the President of the Unite.!
States to raise a regiment of mounted rangers, afti
proved June 15, 1832, passed ihe Senate, yeas 30,
nays 11. Eighteen anti-Jackson Senators voted for
the" bill, and three against it.
The yeas and nays were not taken on this bill, in
the House of Representatives.
The regiment of rangers was subsequently con-
verted into one of dragoons, and has caused an an-
nual expenditure of about $300,000>
The "Act in addition to the act vesting in the Cor;
poration of the city of Washington, all the rights of
the Washington Canal Company," approved 31«
May, 1832, was passed in the House of Representa-
tives—yeas 99, nays 91. The number of anti-Jack-
son men voting in the affirmative, was 70, in the
negative 13.
The expenditures under this act is $150,000.
The act to improve the navigation of the Potomac
river between Georgetown and Alexandria, ap-
proved March 2d, 1833, was passed, in the House of
Representatives—yeas 105, nays 69. In the affirma-
tive, were 6C of the Opposition members, and ih the
negative 11.
The expenditure under thia act was $150,000.
The íoint resolution providing for the continua-
tion of Gales pnd Seaton's Compilation of State Pa-
pers, approved 2d March, 1833, passed the Senate—
veas 22, nays 9.   Eighteen of the Opposition Sena-
tors voted in the affirmative, and one in the nega-
tive.
The expenditure under this act, was ©145,605.
The "Act for the benefit of the City of Washing*
ton,'' (for pavment of interest on Holland debt,) ap-
proved June" 28th, 1834, passed the House of Repre-
sentatives, yeas 98, hays 78.   In the afimnatiYé
were fifty-three Opposition members, and in the
negative elfven.   The same bill passed the Senate,
yeas 21, nays 19.   In the affirmative were eighteen
Opposition Senators, and in the negative eight.
The expenditure under this act was $70,000.
The "Act for the better organization of the ma-
rine corps," approved June 30th,  1834, passed the
Senate, yeas 25, nays 12.   In the affirmative nine-
teen Opposition Senators voted, and in the negative
one.   This act caused an annual expenditure of
about $70,000, exclusive of an addition to the pay
of the officers of the corps by other aets*
The "Act to regulate the pay of the navy of the
United States," approved March 3d, 1835, was
passed to a third reading in the Senate, yeas 29,
nays 12. In the affirmative there were twenty-one
anti-Jackson members, and in the negative only
three. The same bill passed the House of Repre-
sentatives, yeas 117, nays 103. In the affirmative
61 were anti-Jackson members, and in the nega-t
tive fourteen. The Fourth Auditor estimates that
this act caused an increased annual expenditure of
about «500,000.
The act authorizing the exploring expeditie )
to the South Seas and Pacific ocean, approved May
14th, 1836, was passed in the House of Represen-
tatives, yeas 92, nays 68. In the affirmative wejre
45 anti-Administration votes, and in the negative
25.
The estimates of expenditure under this act in
the years 1836, '37, '38, and '39, amount to
$559,382.
The "act for the relief of the several corporate
cities of the District of Columbia," assuming the
Holland debt, approved May 20th, 1836, was pass-
ed in the Senate, yeas 17, nays 16. In the affirma-
tive were nine Opposition votes, and in the nega-
tive, seven.
The same act passed the House, yeas 110, nays
69. In the affirmative were 56 Opposition votes,
and in the negative, twenty.
The United States, by the above act, assumed to
pay the principal of the Holland debt, amounting
to #1,500,000.
The "act to regulate the compensation of cer-
tain officers of the revenue cutters," approved Ju-
ly 2d, 1836, passed the House of Representatives,
yeas 143, nays 52. Fifty-one Opposition members
voted in the affirmative, and twenty-nine in the
negative. This act increased the pay of the offi-
cers; and the 1st Auditor says: taking the number
of officers now in service, the aggregate difference
per annum is $17,684 more under it than would
have been paid under the former act.
The act authorizing the additional regiment of
dragoons or mounted riflemen, approved May 23d,
1836, was passed in the House of Representatives
by the following vote: yeas 145, nays 32. In the
affirmative were fifty-nine Opposition members,
