560
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
26th Cono.......1st Seis.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Ramsey.
H. of Reps.
port oí General Dix, the superintendent of com-
mon shools in the State of New York, in the year
eighteen hundred and thirty seven. I hare adopted
from that the standard ratio, by which to ascertain
the number of schools necessary for the instruc-
tion of all the youth of the Uuited States, estimat-
ing New York at a sixth part of the whole popula-
tion. In that State there were, in eighteen hun-
dí ed and thirty-seven, nine thousand seven hun-
dred and eighteen schools, and the number of male
children about three hundred thousand. Deducting
any excess for a variation of the ages required
under a system of military education (which should
commence, according to General Harrison's opi-
nion, "as soon as their mental and bodily powers
have acquired sufficient strenth,") the number to
be so educated and trained would be one million,
fivn hundred thousand The number of schools to
be established in the United States, according to
the proportion now existing in New York, would
be not less than fifty-eight thousand. If we suppose
each instructer to have charge of two schools,
which is very ample employment, their number
weuld be more than twenty-five thousand. Men
qualified for this business could not be obtained
for less than five hundred dollars each, annually;
which would create the vast expense of twelve
millions five hundred thousand dollars for that
service alone. The contingent expenditures would
likewise be large; and the professors of tactics for
the higher seminaries, numbering at least one
thousand, who could not be obtained at less sala-
ries than a thousand dollars annually, for each,
would increase the sum by the addition of one
million.
In every aspect in which the scheme of General
Harrison can be viewed, it would be alike destructive
of our habits, subversive of eur free inst'tutions,
and obnoxious to the ieelings of the American
people.
APPENDIX.
I annex for the information of the people, Gene-
ral Harrison's gigantic scheme to convert our free
Government into a military Republic To exhibit
this within the smallest space, I have reduced his
propositions to a practical calculation of the re-
sults.
It will be kept in miad that those propositions are
in the following words:
"That a corps of military instructors should be
formed to attend to the gymnastic and elementary
part of education in every school in the United
State, while the more scientific part of the art of
war shall be communicated by professors of tac-
tics, to be established m all the higher seminaries."
The calculation is founded upon the ratio as to
the number of schools and children, adopted from
the report oí General Dix, oí New York, the talent-
ed superintendent of common schools for that State,
made in 1837. New York is estimated to contain
about one-sixth part of the population of the United
Sutes.
The expense of the grand project of General Harrison
for a military Republic, exhibited.
The number of boys who might be annually un-
der tbe control of officers appointed by the United
States, may be safely assumed at 1,500,000.
The number of schools to be established so as to
include all the youth, taking the data of 9,718 now
in New York, as the one-sixth part for the whole
Union, would be not less than 50,000.
If we suppose each instructor to be appointed
by the United State* would be placed in charge of
two schools, the number of instructors would then
be 25,000.
Able instrncters, qualified for the business, could
not he had for lesi than $500 each, per annum,
which would require a sum equal to $12,500,000
Contingent expenses for each school,
annually, such as arms, books, ¿be.
would be at least $100, equal to           5,000,000
Total amount of the expense to be
paid out of the Treasury of the
United States, by taxes upon the
people,    for    primary    military
schools, annually, would be        -     17,500,000
Tbe number of higher seminaries
ould be, at least, 1,000. For
ach of these there would have to
■e, at least, one professor of mili-
tary tactics, making 1,000 profes-
sors. The salary of protessors,
well qualified, would have to be,
for the high seminaries, at least
$1,000, annually, making the total
sum for that branch
The contingent expenses for the higher
seminaries, annually, would be,
probably, not less than $200 for
each, making       ...
1,000,000
200,000
Tetal expense for schools, if the pro-
project was faithfully carried out        18,700,000
To this enormous expense Gen. Har-
rison, in the same report, pro-
posed to add the plan of training
and paying the officer*. He an-
nexed a table to his report, and set
down, the day for each brigade,
and estimated the militia then,  in
• 1817, to be 1,000,000, the total
expense   -           -           -           -       1,565,000
To tais should be added about half a
million of militia men, probably,
at this time, if we suppose the plan
of General Harrison in full ope-
ration, and the sum would be       -          787,500
The grand total
$21,052 500
Making a grand total, which it would take te
carry out General Harrison's two great plans of
mi itary instruction and discipline, of twenty-one
millions fifty-two thousand five hundred dollar?; a
sum more than equal to tbe whole of the ordina-
ry expenditures necessary for our Government!
These schemes of General Harrison, to convert
this pure Republic into a great military Govern-
ment, training all its boys, by a military education,
for war and conquest, and also to discipline all the
militia officers at an immense expense, are the
most stupendous and dangerous of any ever pro-
posed to the American people!
Let the people beware how they venture to make
such a scheming military man President! What
security will they have against him? These pro-
jects of his are filed in the archives of Congieas,
and have been reprinted at this session, by order of
the Senate!
There can be no doubt that such mighty projects
would, if earned into effect, destroy the liberties of
the people in the en 1, and subject them to the
heaviest taxes ever borne by a nation of freemen.
Consolidation and despotism, tbe ruin of the peace
of families, the destruction of religion, the total
overthrow of morality, foreign and domestic wars,
the rivalry of ambitious military men, and tbe
final extinction of the last hope of freedom fur the
world, would follow this terrible system oí Grecian
military law!
Let the people put an end to the possibility of
snch a scheme, by rejecting General Harrison at
the pending Presidential election. If they pau<e,
and reflect for a moment, they cannot fail to come
to this result. The present Chief Magistrate is a
man whose policy is pacific, whose principles are
Republican, and who has guided our affairs, at
home and abroad, with a skill and firmness unsur-
passed by any of his predecessors.
Will you exchange such a man for a military
President, who is anxious to convert this great Re-
public «nto one wide theatre of military trainings
and discipline, to prepare all the youth of the
country for the pomp and pageantry of war, its
vices, its honors, and renown, and to despise the
gentler and happier arts of peace? The people
will remember, in connection with all this, that
General Harrison was in (aver of the standing ar-
my of John Adams.
It is also an important fact that General Harri-
son, in his late letter to the Louisville legion, de-
clares that his military views, as to the militia, Ac.
have undergone no change. If this be so, and he
should be made President, he might, probably, at-
tempt to carry into effect this vast scheme of con-
verting our Government into a great military Re-
public! Is it not safe to pause in contemplation of
such a mighty revolution, which would certainly
put at hazard the liberties of the people! I!
1 subjoin an extract from General Harrison^
letter addressed to Governor Scott of Kentucky,
and inserted in Dawson's Life of Harrison, at page
119, chap. 16 This shows he is for taxing the
people in order to maintain an army of disciplined
militia of one hundred thousand men!!
"Vincevnes, March 10, 1809
"Dear Sir: Instead of the few days now appro-
priated to training, and the very few hours of those
days actually employed, some weeks, at least,
must be devoted to the purpose, and the men must
be taaght in camps of discipline, those duties
which, representing a faithful íma^e of actual war,
form the best school in which it can be taught.
"I have recommended camps of discipline for
instructing those who are already capable of bear-
ing armi; but the career of military instruction for
our youth should commence as soon as their men-
tal and bodily powers have acquired sufficient
strength. Professorships of tactics should be es-
tablished in all our seminaries, and even the
amusements of the children should resemble the
gymnasia of the Greeks.
"It will, no doubt, be urged as a reason for con-
tinuing the old plan, that the poorer cUss of our
citizens cannot spare five or six weeks in a year
from their farms to learn military duty I know
that they cannot without being paid. But is not
our Government able to pay them? If not, they
ought to malte themselves so by laying on addi-
tional taxes. But I am persuaded that the money
which is devoted to other objects might be more
usefully, and certainly more consistently, applied
to this purpose. Under our present circumstances
the six thousand regular troops we have are very
proper; but I think one hundred thousand dis-
c plined militia would be better, and the money
which is spent in the former, would soon effect the
discipline of the latter.
"WILLIAM HENRY HARRISON."
SPEECH OF MR. RAMSEY,
!             OFjrENNSYLVANIA
In the ffoiise of MpresenUUives, Saturday, June 6,
18|0—On Ule Independent Treasury bill.
Mr RAMSEY rose and said:
Mr. Chairu \n: The hill under consideration has
been sp fullj^ discussed, that lean scarcely hope to
influence the deliberations of the committee by bet-
ter or sounder arguments than have already been
advancejf But, as a Representative of the people,
holdinyan important trust, and accountable to a
generous and confiding constituency for its proper
discharge, a sense of duty to myself impels me to
ask indulgence whilst I briefly assign the reasons
that govern my action in relation to this great finan-
cial measure.
The law presented to us for adoption is plain and
simple. It proposes the establishment of deposita-
ries for the collection, safekeeping, and disburse-
ment of the public moneys, at different points in
the Union, in the legal currency of the country.
In other words, the bill provides for the separation
of the Government from the banks, and requires
the collection and disbursement of the revenues
in gold and silver, instead of paper.
It will be perceived at once that an important
change is contemplated in the fiscal action of the
Government, and, as it is my intention to point out
the advantages likely to result from the adoption of
this system, it will be necessary, from the intimate
connection of the subject with the operations of
banks, that I should recur to their history, for the
purpose of exhibiting the legitimate influence exer-
cised by them over industry, commerce, and the
-affairs of State.
Banks are usually divided into two great classes—
banks of deposite and banks of circulation. The
term banks of deposite is meant to designate those
that keep the money of individuals, and circulate
it only; while the term bank of circulation is ap-
plied to those that do not thus confine their cir-
culation, but issue notes of their own, payable on de-
mand. The Bank of Veniceseemsto have been the
first banking establishment in Europe. It was found-
ed so early as 1171, and subsisted till the subver-
sion of the Republic in 1797. It was essentially
a deposite bank, and nothing else. The Bank
of Amsterdam was established in 1659,    It vas
