Jane, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
563
S6th Cong.......1st Skss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Ramsey.
H. of Reps.
"Incasuogour eyes around us, the most prominent circum-
stances which fix our attention, and challenge our deepest re-
gret, is Ihe general distress winch pervades the wnole coun-
try. It is forced U(ion us by numerous (acts of the inoet incon'
testable character. It is indicated by the diminished exports
of native produce- by the depress d and leduceti state ot our
fereign navigation; by our diminished commerce; by successive
unthreshed crops of cram, perishm; m ourharns and yards for
want of a market; by the alarming diminution of the circulat-
ing medium; by the numerous bankruptcies, not limited to the
trading classes, but extending to aij orders of society; by an
universal complaint of the want of employment a.idd conse-
quent reduction of the wages of labor; by the ravenous pursuit
after public situations, not lor the sake of their honors, and the
performance ol their public duies, but as a means oi private
subsistence; by the reluctant resort to the perilous use of
PAPER MONEY; by the intervention of legislation in the de-
licate relatien of debtor an^l creditor; and above all, by the low
and depressed state of the value ol almost every description of
the whole mass of property of the nation which has, on an
average, sunk not less than 30 per cent, within a few \e irs.
......
"The truth is, that no classof society suffers more in ths pre-
sent stagnation of busieess than thelaboung classes. Thatisa
necessary defect of the depression of agriculture, the principal
business of the community. The wages of able bodied men
vary from $5 to $8 per month; and such has been the want of
employment, in some partaof the Union, that instances have
not been «infrequent, of men working for a mere subsistence.
If the wages of labor here *nd in Ensland are compaied, they
will be loundnot to be essentially different."
This portrait of distress and ruin was drawn
by the Senator during the very climax of the power
of the Bank of the United States.
I would inquire whether the misfortunes and ca-
lamities so minutely described in 1820 and 1824
were not of the same character with those now com-
plained of? Whether banks, and banks alone, were
not the powerful agents that blasted the industry of
the husbandman, the mechanic, and merchant, re-
ducing to insolvency and despair multitudes of ho-
nest and enterprising citizens'? I now assert that
the same causes have produced like results in 1838,
1839, and 1840, and I will prove the fact by the use
of a few figures. According to the report of the Se-
cretary of the Treasury, already referred to, the
currency of the United States had been reduced in
three years, preceding 1820, from $110,000,000 to
$45,000,000; and in 1840 we discover that in one year
anterior, the amount of bank ciiculation was con-
tracted from $135,000,000 to $108,000,000. In both
instances the sums of money withdrawn from the
public use are astounding. In three years antecedent
to 1820, it amounted, to 055,000,000, or more than
one half of the whole circulation, and in one year
prior to 1840 it exceeded $33,000,000—nearly one-
fourth of the sum total. Now it is plain to the most
common understanding that if the currency of the
country be reduced, property must fall in propor-
tion to the reduction, and if it be increased, a
rise of prices will ensue in the same ratio.
Debts incurred will be made easy by expansion,
and will again become the sources of ruin and
insolvency through contraction. A farmer, for
instance, who, in 1815, when the banks inundated
the country with their paper, and the circulating
medium was $110,000,000, purchased a farm for
$10,000 and paid $5,000 in cash, would, in 1820,
still be in debt, in reality, more than the original
amount of $10,000, and would be a bankrupt into
the bargain, his debt being more than doubled,
and his property depreciated more than one half
by the decline of the currency to $43,000,000, as
the following table of the price of the best im-
proved land in Pennsylvania, at three different
periods, will show. The second column gives
the price the land bore in the height of the spe-
culation, which was in different counties in dif-
ferent years, as the banks extended their opera-
tions into them.
1809.
Bedford,                   $30 to <0
Lebanon,                   40 to 60
Bradford and Tioga,     6 to 14
Somerset and Cambria,
Cumberland,              40 to 60
Dauphin,                   16 to 24
Adams,                      30 to 50
Lancaster,                 75 to 100
Delaware,                  75 to 120
Northumberland,       40 to 50
Berks and Lchuylkill, 80 to 100
Northampton, Wayne,
and Pike                 80 to 100
1819.
80 to 100 (1315) 20 to 30
130 to 150 (1816-17) 50 to 70
1U to 20 (1814) 3 to 10
15 to 50 (1314) 5 to 20
1£0 to 200 (1813 14) 25 to 40
35 to 45 (1815-16) 12 to 15
60 to 100 (1814) no price.
250 to 300 (1813-14) 50 to 70
100 to 150                40 to 75
80 to   90 (1815)     30 to 40
150 to 200                80 to 100
100 to 140 (1815-16) 15 to 20
100 to 110 (1814-15) 55 to 65
40 to   60 (1815)     20 to 30
Bucks,                       50 to 60
Huntington,                20 to 30
This may be said to be the practical result of
banking, according to the American system—in-
flation, expansion, and ephemeral prosperity one
day—contraction, expansion, ruin, and desponden-
cy the -next.
As the National Government could not avert
the evils of 1820 and 1824, neither can the pre-
sent Administration control the wild career of the
banks, without some new constitutsonal provision.
This bill, however, by creating an additional de-
mand for gold and silver to the amount of five
millions oi dollars, as it is estimated, will cause
a larger portion of the precious metals to circu-
late, to the exclusion of paper, and will,pro tanto,
restrain the emissions of the banks. These insti-
tutions being held in check by the fear of a de-
mand upon them for specie, will confine their
operations within moie reasonable limits, but there
is not the most remote probability that the measure
will destroy a single sound bank in the country.
On the other hand, it is to be feared it will not
control, as iar as could be desired, the profligate
and lawless peculations of insolvent corporations.
But in checking foreign importations, which, in
some measure, it will undoubtedly do, the country
will be most essentially benefited.
After the year 1843, gold and silver will be re-
quired in payment of all the revenues of the
United States. The merchant, instead of import-
ing on the credit of the Government, will be obliged
to pay the custom-house dues in cash. This will
teach him prudence and circumspection, and will
drive out oí market the host of British agents and
speculators, who, after hawking their merchan-
dise around the world, usually throw the refuse in-
to the auction marts of New York; and upon the
duties due on this trash, establish a capital for
the purpose of competing with the American
manufacturer, and underselling him at his own
door.
But we are giavely told that the passage of this
bill will diminish the wages of labor. We are
moreover assured that the industrious classes are
entirely dependent upon the banks and capitalists
for employment, and that any action on our part
in restraining the use of the public revenues by
private individuals and corporations, will fall up-
on the humble citizens who live by the sweat of
the brow. A recurrence, however, to the com-
mercial historv of the country will prove, that of
all classes who have suffered from the profli-
gacy, ignorance, and recklessness of those who
are associated with the banks, the laboring
men have had by far the greater share of misfor-
tune. Above all others in the community, they
have the least to do with banks; they receive few or
no discounts; they are never stockholders of direc-
tors ; and as their income is limited, it is to them all
important that it should bs certain, and in the legal
currency, the subsistence of their families depending
entirely upon it. A fixed currency would enable
the laborer to compute his amount of earnings at all
times, and also to estimate the cost of provisions
and merchandise. It would also secure to him stea-
dy employment. But what has been his fate under
the dominion of the banks'? Have these institu-
tions enabled him to obtain work at all seasons, and
and a certain return for it"? By no means. Whilst
prices have been stimulated by expansions, wages
have usually remained the same. The celebrated
bullion report of a committee of the House of Com-
mons, says: the rate of "the wages of common coun-
try labor, it is well known, adapts itself more slowly
to the changes which happen in the value of money
than the price of any other species of labor or com-
modity;" and, according to Adam Smith, "the
wages of labor do not, in Great Britain, fluctuate
with the price of provisions. These vary every
where from year to year—frequently from month to
month. But in many places the money price of
labor remains uniformly the same, sometimes for
half a century together." In 1795, in England, the
price of wheat, which for three years preceding had
averaged fifty-four shillings per quarter, rose to
seventy-four shillings a quarter, and as wages con-
tinued stationary, the distress of the poor was great.
The working man discovers all the articles ne-
cessary for the subsistence of his family raising
in price, whilst the money rate of his
wages remains the same; consequently, his in-
come is diminished ifi proportion to the advance
of rents, store goods, and provisions, by bank ex-
pansions. The laborer not living upon money,
but upon the necessaries that money will buy, it
follows that wages are high or low, not accord-
ing to their nominal or money amount, but ac-
cording to the amount of provisions they will pur-
chase, or, in other words, according to the com-
mand they give the laborer over the food, cloth-
ing, and lodging, conducive to his comfort and
maintenance.
Speculative combinations, to improve the condi-
tion of agriculture, commerce, and manufactures,
may for a time be favorable to the industrious
orders, by tending to enhance wages and profits; but
a revulsion throws the laboring man out of employ-
ment, and, a competition for work naturally ensuing;,
the wages ot those who are not in a state of idle-
ness are at once reduced: and, if a bank unfortu-
nately breaks m the mean time, the working
classes will be found to possess the largest por-
tion of the bills, and will be the greatest suf-
ferers.
High prices and usurious rates or interest are
not the evidences of the prosperity of any coun-
try. They merely establish the fact of the in-
crease of the currency, and the nominal rates at
which houses, lands, and provisions are sold, and
do not change the relation of these things to one
another, by which, in truth, their value is to be
estimated. I will illustrate this by the simple pro-
position, that, if the circulating medium of tke
country be raised from ^100,000,000 to $200,000,000,
you double the money price of every commodity. A
farm, for instance, worth $10,000, will be estimated
at $"20,000, and an adjoining grist mill, of the
value of $20,000 will sell for $40,000. The relative
position, however, of the fanner and miller will not
be clianged,northe real value of their land andhouses
altered. The nominal price of the miller's property
is doubled, it is tine; sois that of the farmer. The
nominal price of both mill and farm is twice as great
as it was; that is all, and the owners have the same
relative command of money and property as before.
Thus an increase of money does not add value to
land, any more than an elongation of yardsticks
would enhance the intrinsic value of broadcloth,
both being merely measures, one of value, and tha
other of length. Commodities would advance with
the increase of the yard measure, or fall by its con-
traction, in the same way that they rise or decline
by an inflation or reduction of the currency. But
amidst all these changes, where is the poor laborer?
He gets his dollar a day, perhaps, through every mu-
tation, and pays two dollars for articles that he could
formely command for one. He remains upon
mother earth, whilst the paper balloon carries all
other classes to the clouds. He beholds in amaze-
ment the bursting of the bubble, and is still more
astonished to find himself, although standing almost
isolated and alone, involved in the general ca-
amity.
But it is asserted that this bill will increase the pa-
tronage of the Executive. I inquire when, where,
or how"? for, truly, if any measure ever tied up the
hands of a public officer effectually, this is the law.
It strips the President of the unbounded control he
possessed over a host of banks, and an army of
cashiers and directors. It deprives him of between
eighty and ninety depositories, and confines him to
five or six, with a few superintendents and clerks.
It takes from him the use of the public treasure, and
brandsa future loan from the coffers of the nation as
a felony. If this be increasing the power of the
Executive, I shall hereafter be a firm believer in the
magical virtues of hard cider, in making clear the
mental faculties of my fellow-citizens.
We are to have a despotism, too, under this law.
The President is to become a tyrant, and like the
Autocrat of all the Russias, will wield both the
"purse and the sword." We are gravely told these
things in broad daylight by gentlemen who claim
the merit of at least being rational, if they are not
sober. Now, what power has the President under
this lawl Can he declare war? Can he make peace?
Can he "set a single squadron in the field,"
or appropriate a dollar from the Treasury, without
the consent of this House? Certainly not; but
when unlimited sway was likely to have been gi-
ven to him here, in appropriating to bis discre-
tionary use ten millions of dollars and fifty thou-
sand armed troops, who tendered him "the purse
and the sword" then?
[Here Mr. Wise exclaimed, this is a home
thrust; they deserve it, and I told them so J
Where were the numerous Whig gentlemen
whom I have under my eye? Where was the
gentleman from North Carolina?
[Mr. Stanly rose and said that he had voted
for the bill referred to under the exigencies of the
case, for which he had been abused by the mends
of the Administration in his own district; but tha
he had no fear of Mr. Van Buren for the future
as he would not be re-elected.]                 ,
Mr. R. replied that he did not impeach
the motives of the gentleman from North Ca-
rolina-, he had acted correctly in castrng that
vote and he was sorry that any one should
censure him; but after his party had in-
vested the President with unheard of power, they
should not fcow attempt to frighten us w-W  tbi>
