June* 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
80S
26th Cong.......1st Se*s.
Regulating Pilots—Mr. Hillen.
H. of Reps.
wisdom of our fathers of 1789 been adopted as a
model  for  imitation.    But notwithstanding   the
reclamation contained in the report from which I
have just read extracts, and which was made to the
House  on the "iM February,   1837,  clamor and
excitement succeeded on forcing a bill  through
both Houses by  the beginning of March; the act
having obtained Executive sanction on the 2d of
that month.   It was evidently the offspring of ex-
citement, not of deliberation.   Two disastrous ship-
wrecks had taken place; the loss of life and propeny
was attributed to the negligence of the pilots, and
some measures of coercion were deemed necessary
to enforce more assiduous attention to their duty.
The idea of any enactment by Congress arose pure-
ly  from   the   supposed  culpability of the pilots.
Much   eloquence was wasted on this  apparently
fruitful theme; but when declamation is disregarded
and facts scrutinized, it appears  that   they were
blamed without reason, and their negligence was
in no way instrumental in causing those disasters.
The pilots were at their posts; the disasters origi-
nated from the utter carelessness   of  the officers
and crews of the vessels themselves.    This asser-
tion is not made without full evidence, of its truth.
The gentleman   has read a presentment of the
grand jury of New York,  on the subject of those
wrecks; but with his usual controversial tact, has
warily omitted some of the most important pas-
sages. I shall take the liberty to supply his omissions,
and by so doing,  show from the authority of the
grand jury itself, th?.tno blame can attach to the
pilots.   The decision pronounced by them is un-
questionably entitled to more respect  than vague
declamation based  upon rumor.    What say  the
grand jury? "That they have felt themselves bound
by the great  excitement  produced by the   recent
fatal shipwrecks in this vicinity, to inquire into the
causes thereof, for the purpose of ascertaining how
far they could be attributable to an)' culpable ne-
glect on the part of the pilots of this port; and in
the hope that such inquiry might, in any event, be
conducive to the public good."   Here you perceive
that great excitement prevailed; and, amid the din,
the pilots were condemed by the public without a
hearing.   But  the grand jury,   after a thorough
examination of all the important facts, reached a re-
sult different from that which ignorance of the cir-
cumstances had impressed on the minds of the cre-
dulous."   "It is evident,'' they say, "both in the case
of the Bristol and Mexico, that their loss is not at-
tributable to the wind, which was moderate and off
shore; and the grand inquest feel bound  to state
their conviction,   that both these casualties might
have been avoided by the exercise of a suitable de-
gree of caution on the part of the officers and crews
of these vessels."    Such   is  the  decision  of the
grand jury.    The   wind  was moderate   and  off
shore; so that these vessels, it would  appear, ran
deliberately    on   their    own   destruction.    The
wind was not such as to drive them on shore; on the
contrary, they were obliged to hold on their course
against the wind, in order to accomplish the catas-
trophe.     Had their officers   furled  all  sail, they
would have been wafted from the danger, without
an effort.    And yet, though the commanders of those
vessels, by the plainest culpable negligence, sacri-
' ficed so many lives, and so much property—they
must escape unscathed, while the pilots are made
to bear the imputution of their guilt, and become
the scape-goats for the sins of others.
But I will examine more minutely the cases of
disasters which have been' attributed to the delin-
quency of the pilots, when in neither case was
there a pilot oa board. The decision of the grand
jury is clearly in their favor; but that is not the
only testimony on which we have to depend. That
verdict completely clears them of the accusation
in both counts. I will produce other evidence on
each one separately, with respect to the Bristol:
first, the affidavit of James Malons, who was se-
cond officer of the ship Bristol, at the time she was
lost, who declares—
"That in aconversmon which deponent had with 'he Captain
Of the Bristol, since the wteck of the same, ttle Captain fully
exonerated the New York püuts from alt blame whatever in
that affair."
And he also makes oath that—
"He verity believes and declares, that in hi3 opinion, noblame
Whatever can, or ought, to attach to the said pilots, for or on ac-
count of the loss of thin ship Bristol."
Secondly, an affidavit of a sailor belonging to
her, will go to show clearly the gross and culpa-
ble inattention of her captain. It will inform the
House that when the ship was off a dangerous
coast, such as that of New York is known to be,
not even that indispensable requisite of coast navi-
gation, a lead line, was to be found; and amidst
the difficulties of such a navigation, the captain,
instead of attending to his duty, was snugly en-
sconced in his birth. So says, on oath, 1 homas
Savage, a hand on board the Bristol at the time she
was wrecked. I will read a portion of his depo-
sition:
"This Is to certify that I was on board the ship Bristol on her
passage from Liverpool to New York; that on Sunday, the
20ih day of November, we made the Highland lights not far
from 6 o'clock, p. m. Wo then stood in until about half past
S o'clock, p. ui. We then hauled upon the starboaul tack, and
stood on that tack until the ship struck, it being then a quarter
before 4 o'clock, a. in. The crew mentioned among them-
selves, when the waxh was relieved at Y¿ o'clock, that it was
strange that o ders were not given for tacking or wearing ship,
to stand to (he smtliard, as she had reached to the northward
anJ eastward for rive hours, the captain not being on deck at the
time the watch was relieved; noi was he on deck when the ship
struck; nor was any light hoisted for a pilot. I, coming au
after the ship struck, asked the passengers where the captain
was. They to!d me he was in his berth; but he, coming out of
the cabin shortly afterwards, I asked him where we were. He
said we were on a reel, and that, we would beat over. I then
asked the second mate wheie the lead was. He told me that it
was in the starboard gangway. 1 looked there for it, hut there
was no lead to be f jund any where."
This narrative informs us of the proceedings on
board of the Bristol, and demonstrates that the dis-
aster was absolutely and purely owing to the ne-
jlect of duty on the part ot its officers. This evi-
jence is not isolated and unsupported; but it is un-
necessary to read other papers, which merely nar-
rate the same facts. The reiteration would be te-
dious. The fact is simply this: when not on pilot
ground, the officers of the Bristol wrecked the ves-
sel entrusted to their charge. With these circum-
stances in view, it is evident that the blame of the
disaster must rest wholly with themselves, even if
the pilots had not been at their posts; but such was
not the case. While the Bristol was steadily,
through the recklessness of her officers, holding
,on her course to destruction, hoisting no signal for
a pilot, the pilots, it is proved, were at their station,
on the look out, and most probably missed her
amid a dense fog, because the neglect, which con-
tinued so long unwisely on the same course, had
omitted to raise a signal light. The affidavit of
Savage shows what was not done on board the Bris-
tol; the testimony of Robinson, who was in a pilot
boat out the Hook the night of the wreck, evinces
that no guilt is imputable to the pilots. His evi-
dence I will also read:
. "1 have resided for the last nine years at Oswego, on Lake
Ontario, engaged in the navigation of the lakes, and being on a
visit to my (rienda in the city of New York, was anxious to em-
brace the opportunity of once more visiting Sandy Hook, the
adjacent shores, and the ocean convulsed by a gale—scenes fa-
miliar to my youth. In company with my brother and another
(tentleraan, both reridems of the city, 1 went on hoard the pilot
hoat William Bayard, Ni>. 5. on Sunday morning about two
^clock, bound on a cruise. There wcie on board seven pilots,
and the usual crew of the boat. We arrived at the Hook
ab">nt three, p. m. and continued cruising outside until 11,
p. m. when a consultation of the pilots was held. It was cob-
sideied highly imprudent to remain out any longer, the sea
having become so tremendous as not only to render it impassi-
ble to board a vessel, but the weathti had become so extremely
thick, that we could not have discovered a vessel at a half a
mile distance. We bore up anil ran under the Hook, when
we came to at half past 11 o'clock. His stated in the accounts
of the loss of the Bristol, that at 10, p. m. she was within five
miles of the Hook, at the same time that we were six miles
from Bandy Hook, the light bearing rorthwest, and every eye
strained to get a sight of some vessel. The pilots remained
outside the Hook, burying their little craft under a heavy sea,
as long as the dictates of prudence, and self-preservation, would
permit, and long after there was any probability of their being
serviceable to any one. I would further remark, that a pilot
was put on hoard the schooner Powhatan, four miles outside the
Hook, at 9 o'clock, p. m. and 1 remarked at the time, that I
thought it a piece of presumption to launch the yawl in such a
sea."
From this testimony, it appears that the pilots
were out on their station beyond the Hook, on the
lookout, as was their duty. But because they were
not so keen sighted as to see a ship which carried
no light and but little sail in a dark foggy night, they
must be condemned and denounced; while the cap-
tain of the Bristol, who when the storm had lulled
towards the morning into moderate weather, calmly
plumped his vessel on a weather shore, is solaced with
public sympathy! If guilt attaches any where, it
must be to him. But however naturally anxious
he may have to exhonerate himself from blame,
even he did not pretend, in the least degree, as I
learn from the letter of Mr. Philip Hamilton, to in-
culpate the pilots. Mr. Hamilton, in his capacity
of Assistant District Attorney, proceeded to the
neighborhood of the wreck, in consequence of in-
formation lodged at the United States District At-
torney's office, that larcenies had been committed of
property which had drifted ashore. In the dis-
charge of his duty, he resided ten or twelve days in
the same house with the captain and one of the cabin
passengers of the ship.   " His conversation with
them turned chiefly on the subject of the disaster,
and from their statements he became firmly con-
vinced that no censure was attributable to the pilots."
And moreover, he continues: "his duties on the
occasion afforded him the most favorable opportu-
nity of obtaining the candid views, not only of those
who were competent to judge, but the statement of
those who were saved, and all concurred in ex-
empting the pilots from reproach." This testimo-
ny, even the New York delegation will concede, is
entitled to the highest degree of credibility. Its
statement, couched in general terms, is fully con-
firmatory oí the other evidence I have adduced.
Combining the atoms of proof, it appears that the
Bristol was not wrecked on pilot ground; that she
went ashore in the teeth ofaliead wind; that none
of the ordinary precautions were taken to prevent
the disaster; that her officers were grossly negligent
of their duty, and that no signal light was hoisted.
While, on the other hand, it is proved that the
pilots were on duty outside the Hook; that the
night was dark and tempestuous, and that it was
impossible to ascertain the proximity of a ship, un-
less through the intervention of a light, which, in
this case, was not shown. Under all these cir-
cumstances, they are certainly not obnoxious to
censure.
The gentleman from New York (unintentionally,
no doubt) pays a high compliment both to the pilots
and to their boats. In the case of the Bristol, he
hurls his denunciations against the men, because
they did not exhibit powers of vision far transcend-
ing those with which others have been gifted by the
Creator; and in the case of the Mexico, his invec-
tive is equally severe, because the boats did not
glide rapidly and smoothly through the obstructions
of large masses of ice, where vessels of the strongest
structure could not be forced, without imminent
danger of destruction. Because a small pilot boat
could not effect a passage where the power of steam
had failed, reason sufficient is thought to be found
for condemnation. What were the circumstances
in the case of the Mexico? Even granting, as has
been asserted, that she had a signal of distress
flying—that she fired signal guns for a pilot without
success—the guns, it is granted, were not heard by
a steamboat which passed within five miles of her;
yetare the pilots to be censured, because they could
not effect an impossibility, and get out to sea through
impassable barriers of ice? The boat which was to
have taken the place of the one already out, and
which was exhausted of its complement of pilots,
though making every effort, and risking life and
property, could not get to sea. There were many
vessels besides the Mexico which could not succeed
in obtaining pilots, and vet met with no disaster.
The skill which saved them, would, if exerted,
have preserved her also—where there was neglect,
disaster might be anticipated. That the failure of
the boat in getting out the Hook was not owing to
any want of effort on the part of the pilots, but solely
to the impassable barriers presented by nature, there
is ample proof. I shall read two or three affidavits
in corroboration of the statement I have made. On
Sunday, the first of January, 1837, it is said that the
Mexico was standing off' and on, looking for a
pilot.
"About that time," says Richard Yater, captain of the steam -
Boat Brighton, "when the navigation was nearly impassable
with ice, and very few vessels passed in or out of port without
the aid of steamboats, Mr. Foster, the owner of the ship Maria,
called on us to tow the ship to sea through the ice. We engaged
to do so, if it was possible. Shortly alter we had concluded the
engagement, the pilots belonging to the pilot boat Washington,
and two other crews belonging to different boats, applied to us
to give them a tow, as they were about starting off, to get as far
off towards Sandy Hook as they possibly could. We told them
of our engagement, and if we could render them any assistance
we would with pleasure. They had not been under weigh
more than three hours, when they got entangled in the
ice—so much so, that we could not render them any assistance.
The steamboat John Jay was also entangled in the ice, and
damaged her wheels so much, that she beeame unmanageable.
The pilots on board the Washington, so far from being recreant
from their duty, made use ol every exertion, at the risk of
lives and property, and it is my firm belief, that if it had not
been for the elements and the ice, every vessel near Sandy
Hook would have got pilots. After towing the ship to sea, tl •
I ¡lot came on board the steamboat. We saw a great many ves-
sels inside and outside the Hook with pilots on board. Those
which were outside dare not venture m without the aid of
steamboats, and we being the only steamboat there, thought it
the most prudent to take the first vessel in tow we came to,
and make the best of our way to New York. The packet difp
George Washington being nearest and she being bjund to New
York, we made for her, put the pilot of the Maria, Mr. .Donal-
son,<m oarJofher,tookherin tow, and towed her through
the ire asfar as York bay, when the ice drove both the ship and
he rteamboattownthrough the Narrows, a. d both went ashoi e
onS^cVisTand,near the bluff. I deem thUanact of justice
"o^pUo^and especially such of them as have beeriW
lere v censured by the community at large for hav.ng neglect-
ed their buainese on thato:c««on. 
