561
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jnne, 1840.
£6th Cong*...1st. Skss.
Regulating Pilots—Mr. Hillen.
H. of Reps.
The  careless pilots, whose neglect caused the
loss of the Mexico' were thus leh amid the iee
stntrsrling for preservation of their own lives, and,
cons .., tentlv, incapacitated bv the unfavorable
state oí :he elements from rendering assistance to
others, i hi- left without any means of extricating
themselves, by their own ingenuity and exertion*,
from the dansrers in w hich they were involved, how
were thev saved from 'he perils that menaced them?
The evidence of Ab aham Bribed will furnish
mare information on the history of the  pilot boat
Washington:
'-anta, cuy, nnd county of New York, a .— Abraham Bristed,
of saidcity, shipmaster, being duly sjrom, «.nth: that last
wteter, when our navigation wa* rendered nearly impassible
by the ica to all kinds of véanla except steamboat*, on the first
«I January, on my passage from New York to nuarantiue, my
attention wa  called to the dangerous situation of one ol our
New York pilot boats, the Washington, which was at that time
drifting by the iee on Robbina'e reef, with three crews on
board, arid but one small boat to save them, endeavoring, it
possible, to gel to sea. I lowed them to the quarantine w hart,
where the steamboat Herru'^, Capt. Fountain, took them in
tow. ind towed them as far as he could, and then was obliged
to leave them to do the '">--:'' >'V could. 1 deem it an act of
juetine to the exertions          , .>ota to make this statement"
This affidavit w.. made before Ebenezer Pal-
mer, commissioner of deeds, etc. Do not men ex-
posed to such hazards, and voluntarily encounter-
ing such dangers in the discharge of the du-
ties of their profession, merit sympathy and
eologium, instead of crimination and cen-
sored The physician who attends at the
bedside of contagion, is lauded for his charity,
and is subjected to no blame, if he fails in saving
his patient. Are not praise and gratitude equally
doe to the pilot who perils his life to save the lives
and property of others'! Should he be condemned
because nature stood in the way of his efforts, and
prevented him from extending that relief which he
straggled to afford? Above all, should he be blamed
when the victims of the disaster were incontestably
the authors of their own destruction!
But the sufferings and energies of the vituperated
pilots did not stop here. Their powers of endurance
were put to a still more powerful test. The testi-
mony of Captain Fountain, who towed the boat,
contains further details of what they were obliged to
bear and suffer:
"Last winter," he deposes, "when our navigation was render-
ed nearly impassable by ice te all kinds of vessels except steam-
bats, and few vessels passed in or out of port ex -era by the aid
of steamboats, on the 1st of January I was called on by Mr.
O'lswoH to go out to sea, and tow la the packet ship Montreal.
Whan I reached the quarantin<v fter taking in a supply of wood,
the | Hots making application, and being anxious to get to sea, I
took the pilot boat Washington in tow, she being detained there
by the ice, with three crew  on board, endeavoring to get to sea,
 « pilot vessels in if possible. I towed her through the iee to
the tail oí the bank, when I was ooliged to let her go; and a
thick snow storm set in that night, which made it impossible far
pile's to see vessels or to find them/'
The testimony which I have adduced, I have read,
not so much to corroborate the correctness of the
decision given by the grand jury, which I deem
conclusive, as to furnish the House and the country
wtth some idea of the facts, which prejudice has
distorted and misrepresented. I could bring for-
ward a much larger mass of evidence; but such a
course I judge unnecessary. What I have quoted,
I think amply sufficient to exonerate the pilots whol-
ly from censitre. This vindication I have thought
an indispensable preliminary to the more important
divisions of the question under discussion.
I certainly feel a delicacy in being placed in the
position which I have been compelled to assume—
in being forced to defend the pilots of New York,
not against the insinuations of ignorance or malice
but against imputations endorsed by their own Re-
presentatives, whose duty it is to protect their honor
as well as their interests.
[Mr. Curtis here made, with warmth, some ex-
planations, to the effect that he could not permit the
gentleman from Maryland to insinuate that he had
any ill will against tne pilots, and that the assertion
of the gentleman could not apply to any thing he
had saidj
Mr. Hillen resumed. I trastthe gentleman from
New York will husband his temper. Before I con-
clude, I shall, perhaps, have occasion to draw more
liberally on his excitability. He has forced upon
me the duty of stating facts, as I know them to ex-
ist; he should not take umbrage, if, by my doing so,
his views be not sustained. I have sought no colli-
sion, I shall avoid no responsibility. I am deter-
mined to follow my own course, notwithstanding all
the uneasiness which may be manifested. The gen-
tleman savs he feels no ill will towards the pilots.
H: may think so. An old philosopher has reduced
ail human pas-sion? to the single one of love. "The
hate of one thing,'' he says, "is merely the love of
its opposite,"  The opposition of the gentleman to
the pilots, is merely the negative prejudice, resulting
from a prepossession in favor of an antagonistic
interest.
But *o return from the digression into which I
have been led by the interruption of the gentleman
from New York, I will close this part of the discus-
sion in a manner somewhat similar to that in which
I commenced. I adduced, in the outset, the testi-
mony of the grand inquest of New YorK, to show
that the pilots were in no manner responsible for
the loss of the Bi istol and Mexico; 1 shall close it
by reading the certificate drawn up by the officers
of the revenue cutter on the New York station, in
evidence of the general assiduity of the pilots there.
But, sir, permit me to call \ our attention to one cir-
cumstance, which I inadvertently omitted to notice
when reading the decision of the grand jury. In
collecting the evidence on which their decision was
based, they regret the absence of the captpin of the
Mexico. He, no doubt, conscious of ins own cul-
pability, and unwilling to testify against himself,
was prudently missing. It was prudent to escape
the publication of his neglect andlteartlessness, and
leave the pilots to bear the censure for the fault ol
which he was guilty. Compassionattmr human in-
firmity, I shall subject his conduct to no severity ot
comment, but leaving him to the stinsrs of his own
conscience for twofold ciiminality, 1 stiall read the
testimony of the officers attached to the revenue cut-
ter, dated 16th of March, 1&%:
"The undersigned, commander and officers of the United
States revenue cutler Alert—a portion of us having been eta
tioned in the port of New York several years, and hiving
every opportunity of witnessing the conduct and attention of
the pilots of the said port by the way of Sandy Hook, take
pleasure in certifying that, from our observation, every atten-
tion is, and has been, paid by them to all vessels arriving off
the port, and that we have in no instance kiown vessels to
m« with deiention on the pilotage ground, or the vicinity of
the port, exrep' on extraordinary occasions, when it has been
from circumsiancesimpobSibletoboard them."
These, Mr. Speaker, are the persecuted pilots,
whose defence Ihave been compelled to assume.
The most rigid and hazardous performance of their
duties is not sufficient for the reasonable demands
of the gentleman from New York, but the modest
exactions are required, that by their feeble efforts
they should break through the fastenings of nature,
and: see through the fogs which she has rendered
impenetrable to human vision.
In the two instances of the Bristol and Mexico,
the most satisfactory evidence satisfied the grand
jury that the pilots were totally exempt from blame,
, and the officers of the revenue cutter gave their
unhesitating testimony in favor of their general as-
siduity. In all justice, they are, there fore, to be con-
sidered blameless. As I have already said, I have
entered into this preliminary discussion because I
consider it indispensably essential to the elucida-
tion of the main question. The two wrecks which
gave rise to so much hasty declamation, and wholly
originated the law of Congress, which I consider
unjust, constitute the chief proof of the defect in
the legislation of New York. If it be shown that
those lamentable disasters are not attributable to the
pilots, and, of course, that they cannot be traced to
any defect in the laws, then all the reasoning based
upon them must fall to the ground. Now, I think
I have satisfactorily demonstrated, that the pilots
are wholly guiltless of the charges made against
them; by consequence, the alleged defect in the
New York laws is unsustained—therefore, en this
ground, alone, I may assert that the act of Congress
is uncalled for.
I will not let the question rest here: but meet the
gentleman on his own ground. He thinks the pri-
vileges granted to the pilots assume the awful shape
of a monopoly. When I heard him denounce mo-
nopolies, I was in doubt whether to suspect or con-
gratulate him. But on further examination, I found
that his imagination had been employed to conjure
up a monster, that he might show with what indig-
nant eloquence he could lash him out of existence.
An enemy to monopolies myself, I am not inclined
to vindicate them; and did I think that the poor
privileges enjoyed by the pilots constituted a mo-
nopoly, I should notbe found among their abettors. ,
I am not geing to attempt a definition of the term:
like all forms of phrase in popular use, I believe
it tobe vague in its application. But in no objec-
tionable sense do the pilots enjoy a monopoly. I
say this abstractedly, without any reference to the
recent law of New York, which has destroyed every
thing to which the most fastidious could apply that
odious appellation. Let us judge the question by
comparison—the fairest, if not the most philosophi-
cal, mode of investigation,                                     I
Do lawyers enjoy a monopoly, because no one
can be admitted to practise at the bar, until he has
not only undergone a prescribed examination, but
until he has studied his profession a certain number
of years'! Do physicians enjoy a monopoly, be-
cause in a profession affecting so seriously the lives
of their fellow-citizens, they are obligated to spend
a definite number of years in the acquisition ol the
knowledge supposed necessary for successful prac-
tice, while others are prohibited from charging me-
dical fees who have not been subjected to the same
length of preliminary study? The lawyer and the
doctor are no monopolists; and yet the pilot is de-
nounced as one for claiming privileges far inferior.
His profession is purely local, and cannot be ren-
dered transferable. The young man who has stu-
died law or medicine in New York, may change
the scene of his labors with probable success, to
Iowa or Wiskonsin—the pilot is confined to the
channel with which years of hardship and vicissi-
tude have rendered Him familiar. The remunera-
tion of the pilot is fixed by law; the fees of the doc-
tor and the lawver are left to their own discretion.
Life and property are entrusted to the doctor and
the lawyer; yet they give no bond for the faithful
and successful performance of iheir duties: the pi-
lot is responsible for life and property in like man-
ner, but he is subject to heavy penalties, fully se-
cured on the conviction of delinquency. Will the
gentleman from New York vote for the revocation
of the privileges he enjoys? Will he agree that
any man, no matter how brief his time of prepara-
tory study, shall, asa physician, be allowed to tam-
per with the health and lives of our citizens? Will
he permit any one to risk, on the presumption of his
contracted knowledge, the property' of a client in a
suit at law, or the life of a fellow-citizen on a crimi-
nal trial? He denounces the pilot as a monopolist,
but suffers the lawyer and doctor untrammelled to
kill and defraud professionally. Is a doctor cen-
su red because he loses a patient? Is a lawy er ostra-
cised because his client is condemned? Why,
then, is a pilot to be convicted unheard and untried,
because a vessel is wrecked through no fault of his
whatever? If a vessel had been run ashore with a
view to defraud the underwriters, quilt must be
fairly proved before sentence can be pionounced.
But in this case the whole body of pilots is de-
nounced, because two vessels were wrecked, without
any possible imputation even on those, who, in the
opinion of the grand jury, might have averted the
calamity by a suitable degree of caution.
The pilots monopolists! Would a mechanic, ac-
cording to the usual regulations, be allowed to work
in any shop, unless he had served a regular appren-
ticeship? Is this rule banned as a monopoly?
Would a merchant be allowed to trade in New
York without being subjected to the usual restriction
oí the mercantile laws? Could even the poor orange
dealers, who grace the sidewalks of Broadway, sell
their fruit without subjection to the license of the
city? Doctors, lawyers, merchants, and retailers,
enjoy a greater monopoly than the pilots ever could
boast, and yet are tolerated in their privileges with-
out an objection; while the pilots, restricted as they
were, and still more, restricted as they now are by
the State law, cannot find sympathy, nor even justice.
But few as were the privileges boasted by the
pilots—privileges far more contracted than those
enjoyed by every other profession—even these few
have been diminished by a late law of the State.
Paltry as were their immunities, when they were
obliged to labor under the oppression of a fixed
compensation, which produced necessarily the
combination so much vilified, these immunities
have been much narrowed. There was, if the
question be judged by comparrison, no monopoly
before 1837; and now, if any thing, they suffer op-
pression. The law of the State has driven from
the sight of the keenest vision the faintest shadow of
alleged monopoly. If the law of Congress was un-
just and unnecessary formerly, it is more so now.
When this is proved, my object is accomplished. If
I succeed, I cannot but think that even the New York
delegation should be in favor of the repeal of the
law of 1837. One of them indeed already has pro-
fessed his willingness to vote for the repeal of the
act of Congress, provided an amendment could be
engrafted on the law of New York, which would
destroy the general combination among the pilots.
This combination is the alleged cause of all the
evils complained of; and if it be done way with, he
f^nts the law of Congress to be wholly nugatory,
can inform him that a section enacting all he de-
sires i  to be found in the act, entitled "An act for
the licensing .and government of the pilots of the
