568
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
$6th Cowg "*1st Skss.
should not be regarded.   For a moment, I confess, I
I was under the impression that this argument was
not meant to be serious.   But the earnestness with
which it was pressed, soon convinced me of my
error.   What! is this principle advocated in an
American Congress'}   Must we lend no ear to the
prayer of a citizen aggrieved, unless his position
js endorsed by those  by whom he is oppressed'?
Must a court refuse to issue a writ of habeas at the
prayer of a prisoner, unless his prayer is backed
by the authority that imprisoned him?   If the Ex-
ecutive should dismiss an officer from the army,
must Congress-refuse all attention to his petition,
unless the President should unite with him in a
concurrent memorial?   Such an argument is too
ridiculous for a reply.   And yet it has been strenu-
ously urged as a sufficient reason why we should
dismiss the memorial of the pilots.  We must give
no attention to their prayer, because it is not en-
dorsed by other portions of the community.   Nay,
further, it is argued that no mischief, nay, rather
benefit has been done to the community at large,
by the reform which it is pretended, has been pro-
duced by the law of Congress, because no com-
plaints have been heard from any except the pilots
themselves.   The argument is consistently ridicu-
lous.   Suppose Congress, in the plenitude of its
wisdom, should enact a law (and it has been asked
to do many things as strange) fixing at a low rate
the wages of any one class or mechanics, or, if you
please, f f the day laborer, without establishing any
such regulation for other trades or professions. No
doubt the balance of the community would be be-
nefited by receiving the articles produced by that
one trade at a proportionately low price, while the
other trades wouldbeleftto exact, without restric-
tion of law, what payment they please for their own
productions.   The mass of the community would
not complain; remonstrances Wiuld be heard but
from the members of one profession.   This would
be sufficient, according to the argument .used in re-
ference to the pilots, why we should turn a deaf
ear to those remonstrances.   The community does
not suffer or complain—only one poor class of it is
oppressed   for   the benefit   of  the   rest.     This
argument may embody some recondite theory' of
pretended philosophy, but it is in contradiction
to the plain principles of common justice.     It is
idle to say that no injury is done to the commu-
nity.     In a Republican Government, at least, no
injury can be inflicted long on the community by
the operation of any law.   Oppression can rest on
a part—generally on a small part—only of the
community.   To redress injustice done to a small
number of citizens, must be the only case in which
petitions will be presented to Congress.   If a law
oppressed   a   majority,   or   even a  large num-
ber,   there   would   be no   petition.    It is real-
ly   a   wonderful   discovery,    that   the   fact   of
a petition being presented is a sufficient reason
for its rejection.     The friends of despotism can
find in the gentleman from New York a worthy
recipient of  magnificent present, for the origi-
nation of a doctrine which justifies their royal
masters in treading under foot the petitions of
their subjects.
Mr. Speaker, I fear I have trespassed too long
on the time and patience of the House; but I wish
to comment on insinuations, as well as to reply
to arguments; I trust,   therefore,  you will  bear
with me a few moments longer.   Sinister motives
have been attributed to me, as well as to others.
I, at least, have been actuated by no preposses-
sions, either political or personal.   As I have al-
ready stated, I am no volunteer in this matter.   I
have been driven  into the position which I at
present occupy by the importunities of the gentle-
man who now stands opposed to me.     In con-
science, I feel obnoxious to no imputations. While
he so hastily invents motives for me, will he be
equally ingenious in fathoming and expounding the
motives of himself, in his opposition here, and of his
friends in New York.   How does it hapnen, that
after a pilot of his own city has conducted a ves-
sel from sea into harbor, a New Jersey pilot ob-
tains the privilege,  contrary to usual practice, of
taking her out, even when the New York pilot is in
waiting,  and is entitled, according to previous
usage, to pilot her out?   The gentleman is skilled
in detecting motives: he pretends to implicate mine.
Lei him prove his necromantic powers by expound-
ing ihe reasons for this injustice.   That such is the
fact, I have the authority of the commissioners.   I
leave to his perspicacity to explain the motives. I
The commissioners of pilots, in a letter to me, un- I
er date of June 4, 1840, use the following Ian- J
Independent Treasury—Mr. Burke.
guage: " The New Jersey pilots are in the constant
practice of carrying to sea such vessels as our New
York pilots bring in from sea." This might be
accounted for by those who have witnessed the pro-
scription, which is brought to bear, not only in
public stations, but made to visit us in the sacred
relations of private life. But I will not indulge
in speculation. Here is the fact. The gentle
man .from New York is the self-constituted ex-
pounder of motives. I leave the case with him.
Mr. Speaker, I trust that I have successfully
shown that the charge of criminal neglect of duty,
urged against the pilots of New York—which gave
birth to the act of Congress of March, 1837—is
utterly groundless. I have shown that even under
the law of 1819, they enjoyed no greater monopoly
than seems to be claimed by other professions. I
have proved that under the State law of 1837, so
far from luxuriating in the advantages of a mono-
poly, they are, in fact, subjected to unequal compe-
tition. I have proved that no combination ex-
ists; and that its annihilation is attributable
solely to the operation of the State law. I
have proved that the act of Congress was
productive of no beneficial effect; but, on
the contrary, that all its tendencies are mis-
chievous. I have proved that while it does not
benefit the communty, it is unjust and oppressive to
the pilots. Are these not sufficient reasons for its
repeal? Ii they are, I demand its rescisión, not in
the humble posture of a mendicant supplicating fa-
vors, but in the upright attitude of an American
Representative, claiming the rights of freemen;
asking that the first principles-of our Government
should be maintained, by extending equal protection
to all. With the facts thus clear, and the reasoning
thus conclusive, what honest motive can there be
for a recommittal ? No object can be gained by
such a course, except present delay and ultimate
evasion of ¿iction. Delay and evasion are as un-
just as a direct refusal to Tepeal.
But, sir, while I denounce the law as unjust, I
equally conceive it to be dangerous.   I believe it
to be a crafty invasion of the rights of the States.
The wound is, perhaps, too slight to be pronounced
mortal; but it may extend and fester and become
incurable.   It is but a puncture—almost impercep-
tible, but it is not therefore the less to be dreaded.
Tolerate but this invasion of the rights of the States,
and it will be but the advance-guard of a more
formidable attack.   Do not suffer   the   unmean-
ing    cry    of    monopoly    (umeaning    in   this
instance) to seduce you into   the  sanction  of a
fatal precedent.   The  States have been too long
passive under the usurpations of the General Go-
vernment, based on reckless latitude of construc-
tion of the Constitution; it is time they should be
roused from their supineness, and not submit to the
most trivial infraction of their rights.
Adverse as I am, Mr. Speaker, to trespass on the
patience of the House, I trust no apology will be
expected for the remarks which the conscientious
discharge of my duty, and an imperative regard
for justice, compelled me to make. All I desire is
legislation, not for the oppression of any, but for
the equal protection of all. These, sir, are not the
times to subject one portion of the community to
the tender mercies of another. No conflict between
capital and labor should be tolerated. These are the
days, this the country, of freedom. The castle of
the strong should not be suffered to batter down the
abode of the humble. -Law is the barrier which pre-
vents the unequal collision between the rights of
the weak and the interests of the.powerful. Le-
gislation should be precise, definite, and ample.
It should leave no room either for the chicanery of
the crafty lawyer, or the loose construction of over-
bearing power. This is not the period for partial
or conflicting legislation. When the political storm
is raging, the laws of the country should serve as
a lightning-rod for the preservation of the Repub-
lican edifice of equal rights and equal privileges.
They should cautiously protect the weak and the
humble, who are too often made to serve as con-
ductors for the electric flashes of political ven-
geance. By their influence power should be made
to feel its impotency for purposes of oppression,
whilst weakness should find within itself no justifica-
tion for culpable negligence. Whilst, in this case,
they should guard with jealous scrutiny the interests
of those who en joy the pampered ease of luxurious
indulgence, they should not be unmindful of the
hardy mariner, who lives amidst the war of ele-
ments—
" iVhose bark i« on the mountain ware,
What* horns is on the deep."
H. ot Heps.
\     SPEECH OF MR. BURKE,
\           /           OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,
Jn the/Howe of Representativa, June 13, 1840—
I On /he Independent Treasury b,ll, in Committee
I of me Whole on the state of the Union.
\MJr. BURKE rose and said:
Mr. Chairman: I have some facts and conside-
rations, connected with the bill now before the
committee, which I wish to present to the country.
And I will say at the outset, that I make my speech
to be read by the people—for home consump-
tion—not to be listened to by gentleman here; and
as 1 make no pretensions to the arts and graces of
oratory, I shall endeavor to gain the ear of the peo-
ple, and arrest their attention, by the simple power
of argument alone—by presenting to their minds
some of the facts and reasons which induce me to
give my support to the bill upon your table.
Sir, I regard the bill now under discussion in this
committee, as one of the most important measures
in its results and consequences, that was ever pre-
sented for the action of a deliberative assembly.
It is most emphatically the People's Bill. It is, in
troth, a second Declaration of Independence. It
involves the great question of the currency; and
that question embraces in its fcope and effects, the
liberties, the morals, and the highest interests of so-
ciety. And, sir, as I did not live at the time, and
could not sign the fir-t sacred charter of our liber-
ties, I rejoice that I do live at this time, and shall
have an opportunity to record my name in favor of
this gre.it measure of deliverance—not from
th  dominion of a tyrant beyond the Atlantic, but
from the sway and supremacy of a more subtle and
dangerous foe—a m )neybd despotism. That, sir, is
the despotism of a civilized and intellectual age,
the kind of despotism which we ate obliged to en-
counter.
But, Mr. Chairman, I have some views in con-
nection with this subject, which 1 wish to present to
the consideration of the people of this country; and,
in order to obtain for those views more curren-
cy,! wish to give them an endorsement in the form
of a speech, from this hall. That, sir, is the object
of my rising on this occasion.
Regarding the bill now before the committee as
a very important one in its Ultimate effects and
consequences, I did design to consider, briefly, some
of its leading principles and features. But
those who have gone before me in this debate,
have already anticipated what I have got to say
in relation to the character of the bill. In truth,
Mr. Chairman, in regard to the nature of the bill
itself, nothing new can be said with which the peo-
ple are not already acquainted. The details of the
bill are familiar to the intelligent citizens of this
Republic—to that portion of them, at least, who
read, think, and reflect. I shall not, therefore, troa 
ble the committee with any remarks in relation to a
subject, with the nature of which all must now be
familiar. Bat there are effects ascribed to this bill,
and consequences which it is said will grow out of
it, with regard to which I do mean to say some-
thing.
Mr. Chairman, I have something to say to (he
farmers and laboring men of this country in con-
nection with this bill. That class, sir, I have al-
ways lived amongst. They compose the great
body of my constituents. It is that class who sent
me here; and they sent me here, because, in
another sphere, I advocated, with zeal and fidelity,
what they believe to be their best interests. I will
not desert them now. When their interests are
assai'ed, humble as I am, I will rise in their de-
fence, here or elsewhere. When attempts are
made to mislead their minds in relation to their own
true interests, I will endeavor to expose the motive
which prompts the effort to deceive, and the fraud
and hypocrisy which seek to conceal that motive
under the garb of a professed solicitude for their
welfare.
But more to the point. Prodigious efforts
have been made to persuade the farmers and
laborers of this country to believe, that their
interests are to be peculiarly affected by the opera-
tion of this bill, and to alarm those meritorious
classes into an opposition to it. It has been
assumed—I say assumed, without the shadow of
I fact to support such an assamption—by an honora-

