June, 184Ó.____________
26tH CoNS«« tST Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
STS
Independent Treasury—Mr. Burke.
H. of Reps.
rests rf the workingmjn, and should, therefore, be
opposed by them.
This, Mr, is ihe argjment put forth from a high j
pcs.tion, [the H' n. Mr. Davis,] reiterated here,
¿nil trumpeted by all the preces of that par-
ty ¡hrrughout the Union. It is, that'the wages
of labor in this country, in which the papjr sy.-tem
reigns supreme, are high as compatel with the dif-
ferent countries of Europ;, which the Whig cham-
pions of the woikin* classes contend are "hard i
money de-po'hms " And hence paper money is
the Iriend of liberty and the poor man, and harJ
men y the friend of despotism and the enemy of
the poor man.
I wiil, Mr. Chairman, first despatch the Whig
argument upon this subject, and then *how the
true causes which tend to taise and depress the
wages of later.
1 conce !e, at once, that the wages of the laborer ]
are low in all the countries of Europe. Indeed,
sir, we have but a faint idea of the degradation,
po?er'y, and misery of the working classes m
European countries. Now if the Governments of
those coantt its are in fact "hard money" Govern-
ments, as "the Fcdiral advocates of the ltborer
contend, ¡here would be some plausibility in the
assertion that a metallc currency is the caus.e of
the low wagfs and fie poor rewards of labor in
Europe. But if it turns out to bi the fact
tint those very countries of Europe are like our
own, "paper money" Governments, instead of
"hsr.l mouej" despotisms, thin, sir, the Whig ar-
gument is completely exploded. Or if it turns out
to be the fart, that wages in all the countries of
Europe, whether the currency ci cu'ating in them
be paper or metallic, are at the same rate of depres-
sion, then the Whig argument is alike exploded.
I shall no? proceed to show that many ol the
countries of Eutoje aie paper money coun'ries;
and that in those countries in which a metallic cur-
rency circulates, wages are as high as they are in
paper money countries. If I show this, sir, other
causes must be assigned for the depressed condition
of the laborer than that he lives in a, country in
which specie alone circulates, and is the victim of
a "hard meney despotism."
On this subject, Mr. Chairman, I have collected
amass of facts from the most authentic sources,
and shall, to avoid all doubt or dispute as to their
accuracy, give my authority.   I begin with
ENGLAND.
Wages of labor.—la ordinary times, the poor
laborer gets from $2 50 to |3 per week. In sea-
sons of dis'rrs*, be gets but $2. In each case he
is obliged to find his own board and lodging.--See
Wade's History of the Working Classes, page 538,
and testimony taken before the anti-corn law meet-
ing, London, March 26, 1839.
Government.—A limited monarchy.
Currency. Eagland, like this country, is a pa-
per money country. In 1310, after the suspension
ofspecis payments by the Bank of England, its
circulation was almost exclusively paper. Its
amount at that time was 220,500,000—See Mr.
Woodbury's table of circulations, House Docu-
ment No. 27, 21 session, 23d Congress.
FRANCE.
Wages.—-The laborer averages, the year through,
16 cents rer day —See British Consular Reports,
pases 6,22, 30, and 39.
Government.—A limited monarchy.
Currency.—Specie and paper—the formsr pre-
dominating.—Sse Mr. W's tabk of circulations.
CORSICA.
Wages —The male laborer gets 24 cents a day,
and the female 11 cents.—Con. Rep. 64.
Government.—Subject to France.
Currency.—In Corsica wages are paid in specie.
PRUSSIA.
Wages.—The male laborer ges from 8to 13
eents par day for the longest days, and about one-
third less daring <he shortest days, The female
gets a little more than half as much—Con. Rep.
p. 76.
Government___A despotism.
Currency__Papef and* specie—the lattei pre-
dominating.—Mr. Writable of circulations.
_                          GBRHAKY.
Wftges,-~Tbe male laborer get  from  13. to 19
cents per day.   The female gels about three-fifths
as much.—Con. Reps. p. 85.
Government.—A despotism.
Currency—The circulation of  Germany is a
mixture of paper and specie, and ai times the for-
mer has b-jen great y depreciated.
HOLLAND AND BELGIUM.
Wagrs —A regular farm male servant gets from
$22 to $28 per annum.    A female servant is paid
half as much    Laborers get from 18 to 20 stivers
in the summer, and from 14 to 16 in the winter.—
Con. Rep. p. 125.
Government.—A limited monarchy.
Currency.—The circulation of Holland and Bel-
gium isa mixture of pap^r and specie, the  latter
greatly predominating.
AUSTRIAN PROVINCES.
Wages—Trieste. A field laborer gets one shilling
ste.lmg (22 cents) per day, one half of which is
deducted if board and lo Igmg is found.   Milan.
The head man g ts from one to two livres per day
in harvest time; half that amount at other  times.
Genoa.   Laborers receive from 51. to 81. per day
besides thfir diet.    Leghorn.    The day laborer
gets 61 a day and food  in summer.—Con. Reps,
pp. 154, 162, 165, 168, at;d 169.
Government.— \ despotism.
Currency.—The circulation of Austria is half
paper and half specie.—Mr. W's table of circula-
tion.
RUSSIA.
Wages.—There is no such thing as wages paid
to laborers in Rassia; the laborer being bought and
sold with the soil on which he lives.   He is a mere
slave.
Government.—A despotism.
Currency.—Tne circulati >n of Russia is almost
entirely paper, wh'ch is  depreciated two-thirds in
value, one specie rouble being worth three paper
roubles.—Mr. W's table of circulations.
CUBA.
I have no authentic information from this coun-
try. Iris said, however, that wages are high, the
slave earning $1 50 per day. Mechanic labor is
three dollars per day.
Government.—Subject to Spain; a limited mo-
narchy.
Currency.—Entirely specie.
Thus, Mr. Chairman, it will be perceived by the
facts I have stated, that in all the different countries
of Europe, whether the circulation be paper or
metallic, or a mixture of both, the wages of the
laboree are very much depressed, being at nearly
the same rate ia all those countries. In England,
sir, they are a Utile higher than in some of the
countries of the continent, but even in that country
the laborer is as much depressed as in countries in
which his wages are a little lower. To show the
condition of the farm laborer in England, I copy
from the testimony taken before the anti-corn law
meeting, held in London in 1839:
" Wm. Holman examined. 1 am a farm laborer. I have
been employed in North Town five years. I have a wife and
four children. My wages are 8s per week (about $2 ) Some
times I have received 7a and three pints of cider. The latter
was worth Is 6J. I now reaeive Is instead My eldest girl is
employed occasionally, and then receives 8d per day. At pre-
sent they can get no employment. They consume six loa ves of
bread a week—made of second flour. The loal is 74/1. In the
week we consume 16d worth of potatoes. We have sometimes,
in the course of the week, ljd of skimmed m.lk, and at other
time , half a dozen salt herrings, at 8d per dozen. In the course
of a month, we might get 21bs of meat at 5Jd per lb. Every
two weeks we have a pound of bacon at 7d—that and the fish
last a fortnight. When we have meat, we don't have bacon
for three weeks after. We have jib cocoa a week, at 3d. We
cannot afford sugar. We hav3 1 lb. salt at id. We have Jib.
candles at 6d per lb. My rent is 2s per week. I have not
bought any clothes for five years; a gentleman gave me some
old ones. When bread and potatoes were cheap, I could buy
saw. clothes, but as long as they remain as at present, I am
certain I cannot. I sent a child to school sometime back,but
could not afford to pay 2d per week. Somo years ago bread
wa  cheaper, but wage  were the «ame. Bread has risen,
but wages not. lam in debt seven weeks' rent. I have been
steadily employed for five years."
An able writer remarks:
"Here is an Intelligent farm laborer of persevering industry,
who, with hiiwife ami four children, six souls, received per
week            -          -          "          -         •          •          - 8s Od
They consume six loaves at 7£d     -          - 3s II d
Potatoes        -          •          •         •          • 1    4 d
Milk......IJd
Herrings       -         -         -         •                 4 d
Bacon            .....       3¿a
Cocoa, salt and candles                 -                 6 d
Rent......2s
"With (his. «mall Ux* h* goe  behindhand Sd, consequently i 
in, debt seven weeks' rent.' This is the condition of the labor-
ing classes in England, where the paper system prevailsto i'a
fullest extent, and the evidence of this man shows conclusively
that his condition has become worse, as the paper currency haa
increased. He says four or five years ago, he could live as well,
and buy some clothes, which now he cannot do—'bread has ad-
vanced and wages not.' Four or five years ago the numerous
jour, stock bank* in England first began to exert that influence
on business which resulted, 1,1 connection with similar causes
here, in producing the explosion of 1836. In that period im-
mense fortunes were made, and speculation ran not; but at the
same lime the condition of iho firm laborer, who was produc-
ing the actual wea'th of the countiy, was growing worse."
In thoce countries in ulrch wages are actually
lower than they are in England, the difference is
more than made up by the greater cheapness of all
árdeles of comfort and necessity. I copy from the
cotiMilar reports, foi example, the prices of cloth-
ing for a labo'er in Cor.-ica:
j      Jacket,    lasting  24 month.*, 8 francs
dp,          do.     "      do.     1   do. 50 centimes
I      Waistcoat, do.     36    do.     4   do.
Pautaloons,dü.    18     di.      5   do.
Shirt,         do.     12     do.      3    do. 50    "
Pair of shoes,       6    do.      6   do.
28 francs.
About p 25.
The laborer, as I have before shown, gets 24
cents a day in Corsica. He would, therefore, be
obliged to work 22 days to earn th: clothing
which will last him nearly two years. In the
United State--, ths wotkingman cannot be clothed
short of $40 per annum, and therefore if he re-
ceived fl per day for his labor, he woald be
obliged to work 40 days in order to clothe him-
self. The wotkingman gains nothing by high
wages, if every thing he wants in the shape of
food and clothing is higher in proportion than his
wages.
Now, Mr. Chairman, these are facts, stubborn
fact*, from wheh there is no escape. And what,
are tie plain and ¡rresisible deductions from
them? We observe, in the first place, that the
wages of the laborer in all the countries of Eu-
rope, are but a mere pittance, just sufficient to
keep body and soul together. In England, a
"paper money" country, with a currency more
like cur own than any other, the wages of labor are
nearly as low (lower in comparison with the prices
of provisions &c. consumed in families) as in any
other country, in which the circulation is, in the
main, specie. And in Russia, the worst paper
money Government in Europe, with a paper cur-
rency greatly depreciated, more so than our cur-
rency ha* ever been in its worst condition, the la-
borer is a mere slave, and bought and sold with the
estate en which he happens to live.
In order to show that it is not a paper currency
which elevates the wages of labor, I will exhibit a
table of the wages paid for weaving, as connected
with the currency at different periods, in England.
TABLE.
CIRCULATION.
Year.
Paper
Specie.
Reeds.
Fineness
Shoots
Wages

m'll's.-
milt's.

of twist.
across.
per yd.
I79Ü,

101
60
70
112
1«. 6d.
179 t,
115
96
60
64
121
Is. 2d.
H10,"
2201

60
64
120
6d.
1815,'
278*
144
60
64
120
6d.

{Hazai oVs Statistical Register
,vol. 2, p. 264; and


Mr.
Woodbury's Table
of Circulations.
Thus it will be seen that, in 1796, before the sus-
pension of specie paymen s by the Bank of Eng-
land, and before specie had been driven from that
country, and given place to an inundation of pa-
per, the weaver got one shilling and sixpence for
weaving a yard of cloih. As paper money became
more abundant, and consequently more depreciated,
the wages or the weaver fell in nominal price, and
in real compensation. When paper was most
abundant, and when, according to the Whig argtt*
ment, wages should have been highest, they were
in fact the lowest, having depreciated two-tJUrds.
Now, Mr. Chairman, is not the conclusion irre-
sistible, that the kind of currency is not the cause
of the great depression of the wages of labor in
Euro pel For, sir, we have teen $ t the poor la-
borer is equally depressed in all the countries in
Europe, whether they be "paper money," or "hard
money," despotisms.
Now, sir, what are the causes of the low wages
•Swpewton «f apéela p*y*eow-
