574
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840
Stjth Cono«***1st Ssss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Burke.
H. ot Reps-
of labor in Earope, if they are not to be found in
the kind of emrency in use there? I answer, ihey
are to be lound in ihe political and social in^ti u-
tions of those countries. There, sir, the poor h-
borer is m truth enslaved. He is tvd down by 'he
irresistible force of circumstances, w.mh nino: bin
to his employer, with cords as potent .*s ihos" nh.'i
bind the slave to his master. There weauh and po- v-
predominate over the people. Thfo the hangh..
and arrogant capitalist, whether he be It- 'ord, with
his ancestral acres, or the manufacturing monopo-
list, with his accumulated millions, has usurped the
power of legislation and the authority ot Govern-
ment. They wield it for their their own aggran-
dizement, and, through its agency, they have esta-
blished, even in England, a despotism over the la-
boring masses, nearly as oppressive and implaca-
ble as that which exists in Russia. Having the
power over the laborer and operative, they doom
him to unremitting toil, from the morning dawn to
the setting sun, and then wrench from him all bis
earnings, except a bare pittance, ju.it sufficient
to keep him in existence, that they may riot
in plenty, luxury, and profligacy. Tnese are
the causes of the great depression and degradation
of the workingmen of Europe. They are to be
found, sir, in the social and political institutions of
the countries of that portion of the world, which
wrest from the laborer his political right*, and then
rob and plunder him of the produce of hi; sweat
and toil.
Here, Mr. Chairman, in this country, the para-
dise of the poor, if there is any for them any where
on this earth, the workmgmau moves upon a dif-
ferent theatre. The spirit of freedom ennobles
him. Tht gkiious inst.tutions of ojr country
place him upon the p!atiorm of equality wiih the
proudest and the most powerful, anl clothe him
wiih that potent weapon, the ba'lot, to protect
and defend h.mself from the enctoachments
of power and wealth. W.th that most
potent weapon in his hand—more potent than
the monarch's sctptre—with a consciousness of
his power and his rights stamped upon his heart,
and with the enthusiasm of liberty stirring up the
noble impulses of his sou', the woikingman of
this country cannot be enslaved. Here the capital-
ist and the employer cannot degrade the workingman
toiheconditUnoi theserfsof Europe,nordepuvc rum
of the just earnings of his labor. In addition to
the protection which onr institutions give him, the
vast national domain, still unset;led, offers him aa
asylum against tbr oppression of the emp'oyer.
If the capitalist turns him oat of employment, he
can go to the great West, cultivate ihe soil, and be-
come not only comfortable, but independent in his
eondition. And, sir, the very consciousness that
the soil which gives him subsistet ce is his own,
inspires him with the spirit of independence, and
gives him .he soul of a freeman. He would not
then humb'e himself before his arrogant employer,
and sacrifice the sacred right of freedom of opinion
and conscience, to save I ¡m=elf from starvation.
No, sir, the God of Heaven is the almoner of the
bounties he receives, and virtuous industry the
means by which he secures ¡hem. Here, then,
the laborer cannot Le degraded while our pre-
sent institutions exist. But the wages of labor
.«ay be affected, to some extent, by the same causes
which opera'e to produce the rise and fall in ihe
prices of property. I will take the same periods to
illustrate this point.
Doting the war, the wager of labor were high.
The causes were: l*t. An expansión of ¡lis cur-
rency. 2d. The supply of labor was not so great
in proportion to the demand as at oiner tim*s. Men
were called from the productive pursuits as before
stated, to the field and the ocean, to serve their
country. Thus the number of producers was
reduced, while the consumers increased; jabor be-
came more scarce, and consequently rm re valuable,
and wages rose. In 1819 they fell in ^ome degree,
from the same causes which led to the fall ot ihe
prices of property.
During the corresponding period, from 1833 to
1839, the same phenomena in cause and effect are
to be observed. The banks expanded their circu-
lation—that was one cause. The fever of specu-
lation and of viwonar/ enterprise commenced.
The States as well as individual embarked in ex-
tensive vcfirme-i ot internal improvement. This
diverted a lar¡¡e aa ount ot labor trom the produc-
tive pursuits. The amount ot labor left wastheie-
fore less, and the waies ot labor were propoition-
ably enhanced. Others embarked in sppcilaikn,
th'.'S divemig- another portion if labor lnm the
pn ¡uctive pursuits, and tending to elevate, wages.
A scarcity ot crops, as before shown, intervened,
theieby increasing the value of agnculturil pro-
duo s, and enhancing the wages of those who pro-
duce!, them.
The causes which have tended to reduce the
wages of labor, it ihey have suffered mach reduc-
tion, are a contrac:ion of the currency—a suspen-
sion of works of internal improvement, thus throw-
ing back laree numbers of laborers to the pursuits of
agriculture—good seasons and bountiful crops—the
same causes which opera'ed to depress the prices
of property.
Now, Mr. Chairman, these effects were prima-
rily produced by the banks and by Providence it-
sell. The banks, sir, were the cau«e of the extra-
ordinary expansions and contractions of the cur-
rency, which accomplished most of the mischief.
And God himself gave us good seasons or bad;
plenty or scarcity of crops. As I said before,
the earth is his, the genial sunshine is his, th  re-
freshing ransareh.s, the cold and the heat are
sent by him. He dt>pcnscsall as suits htm be,-,!, and
for the best in the end. Yet all the effects of the
canses which I have assijned, are unjustly and
falsely charged by the Wh'g orators and presses,
to ihe measures of the Government.
Sir, ihe Government is not in lault. It has en-
deavored, by its own acts and measures, to prevent
the efJecs of the mad career of the banks. Yet,
with an andacity unparallelled, the advocates of
thise arrogant and soulless corporations charge
the very sms which they commit, to ihe Govern-
ment.   Was ever such lmpudenc* surpassed?
On the contrary, the Administration and the De-
mocratic party have attempted to arrest the high-
handed course of corporate and associate wealth,
in its lawless march to power, aggrandizement,
and despotism, to which it aims and aspires. And
hence, sir, its bitter, unrelenting, and persevering
hostility to th? party in power.
Having assigned the causes which have operated
to producs the rise anl fall in the prices of proper-
ty and the wages of labor, I must be pardoned by
"ihe co-nmiiiee i. I now cue a little authority, a lit-
tle Whig autnonty, in f-tvor of the views 1 have
just advanced. 1 read from the message of the
Hon. John Daviv, now Senator from Massachu-
setts, while he was Governor of that State, to the
Legislature, in 1834:
"Fluctuations visit all who have property, and all who work
toacquire it, wall lnjuiy, au'l compel them to submit to severe
sacrifices. What is calfed a 'carmy of money, only means
that the banks do not discoum. Under a pressure thus occa-
sioned, we have seen (before 1833) good estates dwindle, unul
I heir possessors were left bankrupt. We have seen LABOR
EBS THROWN OUT OF EMPLOY, OR THEIR WAGES
GREATLY REDUCED; and business either suspended or
dragging those engaged in it lowatds ruin. We have seen, al-
so, ¡rreat anxiety and dismay pervade the whole public I"
Again:
"Believing that under our present system we may be again
witness of these scenes of suffering, I cannot relinquish the
hope that ywur wi^ddn [a Whig Legislature] will devise some
way of giving grea er stability to the local currency."
And again:
"Experience has long since pioved thata METALLIC CUR-
RENCY is lea-t 'laVe to fluctuations, and it it, to be hoped the
eirliestoppouunuy will be seized loretttrn to it so far at least
as to rectify the pj esent credit system of paper currency,
and prevent it-< pf miaous fluctuations "
These, sir, were the sound views of the statesman
in 1834. I offset fhem against the views of the
politician, as exhib.'ed in the recent speech of
the same honorable gentleman during the present
session. It will be seen, when he spoke as a states-
man, he assigned like causes for the distress of
that period, an^l the depression of the wages of labor,
to those wh.ch I have assigned.
I have no«', Mr. Chairman, got through with
my demonstration of the proolem of fluctuations in
the prices of property and the wages of labor. In-
timately connected with the subject of currency is
the subject of exchanges.
One of the great argumenls of the Opposition in
favor of a National Bank, which lhat party sup-
port as the antagonist of the Independent Treasury,
is, that it is necessary to regulate the exchanges of
the country; and Ihe lecent derangement of the ex-
changes, the advocates of that panv contend, is to
be attributed to the want of a National Bank.
Convinced, as I am, that the views of ihe Opposi-
tion party, who support the banks, are not founded
in fact, I will now proceed to demonstrate, by facts
and figures, the problem of fluctuations in ex-
changes.
To illu"Ura'e the matter clearly and concisely aa
possible, I will, at the outset, explain what is tech-
nically understood by the mercm'ile term of
Exchanges.
It gtows o'U of the ira le between two given
points, or, what is the same thing, two different
comn.unities or nations—like New York and New
Orleans, or the United States and England. The
trade between communities or nations is like the
trad^ between two individuals. One has commo-
dities of different kinds, wh'ch it exchanges with
the other for commodities which the latter possesses.
The main branch of the trade is upon the batter
principle. But, sir, by and by the parties adjnst
their account. They run up the debtor and credi-
tor sides of the ledger, and they find that one com-
munity has had more of the commodities of the
(ther than it has paid for in commodities of its own.
It is, therefore, in debt to the amount of the diffe-
rence, and that debt must be paid in money, or its
equivalent—that money or its equivalent must be
transferred by the debtor conntry to the creditor
country, in order to balance the account. If, in-
stead of monry, the operation is performed in cash
funds, it ¡s technically called exchan?e. It the
currencies of the two points or two countries ara
the same in value, the c'ifference of exchange will
be simply the cost and risk of transmitting cash
funds ffom ope country to the other. But if the
currency is more depreciated in one conntry than
in the o'her, the rate of exchange is just the diffe-
rence between the value of the currency of the
conntry in which it is depreciated, and the value of
the currency in the country in which it is sound.
In mercantile parlance, the operation of transfer-
ring balances in cash funds, is called exchange, and
the difference in the value of the currencies of the
two countries, the rate of exchange.
Now, Mr. Chairman, a' to the causes which tend
to increase or decrease the nominal iates of ex-
change.
1.  The first cau^e is 'he balance of trade, which
creates a demand for exchange; or, in otner words,
for specie funds, and which tenrts to increase the
demand in proportion to the supply in the market.
This cause will always operate.
2.  The second and most powerful cause which
tends to the derangement of the exchange*, and to
increase iheir nominal rates, is the depreciation of
the currency at one point, or at both. If the cur-
rency is deranged in one country, and sound in ihe
other, the sound currency is the par standard by
which the rates are graduated. If the currency is
unsound at both points, the derangement increases,
and the matter becomes more complicated.
I shall now, sir, proceed to illustrate this point by
facts and figures. In the first place, I will take the
exchanges between New York and London. We
find, Mr. Chairman, on looking into the tables ex-
hioiting the rate* of exchange, that the^premium or
rate in New York for exchange on London, is from
7 to 9 7-10 per cent, when it is not affected by any
great demand. Thus, it lakes of the currency of
New York $109 7-10 to pay adebtofflOÜ in Lon-
don. Thecausj of this difference is this: In the
prices cnrr*niofNew York, $4 44 4-9 are assumed
as the par of exchange on England. That sum is
the pouud sterling, according to ihe old valuation
of American coinage, expressed in dollars and
cents. By the law of Congress of 1834, American
gold was depreciated in value 9 7-10 per cent, as
compared with the value of English gold. Thus
one dollar in gold of the English coinage is worth
one dollar 9 7-10 cents ot American gold, according
to our new valuation. The English sovereign—the
gold com representing the-pound sterling—is now
worth $4 87 and a fraction, instead of $4 44 4-9,
making a little over 43 cents difference. This con-
stitutes the main difference in the rates of exchange
between the two countries.   In other words, if we
