irs
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1840.
*6th Cono*«"1st Sasa.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Athcrlon.
T*
H. of Heps.
Mr. ATHBRTON said:'Mr. CiutaM*!*: It was
not my intention to have troubled the committee
with aay remarks on this («ill, wh*A lias been the
subject of so moca discussion heretofore, in both
Houses of Congress, and; throughout ihe country.
Bat harmg been instrumental nn bringing the bill
befóte the committee for confideration, it may be  i
supposed incumbent upon aft to reply 10 the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts (Mr.  Ct^hing) who
nas moved to strike out tjfe enacting clause, and
supported his motion \# an elaborate argument.
And I can only r-gret (hat, on account of the ill-
ness of my fnend, the/chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, [Mr. Jokes] who,  I rejoice
lo see, is so far recovered as to be present in his
sent, tbii doty is not to be performed by one who
would discharge it in a manner so much more able
and acceptable.
It affords a good omen for the character of the
debate on which we have entered, that the gentle-
•nan from Massachusetts, notwithstanding the
great variety of topics enlarged upon by him, has
introduced only those which legitimately appertain
to the discussion of the measure before us. Though
h« did once allude to a certain Dr. Harrison, were
it not that he is too well disciplined to suffer his
feelings to betray him into any improper degree of
enthusiasm, perhaps even that slight aberration
•night be attributed to that sort of admiration, or,
as it has been somewhere termed, "Boswelhsm,"
which a biographer may be pardoned for feeling
towards his hero.
In confining my remarks to those subjects pro-
perly connected with the bill, it will be my endea-
vor to imitate his commendable example. With-
out further preface I will, therefore, proceed to
stale, as briefly as I may, the principles which I
conceive to be involved in the measure, and some
of the considerations which suggest themselves as
favorable toils adoption.
It will occur to those who have examined the
bill, mat the main principles of the scheme therein
proposed, for the collection and safekeeping of
the public revenue, are,
1st. That the money of the people shall be safe-
•7 keP* *7 the people's own officers responsible to
(Item, and shfii not be used by corporations or pri-
vileged individuals.
9d. Tje bin makes provisions for reaching, by
•pw^ssive steps, a period when alt the revenues
«•"«•Jl he collected in the legal currency of the United
¿lates, or, in ether words, in gold and silver only.
The different sections of the bill contain the de-
tails necessary for carrying out these principles.
The system, as I under  and it, commends itself by
combining economy, convenience, and security
The expense of putting it in operation will be
trifling, as also the yearly cost of maintaining it.
The general suspension of payment by the banks
m 1837; their more recent very extensive suspen-
sion; the great expenses of the extra session of Con-
gress caused by the refusal of the deposite banks to
pay over the publie funds committed to their charge,
the embarrassment and inconvenience resulting
to the Government and to the people from the same
canse; the great losses proved by authentic official
documents to have been sustained by using banks
as depositaries, and by depreciated bank paper; all
these, it would seem, must carry conviction to the
mind of every one  that the inconsiderable cost of
carrying the system into effect can bear no compa-
rison with the advantages it must afford.   And
while it is one of the peculiar men is of the sys-
tem that it gives neither to the officets of the Go-
vernment nor to any corporation nor individual
power to control the revenue for any other than
eonstitnt onal and legal objects, it will  enable the
Government of the people 10 control, for legal and
constitutional purposes, the revenue of the people.
The simultaneous refusal of the deporte banks vo
pay over the funds of the Government in thei r
possession, and the disastrous consequences of that
refosal, afford an ample commentary < n the pro-
priety, or 1 should rattier say the indispensable ne-
ceMity, of the provisions necessary to accomplifh
this object.   The system abo insures tbe sccurny
of the public funds, by requiring ample   bonds
from depositaries, by establishing various and sa-
lutary checks and guards, by providing for regular
periodical intpections and returns-, and for sudi'ea
and unforseen inspection-; ot Ihe accounts of the
agents of Government, and the moneys in their
hands. And further siill, it guards asaiust that
most formidable temptation to embezzltment of the
public funds, the liberty to use them, ami surj<cs
such nse or embezzlement to the punishment of
fine and im;>i i-onment.
Bunt is alleged that the m<a«ure will have an
effect on the currency ot the couniry, and it is con-
tended by our opponents that this effect will be
injurious. It is not denied that it will have an in-
cidental effeft on the currency, but its operation, iu
this respect, so far from deserving to be deprecated,
cannot fail to be benefical.
The only reason for r>gret, I conceive to be that
its operation will be so limited. That the ques-
tion of an entire specie currency, or any near ad-
proach to such a currency, is really involved in
this bill, I cannot imagine that any one will be
wild enough to contend All must acknowledge
that the proportion of specie in circulation in
the country to that of paper, is by far too small.
Is there a gentleman here who will rise in his
place and deny this proposition? Then, though it
may justly be regretted that the effect of the bill
will be so limited, that effect, so far as it coes to
increase the proportion of specie in circulation,
must be so far beneficial.
But even were there serious objections in
point of convenience, to the scheme as a mere fis-
cal measure, as I humbly believe there are none,
there are other considerations which call for its
adoption—cony, derations of controlling and para-
mount importance.
It is the system most consonant to the principles
of free institutions.
It may be safely laid down as a proposition which
cannot be denied.
1.   That the taking possession of  the public
revenue, and using it for the purposes of private
! gain, necessarily implies, in those thus possessing
; and using it, control of tbe revenne.
Were any one disposed to controvert this, a
recollection of the bank suspension of 1837, which
has heretofore been adverted to, must establish
its truth. The banks then controlled the revenue.
The people could not control their own money
for their own purposes.
Another position is,
2d. That such control of the public revenue
necessarily implies a high degree of political
power.
This appears equally ondeniable. How can
a Government be carried on without revenue?
Money constitutes tbe sinews of all iis operations.
So evident is the truth of the position, as to justify
the remark of a great statesman, that "the revenue
is the State."
If, then, the two foregoing propositions are un-
controverted and incontrovertible, another follows
equally incontrovertible, as it seems to me. It be-
ing assumed as a fact, which no one will deny, that
tbe people are tbe true source of political power, it
follows,
3d. That banking corporations, not being po-
litically responsible to the people, ought not to be
entrusted with the exercise of political power, and
thus ought not to be entrusted with the contiol of
the revenue.
The other consideration alluded to as of con-
trolling and paramount importance, and of a simi-
lar nature with the former, is this:
Unlike its antagonist scheme, the system is con-
sistent with the Constitution.
1st. Because it does not recognise the necessity
of agents not contemplated or provided for by the
Constitution.
Neither banking corporations nor any other
corporations are recognised in the Constitution.
It is well known to all that the proposi-
tion to confer on the General Government
power to create corporations, was rejected in
the Convention for the formation of the Con-
stitution. Can it be possible that those wise
men who framed that instrument c< uld bare con-
templated any necessity of employing banking cor-
porations to carry on the fiscal affairs of the Go-
vernment, and yet hare neglected to provide for
■ enues
currency
the
of
peo-
their
such necessity? To suppose this is to suppose they
foimed a Government which could not be executed
unle s the States should be kind enough to create
corporations for its convenience—nay, for its very
existence. No one will hazard his own reputation
bv saving of those great men thai thav were guilty
of so vam a thing. The conclusion, then, i* irre-
* stiblf, that the necessity of the u>.e of banking
correlations to carry on the alTaiis of the Govsrn-
m nt, was not eonttmplated by the framers of the
Constitution.
The system proposed is consistent with the Con-
stitution.
2d. Because it provides, so far as the
are concerned, for a return to the k'gal
of the United States
Its effect will thus be to prevent
pie from sustaining loss on account
Government being obliged lo rtcsive depre-
ciated paper. It will also protect the cre-
ditors of the Government from loss in a similar
manner. The Constitution recognises no paper
currency. It gives rower to the Government to
coin money and regulate the value thereof and of
foreign coin, and prohibits the States from making
any thing except gold and silver a tender in pay-
ment of debts. The system now proposed avoids
the absurdity of receiving in payment and paying
out that of which the Government has no right to
regulate the value,
I have thus hastily enumerated what occur to me
as some of the merits of the measure now under
dscu^ion. However feebly they may have been
stated, they are, some of them, at Uast, of grave
interest, and mark the system as one of vital im-
portance.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts has at-
tacked this bill at the threshold. His object is not
to amend, nor even to offer another system, but to
destroy. In his extended and elaborate speech, he
has swept up, as win a drag net, ail that has ever
been suggesied on this once fertile, but now almost
exhausted subject, and has enforced bis arguments
with his accustomed ability. In replying to his ob-
jections, I shall frequently, therefore, have occasion
to recur to the considerations which have been al-
ready thus briefly adverted to.
The gentleman from Massachusetts has refer-
red to the origin of this measure, which origin he
says tbe Secretary of the Treasury has given in
covert language, by stating the system to have
been in practice as early as 1790. Mr. Hamilton
was then Secretary of the Treasury. Thus, jays
the gentleman from Massachusetts, the Secretary
refers the origin of this scheme to Hamilton the
Federalist and Monarchist; but, he adds, the Se-
cretary does not tell us that Hamilton'* experi-
ment failed. Again, he says, Mr. Woodbury take*
up the rejected instruments of Mr. Hamilton.
There doe> not appear to be much consistency in
denouncing this scheme as originating with
Hamilton the Federalist; and, in the next breath,
denouncing the Secretary for taking up a scheme
"rejected" by Hamilton. But what are the facts?
The system of employing individuals for the safe-
keeping of the public moneys, wan the first system
in practice under our Constitution. Banks were
employed at the period in our history next after
the adoption of the Constitution. Hamilton was
the first Secretaty of the Treasury. It is well
known that he was not imbued with those princi-
ples of Republicanism which prevailed in the for-
maüt n of the Constitution. There can be no doubt
that Hamilton was in favor of a Government re-
sembling that of Great Britain.
"Purge the British Government," «ays he, "of its corruption,
and it would be an impracticable Government; as it standi,
at present, with all its supposed defects, it is the most per-
fect Government that ever existed."
It has been said that—
"The denial ofBuch being Hamilton's sentiments, which bss
sometimes, for party purposes, been attempted, is quue pi -
poeterous, when he himself never disguised hisopinious."
Though some have been weak or wicked enough
to characterize the ímpu'atun of such opinions to
Mr. Hamilton as aslander, no one will think such
a course expedient since the publication of the
Mads >a papers. In the debates of the Convention,
ihere reported, be freely avowed that "he did not
think favorably of Republican Government." His
aim in his administration of the Treasury Depart*
