May, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57 
26th Cong**"1«t Sbss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Jitherton.
H. of Reps.
ment, undoubtedly was to infuse indirectly into the
management of our system of Government those
principles of hostility to popular rigLts, and de-
nial of popular power, which be had in vain en-
endeavored to infuse into the system itself.    It is
in accordance with all the motives which usu-
ally  operate on  human action,   that he should
have  attempted   this.     Thus, as   soon   as   was
safe or practicable, he departed from the system,
the immediate result of tne adaption, of the Consti-
tution, and engrafted on our institutions the new
principle of employing banking corporations as
agents of the Government tor keeping the public
moneys.   But it is a remarkable fact that even
this he did by indirection and by his own discre-
tion, and not in consequence of provision by law.
It is oot true that "the first scheme failed-"   The
old Bank of the United States was established in
1791.   There is not one word in its charter about
its being a fiscal machine of the Government as a
depositary of the public moneys.   If the system of
employing individuals had failed, and on account
of its failure another had been resorted to, it is per-
fect folly to suppose the charter of the bank would
not have contained such a provision as would have
remedied by Jaw the defects of the scheme  it was
to supersede.   The system of employing individu-
als as depositaries did not fail.   It never has failed,
and, froai the very nature of things, if properly
regulated, it never can.   The first bank was not
established for the purpose of superseding the sys-
tem of keeping public moneys first in operation un-
der the Constitution, for there is nothing said in
its charter on that subject.   The employment of
individuáis as depositaries was left as much within
the discretion of the Secretary as before the char-
ter of the Bank.
Hamilton advocated the Bank, Jefferson op-
posed it. Hamilton, the Federalist, the Mo-
narchist, got rid of the simple system of the Con-
stitution, which is the system proposed in this bill,
as soon as in bis power. Such a system did not
suit the ulterior views formed by his daring. and
sagacious mind. I agree that this scheme is the
one rejected by Hamilton; bat not that it was re-
jected because it had failed in its legitimate pur-
poses. The gentleman from Massachusetts, so
far as he can be understood to take up any scheme
at all, takes up the scheme adopted by the Mo-
narchist Hamilton—rejected by the Democrat Jef-
ferson—the scheme rejected by a far higher au-
thority than any single name—rejected by the
people.
The gentleman from Massachusetts next makes
the startling announcement that the bill proposes
to reform, by an express repeal of the Constiiu-
lion; because (he 9th section of the Constitution
provides that "no money shall be drawn from the
Treasury, bat in consequence of appropriations
made by law;" and the 1st section of the bill de-
clares certain rooms and vaults, and safes, which
are to be prepared in the building now going up in
the western part of this city, to be the Treasary of
the United States. He says the Treasury is not lo-
cal, and cannot be, and entering apon that re-
gion
"Where entity and quiddity,
And ghosts of defunct bodies lie,"
be declares the Treasary to be "an abstract en-
tity."
He contends that, by this bill, the Secretary of
the Treasury is made the secretary of a vault;
and that you might as well call the Secretary of the
Navy the secretary of a bhip, or the Secretary of
War the secretary of a cannon. Perhaps it would
be qaite us intelligible to call the Secretary of the
Treasary the secretary of a vault, as to denomi-
Wrt> him the secretary of "an abstract entity."
The eleventh section of the bill provides that mo-
sey shall be deposited in the hands of the deposita-
ries, to the credit of the Treasurer. I appeal to
gentlemen whether in most of the States they have
nota Treasury established by law, and whether
ntonev placed to the credit of the Treasurer is not
clearly enough understood to be in the Treasury,
not because it is in this or that place, but because
it is thos placed to his credit. It may seem singu-
lar that there has hitherto been no provision by law
Wishing  the Treasary of the United States;
and the propriety of such a provision seems to me
selt'evident. How does it conflict with that pro-
vision of the Constitution, which declares that "no
money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in
consequence of appropriations made by law?"
[Mr. Cdshino here ros , and! said, that he also
reterred to another provision of the Constitution
which he had mentioned, but diu not particularly
quote, and he would now give it. It was the pro-
vision which declares that "the nett produce of ail
duties and imposts, laid by any State on imports
or exports, .«hall be for the use of the Treasury of
the United States."]
Well, .sir, how does the arst section of the bill
conflict with either of these provisions? Does
it authorize any money to be paid out of the Trea-
sary, except in pursuance of appropriations made
bv law,or provide that the nett produce ot duties and
imposts shall not be for the use of the Treasury of
rtv? United States? The Treasurer of the United
States has, for his office, certain rooms, with pro-
per sales and vaults connected therewith, where
he is to keep all the public money which is in
his immediate custody. But constructively he
has the custody of all the public moneys, so far that
he, under the laws, draws for them. And moneys,
in tne hands of a depositary, are placed to the credit
of the Treasurer, and are constructively within the
Treasury of thf United States. But no ose would
say that the collector, or the deposite bank, or the
receiver general, was the Treasury of the Unite4
States. The provisions of the bill are strictly and
literally consonant to these provisions of the Con-
stituton. But it is otherwise with the system of
deposites of public moneys in banks. When a col-
lector pays public money into a bank, and the
bank loans it out to a speculator, is that money in
the Treasury? Is the individual who uses the
money as his own, the Treasury? No, sir; the
money in that case is taken out of the Treasury
without appropriation by law, or it never goes into
the Treasury at all. The public money is taken
from the places of its deposite, and used by indi-
vidual, without any appropriation by law. Thus
the objection which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts urges, without any foundation whatever,
against this bill, is an objection which applies with
irresistible force to the scheme of deposites in bank-
ing corporations.
The gentleman from Massachusetts next dis-
cussed the safety of individual depositaries, com-
pared with that of bank agency, and he objects to
the bonds required by this bill as famishing no
adequate security, on account of the large amount
which may accumulate in the hands of deposita-
ries. He alludes to the defalcation of Swartwout
for upwards of a million; and he also objects to the
other checks provided by the bill as cumbrous ma-
chines for watching and guarding, and contends
that it will be impossible to exercise inspections in
all sections of the country.
These objections may at first appear plausible;
bat when examined, they are discovered to be
groundless. There are only a few depositaries un-
der whose custody the amount of money can ever
be large. The amount of their bonds will be pro-
portionate, and the appointment by the President,
with the concurrence of the Senate, should be a
guarantee that none will be appointed who could
not obtain sufficient sureties. The bonds of indi-
vidual depositaries will surely be as secure as those
jriven by bank officers. The sureties in the latter
are usually those interested in the bank, who, when
the bank goes down, are too frequently involved in
common ruin. Besides, in the case of these few
large depositaries, their transactions can be easily
watched and inspected; and these checks and guards
will be in addition to the security of their bonds.
With regard to the small depositaries in all sections
of the country, there is no difficulty in making their
bonds a sufficient security. So where the objec-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts has
even an appearance of plausibility in regard to the
difficulty ot procunne proper bonds, his objection,
drawn trom the difficulty of exercising efficient
inspections, fails altogether, and the reverse.
Even in regard to the largest depositaries,
the amount on hand at any one time will never
be very considerable, unless Congress should pass
laws to tax the people to such an extent as to cre-
ate a surplus revenue, which occurrence   no one
ant.cipates.    It is also in the power of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury by the bill, and will be his
duty, to guard against all such accumulations as
could have any tendency to   insecurity.      Swart-
wout's defalcation ceases to have any application
as an argument in favor of the views of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, but has a directly op-
posite tende: cy, when we recollect that it was the
result of the operations of years, and took place
under the vry system of using banks as deposi-
taries, which the gentleman so highly commends.
A considerable portion   of that   defalcation   took
place wtt.ile the  United   States Bank was still em-
ployed as a riscal agent of the Government.    Had
such a system of suretyship and checks and guards
and inspections il^en in  operation at that time as
is contained in the   provisions of this bill, that de-
lalcation could never have happened.
In pursuing his comp¿risO'  of security of mo-
neys deposited in banks wi.'n lnat of tne system
proposed in this bill, the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts asks what is the security of deposites in a
bank, and replies, fir^t, the integrity «?f us officers,
and next, the capital stock, as collateral security.
It seems to me to be a sufficient answer, on the
first ground, to remark that the officers of batiks
are not appointed by the people, nor are they
agents of the people. Is not an appointment by
the President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, a higher guarantee of fidelity and in-
tegrity than the selection by a few members of a
corporation? If not, why not permit the members
of lucal corporations to select officers who are to
exercise other important political trust?? There is
also a further an<J conclusive answer. A larger
number of persons have access to the fuñó? in a
bank, and the risk is thereby proportionably in-
creased. As to the collateral security of the capi"
tal stock, every one that knows the manner in
which banking is managed, is aware how little re-
liance is to be placed on this, and that, in many in-
stances, the capital stock is not paid in. But sup-
pose i  really paid in; that security is far more than
counterbalanced by the great risk incurred by in-
volving the funds of Government in all the despe-
rate hazards of the business of banking. In the
hands of an individual depositary, the public mo-
neys are exposed to no such risks.
But, says the gentleman from Massachusetts,
there is an additional fact. Swartwout may ab-
scond—the American Bank—the Bank of Penn~
sylvania cannot—they are perpetually fixed by the
local tenure of their existence, and are amenable
to law.
The history of these institutions for a few years
past furnishes no very strong confirmation of these
suggestions. How many instances have occurred
of the absconding of bank officers, and how many
melancholy proofs that they are no less liable than
others to fall before temptation? A bank, te be
sure, cannot abscond—bat its officers may. Of
what avail is it when the bank's treasures are dissi-
pated, and its treasury not even "an abstract enti-
ty," but an abstract nonentity—that there is left an
ntangible, impalpable shadow of the law called a
corporation ? Amenable to law ! I ask whether it
be not to contradict all observation and all experi-
ence to say that corporations are more amenable to
law than individuals are? They have, in nume-
rous instances, procured laws for their especial bene-
fit, and exempting them from their just liabilities.
Not only so, but they have defied existing laws and
set themselves above the sovereign power that cre-
ated them.
The gentleman from Massachusetts also argues
that banks are subject to similar inspections to those
provided in this bill, and thus the security in this
respect is equal. In the first place, I deny the fact.
The Government of the United States has no power
of such inspections over local institutions, and by
no possibility can have. Again, sir: suppose the
right of inspection equal in the two cases, what
would its exercise be worth as applie 1 to banking
corporations? absolutely no.hing. The business
of an individual depositary would be simple. It
would be confined to the transactions on account of
the Government ajone.   You have only to look at
