wo
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, lMfi.
S6th Gon —*ltT 8u .
Independent Treasury—Mr. Jttherton.
H. of Reps.
his account of moneys received, of moneys paid,
and his foods on hand, and yon ascertain the state
of toe affans ol his office. In the complicated, va-
rieos and infinitely diversified operations of a bank,
inspeeuoas would always prove as experience
shews they always have pi oved, entirely úselos and
unavailing.                                                                 i
Bet the gentleman from Massachusetts savs that
the conduct of mankind evinces their sense o!  the
superior security of banks, and that if individuals
have money, they deposite it in a bank, and do not
cany it m their pocket.   They place it with some
one (I «se his language) "whose business it is to
keep deposites."  Aye, sir, "whose business it is to
keep deposite*."   If, then, the Government apnoint
oCoera "whoe* business it is to keep dcr *i<es," and
that alone, who are not, like the officeis of bank-,
exposed to all sorts of tempta'ion from the power of
■slag the monejs left with them, nor like banking
corporations exposed to the hazards of a fluctuant g
game of specnUiion and banking—why sha I not
the public moneys be safe in their hands?   Can-
not n vault be constructed for deposites as secure as
the vault of a bank!   No one will deny   this.
Bappoae nn individual to presets vaults and ssfes
of his own equally secure with tho«e of the bank
in his immediate neighborhood, and also to have
in his employment a person of integrity  equal to
that of the cakhier of the bank, and with equally
secare bonds, to open, shut, and guard those vaults
and safes.   The question is not whether such indi-
vidual wonld keep his gold and silver in his pocket
rather than drpokite it in tbe bank, but whe her he
would not consider hi-; gold and silver more secure
in his own vaults and  safes than deposited in the
bank.   Is there any doubt on this subject?   Cer-
tainly there can be none, because, in hi-¡own vault,
his money is equally secure from theft with the
money of the bank, and is exempt from the hazards
of the business of the bank, and he has his go'd
and silver where he can command it.   It is not
transmuted into a bank debt, and be runs no ri«k
of being obliged to receive that debt in depreciated
bank paper, or of losing it altogether through the
failure of the bank.   In this illustration  I have
spoken of gold and silver only.   But the funds
usually deposited by individuals in a bank, consist
of die notes of varióos other banks.    And one
reason which induces the haste of individuals to
deposite their tunds in the bank near them, is their
distrust of bank paper, and their unwillingness to
keep on hand, for any length of time, the notes of
various banks.
There is ako another very important considera-
tion. Individuals make deposites in the bank in
their immed<ate neighborhood, where they suppose
they have an opportunity of knowing the standing
ofiha hank, and providing against emergencies.
Would they think it safe to make their deposites in
banks scattered over all sections of our extended
country?   No, sir: far from it.
Thus in regard to all the particulars mentioned,
die argument as to the comparative safety of depo-
sites with individuals as contemplated by this bill,
and of deposites in banks, is decidedly in favor of
the former, and against the latter system. In the
former, the guarantee for the integrity of the officers
having access to tbe money is of a higher nature
than in the latter. But suppose it equal, in the
latter system tbe risk is grea er on account of the
greater number of those officers of whose intezrity
yon must be assured. The security to be derived
from bonds is more likely to be competent in the
ease o( individuals than of bank depositaries.
The collateral security of tbe capital stock of
banks is far more than compensated by the risks
incurred by involving the msueys of the people in
all the hazards of banking adventure. And the
security to be derived from inspections is, in the
ease ot individual agents, available and importan';
in the case of banks, utterly futile and worthless.
Bot there is another aspect in which this nib-
ject should be viewed, which of itself furnishes a
complete refutation of all the arguments wh'ch
have been urged, or which can be urged, against
th  security of the proposed system, and in favor
oí* the system of deposites in banks. The revenues
have a ways been mostly collected by individuals.
The public moseys pan  through the bands of indi-
«iJualt, and are disbursed, to a great extent, by
individuals, a* disbursing officers, and this whether,
in the interim, these moneys are deposited in bank*
or not. The operation of ihts bill is very little
nv re than merely to prevent banks fiorn taking the
money out of the hands of the ind viduals who
have collected it,  nd from umiic it lor the purposes
of speculation before n goes into the hands ot the
disbursing agents. Thus, if you requite the money
to be deposited in bank-;, you expose the nionejs to
additional risk*. There is, at any rate, snd under all
svsteras, i he n«k of th  collecting offices, and the
disbursing officers. You have the guarantee of
their honesty and fLHity. If you tnteipose bt-
iween the callee ir.g ifficer and the disbursing offi-
cer the custody of the banks, you vary and in-
crease the risk. You have the ime;rtt/o' '.or
collecting officer. Il he be honest, ami you are
safe in permitting him to collect an i keep yvur
money ui.til he can pay it over to a btnk—his ho-
nesty will tqtially protect you it he be permitted to
keep it a liule longer, until he be ordered to pay it
over to a disbursing officer. Sufler a bank to in-
terpose, and take possesion of, and u«e, the mo-
ney, after ¡' comes from the hands of ttie collrctor,
and before it gets into the hands of the disbursing
officer, and, in order to be se. ure, you have to be
assured, not only of the houesty of vour collector
and disburser, but of the honesty of the batik offi-
cers, and of ths solvency ef the insiit ilion.
The his'ory of the Treasury, as drawn from pub-
lic documents, has been referred to by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts. Extracts weie produced
Irom ibe report of the Secretary of the Treasmy in
1834, in which it is said the Secretary condemned
the idea of entrusting the public moneys to the
keeping of individual agents. Permit me to read
an extract from that report, in which it is even then
suggested, that events might occur that would ren-
der the adoption of that very system expedient and
proper.    The Secretary remark*:
"It will then become necessary to devolve there duties on
some receiver or collector alnady in office, or on si-me safe
agent not now io office, as has been the practice for years in this
country in paying pens-ins at convenient places near which
there was no Slate bank ■ r branch of the United States Bank,
and has long been the usage in some countries of Europe, by
ha% ing the rerenue in certain districts chiefly received, kept,
and transmitted through private agents and brokers."
There is also in the same report a suggestion
that—
' Banks are not believed to be necessary Tor the fiscal pur-
poses of any Gwernment.''
The gentleman next refers to Executive document
No. 10, which he says, on hasty inspection, is cal-
culated to mislead the public. He speaks oí the
losses by disbursing officers. What argument can
those losses furnish against the system propostd?
Disbursing officers always have been, and always
must be, employed under all sys.ems, and the
amount of leases through their defaults has nothing
whatever to do with the question under considera-
tion.
But the gentleman contends that the whole loss
of the Treasury by deposite banks, from the foun-
dation of tbe Government to 1837, is only about
two-thirds what has been lost by the former col-
lector of New York. Now, sir, I contend that it
appears from the document referred to, tbat the
loss to the Treasury from banks is greater than all
the losses from the commencement of the Govern-
ment by collectors, even including the defa'cation
of Swartwout. The loss from coüectors is §2,033,-
549 81. Add the amount of the defalcation by
Swartwout (of which half is probably secured by
Governmeat, and which, be it remembered, took
place under the bank deposite system) and you nave
a little over three million. The losses by using
banks as depositaries, and receiving their notes in
payment of public dues, amount, adop'ingthe esti-
mates made by the Treasury Department, to
¿6 474,722.
[Mr. Coshino here rose and said he was consi-
dering, in that (art of his argument, the question of
deposite merely, and thought the subject odght to
be thos viewed, and not connected with the recep-
ttbility of the paper of the banks ]
Sir, why should these consideration  be se-
parated? This bill proposes a system and that
system includes both. What right has the
gentleman  from Massachusetts to separate one
patt of the system from anorhet? The ques-
tion is, what are the liabilities to loss incident to
the system proposed in this bill? Is it not the sys-
tem of general bank deposite for which gentlemen
contendí Surely it is so, for most of their mgu-
ments ar* basei on the impropriety of keeping idle
the Government funds. This system of general
deposite is, I conceive, necessarily connected with
the reception of bank paper. Thereloie, I repeat,
the advocates of ihe bank deposite system have no
right to separate these classes of losses; and an
attempt to do it seems to me to indicate a consci-
ousness of the weakness of their cause, when placed
on its true grounds. Besides, if they intimae the
possibility of special deposites in banks, in ¡hat
ca e the banks are mere bailees, and answerable
only fur gruís negligence, and their security, so
muí h K'l'ed on, of the capital stock, vanishes.
Thus we ste, nr, that by auihentic documents,
the loses by banks have been nearly six millions
an.i a half—double all those which have oe^n sus-
tained on aecount of collectois. Is this estimate
too highl Will the fnends of the Bank of the
United States sav this? When it suited the pur-
pose of the advocates of the United States Bank to
bt ir.g before the country the los es sustained by de-
preciated currency, how did they estimate those
losses? In a report made by Mr. Duffie on the 13th
April, 1830, those losses are estimated at f34,000,-
000. Adopting this estimate, made by an advo-
cate of the United States Bank, the amount which
has be-n lost by banks is $34,974,722— nearly
thirty-five millions of dollars—more than eleven
times the amount lost by collecting officers. Thus
the history of the Treasury, drawn from authentic
public documents—thus facts and figures, and the
lessons of experience, speak in a voice which can-
not be misunderstood, in condemnation of the bank
denosite system, and in favor of the measure now
before us.
But, Mr. Chairman, why talk about the un-
faithfulness of a few individuals who have refused
to pay over the public moneys committed to their
keeping? All the banks have done this simo"a-
neously and as if by concert. There exists no
power in the Government, nor can the Govern-
ment have the power conferred on it, to punish
a 'Use of trust by these corporations. Neither can
the Government guard against their combinations,
by which they may exert all their united power to
sustain each other against the interests of the Go-
vernment and of the people. We have recently
had a Bank Convention in this country which held
its cessions with closed doors. Shall the revenues
of the people be entrusted to tbe secret exercise of
a power thus irresponsible? The dependence of
the operations of our banks on the fore'gn money
power in England has been most vividly depicted
in the message of the Piesident at tbe opening of
the session And this is aside fn m the fact that
the stock of banks may be in the hands of foreign
stockholders, and the revenues of the people be
thus far, in ths manner, controlled by them.
There is no possibility of a general failure of dnty,
or a general combination among individual depo-
sitaries, which shall deprive tbe people of their re-
sources, and stop the wheels of Government.
In regard to banks, the most recent experience
shows that there is not only a possibility, but a
probability if these occurrences. Why talk.aboot
the d?n°;er of entrusting money to individuals?
The moneys placed in a bank are entrusted toin-
i dividuals. And to ray nothing of tbe suspensions,
| the insolvencies of the corporations, and the dis-
graceful disregard ot all obligations of law and
justice, so frequently manifested by ibem, how
frequent, and how stupendous have been me frauds
of late disclosed on the part of their officers and
managers!
The gentleman from Massachusetts says that
the promptines of insolvency "are too powerful
for the Government, and that the Government,
when duty comen in conflict with these promptings, if
always the loser." That is the vrry suggestion by
which the provisions of ibis bill are strongly com-
mended. The provision which prohibits the use
of the pnblic money, and punishes that use as a
crime—that principle, and that punishment will af-
ford, a security, which alone far more than over-
