May, 1840>
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
581
36th Cons .. 1st Skss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Atherton.
H. of Reps.
ba1 anees ail the oSj c • )iis utred. Tne priijciple
that u wasp-runs^nfetouse thepnhlic money, nav,
commendab e so t.  do, has been the cause ot m re
defalcations han a lomercircu nsunces combined
Individuals have been induce I to enter into specu-
lations; they bare plunjed deeper and d-tper in the
ase of the puolic tunds, which had first tempted
them with the hope of extricating themselve> by
some fortunate usue. At Kngth they have become
inextricably involved, and losi their pride and cha-
racter, and have baldly dtfi d the Givernment
they have plandeted, because they have considered
lh;mselres only as unfonunate debtors instead of
robbers of the public treasure. Thus the de-
faults are shown by returns to have been more
numerous, and of larger amount in the years lollow-
ing the mad speculations caused by th* expansions
of the paper system. This bill pronounces the
frit Mtp in the use of the public funds a crime,
punishable by fine and imprisonment. Who will
assert that this is not a safeguard, worth more in
itself alone than the whole of those which can be
at plied to banking corporations
The gentleman from Massachusetts, while he de-
precate* to a great extent the idea of drawing our
examples from other nations, yet undertakes to
fortriy his objections to the bill by (illustrations
taken from foreign countries. He asserts it as
a striking fact that those nations are at the bottom
of the scale of civilization which employ individual
depositaries and maks use of coin; that, in Great
Britain and Prance, which stand highest in the
■cale, banks are used, and that the station of na-
tions in the intermediate points of the scale is
measured by the proportion in which they make
use of banks and paper. Does he mean to con-
tend that banks and paper money are the cau es
of civilization? He admits that some of those
countries which he has placed low in the scale, are
paper motey Governments, flooded with depreci-
ated paper of all sorts. "Wny may we not with
eqaal justice maintain that this is the cau«e of
their inferior position? Even in relation to Tur-
key, which country, in one portion of his remarks,
he adduced as demonstrating the truth of his position,
and as standing among the lowest in his scale of
nations, he made the vital admission (and I have
taken down his words) that there " the Greek and
Armenian bankers have as much to do in public
affairs as ever the United Stales Bank had here "
It may be proper here to notice a remarkable
fact in relation to the history of China, and it is
this: Paper money has been used by the Chinese
at vanons periods from as early a date as the
tenth century. Like all such system*, it was pro-
ductive of distress and ruin, till finally it ex-
ploded entirely; and after the year 1445, it is said
their history makes no mention of any further pa-
per issues. It is tin? that, in Prance, the notes of
the Bank of France are taken in payment of pub-
lic does. Bat those notes are not of a denomina-
tion less than five hundred francs, and da not cir-
culate much out of Paris. In a letter, published in
the National Intelligencer of May 6, 1840, which
refers to a work on finance by Baron Gautier, for-
merly one of the governors cf the bank of France,
and sub-minister of fijauc, the following head of
one of his chapters is givrn:
"From ihe experience of the B.mk of France, it is never desi-
rable that banks should be employed in collections or disburse-
ments ol the public revsnue "
In adlinoi to these consiJerations, is the fact
that, in France, specie now constitutes five sixth*
of the eircu.atton, and in England only three-
•evenihs. It is pertinent to inquire whether France
was not civilized until her Bank was brought into
exiser.ee.
John Law's scheme, which had as earnest and
as able advocates as the present vicious banking
system, a d which was to carry forward the French
nation on the swell mg tide of wealth and prosperi-
ty with unexampled rap.dity, exploded in 1720,
spreading over the country such desolation and dis-
tress as cap scarcely be imagined, much less por-
trayed. The Bank was not established till the
year 1803- Was not Eogland civilized in the se-
venteenth century? Were our ancestors, when
they came here, uncivilized? Were the country-
men of Mil ton and Shakspeare baibarians? Tne
Bank of Eogland was chartered under William the
Th _d, in 1613—at firs' as amere corporation to
loan money 10 G( vernmeiit. lis title was for rant-
ing duties on certain árdeles to those who will k'an
a mil ion and a hatf pounds sterling to carry on
the war wuh Fran'e, and for conferring certain
oth*r pnvi'eses. The notes of the Bank at first,
and for many years, were on interest, and not pro
perly a paper currency. And there are
two facts which show the utter fal'acy of reasoning
from the use f the Bank of England by the Eng-
lish Government as a fi«cal agent, in favor of the
use of Hanks here for a similar purpose. In Eng-
land, the whole cap'tal of the Bann is loaned to
the Government, and thus the Government must
always be secure. The notes of the Bank are by
law a legal tender, except ti the Bank itself, and
thus there would stem to be no reason why they
should not be taken in payment of public dues. A
strange argument indeed would it be, that because
the Government of England rece.ves what isa le-
gal tender, our Government should receive what is
not a legal tender!
Mr. Chairman, I have heard many glowing eulo-
giums on the wealth and power of England by the
opponents of this bill. A gentleman from South
Carolina, in the last Congress, in most vivid co-
lors depicted her greatness, and attributed it to the
banking and credit system, and called on us to fol-
low her example. And the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has also, in eloquent teims, spoken of
her va->t dominion and her wealth. He has avow-
ed that there is no Government he more respects,
and, bringing her example forward as an argument
against this nv a~ure, asserts that she has reached
her present grtaines , employing these very agents
which we propose to rejec*.
In his description of the extent of her power, he
has repeated the remark that the beat of the morn-
ing drum in her garrisons follows the dawn ot day
circling round the globe. Som*, perhaps, might
as=ert that the sun, as it circles round the globe,
ceases not to dawn on some monument of her ra-
paci y or injustice. If her civilization and power
are owing to the banking system, I would inquire if
this system is the cause, also, of her morality, oí
which we have recently heard s°m thing from the
gentleman's colleague, [Mr Ad\ms,] and which
•jras allndjd to recently by the genieman hinvelf,
as signalized m her conduct towards China. And
though, in addition to her European influence, she
may be, as the gentleman says, the greatest Asiatic
power, was not tha* power acquired by treachery
and rapacity and bloodshed, and is it not supported
by crueity and injustice? One of her own orators
has characterized it as "an empire which God ne-
ver gave, su-'ained by means which H« can never
sine ion." In ihe gorgeous picture presented to u-s
of h«r-wetlth, we gaz* at the splendid mansion,
within which are ga-hered, for its lordly inhabitant,
'he luxuries of a world, and overlook the hovel,
whose desolate inmates "cower, shivering and hun-
ger stricuen, into their lair of straw." Sne may be
truly ral'ed a r ation of princes and ot paupers. What
is the condition of the mass of the people? More
ihan one-sixth of ih° population paupers! What
i> 'he condition of ihe laboring c'asses? Look at
the accounts especally of the manufacturing dis-
tricts. The lacorer, thnuuhout his whole exist-
ence, wrestles m deadly strife with the grim demon
of starvation. Parents, aft r struggling for years,
through u gard for their off-priug, almost without
hope, <it last yield to despair. Children know not
me season ol childh- od, but, crippled and deformed
by ínceüsant labor and watching, and wasted by fa-
mine, find only in a premature grave a resing
place from their toil aDd misety. Those who have
so frequently enlarged here on the glory and riches
and power of England, as proofs of the great ad-
vantages of their favorite system, h< Id up to our
view the parks and palace-*, the splendid equipages,
the overgrown fortunes—aye, sir, the evidences of
wealth accumulated, of wealth privileged, of a Go-
vernment "founded on wealth;" but ihey say no-
thing of "the wide-spread wretchedness which is,
so to speak, the rank manure which causes all these
gaudy flowfis to spring up and flouiish."
The gentleman says that when you press out
bank paper, Government paper comes up; that the
Sub-Treasury has been in operation three years,
ana stmulia-eously Treasury notes have appeared",
and  that  Treasury notes were  previously a war
measure.     I  believe suspension   has previously
been a con-equence of war.    And as  the gentle 
man asserts that men sometimes "mistake conti-
guity andemtemporaneity for cause and effect,"
it appears to me that he has fallen himself into that
error.    Wi'l anv one deny that the issue of Trea-
¡  sury notes of 1837 was caused by the suspension
I   cf the banks, and thus owing to the bank deposite
I   system?    And the gentleman himself has furnished
the answer to his own position; for he compares
,  Tieasury notes to English exchequer bills, or Go-
i   vernment  paper in Spain and   Russia,  and the
I  stm i ar issues of "all nations m debt "   Then it is
|   the being in debt wh ch causes  these issues, and
not the circumstance of employing individuals as
I  depositaries.
, In relation to the argument on the expense cf
I carrying on this system, it is only necessary to say
that the objections are not so much drawn froni
any provisions of the bid, as from that spirit ot
prophecy which enables the gentleman to foresee
4'a new cerps of clerks." It is not easy to conceive
why more clerks than those provided in the bill
should become necessary, though it is easy to assett
that more will be needed. But Congress must au-
thorize tbem if they are to be employed, and the
Representatives of the peqple may, I hope, be
safely trusted. I repeat what I have before re-
marked, that the expenses contemplated by this
bill of putting the system in operation, and the
yearly cott of maintaining it are trifling, as all
who take the trouble to examine the details of the
bill will see, and those expenses will be far more
than compensated by the additional security it fur-
nishes against losses.
Another objection is urged against this measure;
that it increases the power and patronage of the
Government. But the gentleman here makes a
very important admission, to which I call the atten-
tion of the c jmmittee. He admits that the patro-
nage under this system is less than under the State
bank deposite system. I hold the gentleman and
his friends to that admission, for it seems to me to
cover the whole ground. It is to the banking sys-
tem that the patronage is incident, and whether a
sjstrm of State banks, ora mighty institution, ex-
tending its branches into all parts of the country, the
nature of the danger is not thereby altered. Sir, the
admi-sion excludes from the gentleman's argument
the State bank deposite system. What is his alter-
native? There can be no other but an United States
Bank. Are the people of this country ready to
charter such ah institntion? The gentleman'says
that the bill has many features of a bank, though
I e does not contend that it is exactly a bank; but
if an United States Bank be dangerrüs, so far
as this resembles a bank this must be dangerous.
I will remark, in passing, that this is not a legiti-
mate argument fpr him, who, so far as he can be
undersiood to advocate any fiscal measure, advo-
cates a bank. Bat one point of analogy referred to
is singular. He remark  that (Mi average amount
of specie in the Bank of the United States <tiM ten
millions, and that the amountkept*by tliedepositaries
under this bill will be, as is estimated, five millions,
and thus the peril, in this respect, will be half as
great. I had supposed that one great d fficulry
with the banking system was, not that there was too
much, but too little specie in tneir vaults. What
possible resemblance is there in the cases. The
money in the Treasury, and in the bands of depo-
sitaries cannot be used by trie officers of the Go-
vernment, nor by any one by their permission.
Neither the President, nor the Secretary- pi the
Treasury, nor the Treasurer, nor any other officer,
can use one single cent. They cannot lend it. No
one can scramble for a loan of the funds of the peo-
ple for the purpose of using those funds in private
speculation. 'It must be obvipus fo all that the safe-
keeping of public moneys, without the liberty of
using them, affords n,o source of patronage. Be-
fore a public officer can avail himself of their use,
for the purposes of patronage, be must fir.>t become
a felon—which has not generally been considered a
very effectual method of increasing one's influence
or power.                 . .   , .„
But to show that this bul contains that monste
