S94
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
«6th Cono.......1 st Sua.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Lucas.
June, 1S40.
H. of Reps.
it  is
equally clear, that they did not intend
«•r revenues should he kepi in State banks.
The rejection of the proposition to invest
power to oréate a bank or corpcrations, ap-
plies to then  with na W.s c mluMvencjs
They intended to confer no power on th..s Govetn-
ment to create banks at all, or m make paper mo-
ney, and so none to create banks for its-elf, or fur
the fhates, or to compel th? States to create for
themselves; then they could not have intended our
Federal revenues should be kept in institutions of
the States, which they meant to give this Govern-
men! no power to create, and none to compel the
(kales, and which the States might not choose to
crensa, or if they did, not to continue, or if they
did, might refuse to let this Government use. It
is thns equally clear, the framers of Constitution
did not intent this Government to keep iU money,
either in n National          . or State banks, and as
perfectly certain tha .uy did intend ihnt it should
be kept in "the Treasury of the Dmted Stales."
And how keep it there, without having one, and
how then, except in the manner proposed by this
bill, in vaults and safes, and by and under the ne-
cesnry number of officers constitutionally appointed?
I then take my stand on this demonstration of in-
tention, and say to the opponents of this measure,
the authors of the Government, who they admit
were wise, prudent men, considered this a conve-
nient, n proper, and a safe mode, which they
denounced, and the very one that should be adopted.
Thejr accordingly, in the first Congress, passed
« tow evicting oor revenues to be collected in
gold and silver. I refer to the act of the 31st
of July, 1789, which directed " that the duties
and fees to be collected by virtue of this act &hall
he received in gold and silver coin only," dec
They then felt no apprehensions about this ex-
tension of Executive patronage which seems so
much to disturb the present Whig party. Such
fears had no place in their patriotic bosoms.
They feared a National Bank and the evils of pa-
per money-, they dreaded these, and refused the
Government power to create the one or emit the
•ther. Whence come, then, these dire appari-
tion*! Are they the effects of the Bank distil-
lations infused into the heart of the body politic
«unce those purer days! What else but hallucina-
tion springing from such a sour ie, inspire argu-
ments such as we hear, which, earned to their
conclusions, would deny that this hard money
Government could exist a year .n safety, or the
people prosper, without a Nations' Bank, or State
banks, which its wise founders denied it the
power to create or nse, to keep its money for it
and to make it to boot—arguments that would
prove, if trae, in the face of history, no ancient
world of nations existed, and some free, and
with Governments Democratic to a fault, and that
• majority of modern times do not now exist with-
out banks and paper money—arguments that
would prove, if trae, that we could not find
honest men to keep Government money in palaces
or "log cabins" until we make them bank men,
bank officers, and bank keepers'
We know how, and by whom, this constiu-
tional requisition and dnty of the Government to
collect its revenues in gold and silver, and keep
it without the aid of bank corporations, was first
violated, and paper money and Stat bank agency
introduced, and how afterwards a National Bank
was got up, and its paper and agency substituted.
We all know Alexander Hamilton, in a Tew days
•iter the passage of the act of September, 1789,
by the first Congress, treating the Treasury De-
partment, was appointed Secretary, and, in a few
days after, in violation of the Constitution and of
the law of the 31st of Jnly preceding, already re-
cited, issued his circular to (he collector at Balti-
more, to receive the notes of the Bank of North
America, and of the Bank of New York, in pay-
meat of the revenue, "as equivalent to gold and
silm;" and how, in  1791, he succeeded in getting
op the fir-it United States Bmk by hs intrigues
and infloence ovr s une of his follower, because
he and trtey bad a speculation  to ¡erve, and went
for building up the  British banking s Mem and
v. a^poadagrs in this country; ai«J,  b/ Gaining
«ben fast to the wheels of the Pederá Croyetn.
mem, to enlarge its «phere and extend its origi-
nal powers, and thus change 11 from what it wa«,
and was intended to be, by its framers, into what
they always wished it to be. An account of the get-
ting up of ths first United States Bank, and the
mean<-, -s piven by Mr. Jefferson, and to be found
iu his memoirs.    I will not ¡>t p to read it.
Let me then tell the honorabl* gemleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Cushino] that Mr. Woodbury,
in his report from which he quoted, does not  ay,
as he intimates, "that Alexander Hamilton origi-
nated the idea of the Sub-Treasury"—not at all-
Mr. Woodbury only states that Mr. Hami'ton re-
eommtndtd something similar. Sir, Alexander Ha-
milton violated the Constitution and the positive
law of the 31st of July, 1789, and substituted bank
agency and bank paper. The idea of a Govern-
ment keeping its money by individual officers, is al-
most as old as the world. It began when Govern-
ments commenced; and that honorable and vrry
learned gentleman should know it continued to be
the only mode in use, for ages before bank-> or pa-
per money were thought of. Here, it heean with
our Government, and was put into operation by the
breath that breathed entity into our free Constitu-
tion, after freeing us from monarchical thraldom
and dangerous practices. What is there in this
measure, then, to frighten u-, more than the sages
of the Revolution saw in it? Nothing, sir, nothing.
Why should there be? Is it pretended that Ameri-
cans of this generation are less honest and
trustworthy than every people of the ancient,
and a majority of the modern world? Who n«es
with this sentiment? Who casts such reproach
upon his countrymen? This Government reposes
on the virtue of the people. Democracy confutes
in men, and not so much in moneyed corporations,
whose tendencies go to corrupt. Our* 1* a Go-
vernment of the people, and its beauty, its practica-
bility, its strength, and Us sup«ri< rity, consist in
its representa'ive feature. The people are so-
vereign, and the source of power; but how do they
govern themselves? How manage their public
affajrs? Need we be told, they appoint from among
the mass, representatives agents for a term, to le-
gilate within the pale of the Consti ution, whom
they entrust to administer Government, and even
to make laws afiectine life, liberty, and property?
Sir, even the sword and the purse, and the question
of peace and war, are thus confided for the tim?
being, to lhese trusted agents And from the
passage of this bill, this law, which any subsequent
Congress may repeal,the people have nothing to fear.
But let us not charter a National Bank, in viola-
tion of the Constitution, with immense capital and
a charter to ran for twenty or thirty years, and irre-
pealable for that time, to make and regulate our
currency, and to* hold control, to boot, of our vast
revenues. Do this, and in my opinion, it will not
only regulate our money matters, the prices of la-
bor and property, but rule the country and control
its destinies. There have occurcd frauds in the
collection, keeping, and disbursement of public mo-
neys, by individual officers, here and in all coun-
tries. But what of it? We cannot dispen-e with
them? We must nse human agency, though
all trusts are liable to be abnsed. Government itself,
and even ours, the best on earth, or that everexisted,
is like a necessary evi', and every power and of-
fice under if, liable to be abused. But is this to
be urged against the continuance of our wise sys-
tem of free Government? We must use tinman
agency in the keeping of our revenues. To bring
the que*tion to the practical test: What are banks?
Who compose them? Who keep them and their
revenues, which, like those of the Government, all
come from the people. It is but a different mode of
taxation. Do bank officers never rob and run off?
And if a bank may be supposed to have more
ample means than an individual Sub-Treasurer
and his securities, which I am not disposed to grant,
as nothing but their stock in trade is bound for
their paper and debts, yet upon whom falls the
loss, in case of defalcation by a bank officer? Must
it not be made up at the sacrifice of it stockholders
and note holders, and thus fall upon the few?
While in rh  ras* of a Rub-Treasurer, the deficit,
alter ihr txhanstion of ihe means or himself and
sureties, if any, will fall upon (he millions of the
people, composing the nation, and so be but a drop
to each.
But leaving the comparison, as to the honesty
and means ef banks and individual officers, to be
settled a* it may, the great matter is, how stands
the great question of expediency and general safety?
Banks, from their very nature .and business, all
having generally from four to five paper dollars
out, to every one in their vaults m specie, to redeem
with, cannct be safe depositories; nor cap it be
expedient to make them the depositories of our reve-
nue*.                                    •
They are liable to the hazards of mismanage-
ment, and the consequences of overtrading, into
which the strongest instincts of our nature are ever
plunging them, to increase their profits. They are
running a careering race of gain, upon the same
fluctuating current, without any certain steerage.
Blind fortune governs all. They generally expand
and contract under the same influences, and sus-
pend and explode together from the same causes.
They are exposed to the common disaster* of their
connection with each other and with commerce
and trade, the fluctuations in the current of which
depend much upon the seasons of the year, which
they cannot forcee, guard against, or control. No,
sir, they cannot escape the revulsions in that uncer-
tain currmt upon which they float, and which ex-
perience proves are frequently occurring, bringing
upon banks, and those engaged in trade, and the
common mass alike, panics, suspensions, and looses;
and whether ihey come in peace or war, these re-
vulsions, I affirm, have their origin in banking and
the paper money system, and the unrestrained and
abused species of credit growing out of them. Tn-
deed in this country i o lightly do all banking insti-
tutions rest upon the bosom of their element that
one adverse bla.*t may suspend them—the disas-
trous consequences of which event, in a country
that trusts almost entirely to the  for its circulating
medium, as all must where they exist, as bank pa-
per expels specie, are indescribably oppressive to
the poor laboring mass, constituting the bulk of the
population. With us, experience proves these re-
vulsions occur often and suddenly, and that they
are becoming more frequent and terrible as banks
and paper money increase, and the credit system
which they foster, is extended, which marks the
tourer of the evil. Banks in the United States
have lately increased beyond all precedent, being
now double what thpy were only some eight years
ago, and far beyond the increase of our population
and resources; and this is owing mainly to the
gambling spirit which overbanking engenders,
which is another evidence of the source of these
revulsions. Another alarming danger is, that they
not only increase, but they perpetuate their own
power, as they expel specie; and they will con-
tinue to do so 10 a more alarming extent if made
the depositories of our vast revenues. The mea-
sure under consideration will interpose a conside-
rable check to these evils—will tend to restrain
overbanking and overtrading, compel banks and
merchants always to keep a constant supply of
specie to meet the revenue duties, which will keep
specie in the country for the basis of the paper cir-
culation and common use.
These revulsions, I say, are becoming more fre-
quent and disastrous as these causes increase, and
as our commerce expands and becomes more in-
volved, and especially with England and her bank-
ing and credit systems, with which ours is con-
nected, and but a part. And since the nse of the
application of steam navigation on the ocean, it will
become more and more so, and our system more
closely united and dependent. That, sir, is already
fast overcoming space and time, and actually draw-
ing the whole business of both countries into one
great whirlpool, by which connection we are al-
ready brought to an alarming extent under the
control of the Bank of England. Nothing:, Mr.
Chairman, is more true, zmi nothing uore ap-
palling!
To ihn connection an'! control over us, we trace
the impuKive cau-e  > hirh bion ht upon us the
suspension in May, 1837, which dissolved the
financial connection b< 1 u sen the Banks and the
Government, with between thirty and forty millions
of whose money, consisting of their own notes,
