60í                                     APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
V.OTH Cono««"1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Parrish.
H. ot Reps.
of the Treasury, made to this session of Congress,
except during three years of the present term,
which is made np from the President's message^
and other reports ofgthe Secretary of the Treasury.
1 have not been able to show the number ot of-
ficers employed in receiving and paying out the
public money, nor the number who have been de-
faulters since Mr. Van Buren's administration com-
menced. But by this table it appears that, although
one of the largest defalcations has occurred, through
a receiving officer, since 1836, that has probably oc-
curred since the organization of the Government,
yet the amount lost in this instance, compared to
the whole amount received and paid oat, is less
than in any other period of the same time, from
1804 up to 1828. It shows that, in every Adminis-
tration, these officers have been emplojeii; that
their numbers have increased, as the amount of
money received and paid out increased, and that
losses have been sustained through them: and it
also shows that the number of receiving und dis-
bursing officers employed, the number of defaulters,
and the amounts lost to the Government by them,
were as great, and even greater, whilst the Bank of
the United States kept the public money, than at
any other period, except during the last war with
England, when the amount received and paid tut
required a greater number ot disbursing officers
before or since.
Thi same reason has existed during the present
Administration (in the Florida war) to increase ilo
number of this class of officers; )et it is said, and
I believe truly, that no officer appointed by Presi-
dent Van Buren has defaulted. He who failed to
the largest amount (Mr. Swartwout) was appointed
collector during the existence cf the United States
Bank, and some two or three years before the de-
portes were removed.
It then being the f.tct that this Government, like
all others, has been, and is compelled, whether in
connection with banks or not, to have officers who
receive, and officers who pay out the publ c money,
is it not unfair to charge lailures which have oc-
curred through these officers, to the proposed sys-
tem, which has not yet become a law? Is it not
disingenuous thus to attempt to prejudice and de
feat the present bill? AU that is said upon the sub-
ject by the Opposition, is wide of the question and
character of depositories, or officers who merely
ke*p the public money from the time it Is received
until paid out.
There has been no practice in this Government
that approaches so near to this point, and that so
fauly illu-traies the k«ep.ng of the public mi n-y
by an (fficer of the Government, selec'ed froui
amongst the people, as a mere depository, distinct
from the character of one who receives, or on  who
pays out, as that of the Treasurer of the Mint of
the United States and its branches. Tnis practice
or experiment is favorable to the system proposed
by the bill.
The following table, prepared from authentic
documents, exhibits the extent of the depository
with these officer-:
Coinage of the Mini of the United States at Phila-
delphia, from 1793 to 1840:
Gold           -           -           -           $56,100,782 50
Silver          -          -           -             53,119,571 90
Copper       -           -           -                  890,904 19
Total in 47 years, $80,109,258 59
Being each year $1,704,452 31.
By this, it appears that, during the period of
forty-seven years, the sum of eighty millions one
hundred and nine thousand two hundred and fifty-
eight dollars and fifty-nine cents, equal to one-six-
teentb part of all the money received and pai I out
by the Government for the same time, has been
under the keeping of the treasurer of the mini;
and averagiog each year the sum of one million
seven hundred and four thousand and four hundred
aid fifty-two dollars and thirty-one cents. This
amount has passed ihrough the hands of the trea-
surer without any defalcation. With this expe-
rience, will it be pretended that, from among the
mass of American citizens, persons cannot be
found, honest and capable to take charge of and
safely keep the revenues of the Government from
the time it is received until paid out ?   Or that
ihese men, are not as hone-1 and as capable, as
bankers and bank officers, such as cashiers, clerks,
and tellers? It «eems to me a negative would
amount to bold assertion. These, then, are the
persons who, by this act, are to have the immediate
charge and keeping of the public money, from the
time it is received until paid out, instead cf placing
it in banks. The details necessary to carry out
these principles, I will buefly consider, in answer-
ing objections to the system.
Having examined the principles of the bill, I
now proceed to nct.ee some of the prominent ob-
jections urged against it. And first, the one which
has been mast rung upon by the Opposition, from
the very introduction of the measure, is the power
it wou'd place in the hands of the Executive,
or the union of the sword and purse.
Every Opposition speaker brings in this as an
objection. Now it has no existence except in the
excited brain of an alarmist; and there is le^s pro-
bability, cr even possibility, that it should grow up
from this measure, than irom the power heretofore
vested in the President over the deposites, and in
receiving the paper of ihe banks for pub'ic dues.
But what has been the course of this party herete-
fore, when high responsible powers, intimately
connected with the sword aid purse of the country,
were entrusied to ihe Pres deni' When difficulty
was expec ed with England, from the Northeast
boundary question, March 2, 1839, a law was
parsed which continued m foroe sixty days after
the meeting of the present session of Congress.
By th's law, power was given to the President, vir-
tually to declare war with England; and placed at
his command, and under his exclusive control, the
whole army, navy, and militia of the United*
States; and authorized him, in addition to the-e, to
accept 50,000 volunteers, if he deemed them neces-
sary- It al o gave him the Treasury of the Go-
vernment to raise [$10,000,000] ten millions of dol-
lars by any means whatever, so that the interest
should not exceed five per cent, and be redeemable
after five years. This was uniting the power to
declare war with the Treasury and the military
force of the country, in the same person, and ap-
proached as near to union of sword and pursf, as
c*n well be conceived in this Government.
Where were these objectors when that law
was' passed? The first, the greatest, and ihe
most of them, were ia this Housa and the Senate,
where they are at present; and bv reference to the
Fou-e Journal, page 6S8, it will be found that but
six of the whole number voted against that law; the
others voting in its favo ". And hy reference lo the
Senate Journal, pige 330, it will be fuund ihat not
even one opro^ed it there. In the Hou=e, the vote
was 197 for, and 6 against th s power; in the Se-
nate, 41 in favor, and none against it. Here these
orjactors who now are so much alarme! at what
does noi exist, were willing to place upon the re-
cords of Congress, to go down to posterity, the evi-
dence of their confidence, tfiat the President would
abuse no power, however high, delicate or danger-
ru«, that was entrusted to him. Thi^ declaration
upon the journals was made at the very time this
measure, now underdiscnssion, was before Congress
and the country, and when the  arae alarm had
been sounded against it. Now, which should
wigh most with the commit'ee and the country—'he
opinion thus voted under the solemnity of an oath,
or the declamation in speeches? The first I should
take to be tne, and the latter for effect; and bo'h
together as a fair specmen of the kind of opposition
made to the bill.
Another objection is, that the bill e3t''biich"s a
National Bank. This is a strange one,comingfrom
the quarter it does; for the idols of the Opposition
are banks. None, I believe, however, exceDt the
gentleman from Massachusets, have attempted to
point out in what part of the b'll, this bank feature
is to be found. He attempted to locate it in the lOih
and 11th sections, relating to deposi'e*, drafts, and
receipts. The attempt was rather unfavorable for
one of his abilities, and served to convince, as a
careful examination of tho^e and the othei sections
will, that no such thing exists. If it does, then
every person who deposites h's money in his own
drawer, or gives a receipt for what is due him, is a
banker.
Another objection is the power of transferring
and paying by drafts. I have shown that the pow-
er over the kinds of funds to be received, and the
place of keeping them, is taken from the Presi-
dent and officers of his appointing, and placed
exclusively with Congress by the bill. But the use
of drafts is indispensable, and has always existed
and buen exercised, whether one bank, or many,
or none were used. And I was the more surprised
to hear this objection made by the gentleman frem
Massachusetts, [Mr. Cushing] who is so very in-
telligent on ail subjects. When the Bank of the
United States kept the public money, (as I have
shown) you bad disbursing officers, and acreditor of
the Government could not go to the bank and
obtain what he claimed as due, at discretion.
Congress then, as now, appropriated the mo-
ney, requisition was made on the Treasurer, the
amount lo be paid was audited, and the Secretary di-
rected it to be paid. The Treasury draft was made
for the amount, and the person obtained his money
at the place directed in the draft or check. Here-
tofore, and whilst the United States Bank kept the
money, these drafts or checks coald be negotiated
for any length of time, and in'some ins'aaces were
transferred from one to another; but the present
law will prevent it. The receipt of District Attor-
neys and marshals, and certificates of patentees,
authored by the 16th section, are, without any
prohibition, to no more negotiable than Ihe certificate
expressly prohibited by ihe 25th section, and a care-
lul examination will dissipate all this attempt at
bank-making for effect.
Another objection to the bill is, that it will make
one currency for the Government, and another for
the people. This objfction assumes what Hamilton
and his friends desired, and what the opponents
of this measure are at least willing, if noi anxious
to admit, that the Government is one thing, and
the people another; or, in other words, a strong
Government, in which the power is far removed
from the people. Now such is not the nature of
the Government. It is of the people, for the peo-
ple, and with the people; and has no existence or
separation from them and their interest, and can
have none. It receives its money from the people,
and pays it to the people. It is every day receiving
from, and every day paying back to them, and by
this bill will be compelled to pay in the identical
kind of money received. This objection is a per-
version of fact, and seems to conceal one most im-
portant feature of the banking operation, which al-
ways made one kind of currency for commerce,
and another for circu'a'ion among the psople.
When did the day laboier, mechanic, artisan,
or farmer, receive any thing else, in his ordinary
dealings,than paper of the State banks—$1, $2, $3,
and $5, with occasionally a $10 or $20 bill? Never
since the existence of the Bank of the United States
in 1816; and when was this kind of bills used for
commercial purposes? Never, and never can be.
Even the merchants in the country, in the towns,
or in the cities, who retail goods, and receive from
the laborer and the farmer this kind of money, will
not carry it with him any distance to buy goods,
but exchange or transfer it in some way for drafts,
checks, or better funds of some kind. Tnis is ef-
fecually one kind of money for the great portion of
the people, and another for that portion who are
engaged in commerce. This has been, and is the
greatest evil of the bankitg system in this
country. By it credit has been attempted
to be carried so far as to run it down to the
smallest dealing ; and to this end, it has inundated
the country with small bills, from the circulation of
which banks make their best profits, and have op-
pressed the least wealthy portion of the people, in
every part of Ihe Union.
Another objection is, (hat by exacting the reve-
nue to be paid in spece, the revenues will be re-
duced. There is nothing ncore in this objection
than in the others, except it tends to ihe adjust-
ment of the revenues before 1842. Let it be re-
membered that at present more than one-half of the
imported articles which come from other countries
info this, pay no duties: of these, many are articles
of luxury, of which the farmer and laborer do not
partake so bountifully as others.
Some of those articles should pay duty for
the purpose of protecting, so far as protection arises
