61*
2G H G  &""1st Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Cooper.
June, 1840S
H. ot Heps.
the United States Bank asa manager of your funds,
proved to be tine of all the banks, particularly af-
ter the removal of your money from the former to
the latter.
One fact letmeeallyoarattentiontohere. It is this:
Prom 1834, the time the transfer of public money
commenced from the United States Bank to the pet
banks, to 1837, the time «hen the transfer was
fully made, the aggregate expansion was 55,000,-
000. The amount of deposites transferred in this
time was 53,000,000.
Again, from 1837 to 1840, the whole of the de-
posites were taken away, distributed, and used up;
so that this year we have an empty Treasury.
To  aggregate amount so used, and taken away, is
53,000,000 in this period, (precisely the same that
was pat there from 1834 to '37,) and the contrac-
tion was 63,000,000, a little more than the expan-
sion, as might have been expected.
Hera, sir, is a vibration in the circulation, in six
years, from 94 to $149,000,000, a corresponding one
in the deposites, whilst specie did not go to greater
extremes that from 37 and 45,000,000 in five of
*ose years.
Do not all these feats conclusively establish the
proposition I have laid down? They do. What,
tten, has been the effect of this policy of 'he banks?
1st. An expansion and contraction of $55,000,-
000 from 1834 to 1840. The expansion put forth
$55,000,000 of Bank credits, bearing no interest,
issued on the faith of the deposites, to be substi-
tuted for the like amount of individual credits, bear-
ing interest, and made payable to the banks, but
resting, in seven cases out of ten, on the uncertain
results of a speculation on any subject that might
promise a speculation.
2dry. The contraction sent the hank notes home
for redemption, which, being deprived of the public
funds on which they were issued, were thrown for
support on the notes of individuals received in ex-
change. These individuals having failed to realize
the speculations, for the sake of which they bartered
bank notes substituted for their own, failed to pay.
A suspension was the consequence. The 85,000,-
000 of bank paper thus issued was disparaged; the
order of tilings was reversed; the banks first inter-
posed to advance and prop individ ual credit. Now
individual credit is the sole support of bank credit.
Why is this? I answer, it is because the banks have
issued and pat in circulation, as money, that which,
not being money, is based upon, and governed by,
something that does not belong to them, and which
they were bound to surrender at a moment's warn-
ing.
3d. The individuals upon whom rested the re-
deemable power of the 55,000,000 of bank issue,
rose up as one community and petitioned the
banks to suspend. Why? Because it was their own
ease. An extension to the banks was an extension
to themselves. It was their case in a tenfold de-
gree. It was virtually a case between these bank
debtors and the community, who hold bank bills as
money—a case in which the bank debtor had
this advantage: If the banks should suspend, he
might gain, but could not lose. The community
were certain to lose, and could never gain. He
might buy at discount, bank notes, with which, at
par, he could pay his own. Community lost the
discount, but never shared the premium. It is
more than equivalent to a voluntary act of bank-
ruptcy, for it enabled a man to stop payment,
keep his property, and pay his debts at 25 cents in
the dollar. It was a copartnership, in which one
of the firm was bound to share the loss, having no
portion of the profits.
4tb- Another effect was, that in the excitement
of this expansion, you created an artificial demand
for money, which tempted out of its proper chan-
nels that capital which, being needed, was habitu-
ally used in the regular conrse of trade, and con-
sequently kept on deposite with the banks. The
abstraction of this and its diversion, to unwise,
uncertain, hopeless, helpless, and useless specula-
tions, tended, like the "removal of the deposites,"
primarily to emoarrass the banks, to test the sound-
ness of their issues, aad to make manifest (what ex-
istid before, but was unknown) the derangement of
tbe«urrency.
5th. One more effect I will speak of.   In a cris
like this, in which the bank debtor had the decided
advantage of community, and community had sus-
tained loss without a gam, the banks had the ad-
vantage of both. If their bills depreciated, they
would send into the market and buy them up—if
they were forced to redeem, ihey too could force
their debtors by a contest with them. By the power
they possessed over the money and the credit of the
country, they had the whole property interests at
their mercy.
Other and more remete effects of this unlawful
and destructive use of public money, I will point
out hereafter, because my constituents are more in-
terested, if possible, m them, and beins more hid-
den, they are not so easily detected For the pre-
sent, I will here set down to this account, all ihe
evils, moral, physical, commercial, and political,
of a vitiated and debased paper currency.
I say, sir, this system of issuing upon, and being
governed by the public funds, is unlawful. You
gave the stockholders a charter for a capital of
commanding a/nount, $35,000,000. For what
purpose? Was "it not that it might be able, by the
extent of that capital, to furnish a circulation large
enough to spread over your Union?
For seventeen years they overlooked the conside-
ration that their capital was large, and governed
their circulation by the amount of money yon let
them keep; and your experience proves that, if by
this bank you would furnish a circulation, you
must not only give a charter with controlling capi-
tal, bnt you mast habitually keep, on deposite,
your money to the amount of bank circulation to
be supplied. Did you not expect that, in its bills
you would at all times find a uniform and safe me
dram of exchange, North, South, East, and West-
What do you see? Its capital loaned out or in-
vested; its amount of specie inadequate; its circu-
lation unsound, being based on and governed
by your own money; irredeemable and debased;
its affairs in a condition that, (to use the words of
its president, spoken in regard to the country at
targe,) "All the banks in the Union eannot save it
from bankruptcy."
With a charter the most liberal; a capital the
most commanding; stockholders foreign, as well as
domestic, lords and ladies, dukes and earls, plebe-
ians and patricians, widows and orphans, and capi-
talists, great and small, operating twenty years;
with an average annual Government deposite of
nine or ten millions, free of interest; you have
seen pressure after pressure, expansion and con-
traction repeated; till at the wind up it ends in
discredit and bankruptcy, to the confusion of its
friends, and mortification of its administrators.
Sir. we have seen its evils. Where are its bene-
fits?
But, sir, gentlemen say our accumulated evils,
that elicit such loud complaints, are the effects of
the measure on your table. How can it be? It
has not get begun to operate. If it does go into
operation, it can only take from the banks that
which does not belong to them. If they have not
used them as a basis of issue, their removal cannot
prejudice the circulation. If they have, the respon-
sibility is on them, and the country will call them
to answer for all the mischief.
What, sir! has it already come to this, that at
this early period of our history, the people dare not
attempt to use their own money, deposited in bank
for safekeeping, without receiving through their
agents insult and indignity at the hands of these
corporate powers? Is it not enough that they have
had the use of $10,060,000 for twenty years free
of interest? Or must the people, in demanding their
money, be told they shall suffer and be pressed un-
til they not only withdraw the demand, but grant
this corporation all it asks? Sir, I trust there is
patriotism and fortitude in the people to endure a
while until they shall be rid of this system of Ha-
milton and all its evils and abuses..
This system, Mr. Chairman, is thus ¡>hown to be
unlawful and injurious, both in theory and prac-
tice. Its unconstitutionality is so well established
by my colleagues, who spjke in support of this bill,
that any argument of mine is superseded.
Who, then, is at a loss to assign the "true causes
of the hard limes and the derangement in the cur-
rency?   If there be one so wilfully blind, so perse-
vering in his purpose not to see, as to affect unbe-
lief with these bank statements before htm, let me
call that one's attention to one more fact, drawn
from the two bank statements now before me, and
already referred to. In 1833, when the deposites
were removed from the United Sutes Bank, they
amounted to $12,753,543, which left of that Bank's
circulation $12,000,000, in round numbers, resting
on the deposites for suppsrt.
The funds were transferred to the pet banks in
1834, 1835, and 1836, during which time their cir-
culation was increased to 55,000,000, without a
corresponding increase of capital. This, added to
that ef the United States Bank, makes the sum of
67,000,000 of circulation in 1837, most of winch
rested on the 12 000,000 of Government funds.
But the Government, in the next two years, used
this fund, and left (as appears this year by the un-
dented statement of the gentlemen from Maine and
Pennsylvania, both on the Ways and Means Com-
mittee) an empty Treasury—a condition enviable
to freemen.
Where is the power to redeem this fifty or sixty
millions of irredeemable paper. It lies in the
sweat of the brow, or under the sheriff's hammer.
What will be the cost of redemption? Much toil,
large amount of interest, or a great sacrifice of pro-
perty. Who must endure the toil? The laboring
man. Who pays the interest? The community
pays it. Whether debtor to the banks or not, they
pay the tribute. Who will say what shall be sacri-
ficed on property? I answer the banks, and they
alone.
It is not in the power of this bill to affect either.
Wbat if the banks had BOt used the Government
funds to loan its credits on—how coaid the taking
or using of it affect the bank debtors or community,
otherwise than beneficial? So long as you pay in
gold and silver, you cannot affect the measure of
value between me and my customer; nor can you,
by that, increase or lessen my power to accumulate
by the sweat of my brow, or by the exertion of my
talents.
It is the maladministration of the banks, then,
that has induced hard times, a maladministration,
too, in that particular, wherein this bill alone, by
effecting a total divorce, can effect even the induce-
ment to a remedy. Then let us have it—by all
that is good, and wise, and charitable and patri-
otic, and merciful, let us have it.
You now see, Mr. Chairman, that under the ope-
ration of this great Federal measure of Alexander
Hamilton, your public money has been habitually
n«ed by the Bank for its own purposes; and when
you would demand it or offer to change your poli-
cy, to one more safe and certain, all your public
agents are denounced by the Bank and its adhe-
rents, as disorganizes.
I now propose to show what has been the cost
of this bank system to the people, in a pecuniary
point of view.                            „
The average deposite on which the
people received  no   interest  for
twenty years, was            -           -    $10,000,000
Interest on this at 6 per eent. per an-
num, is    ....          600,000
This is annually sunk by the lying idle of that
amount on deposite. But as a substitute for it,
and to render it active, they say, the Bank issued
its notes and loaned them to the people; for which
it made the people pay 6 per cent more, which is
f 600 000. In these two items of expense, the
loss in one year is $1,200,000. Add to this the
wear and tear, and loss by fire and water an bank
notes, and the like, by forgery, and yon have some
idea of the actual and unavoidable annnalexpense
of keeping up this system. It wiH not fall short of
$1,500,000 per annum, or $30,000,000 in the twenty
years. This is what the free people of this coun-
try have paid to the banks. For what have they
paid it? For no other purpose than to receive it
and pay it out to them. What benefit has the
bank derived? First, $600,000 yearly in interest.
Secondly, the profit by destiuction of its bills, &c.;
and, lastly, the profits on exchange, in which it was
enabled, by the deposites, to deal to the best advan-
tage, the sum of which I am unable to state here.
But on any estimate they must be great.
Other expenses incident and contingent to this
