Jun*, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4S1S
26th Cons....1st Skss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Cooper.
H. of Reps.
system, corresponding to such as have been charged
to ihe Sub-Treasury bill, might be mentioned.
la this estimate, made by me before the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sergeant] spoke, I
have the high gratification to say, on his authority,
that every item named is properly included in the
account. For he, on similar data, has endeavored
to eihibit the expense of the Sub-Treasury scheme,
and I congratulate myself when I find that, after
being so fortunate as to adopt his mode of investi-
gating and his plan of argument, the balance, on
the score of economy alone, after including all his
incidental and contingent items, and excluding
mine, is at least $500,000 annually in favor of the
plan I advocate. Now add to this the contingent
and unavoidable items incident to the bank system,
to wit: the depreciation or loss on paper mi ney
from lime to time, by which arises the fluctuations
in value and prices, and you will have at least a
loss of 10 per cent, on the amount of deposites, or
$1,000,000.
To what end, sir, is all this to be suffered and
submitted to, but to perpetuate the Federal plan of
Hamilton; to establish a bank with its arrogant and
domineering power over you, to rule your Govern-
ment, diotate its revenue, direct its expenditure,
.appoint your President, use your money, change
your Constitution, mould your policy, and control
your trade and commerce; finally, to declare war
and make peace?
Mr. Chairman: if it was right to remove the de-
posites, it is more abundantly proper to keep them
out of the banks.
Here, sir, I plant myself triumphantly on the
ground once occupied by a distinguished representa-
tive of Georgia, (George R. Gilmer,) at a time
when, being about to measure arms with the bank,
your late President, Andrew Jackson, the only man
who could "take the responsibility," seized the only
measure to succeed, and dared to remove the de-
posi'es.
Governor Gilmer then made an argument which,
in many features, is extremely pertinent now.
Some ot those arguments, if applied here, enforced
by the energy and sincerity of Gilmer, would be to
my colleagues, who oppose me here, as bunning
firebrands, the scorching effect of whtch could
only be avoided, as they now &eek to avoid this, the
true issue, by getting out of its way.
On that occasion Mr. Gilmer made ihe fol'owing
remarks, among others.
Speaking of the safety of ihe public funds, which
is one of the lealing objects ot this bill, Mr. Gil-
mer said:
"If safety had been the sole reason for placine (he public mo
ney in the Bank, it might have been permitted to remain in th«
hands of the collectors or receivers, or placed in the Treasury,
where money had never yet been placed "
Speaking of the Secretary's reasons for removing
the deposites, be said:
"He differed with him as to the sufficiency of all the reasons
which he had assigned, except that which charged the Bank
with producing commercial embarrassment, by withholding the
accommodations from the people, which the possession of the
public deposites enabled it to give "
He here charges that the Bank held and used the
public money as a means of power to effect its ob-
ject.   He said:
'"He was resolved not to lis drawn aside from the course of
his remarks by the extraordinary aits which had been med by
the advocates of the Bank, aud those who were zealously en-
gaged ir the struggle for party, to persuade the people that the
restoration of the deposites had no connection with the rechar
ter of the Bank He should not degrade the cause of truth,
and of his country, by entenng into such a controtersy. To
be convinced that the recharter of the Bank was connected
with the restoration of the public deposites, it is only necessary
to trace out ihe conduct of the Bank, and what must obviously
• 5?itM lMan coane The end °r a tank was to make profit
The charter of the Bank was near expiring To obtain a re
charter was greatly more important to the Bank than any profit
Which could be derived from its ordinal y business All its
operations of late had been, and would continue to be, directed
to the accomplishment of that purpose "
Sir, it has become my duty to "trace out the con-
duct of the Bank," aod I have now shown ihat his
every charge is true. He, in 1834, preferred the in-
dictment. In 1840, I, bearing the same relation to
the grand inquest, have adduced the proof.
In 1834, ''ihe advocates of the Bank, zealously
engaged in the struggle for party, used extraordi-
nary arts to persuade the people that the restora-
tion of the deposites had no connection with the
recharter of the Bank."
"Mr Gilmer, in sovereign contempt for those 'acts,' said 'he
wouw not aiB^race the cause of truth and of hi  country, by en
teringinto such a controversy To be convinced of it, it was
only necessary 'to trace but the conduct of the bank,' and see
that 'all its operations of late had been directed to the acrom
pli hment of that end "
Sir, at this very day, the same party represented
by some of the same men, are " advocates of the
Bank," zealously engaged in the struggle for party!
They use Ihe most "extraordinary arts" to per-
suade the people that this bill has nothing do with
"a recharter of the United States Bank."
I will not "degrade (he cause of truth and of my
country," by entenng into such a controvers}; but
to convince all concerned, I have "traced the con-
duct" of that Bank, and have proved that it used
the public money, and directed all its late opera-
tions to the accomplishment of its purpose.
In 1840,1 find myself at the same point where
Mr. Gilmer made battle in 1834. I have the same
party on this floor to fight against, and the same
men of that party; I fight with the same weapons,
under the same banner, with the same purpose; and
furthermore, I have the same allies, (saving and
excepting always a certain very distinguished Se-
nator,) and what do I perceive? Why, sir, within
sixty days past, I perceive those who, in 1834,
scorned the "arts" used by the advocates of the
Bank " to persuade the people to believe a lie,"
who refused to "degrade the cause of truth and of
his country," by discussing these attempts to de-
ceive ihe people, now that I have "traced the con-
duct of the Bank," and proved all Mr. Gilmer then
said to be true, marching in allignment with that
parly, which he then fought.
Yes, I behold amongst them my colleagues,
interposing m behalf ot that party, to arrest my
arm, to foil my attack, weaken my defence, or turn
the edge of my weapons. Sir, they invite me to
enlist with them, and fight with other weapons,
under another banner. " Being zealously engaged
in the struggle for party," they use very " extraor-
dinary arts to persuade the people" that the Sub-
Treasury has no connection with the restoration of
the deposites or charter of a bank. They now
strive to convince me that it will not "degrade
the cause of truth and of their country," to enter
iuto such a controversy. Sir, unwilling as I am to
deal a single blow at them, still I stiike for the
cause of truth and of my country."
Mr. Gilmer further said:
"After the President had put his veto to th« b-11 for a rechar
ter, did the Bank commence the gradual reduction of business,
with the view of closing its concerns? Assuredly not. By
enlarging its accommodations from forty-five to seventy mil
lion's, U proved its determination tebuy up popular favor for
its candidate for the Presidency; that its life might, at the end «f
four years, be renewed for twenty more. This attempt to
bribe the people had provedas great a failure as the effort to
deter the President from vetoing the bill for a recharter "
Are not the pary, which then and now advocate
a bank, that thus attempted to "bribe ' the people,
and "deter" the President, the Same which I op-
pose now? Is not the candidate which wa*then in
the field, the candidate who has now my opposition?
And do not my colleagues support him"?
"If, «aid Mr Gilmer, the positions which I had assumed were
true, (and they seemed to him to be self evident,) the distress
could only have been brought about by the Bank of the United
States It might not be possible to trate out, with exactness,
all the means whuh had been used by ihe Bank for that pur-
pose—the curtailment of its issues fiom seventy to fifty two
millions, with the great and increasing effort, which the friends
of the Bank had made, to produce alarm and general distrust of
credit, (anparalleled in the history banking,) was, he believed,
Mr G said, the true cause of mOBt of the commercial embar-
rassment, which had been felt in the country "
Here Mr. Gilmer, in 1834, assigning the true
causes of the embarrassment of the country, charges
it to the United Sta'es Bank, and never intímales a
charge against the Government, or the President,
who removed the deposites. The causes that pro-
duced it then, continued to operate till 1840, and
are now the causes. Speaking of the consequen-
ces of rechartering the Banks    Mr. Gilmer said:
"Suchan institution would, he sail, necessarily have the
power of rendering the Government, in some degree, subsidiary
to it in time of war, and of changing, at its will, the price of all
property by its command of the currency There were other
objection < to which he desired to call the special attention of
the friends of constitutional liberty and the rights of the States
lie urged the friends of the rights of the States to resist every
attempt to confirm to the United States its usurped power over
the money of the people by the recharter of the Bank The
effort must be made now or never Unite the Bank and the Go
vernmentfor twenty years longer, and the advocation of the
rights of the States would become folly. Upon this question,
Mr Gilmer said, was formed the first marked distinction be-
tween the Federal and anti Federal parties—between the advo-
cates of the individual freedom of the citizen and the advocates
for controlling power in the Government "
Here, sur, are plain truths, strongly told, in Mr.
Gilmer's proper style. Is it not strange that State
Rights men are unwilling to resist the attempt now
making at a United States Bank, and are willing to
abandon the "advocation of the rights of the
States," or lie down under this charge of "folly,'*
by resisting the only policy than can supersede  a
Bank, and opposing the only party that will vote
against it?
"It was with regret that he found many of those who pro-
fessed the same general political opinions with himself sepa
rated from him, upon the subject ol the proper disposition of
the public deposites and the recharter of the United States
Bank "
If permitted, I will join in this expression of re-
gret. The proper disposition of the public depo-
sites is still the question, and so is the Bank. In
1834, there were three plans: 1st. The United
States Bank; 2d. The pet banks; 3d. The Sub-
Treasury.
The Federalists took the first, and still adhere to
it. The Conservatives, with Gen. Jackson's party,
tried the second, and have given it up as the worst
of all. And the State Rights men of the South took
the 3d, or Sub-Treasury, but, strange to tell, very
many of them give it up just as we are able to try
it, mainly to preserve their consistency of position
in reference to men, and unite with that party who
adopted the first plan; who, being placed in power,
will unite the Bank with the Government, and
then, as Mr. Gilmer said, "all advocation of the
rights of the States will become folly."
Mr Gilmer said:
"He but discharged the obligation he owed to those h  repre-
sented, when h  urged them not to be carried off from the main-
tenance of the rights of the States and the people by the contest
for power among the ambitious aspirants for the first office of
the country "
So we all "urged," so I still urge. Nevertheless,
it is true that very many of our State Rights men
have changed their policy in this regard, and are
willing to enter into "the contest" for the first of-
fice in the country, and elect that man and put in
power that party who were, in 1834, and stUl are,
the "advocates of the Bank," and who, beiDg in
power, will "charter a Bank," and thereby render
the "advocation of the rights of the States folly."
Is not this being "carried off from the mainte-
nance of the rights of the States, by the contest of
aspirants for the first office in the country?"
Once more, sir:
"The Bank, he said, was now curtailing lis business, either
with the view of us approaching end, or for the purpose of dis
tressmg the people If for the purpose of closing its concerns,
the deposites could be of no advantage to it, if with Ufe design
of distressing the people, in order to procure a recharter, could
Congress aid such a purpose by placing the public money in
its hands?'' (He said) ''he should not only oppose the restora-
tion of the deposites to the Bank of the United States, but every
other measure which had for its object the recharter of the
Bank. 
I know, sir, that the grand measure of those who
oppo-e the bill on your table, is that which "has for
its object" the charter of a United States Bank,
and ihat without this bill a Bank will be adopted.
No gentleman of intelligence and candor now
doubts or will deny it. This bill merely proposes
to put the money "in the Treasury where it never
yet has been," as Mr. Gilmer said, and where, as
he aLo said, it will be more safe.
After concluding this speech, the ablest he ever
delivered, Mr. Gilmer offered a series of resolutions,
strong and emphatic—amongst others, this:
"Resolved, That the creauon of a National Bank, or (fee re-
charter of the present Bank of the United States, is notoaly an
exercise of power not authorized by the Constitution, but dan-
gerous to the individual independence of the people; to the
power of the States to resist the usurpation of thau rights and
to the continuance of our present free institutions.''
Sir, Mr. Gilmer is well known as a fearless de-
fender of truth, and I hope these sentiment  will be
appreciated.
On the same occasion, another son of Georgia,
[Col. Seaborn Jone?,] the  a Senate*, distinguished
himself by one of his ablest efforts; to which, 9ip-
mg to the shortness of my lime, I an* oa*y Permit-
ted to make a general reference. He and $it.
Gilmer sustained Gen. Jackson in refusing to re-
store the deposites, These two representatives of
Georgia were of the State Rights party. In doing
what they then did, they did and said as much to
conn ct their party prejudices and pariy principies
as we do now in suppoiting this bill; and yet (bat
party, with all their opposition to what was es>
teemed a highhanded move in the President, sus-
tained them; whilst now we are denounced. How
does it happen?
