•1*
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1640.
£6th Con«...«1st Skss.
Independent Treasury—Mr Cooper.
H. of Reps.
sioi, 25th Congress, you nave an exhibit of the
sums annually paid to pensioners and annuities and
grants for Revolutionary services. From the com-
mencement of the Government to the charter of
the late Bank, the annual average did not exceed
$100,000 From that time to 1838, the annual
average was f 1,500,000. And it appears, the far-
ther we remove from the Revolution the greater the
number of heroes demanding pensions.
In two years after the charter, the sum advanced
fr m 300,000 to 3,300,000. About the time of the
contest with the Government and Bank, when the
latter wanted large power, to wit, in 1833 and '33,
thesara rose from 1,200,000 to 4,400,000. After the
effect of the removal was felt, to wit, in 1836 and
^8, at the expiration of the Bank charter, it was
reduced from 3,500,000 to 800,000—com iog back
to what it was before the charter. Does not this
prove what I said?
What portion of the 53,000,000 has gone South,
mud what North, and what has each paid?
I make the same remark here that I did before:
My object is not to excite sectional jealousy; but
to advise my constituents of their interests, and
awaken the sense of justice of the North
Georgia has only received about 320,000 of the
38,000,000. And this burden, just or unjust, has
Tt>een increased by the Hamiltoman system, to give
a greater average deposite. lam here reminded
that the gentleman from Philadelphia, [Mr. Skr-
«Eant,] when discussing the pension bill, said
"these deposites were never worth one cent to the
Bank." And yet he endeavored to show that th«-y
were of vast importance to the pet banks. I know
not how to think him sincere. They were more
important and useful to the United States Bank
than to the pet banks. If not useful, why use
"extraordinary arts to persuade the people to re-
store them." Why such vast effort to defeat this
bill ? It only "puts the money where it never was
before—in the Treasury."
It gives the President no power over the money
that he did not have over it in the banks. The
way to get at it is the same. The persons to call
for it are the same. Indeed the power must be
less, since the sum will be diminished. Sir, you
remember when the banks were put on the distinct
terms of not using the deposites, the best banks in
the country refused to take them; the Bank of
South Carolina, Bank oi Louisville, &c; and
many of those who did take them, got sick of it, or
breke, and conld not return it. This appears by
by document 304 of the Senate, third session Twen-
ty-fifth Congress, which I hold in my hand.
Bat to return to the effect of this _Hamil Ionian
system on the revenue. What I have shown in
regard to particular classes of expenditure, lawful
or unlawful, is true in regard to the expenditures
in the general. This I illustrate by document
No. 313 of the Senate, third session Twenty-fifth
Congress, now before me, showing the annua! re-
ceipts and expenditures of the Government from
1817 to 1838. Compare this with the state of the
deposites, and you will find that whenever there
happened any considerable reduction in the depo-
sites or basis oí issue, there was an immediate call
for increase of revenue, and of course new pretexts
of expenditure, whether the times were good or
bad.
How was it in 1819? "Hard times." What
«as the deposites? Reduced by the payment of
public debt, from 7 to 2,000,000.
What was the expenditure? Increased from 10
and 12,000,000 to 17,000,000, just the sum taken
oat.
How was it in 1824? " Hard times." Deposites
reduced from 10 to 8,000.000; expenditures in-
creased from 10 to 13,000,000.
How in ^2 and '33? " Flourishing times." But
Jackson and the bank were at war. It was impor-
tant to increase the power. The local bank influ-
ence began to co-operate, and expenses and depo-
sites both increased.
In 1636, the actual expenses still increased from
similar causes. From that period, however,
tbtf have diminished, making due allowances for extraordina-
ry ttetns; more especially do we And them reduced in the pe-
culiarly obnoxious item of internal improvements, as well as
the pennon  Hence, air, the history of your finances and
«hose of the banks prove that the United States Bank has bad
important influence on the policy of the Government.   And
when the secret is told, it is true that its interests, direct and in
direct, liave had more to do in running the Government into
extravagance than any man's party Its party is always that
which goes for increase of revenue by loans or otherwise
They never object Hence you find it strongly supported by
those who, not being dependent lor office on a particular pre
sident, have a permanent interest in high salaries
Alexander Hamilton said, concerning the Bank, whilst he was
recommending a plan, amongst other things, that it is not a
"mere matter of private property, but a political machine of
the greatest importance to the State " So it is esteemed by all
who entertain the viewsof the powers, ends, and nature of our
Government, which he did Again Mr Hamilton sail on the
same occasion ' These deposites are i if immense consequence
to the banks " In this, he greatly differed from the gentleman
from Philadelphia
Having spoken of the political and pecuniary evils under
which we labor, and traced them, in a most important degree, to
the fallacy, en ors, and mischiefs of your banking system, per-
mit me simply to lefei you to the vastne<!s of fie moral evil
arising from it.
First, it has made the obligations of "ray promise" hang
loosely around me It has destroyed the sacrpdness of "my
word," and made me lightly esteem my ''honor "
Hence has arisen a want of self-confidence and self respect,
which has opened a door to all kinds ol vice and immorality,
idleness, profligacy, and abandonment of honest, sober, patient
industry, accompanied by a contempt for its temperate, and vir
tuous rewards A false standard of worth has led to cnors of
judgment in conduct and men, by which labor has become dis
reputable, and indolent ease applauded and chenihed These
in turn had their effects on the results of political economy, dis
paraging in the aggregate the products of labor, thereby aggra
vating the causes of distress as well as their effects Physically,
the same corresponding results have been witnessed Your old
men are worn out ind enfeebled, by ceaseless watching Your
middle aged are becoming miserly or indifferent to their
love of country—whilst your young men find them-
selves more at home in the drawingroom than in the field
In the field they look out for a shade or a place of repose
Yoursoldieis love their barracks, and your officers are pleased
with their dress parades, and delight in the haunts of the Capi-
tol, and the man of God seeks comfort and enjoyment in the
vain excitement of political life. Thus, it seems, this great
Federal system, that lias been in operation, as has been said,
from the days of Hamilton, works badly, politically, financial
ly, morally, physically, and religiously. "Let us have a change
We cannot be worsted "
Even a safe and prudent merchant, or an honest banker, need
not dread a change, neither can be injured by it The reckless
speculator or the bankrupt has no motive to resist a change
The latter will no longer be credited by the banks, and will do
well to set up for the individual ciedit system, so used up by
the batiks The former, too, can no more expect facilities, for
the banks have speculated till they understand how far they
should go, or permit others to go, hence the speculator may
learn self respect, and rebel against this sort of guardianship.
This measure is the only alternative or escape from the
United Slates Bank, and this, with me, is a good reason for
fairly testing, its virtue
Again this bill not only enables us to escape from the evils
of a bad and unauthorized system, but it goes on the assump-
tion that we are to return to that currency in the Govern
ment transactions, which alone is constitutional It brings
back the Government to what the framers intended it to be,
and the administration ef it to the Republican standard
The law provided at an early period that gold and silver
alone should be received and paid out. Mr Hamilton first, by
a mere Treasury order, interfered with this Jaw, and encroached
on its provisions That law, I bolieve, remains unrepealed
And on what ground can any one, except the genuine Federal
1st, object to its execution?
Having given satisficwry reasons tor a change of the pre
sent system, and a correction of its abuses, as well as for the
adoption of the measure before the committee, I will now an
swer some of the prominent obiections ta the bill
The gentleman from Philadelphia [Mr Sergeant] says "A
certain amount is to be supplied for the use of th  revenue—to
lie idle "
This amount, under the operation of the bill, he assumes will
be, on an average, f 5,000,000, and is to be then for the use "of
the revenue " Thus far there is no objection. But It is to "lie
idle " Very well, admit the argument for sake of argument,
and contrast the bill with the Bank, or Hamiltoniau plan, and I
have shown by the Bank statement, that in twenty years' expe-
riment they have kept from nine to ten millions of dollars for
th" use of the Bmk,( whii-h the Treasurer could not obtain f T
the "use of the revenue" when he wanted it, and if the people
took it away, they were pressed until they put it back
Hesays "In the midst of our difficulties, we haveheenan
nnally importing specie How did we get it? By going in
debt"
I have shown that the reason why specie was brought in the
midst of our difficulties, was. that the Bank issued on the depo-
sites, and was governed by them, their disturbance- drove the
Bank to substitute stocks, -which, being negotiated abroad,
brought specie here, and that it was a loan induced by the policy
of the banks I am happy to have my views thus corroborated
The gentleman has stated facts    I have explained their causes
Again, in his estímate of the expense of this plan, he says, m
the aggregate it will be «1,000,000, and asks "if any one will
contend weoushtto pay if" I say not, if we can avoid it
But I have shown, that by the Bank system, the expense in
one single item is SI,200,000, and if I estimate all the items as
he has'done, it wil be nearer $3,000 000 annually; so the Bank
system is not the plan to save the $1,000,000
ne gives an extraordinary statement of the expense of
"transferring funds in Wiskonsin," a remote and wild country.
The sum was small Did hp set down against this the vast
sumsannually lost on accountofthe fluctuations of exchanges,
between South and North, on transactions of millions and hun-
dredsof millions, induced by suspensions, the effect of malad-
ministration of his favorite Bank—suspensions in which his
Bank, with others, took advantage of the people, to put ex
change to five, ten, and twenty five per cent premium, and
keep it there, after "importing and keeping, in the midst of our
difficulties," mere specie than the country ever had before?
In this sum of five millions of dollars, "to lie idle" under the
bill, he says you "start with a minimum " I think just the re-
verse, and have given the reasons By his system, however,
it is clearly proved we "started with a minimum," and ended
with a maximum Here h history against prophecy Hesays
by the Bank the transfer of public lunds costs you nothing I
grant, by the account stated on the Bank books, there may be
no charge Thatdoes not prove it cosfsnothtng; if so, this bill
would not be expensive His plan only costs the people a char-
ter—a barter of their Constitution, anda bonus of one million
ff dollars over and above all the expense he charges against
the Sub-Treasury
"The banks." hesays, "are suffering with the community "
A glorious state of suffering indeed' oiie in which they gain
every thing and need lose nothing, in which, having all power,
they command every thing, and are, therefore, interested to
prolong the suffering I save and except here, sir, such banks
as have held the deposites sacred, and have done a legitimate
business
"1 will turn you to facts curious to behold " "Our expen-
ditures, it is amazing to see how they have increased within a
few years "
This is one curious fact, to which I have been curious enough
to call your attention already, with a view to show wherein lies
the curiosity I should have been amazed if one so conversant
with the bank policy as that gentleman, should have failed to
point to this "curious fact " It is the legitimate offspring of
the system which he, with exultation, ascribes to Alexander
Hamilton, in these words
"Hamihon arranged the plan that has never been altered, ex
cept once in 1829 "
He is right sir, and what was that plan?   It was to use the
banks as depositaries    There the money was kept to the credit
of the Treasurer of the United States    Yet he says
"The Treasurer has never any money in his keeping "
By warrants, drafts, and checks, it was drawn, transferred,
or paid out, in bank paper, good or bad
By that plan the Treasurer's office and these banks or vaults
were (ailed the Treasury ofthe United States, for Mr. Gallatin
said expressly
"These depositaries are the Treasury of the United States "
See State Papers, vol 2d, title Finance, page 461 and 463
Now in what does this bill differ! "The offices in the Trea-
sury Buildmg, in Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Charleston.
Orleans, and St Louis, are called the "Treasury of the United
States," here is no difference But these places are not corpo-
rations to issue paper money, there is one difference.
The money is placed to the credit of the Treasurer here is
no difference To be paid on his own warrant, draft or check,
as heretofore here is no difference. In gold and silver—here is
the sound and material difference. This is not all, sir "Hamil.
ton arranged the first—Federalists adopted it, have always advo-
cated it, and stilt do The State Rights men proposed the se-
cond, have always advocated it, and still ought.
But, after stating this "curious fact" about the expenditures,
which caused him to be "amazed," his amazement ceases, and
he says
"Expenses have increased, do increase, and ought to it-
crease " Thus he comes at last to the creed of a true be-
liever.
He says "The placing the money there to the credit of the
Treasurer, subject to his draft as though in the Treasury, is an
unconstitutional featuie "
If this be true, then he and Mr Gallatin have furnished addi-
tional authority for saying the plan of Hamilton was unconsti-
tutional For the money was placed in the "depositories to the
credit of the Treasuter¡" and "these depositories were called
the Treasury of the United States "
"Take care how you extract from the people, and give it to a
cold heartless Treasury."                                             „
Tha' operation has proved a cooling business to the Bank,
and has left them "heartless," too, howevei much of soul they
may have had But of what use is this caution? Take his own
plan, and Mr Gallatin says "those depositories are the Treasu-
ry,"andin the words of the gentleman I reiterate his warning
"You give no aid to the banks, you jostle trade " Sir, you
have helped them to the means by which they have deranged
the currency and jostled trade; you have given them millions
annually, to be used under the privileges of a charter, you have
helped them to the power of producing excitement, expansion,
and contraction; of speculating on your people; of raising or
lowering prices, of corrupting the purity of your public tribu-
nals, and of almost perpetuating their own existence, and yet
their friends cry, "Give, give" The time has come when we
should say no to any proposition that looks to toe increase of
their power
' This is a war on banks "
Not so It is a child's bargain The people instruct us to
sav to the banks, "Let us alone and we will let you «lone "
Congress has no power to do or say more by any operation on
the currency
But he says, "Will you give no help to exchanges?" Sir,
the only effect you can produce, the only aid you can give, is
that of a verv large dealer in exchange, whose purpose and
habtt His to give it to you at par, evert where That ouch aid,
and no more, we propose to give by this bill—and that only to
the extent of our transactions in raising and disbursing a reve-
nue limited to the actual wants of the Government
But why call on us? Your favorite system operated for 90
years, and what did it effect? What it failed to make op do-
mestic, it made up in foreign exchanges; and it found it more
profit in commanding all the exchange, at a given rate, than to
speculate for aeeason In this, too, it founded its only hope of
reputation, its only claim to regeneration.
But when you refused its demands, how did it requite you for
years of kind treatment? 'As if to manifest its want of gratitude,
it threw your currency overboard, and destroyed more at its
death than it created during its life.
The operations on foreign exchange afforded a wider field,
and whilst it prided itself m the uniformity of domestic ex-
changes, the foreign were left to take their course This may
be illustrated by tne exchange table here before me, in Senate
doc 2d sess 25th Cong p. 457, 137, and 133 It shows that
from 1788 to 1814, exchange on England was at an average dis-
count of three percent For the time, great uniformity in the
rate prevailed    The widest range was to 4£ premium
Fiom 1815 to 1838 exchange on England was at an average
premium of 8J No uniformity prevailed whilst it ranged
from 1 to 18, and from 7 to 21 premium
In the coincidence between the fluctuations of this commodity
at different times and the rise or fall in the deposites and circu
lation of the United States Bank, some "carious facts" appear,
which it will be amazing to heboid The document first re
ferred to, and the document 142, Senate, 3d sess 26th Cong will
exhibit them.
