618
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.Í
86th Cono*«"1st. Sess.
SI1                                           ' '   "
Independent Treasury—Mr. Cooper.
H. of Reps.
be collected by the officers of Government, though
the keeping of it mnst be cotnmited to private as-
sociations. It is not easy to see the distinction; if
men are too worthless to be trusted wuh the latter
doty, it is unwise to allow their interference for
any parpóse, and banks should measure boxes,
gauge mslasses, sell land, and saunter about the
country as regalar tax gatherers. The case of
Swartwout illustrates this view of the subject; his
defalcation occurred during the connection of the
Government wi h the banks, and whilst the public
officers were ordered to collect and depoúte in
these institutions. Yet this did not prevent the em-
bezxlement; for if a man be disposed to cheat, he
has ample opportunity during the process of col-
lection. The truth is, that whether banks or indi-
viduals be the depositaries, the Government is
equally exposed to loss; the only safe rale is to se-
lect truitwo thy men, to keep a vigilant eye over
their conduct, and to inflict the heaviest penalties
on negligence and dishones'y. This bill goes far
to place guards around the pnblio treasure; should,
however, flne, imprisonment, and future disquali-
fication for office be unavaiing, let the whipping
post and the gibbet drive men into the paths of
rectitude.
But, sir, I will proceed to a topic of still greater
importance. It is pretended that the poser of the
President will be increased by the provisions of
this bill, and the patriotic sensibilities of gentlemen
are aroused by the idea that the commander of the
army and navy, and the leader of forty thousand
office holders, should also have control of the Fe-
deral purse. The zeal of these animated orators
would encourage ihe belief that publ c liberty was
in danger, and that the President was grasping at
all the-powers of the Constitution, in order to
change'the nature of our Republic.
A plain statement will dissipate these clouds, and
relieve the anxieties of honorable gentlemen, if
they are sincerely in search of truth, and not play-
ing the game of petty politicians for selfish pur-
poses.   If the Government and the banks be con-
nected, the public money will be deposited in these
institutions, iubject to the drafts of certain officers,
in pursuance of old and established laws.    Whether
it be a bank chartered by Congress or a State Le-
gislature, the keeper of the money is compelled to
obey the command of these officers; it cannot be
said that the fund is to be used for an improper or
illegal object, the depositary cannot inquire into the
motives and designs of the public agent*, though it
be suspected that they are wasting the treasure of
the nation, bat drafts in  the legal form and from
the proper authority must be promptly paid.    It
thus appears that the revenue of the country must
be under the control of some one, and existing
statutes have placed it under the care of officers in
the Department of the Treasury; they have it de-
posited in banks, they draw it out according to the
exigences of the public service, and on their intel-
ligence and integrity we rely for a faithful discharge
of these important duties.   Now, sir, the President
appoints these officers, and, from the con traction
pat on the Constitution since the days of Washing-
ton, be can remove them at p'easure; if they thwart
the plans of ambition, if they refuse to he ihe tools
of corruption, or if they decline to use the public
money for any purpose which  the President may
dictate, he can eject them from office, and substitute
in their stead men of more pliant and less scrupulous
character.   This might happen under a Chief Ma-
gistrate who could have the fo!ly to attempt astretch
of authority, if we resolve to keep this Government
and the banks united.   Would our situation be
different, if th:s bill becomes a law?   The officer in
charge of the public property might be cajoled by
his f Uperior, or driven to a'violation of his oath
and his duty to the country; through him ihe Pre-
sident could bribe  dishonest politician j, or rai-e a
secret army to war on  the rights of his fellow-citi-
zens, or use the nation's money to gratify still
lower propensities.    Thus in either case, whether
banks or individuals be  the depositaries, the Pre-
sident will have an  indirect control of the public
money, so long as the power of removal from
office is admitted, so long as subordinates must de-
pend on the smiles and favor of the Chief Magis-
trate, The most prominent measure of the late Ad-
ministration proves the truth of this argument; the
Secretary of the Treasury refused to cbey the Pre-
sident, and remove the deposites from the Bank or
the United Stales; he was displaced, and his suc-
cessor readily executed the mandate of hb superior.
Shame, then, on this hypocritical clamor against the
great measure of reform I Wnere is the proposi
tion to increase the power of the Executive? Where
is the clause by which he can exercise more influ-
ence than at present? This ai tempt to deceive
the people is worthy of scribbling partisans and
travelling orators; it ought not to appear in
this House, where we should assemble and delibe-
rate like dignified statesmen. If gentlemen are
fearful that the President may exercise an impro-
per influence on the Department of the Treasury,
the only way to remedy this evil is to effect aa
amendment of the Const.tution; and to make that
Department directly responsible to the representa-
tives of the people. A proposal of this nature
would involve grave considerations; it nvght
be feared that the Chief Magistrate would
be rendered weak and inefficient, or the
Secretary of the Treasury himself become
too powerful, or the Legislature would engross too
much authority, and trample under foot the
co-ordinate branches of the Government. But
the passage of this bill cannot be an obstacle to
any change which may be desired by the wisdom
and patriotism if the country; the question now
at issue concerns the keeping of the public mo-
ney, anJ whether it be placed in banks or in the
hands of our own officers for safety and disburse-
ment, the ultimate control of it may be given at
any time to.whomsoever the voice of the nation
shall direct.
The management of the "independent treasures"
will require the appointment of a few more of-
ficers and clerks, and to this extent the patronage
of the President must be increased, but it will be
ihown, in the progress of my remarks, that this is
trifling in comparison with that which will be lop-
ped off by separating the banks from the Govern-
ment.
But, Mr. Chairman, the strongest feature ef this
bill is that denominated the "specie clause,"
which orders the revenue to be collected in gold
and silver. This provision will go in'o operation
gradually, to avoid the injurious consequences of
a change too sudden, and to enable all classes to
accommodate their affairs to the future condition
of the currency. The enemies of this measure
have denounced it as a scheme to pro trate the
banks and the credit system; the demand of coin
is censidered a discrediting of paper issues, and
the complete overthrow of the present order of
things, and thence they have launched into a swol-
len eulogium of the glorious advantages of cre-
dit. The error of honorable gentlemen consists in
not discriminating between a standard of value, and
currency and credit; every Government is bound to
furnish its people with the former,and every Govern-
ment has performed that duty; but, as to credit and
currency, these have, generally been left to those
engaged in business; and it is now proposed that
we shall not interfere with the relations of private
individuals. If one man has earned more than he
needs, the surplus is loaned to another, on whose
industry and integrity he can depend. Money is
lent and borrowed from a sense of mutual interest:
this has been the case from the time of Adam, and
will continue to the end of the world. Is ihsre any
th ng in this bill to discourage men from using their
own property, or making such contracts as their
interests may dictate? Is there a clause prohibiting
individuals or corporations from loaning and bor-
rowing money, or receiving the promissory notes
of whomsoever they may be willing to trust? The
Federal Government is forbidden to treat paper as
money, not for the purpose of dishonoring that
which circulates, but because it should not discri-
minate between its citizens, by using the promissory
note of one and refusing that of another, and be-
cause the interests of the whole society will be pro-
moted by adopting a new policy. Sound credit is
a powerful agent in the production of wealth, and
the advancement of individual happiness; but gen-
tlemen are greatly mistaken in supposing that the
extravagances and corruptions of the banking sys-
tem, have pushed this country so rapidly in the^ca-
reer of national prosperity. The fertility of a vir-
gin soil, hitherto untouched by the ploughshare—
the enterprising spirit of our people, which no diffi-
culties can subdue—and the unfettered liberty en-
joyed under our free institutions—have caused the
wonderful development of the resources of this
highly favorsd land. But, sir, let us take a view of
the practical operation of this measure. One mem-
ber declaims loudly on the benign effects of paper.:
another theorizes on the benefits to be derived from"
gold and silver. I shall endeavor to discover the
real influence of this bill on the business of the
country and the character of our institutions.
If the coin paid to the Government be hoarded
up, great distress would certainly be produced
through all classes of the community; but it is
levied for the purpose of being used, it comes from
the pockets of the people into the Treasury, and it
will go to the public creditor to defray the ex-
penses of Government. The head of a family may
spend thousands of dollars, and yet rarely have, at
the same time, more than a few hundreds; his af-
fairs are so managed that his expenditure keeps
pace with his income, care being taken to provide
for any contingency that may reasonably happen.
Thus it is with the Federal Government; its reve-
nue is constantly accruing, and passing away in a
similar manner, unless an Administration should
have the madness to collect more than is wanted
for necessary purposes. It is impossible, however,
to expect an exact correspondence between receipts
and expenditures; ose or two millions are required
for the mint, and allowance mu4 be made for
casualties, so that ttie Treasury will always have a
considerable sum above its immediate liabilities.
Persons well acquainted with the details of finance
(and the calculation is easily made) have supposed
that five millions of dollars would be the amount
usually in the hands of public officer*: whatever
may be the annual incame, this will be the extent
of the demand for Government, and the remainder
will go into circulation, or return to the coffers from
which it came. When the system becomes esta-
blished, its operations would be regular, and banks,
merchants, and men of business,will conduct their af-
fairs accordingly; the dealer in money willsoonleara
to foresee the amount of specie that may be called
for, as also that which will assuredly come back
to his vault by the course of trade, and thence may
be known his ability to accommodate customers
and borrowers. It is probable that the sum above-
mentioned must be supplied by the banks, and they
should be prepared for this additional demand for
the precious metals. By the last report these insti-
tutions had thirty-three millions of dollars in coin,
and upwards of four hundred millions in debts,
whilst they owed much more than one hundred
millions to the community. Can it be possible
that corporations so rich, and having such entire
control of the business of the country, are unable
to redeem five millions of their own note*? Or is it
reasonable to suppose that their usefulness would
be destroyed by the refusal of the Government to
use their paper? Sir, these professed friends of the
banks are their worst enemies; they have done
more injury to paper currency by prating abeut its
weakness, and dragging the subject into politics,
than the most frantic bullionist could effect by ar-
gument. I think better of these institutions than
their political allies. I believe that they are per-
fectly able to answer the call made by this bill, and
if they are not, they would soon fall without the
hep of external violence. But it is said that if the
Government refuses paper, the people w ill follew
its example, and in the general distrust, nothing
but coin will be received with satisfaction. This
result is not probable; so long as paper is conve-
nient for commerce, and so long as it is re-
deemed promptly by those who issue it 
the thunder of Washington will be felt no
more than a popish bull. The greater governs
the less, and the hundreds of millions used
in the business of this vast and enterprising country
cannot yield to the small dealings of the Govern-
ment; the thousands who threng the avenues of
commerce, and congregate in the busy marts, will
consult their own interests and convenience, and
not the wishes of politicians.   General Jackson
