6*4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1840.
26th Cong... 1st Skss
District Banks—Mr.  Vanderpoel.
H. of Reps,
.to the Pennsylvania Legislature at its last session,
for the express purpose of producing bank reform;
and I hare seen that majority reduced to a mino-
rity, and that Legislature obeying the directions and
dictations of bank agents. I have seen that Le-
gislature, or a part of it, violate their pledges to
the people, and grant to the banks all they asked or
' desired, by passing a law legalising a suspen-
sion of specie payments—a violation of the laws of
common honesty. I have known the Legislatures
of other States of the Union to do the same thing;
and I cannot expect the members of this House to
be more than human beings, and be able to resist the
r>sse of bank directors, presidents and cashiers who
now see thronging our hall, and leading members
out of their seats to importune and operate on
them. Under All these circumstances, I have rea-
son to fear that the bill will pass as it did two years
since, just as the bankers wi«h it; yet I will not be
deterred from doing my duty. I will raise my
voice, feeble as it is, to protect all classes, but par-
ticularly the humble but industrious part of the
community, by asserting on this floor their griev-
ances. It I fall in protecting them from the ruth-
less gripe of bankers, it shall not be for want of a
will to do it.
I propose, by the first clause of the amendment,
to make the president and directors of the  banks
liable for their acts in their individual capacities.
It is no more than right that they should be restrict-
ed by the fear of personal accountability, for men,
as corporations, will do things that they will not do
when made liable for their acts.    Were I creating
a new bank, I would include, in this individual lia-
bility, the stockholders to the amount of the stock
sabsenbed; but as most of the stock of the banks
now before us is in the hands of persons who pur-
chased it under their present  charters, and as it
would have the appearance of unfairness to create
a new liability against them, I will not go to that
extent.   The second clause of the amendment is
intended lo prohibit the banks from declaring divi-
dends while they refuse to pay their debts.     No
honest man can object to such a provision.
The third clause of  the amendment is for the
purpose of enabling individuals to bring suit and
recover debts from  the banks.   At present, the
judges of the courts here claim and exercise the
right to issue injunctions at the instance of the
banks when sned fot their no'es, prohibiting jus-
tices of the peace from entering a judgment even
Where there was no defence.   As proof of this fact,
1  will refer the members of this body to House
document No. 53 of the extra session of 1837.
In that document, it will be found that James H.
Causten sued one of the banks for notes which the
«ffic*rs refused to pay; that the judge of the dis-
trict court issued an injunction prohibiting the jus-
tice of the peace entering a judgment, and that the
prohibition was obsyed.   No affidavit of defence
on the merits was filed; and all that was alleged
in the affidavit was, that the Bank was unable to
pay its notes, and that the plaintiff bought them.
Is it not time to enact some Jaw to prevent the re-
petition of such a gross violation of law and jus-
tice.   Here is proof that even the judiciary is made
to subserve the corrupt practices of the banks. The
president of the Bank of the Metropolis not content
with the use he made of the court, to defraud the
bolder of his own notes, waylaid Causten, knocked
him down with a club and best hira, in order, no
doubt, to deter others from asking for their rights.
There is another instance of the gross di' honesty of
the officers of this same bank, which is a matter of
record   in   the  proceedings of   this House.   At
the extra session of 1837, the Speaker deposited
the money,for the pay of the membersof the House
of Representatives in the Bank of the Metropolis.
Roderick Dorsey, the   Sergeant-at-Arm*, as ho-
nest and confiding a man as lives, not doubting the
honesty cf men who make such large professions
as the bank officers, took the specie to the bank in
bags and  boxes; but when he came to count it out,
there was a deficiency of nearly four thousand dol-
lars.    Thi> deficiency the bankers refused to make
good, although the  who'e money was counted by
one of tbe clerks of the bank, when disbursed, and
the books of the bank, when compelled by a com-
mittee of the House of Representatives to exhibit
them, showed that the deficiency did exist. This
is a specimen of bank morality, and thi-. is one of
the institutions for which the Whigs of this Houíe
claimed the sympathy of its members. I could
state other instances of bank morality, which would
startle even the Whigs, but I will confine myself
to what is of record and easy of proof. I will ask
any honest man if restrictions, by legal enacimen's,
inflicting personal punishment on bank officers,
and giving a true and summary remedy to indivi-
duals against banks, is not absolutely necessary to
prevent such gross tyranny and dishonesty as I
have quoted, and which no man on this floor dare
attempt to deny or even apologize fot?
It is not long since  my colleague  [Mr. Ogle]
anathematized the President of the United States as a
"horrible specimen of aristocracy" because he rode
in a plain carriage with two horses; but we  hear
no complaints from him, or any other of ihe bank
party in this House, of the aristocracy ef the pre-
sident of one of the insolvent banks of this city, who
has his coach and four grey horses, with several
liveried servants   as outriders, driving along the
streets of this city.   He may well afford to have
his coach and four, with servants in livery, when
his bank, of which I am told he is the principal
stockholder, can pay its debts of several hundred
thousand dollars at 59 cents on the dollar.    I do
not know this man, and if half I have heard of him
be true, I hope I never may be his associate.   If,
Mr. Speaker, you or I were allowed to contract
debts to the extent these people have, and pay them
in the same way, we too might  have a coach and
four; but would we have that sympathy which the
sage legislators have expressed here for those in-
solvent banks?   Would we be permitted to pay our
debts at that rate and  yet have property to the
amount of thousands of dollars untouched 1   No
sir, we would not, as individuals, be permitted to
do so; but as corporators and bankers, I have no
doubt but we would be, provided we used the
proper means to enlist the sympathies of members!
We have been told by the member from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Adams]  that we dare not refuse to
extend ihe charters of these banks, for if we do not
extend them we will not receive our pay as mem-
bers.   I had supposed that the Government of the
United States provided the means to pay its officers,
and it is news to me that members are dependent
on banks for their pay.   I have no doubt that sonn
are dependent on them for one kind of pay, in the
shape jf fair business transactions; but not. for their
per diem. I Lave always held that every man has his
price if that price can be ascertained.   I have no
wish to claim exemption from the common frailty
of human nature, but I can assure the gentleman
that if he rates himself at eight dollars per day, that
price will not buy me. I will willingly sacrifice my
pay rather than be the means, by my vote, of en-
couraging such public swindling by an extension
of these bank charters without sufficient provisions
to restrain them from a repetition of their past acts,
or providing means of summarily punishing the
guilty individuals.
If, as the gentleman from Massachusetts says,
the Government did get the money from the banks,
does he wish us to suppose that it was without its
being paid for? Does not every man know that
bankers are all Shylocks? They require not only
"the last pound of flesh nearest the heart," but take
the heart also without mercy. But the Govern-
ment does not get the money to pay the members,
from the banks.
The bank partisan , by misjtepresentations of
this kind, are continually endeavoring to induce a
belief that banks are essential to the well-being of
the Government; but the truth of this matter is,
that so far from the Government being bf nefited
by the banks, the contrary is the fact. The Speaker
of the House of Representatives has been in the
habit of drawing from the Treasury of the United
Siates the whole amount necessary to pay the
members, and depositing in one of the banks, from
which it is drawn as wanted during the session.
The Democratic members of th'.s body have but
yesterday declared their willingness to separate tbe
Government from the banks, and I hope they will
show by their votes, on the bill now before the
House, that they are as ready to protect the indi-
viduals who compose the community, as they are
the Government, from fraud and imposition.   Tbe
contest between the banks and the country  is not
yet   ended.   The Campaign is only fairly com-
menced; and he that thinks differently will find his
mistake if he lives a few years.   The  bankers
wield a power more dangerous to the liberty of the
people than an army of one hundred thousand fo-
reigners would be, and the banks act openly or co-
vertly as may best suit their views, or the subject to
be acted upon.   The first victory in favor  of the
people over the banks—the Independent Treasury
law—is only half won.   Vigilance is the watch-
word, and perseverance the only guarantee of sac-
cess.   I hope the Democrats will be found record 
ing their names on Ihe present question consistently
with their votes yesterday, so as to strengthen  that
measuie.   We will then be  able  to show to the
Slate Legislatures an example wonhy of being fol-
lowed, and will be entitled to receive from our con-
stituents, when we return to them, ihe  cordial and
gratifying welcome of "well done je good and
faithful servants."   The eyes of the American peo-
ple are upon us, anxiously waiting to  see whether
we will retrograde or advance; whether we will
row one way and look another; and whether the
banks and their influences are as formidable and
successful as they always have been in legislative
halls.   Have we not every motive to resist wrong
and to do our duty?
Mr. Speaker, I had intended only to submit my
amendments to the bill, without any remarks, un-
til the friends of the banks showed a disposition to
stifle all inquiry. I have now occupied much
more of the time of the country than I had thought
I would; but the importance of the subject re-
quires it.   I now close.
Mr. P. then submitted the following amend-
ments:
Provided, also, That the president and directors of
each of said banks shall be jointly and severally, in
1 their individual capacity, liable for all notes issued
or debts contracted by said banks respectively,
from and after the day this act goes into effect, to
be recovered as other debts of like amount may at
the time be by law recoverable.
Jlnd be Ü further provided, That the said banks
shall not make any division of profits, or declare
any dividends, during the time said banks shall re-
fuse to pay all their liabilities in specie on demand;
and the president and directors of any of said
banks, who shall make any such division of profits,
or declare any such dividend, or consent to or vote
for the same, shall be liable to p.iy double the
amount of the sum so divided or declared, to be re-
covered of them iu their individual capacity, by any
perbon suing for the same as debts of like amount
are recoverable, one-half of said forfeiture to go
to tbe person suing, and the other half to the cor-
poration where said bank is located.
Be it further enacted, &c. That justices of the
peace within the District of Columbia shall have
jurisdiction in all actions of debt against any of the
banks whose charters are hereby extended, for sums
not exceeding #100, and no appeal, certiorari, or in-
junction, shall be allowed, granted, issued, or di-
rected, by any court within said District, unless an
affidavit be first made and placed in said court by
the president, or one or more of the directors, of
the bank so sued, that such appeal, certiorari, or
injnnction, is not asked for the purpose of delay,
but because he or they believe there is a just de-
fence on the merits, and that injustice is likely to
be done if said appeal, certiorari, or injunction,
should not be granted.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said: it was not necessary
to the purpose he had in view, in the few remarks
he iatended to submit, to classify the House by de-
nominating one portion of it bank men, and
another party enemies of the banks. Nor was it
his purpose to cast imputations upon gentlemen be-
cause they happened to be connected with banks.
It was his pleasure to know some of the gentlemen
who were connected with tbe institutions in ques-
tion, and it was but just to them to say ihat they
were gentlemen for whom he entertained very high
respect. Still, he felt it his duty to say that the bill
under consideration, considering the situation in
which all tits banks of this District now exhibited
