July, IMP.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
65*
26th Cono.... 1st Sess.
District JiawcZ—Mr. Steenrod.
H. of Reps.
themselves, was a very extraordinary one. They
were in a siaie of suspension—of open dt linquency
—of open violation of the law that created ihera;
and while in this condition, they came and asked
for an unqualified extension or renewal of their
charters. It conld not be, that after our doings of
yesterday, we were prepared to vote for this bill,
without any amendment to drive the banks back to
their duty. v\ hat a spectacle would we exhibit to
the nation by  o doing. It was our incumbent duty
to set a better example to the States. The facility
with which the banks of the several States now-a-
days suspended specie payments was, indeed, a
reproach to our country. An honorable merchant,
daring a pecuniary or commercial revulsion,
would often times sacrifice hundreds oí thou-
sands of dollars to maintain his credit and in-
tegrity; but, according to the ethics of hanks, they
suspended specie payments whenever it became a
little inconvenient to maintain them. Indeed, they
seemed to suspend some times for pretty much the
same reason that Betty assigned for skinning her
eels, "because thkt lucid it." It was high time
that we at least should set our lace agamsi the
facility with which the banks assumed this unjust—
this demoralizing position. That portion of the
House that was now coming out for the rechaiter
of these suspended banks, had always told us that
it was the duty of Congress to regulate the cur-
rency of the country—that the friends of the Admi-
nistration were subject to the reproach of permit-
ting an important power, conferred upon ns by the
Constitution, to he dormant. And was this a spe-
cimen of the manner in which they would put this
alleged power into execution? Was this the mode
in which they would "regulate the currency"—re-
charier a batch of banks, that are daily in the op-n
violation of law and duty? They could not pay
their debts, or redeem their bills; but what could
they do—what had they done nnder our very eyes?
Why make dividends of profits while in a s'ate of
suspension—yes, profits made at a time when the
poor market woman, with one of their notes, was
liable to be shaved to the tune of from five to ten
per cent. Were we prepared to legalize such
doings, by voting for an unqualified renewal of
these charters; one that would involve no rebuke
for, but would rather sanction, their past and pre-
sent demerits? If we passed this bill, what a beau-
tiful commentary would a be upon our doings of
yesterday—a day signalized by the passage of that
great measure of reform ! He would never con-
sent to vote for the bill, unless a provision was in-
serted that the banks should resume specie pay-
ments within thirty, or, at farthest, sixty days. As
matter of example and principle, this bill extended
in its operation beyond the ten miles square It
was commensurate with the Union. By parsing it
in its present state, we would proclaim to the
worH, to ihe institutions of the States, the immoral
sentiment that a state of suspension is not a state of
ftlpablt tnd mo$t rrprehensible delinquency.
Alter some remarks by Messrs. BR.IGGS and
WADDY THOMPSON, and JOHNSON of Ma-
ryland, in favor of the bill, and Mr. MARK A.
COOPER in ravor of certain amendments proposed
by himself, compelling specie payments, and pro-
hibiting the issue of notes of less denomination than
$10, $20, and $30, at given periods.
Mr. STEENROD took the floor, and addressed
the House as follows:
Mr. Speaker, I regret that I cannot meet the
earnest request of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Saltonstall] who has just taken his
seat, and give my vole for this bill without disre-
garding my party predilections and party princi-
ples. I understand that the bill under considera-
tion proposes to continue the existence of the in-
corporated banking institutions ot this District un-
til July of the year 1842; I also understand that
those institutions, with a single exception, are all
acknowledged to be in a state of suspension, in
direct violation of their charters; or, in other words,
in open and public insurrection against the laws.
Shall we, then, in view of this condition of things,
confer on these institutions the exclusive right to
issue paper as a measure of value, without impos-
ing on them corresponding obligations to meet their
engagements with the holders of their notes?  Shall
40
we give to them the incorporated privileges to
withdraw from circulation the gold and s¿ív£T10 De
hoarded up in their vaults, and to issue in its steáá,
to this people, their depreciated and irredeemable
paper? These, in fact, are the questions sub-
mitted to our consideration, and these are the
affirmative propositions maintained in this bill.
By whom are such princip'es as these advo-
cated and sustained here? and who are the
friends of the bill now under consideration?
The same members ef this House who have
so often denounced, and the same party which
has deprecated, the great public measure pro-
viding for the safekeeping, transfer, and disbursing
the revenues of the Government, as an innovation
that would furnish two currencies—one for the
Government, and another for the people. But
chartered privileges to such institutions as these, to
withdraw tiom circulation, and to hoard up all the
gold and silver currency and to issue their iire-
deemable and depreciated paper, they can approve
and support. Yes, sir, the banks may use and
hoard up the better currency, and issue the legal-
ized worse currency for the dtople, and these gen-
tlemen can view the act with composure, and com-
placency; but they are convulsed with indignation,
and started with apprehension, at a simple public
measure that proposes to collect and pay out the
revenues of the Government in gold and silver; and
can see, in such a measure as that, one currency
furnished for the Government, and another for the
people. To those gentlemen who would condemn
what they may suppose to be the tendency of a
measure of the Government, and approve a like
measure in the banks, I have nothing to say. But,
sir, what are the arguments advanced here in
support of this bill, and what has been said by
its friends to commend it to our support? We
have been informed by the gentleman from Ma-
ryland [Mr. Johnson] that the adjoining States
(and Virginia and Maryland have been men-
toned) have passed similar acts to this, and,
therefore, we should copy the precepts of this
State legislation, and do likewise. I had supposed,
sir, that it rather became u«, as legislators, to
set an example of wise and good legislation, and
not to follow the bad or imprudent legislation of
particular States. I have never seen an act in the
statute book of Virginia similar to the bill now un-
der consideration. It is true the State of Virginia
has legalized the suspension of the State banks,
but never without at least giving an apparent pro-
tection to the note holders as a remedy for the
abuse of this privilege.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bkigos]
expressed great surprise that any one here should
intimate that these institutions were "swindling
concerns." Sir, I here in my place, before this
House and the country at large, arraign those in-
stitutions and charge this upon them, and invite an
examination of the proofs. I will not here refer to
the conclusive evidence adduced to day by my able
and eloquent young friend from Ohio [Mr. Wkl-
ler] of the frauds of these institutions, but to the
acknowledged facts in their history. The rights of
the people have been abridged to confer on those in-
stitutions high privileges and profitable immunities,
and in return for which, these institutions have as-
sumed responsible trusts, beneficiary functions t 
tbis community. How have they demeaned them-
selves in their offices? Have they discharged, with
fidelity and probity, the duties imposed on them by
virtue of their charters as a consideration for the
exclusive righis granted them? No, sir. They
have closed their doors, and pertinaciously refused
to pay their just debts, while they have, on the
other hand, exacted from the debtor community
uniform reduc. ion or payment of their obligations.
They have assumed to ke*p their paper at its par
value, convertible into gold and silver at the will of
the holder; they have disregarded their public en-
gagements, and have suffered their paper to depre-
ciate, and the loss to fall or the community.
While, as public institutions, created to subserve
the public interest, (and they should have subserved
the public interest by preservingasound currency,)
they have, as brokers and stockjobbers, deranged the
exchanges by their undue exactions and extortions.
With these offences, then, resting on those institu-
ía
tiuns, the gentleman may entertaiu no surprise that
any on" here should "intimate that these banks
were swindling concerns."
But we have been appealed to not apply to our
legislation for the people of this District our rigid
party" princip'es I To this I must an wer, that I
have no two sets of principles, one for my immedi-
ate constituent , and another for what I believe is
intended for the especial benefit of the bankers
here. If, as an American ciiizen, I would ever
disdain to seek or accept of any franchise or pri-
vilege from this or any other legislative body, which
was not to be conferred alike i n all my country-
men, as an American legislator, Í will ever refuse
to confer immunities on one portion of my fellow-
citizens, that are denied to or withheld from others.
We have been told, by the high and distinguished
authority of the gentleman from Suu'h Carolina,
[Mr. Thompson,] that the respective Legislatures
have rciused, yes, that they have been afraid to
carry out the principles of the Republican party on
the subject of the currency; and therefore (I sup-
pose the argument is) that we, too, should refuse,
and prdve ourselves afraid to do so. But, sk, these
are not the tenets of the political school in which I
was educated. One who has imbibed an early re-
verence for the ¿jen ©f the Revolution, and who
entertains great respect for those time-honored ex-
emplars of American principles, would first lather
study the virtue and utility of a public measure,
to know whether it was to promote the good of the
community at large before passing upon it; and if
it was for the public good, then hi not discouraged
by fears, or swerved from his honest purposes, by
the rash and reckless denunciations of others; but
pursue the even tenor of his way until he s^*!' ^it-
ness a consummation of his principles.
Our organic State laws ot distribution in ue_
scents, and the prohibition of entailments and pri-
mogeniture, have been cited as a barrier to the en-
croachments of these corporations. It is true that
these laws were established to fortify our Democra-
tic Government, and to prevent the encroachments
of property on right. But no protection is af-
forded by these laws, if the respective legislativa
bodies will create and multiply a swarm of corpo-
rations for the purpose of amassing and managing
property; "corporations, whose distinguishing at-
tribute is to live forever, and whose legal entity
may for ever remain the same." "Property thus
holden in perpetual succession, cannot come under
the full operation of  ur statute  of dtstrioution."
The privileged corps, which are thus fortified, are
rendered more formidable to equal rights and liber-
ty, than they could be by the English stautes of en-
tails and primogeniture. What protection can
there be to the masses, if valuable immunities are
denied to individuals and confe-red on corporations?
Exclusive privileges and monopoly are as danger-
ous in an incorporated association of persons as in
the person of a nobleman or lord; and the Govern-
ment that would distinguish in favor of one over
the other, by conferring power, but shows its folly
by adding to crime. These organic laws of our
States but demonstrate that these irresponsible pow-
ers are opposed to the genius ot our institutions
and popular freedom; and as such, as Americans,
we should wage against it an earnest war—opea
hostility.
The gentleman from South Carolina also dis-
coursed most eloquently on the banking institutions
of the country, and ascribed to them a magie in-
fluence in forwarding the construction of roads and
improvements generally, in the States. But, sir, if
I were to ask the gentleman what was the imme-
diate agent employed in constructing these im-
provements, the only correct answer that he conld
give would be, that it was not ihe capital nor the
banks, but the labor of the country that was en-
titled to tbis high commendation, for the erection of
those enduring monuments, those magnificent im-
provements. I have heard lab jred efforts here to
justify and excuse the su-pension by these banking
institutions, but all the arguments aie alike incon-
clusive and unsatisfactory to my mind. There is
but one moral code for the government of man,
either in public or private life, or of-parties. A
justification of these institutions isa departure from
hat code,   A bank suspension is a violation of
