APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1840.
«rjmi Cono..-. 1st Sess.
District Banks—>jfr. Welhr.
H. ot Reps.
Public engagements; it is a fraud perpetrated on
Mm community by these corporations; and no legis-
lativa body could be justified in sustaining or le-
galizing it; such t principle couM not be sust .vúe¿l
morally in an individual or a corporation.   Public
faith, poWic justice, and national honor, forbid it.
Sir, I look upon this as but a struggle between
the noteholders and the note makers—between the
bankers and the people; one laboring for privileges
awl monopoly, and the other for equal rights; one
for honest and just legislation, and the other for
partial and unjut-t government.   These are the an-
tagonist and opposing principles involved  in this
question—principles that concern every man in the
country.    The bill under consideration not only
proposes to legalise the actions of these suspended
banks, «td their consequent frauds on the psblic,
but to confer extraordinary privilege and the right
of monopoly on these associations of bankers. Yes,
sir, we are about to be most partial and extremely
indulgent to  these delinquent bankers; indulgent,
tb4t they may not be compelled to toil and labor
—that the elements may not visit them too roughly
—that they may loiter on their walks of pleasure,
and loll in their mansions of royal splendor.   You
authorize tbem to issue their false measure of va-
laé, and to be targatberers, to feed on the substance
of the body politic, while the honest laborer, who,
ia the heat of summer and the blasts of winter, ex-
posed to all the vicissitudes of the seasons and the
times, is left to toil for his daily maintenance. Yes;
on the poor laborer yon impose the tax of this de
predated and irredeemable paper, and a great pro-
portion of the !os  in consequence of its frequent
and periodital failure.   You virtually say to him,
"we* impose on you, by our laws, a paper curren-
cy, as an exclusive measure of value, but yon shall
■o*. circulate your notes at its trade value: the Go-
*/emmeut wiHnot authorize or permit your paper
as a carrency, for that privilege or monopoly is ex-
clusively confined to and conferred on these bank-
em."   This is counter to that Democratic principle
which ever seeks to protect the weak, to elevate
the depressed, and to secure to all just and equal
rights. Where, then, do the members of this House
get their authority for this partial legislation?   Are
w  not returned here as the representatives of all
*e great interests of  the country—as well the
rights and interests Of the laborer, as the rights and
interests of the capitalist—to protect the one from
the natural and instinctive encroachments of the
other, fend to secure the other in its proper and ap-
propriate possessions?   Wby, then, should one of
these great interests of the country elicit so much
of our sympathy, and engage so much of our favor
«ad partiality?   Do I hear the whisper—that the
pnbliegood requires it?   I deny it.   The history of
thecontrtry—its periodical embarrassments—admo-
irshus rather te reduce than to increase the numberof
the bantam; institutions. The depressed condition of
business, the unexampled and precarious condition
of"tabor, and the agonizing shrieks of the thought-
less intoxicated trader and speculator, with which
oar ears in this hall are so frequently assailed, have
«If been traced to the expansion and contraction of
the paper machinery of the banks.    We must,
then, commence to retrace our steps, and to restore
the country and its business to a sound and healthy
condition.   Te enable us to do that, we must not
credit the prediction that great distress will be con-
sequently produced in this community if those in-
stitutions are ordered to wind up their affairs.   No
proposition is more clear and conclusive in political
economy than that nothing is add«d to the actual
capital of a country by instituting banks, o. the is-
suing of paper money.   But the credit system, we
win be told, can only be sustained by banks that
ha*e the authority to issue paper as a c.rculation,
arid their nrefent chartered immunities.   This, 1
believe, is likewise untrue and fallaoious—a sound
and «ell regalMed system of credit can be pre-
served in the coawtry without these extraordinary
chartered privileges being  conferred  on  banks.
The instincts of capital always seek employment.
If it is to be found of tener under the seal of the
act of incorporation of a bank, it is because it is its
present fastness—its stronghold.    Withhold these
acts ef incorporation which confer exclusive privi-
leges qr the capitalists here, and the natural laws
which gove;„ capital must still prevail; and it can-
no1, therefore, remain unemployed—it will still go
into the market and seek to pass into the hands of
labor; and though under this direction the profits
of capital may not be so great, its acts and influ-
ence so powerful, still its advantage to the public
will not be impaired by the absence of its incorpo-
rated privileges and monopoly:
Sir, I am nauseated with this daily nostrum, that
the credit system of this country is confined to your
bank parlors, and in the exclusive keeping of your
bankers, who, to preserve it, must be endowed
with incorporated privileges and monopoly. The
history of my own State might be adduced as a
memorable example to contradict this position.
Prom the adoption of the Federal Constitution in
1788 to 1804, banks were unknown in our State
legislation. What people were more pure than
this people at that period? When was our com-
merce greater? Or what portion of the worjd was
more prosperous than the Old Dominion at that
time? That was the period in our history when
honesty and industry were esteemed virtues, ne-
cessary to constitute the respectable man and citi-
zen. Every farmer's desk in Virginia, at this
period, was adorned with some gold and silver,
and never had we less inconvenience and cost in
transporting money from point to point This,
then, was done by our traders and merchants be-
fore we had learned the magic of creating corpora-
tions with monopolizing privileges. The mer-
chants were then honest and accommodating,
and their credit was better than your banks.
Bank suspensions and explosions, and bank
irresponsibility, have impaired public confidence
in this modern system of credit. The sys-
tem that will promise to pay to-day, and be
authorized with impunity to refuse payment by to-
morrow, may be approved by the swindler, but
not by the honest man. If the Commonwealth of
Yirgmia, then, at this period, could prosper without
the aid of banking insiitutions, it might be supposed
that this District of ten miles square c >uld do
likewise. Where are the ensuring monuments and
boasted testimonials of the utility of your system
here? Will I be pointed to the superb cities and
magnificent improvements that adorn this ten
miles square? These are but the evidence of the
profligacy of this Government, and of the munifi-
cence of the legislators for this orphan territory.
Where are your chambers of commerce, with their
evidence of enterprise—the rich garnerings of the
%product of labor and trade? Where are the streets
crowded with enterprising merchants and trades-
men, and where the busy hum of industry in the
workshops and manufactories? Or where are the
fields which have been made to blossom under the
toil of the husbandman, as an evidence of the goo i
effects of the modern credit system on this District?
You may look here in vain for testimony of this
kind, as an argument why these institutions should
be recbartered. But, on the other hand, look at the
poor country around this city, that seems never to
have had employed upon it the renovating hand of
industry. This may be a portion of the fruits of
that paper system, of bank facilities and credit,
which is so prolific of evil; a system, the effect of
which is to lead men to believe they can live with-
out industry and labor.
Mr; HOLMES of South Carolina then delivered
an animated appeal against the ruinous conse-
quences which must instantly follow to this Dis-
trict, should the bill be rejected. He avowed him-
self the friend of credit, and said he had voted for
the Independent Treasury bill not to destroy, but to
give it stability.
Mr. RYALL of New Jersey made a short
speech in most decided opposition to the bill; but
if it must pass, he was for Mr. Petri kin's amend-
ment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD spoke for the bill, urging
the distress which must ensue should it fail.
Mr. U. in the close, moved the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. PETRIKIN moved to lay the motion on
the table.
Mr. UNDERWOOD withdrew the call for the
previous question, on condition that Mr. Weller
0f Ohio, who obtained the floor, should renew it.
Mr. WELLER then took the floor, and addressed
the House as follows:
Mr. Speaker, I cannot consent to give a silent
vo e on the impoitant question now presented to the
consideration of the House. I would be doing injus-
tice to my own feelings, and to the generous warm-
hearted friends at home who have honored me with
a place in this hall, were I to sit quietly in my seat
and suffer a bill, involving principles of such deep
and vital importance to our free Government, to
become a law. I trust I shall obtain the attention
of gentlemen while I present my objections to this
bill, although I have but little hope that any thing
I can say will induce members to record their votes
against it. It comes to us endorsed by the Senate,
anJ, judging from past legislation, I have no doubt
it will pass this House before tomorrow's son shall
have set. I desire, however, to give it an especial
kick, by way of showing my disapprobation of it,
and the principles upon which it is supported.
Permit me to say, that I regret that the friends of
this measure did not present it at an earlier period
in the session. We have now been here seven
months, and when we are within three weeks of an
adjournment, a bill is presented for the extension
of the chatters of the banks of this District, and
an effort made, by the application of the previous
question, to push it through this House, without
allowing members an opportunity of examining its
merits and demerits, or inquiring into their actual
condition. It is true, we have a short and imper-
fect report made out by the officers of these banks,
exhibiting partially the condition of these institutions,
but I venture the affirmation that not a dozen mem-
bers of this House have looked into that document.
Besides, I would much prefer a report made by a
committee of this Hou'e. I would have more con-
fidence in their statements than in the exhibit of
bank officers.
The bill now under consideration proposes to ex-
tend the chartersof six banks in this District for two
years. It proposes to continue their corporate exist-
ence fc r two years,f rom the 4th of July,instant. Some
of these banks have been in existence f r more than
thirty years. The original charters are to be found
in the book I now hold in my hand; and I ask gen-
men, before they vote for the act now beiere the
House, to examine these charters, and see the
almost unlimited powers conferred by them. Let
gentlemen look into them, and tell me whether they
would be willing this day to incorporate banks,
with such tremendous powers; and if they would be
unwilling to do this, then I ask, how can they vote
to extend them? The act now before us will con-
fer on them all the powers and privileges conferred
in the original charter.
But, sir, I am told that this act is simply designed
to enable the banks to wind up their affairs, and
settle up their concerns! This is not the first time
this plea has been made. On the 4th May, 1820,
an act was passed by Congress, extending the char-
ters of the banks in the District " then paying spe-
cie, and during such times only as said banks
should continue to pay specie," to the 1st June,
1822. This act may be found m vol. 8, Laws of
the United States, page 53. On the 2d March,
1821, an act passed, extending the charters of these
banks to the 3d March, 1836, (see vol 8, United
States Laws, page 19 ) It was then pretended, as
now, that it was necessary to do this, in order to
enable the bank* to wind up But, sir, you find
them in 1836, when their charters again expired,
asking a further extension for the same purpose;
and an act was accordingly passed, oh the 2d July
of that year, extending their charters to the 4th
July, 1838. S?e Laws of the United States, vol.
9, page 447. Well, sir, did the expiration of this act
find their affairs settled up ? Did they proceed to
wind up their business in accordance with the un-
derstanding of the time? No; but they again,
whilst under suspension, come in, and ask for an-
other renewal—a little more time to settle up! On
the 31st May, 1838, an act passed renewing their
charters to the 4th July, 1840, upon three condi-
tions, two of which I ask leave to rrad:
"Second. To redeem all their notes of the deno-
mination of (5 in gold and silver, from and after
the 1st day of August, in the present year.
"Third. To resume specie payments in full^on
