July, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6£T
26th Cong.......1st Skss.
District Banks—Mr. Wdltt.
H. of Reps.
or before the first day of January, in the year 1839,
or sooner if ihe priacipal banks of Baltimore and
Richmond shall sooner resume specie payments in
foil." See Laws of United States, vol. 9, page 765.
Nov, sir, the 4th of July, 1840, being the period at
which this act «pires, u near at hand, and they
an again at onr door, asking for two years more!
It becomes us, then, to inquire, whether they have
complied with the requisitions of the law to which
I have just adverted.   Hie obligation to pay specie
for their note:? was a condition precedent, and the
banks were bound to perform it, before they could
exercise any of the privileges conferred by the aot.
The very moment they refused to comply with that
condition, that very moment their corporate exist-
ence ceased, and they could no longer legitimately
exercue the power of banking.   This position, it
seems to me, is so palpable andpiain that it needs
no argument to establish it   Well, sir, have they
performed this condition?    Have they observed
the restrictions and limitations imposed en them by
this act?   The fact is stated in the report of the Se-
cretary of the Treasury, and is notoneus, that they
have suspended specie payments, and are refusing
to redeem their note ! For more than eight months
past have they been standing out in open viola-
tion of Ihe Jaw, and yet they have the effrontery,
the unblushing impudence, to present themselves
before   Congress,   and    ask   for   an   extension
of their   charters to  the  4 th July, 1842!   Such
a darine  outrage  upon  decency   and   propriety
should   not   be   tolerated.   They  have   suffered
their  notes   to   depreciate   at   their   own doors
from six to   twelve ptr cent, and yet   we  are
told that their charters must be renewed !   They
have, it is true, set at defiance Ihe positive enact-
ments of Congress, laughed at the restrictions im-
posed on   them; and   yet   we are to  endure and
countenance all this, and submit to another exten-
sion!   Sir, I care not what course other members
may pursue, but I cannc, as a Representative of
the people, give   my sanction to such an act.   I
would be recreant to the trust confided to me, as
on* of the watchmen on the tower of liberty, were
I not to sound the alarm, and warn my country-
men against the strides these incorporations are
making towards swallowing up the legislative pow-
er of this country.
But, sir, I have said that we have no report en-
anting us to understand the precise condition of
these institutions, which we are now called upon to
incorporate. I have, however now before me a
report made to the Honse in 1836, by a committee,
to which I call the especial attention of members.
We may judge of their present conduct, from what
has taken place heretofore. My friend from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Petbikin,] who made a few re-
marks against this act, was charged with intimating
that these banks had been dishonestly managed.
Sir, if he had so alleged, he would have been sus-
tained by the record now before me. I ask the
friends of this swindling system to examine this
document, and see the heavy loss sustained by the
citi ens of this District, by the failure of these in-
sulations, before they record their votes.
In order that gentlemen may see that I am not
sneaking without the book, I ask leave to read the
following extract from the report before a'luded to:
"In 1821, there were in the District of Columbia
eleven banks, the capital of which amounted to
$5,214,641; of these, four, whose capitals amounted
to $1,994,694, have since failed. At different
periods, at the time of their failure, they had of
notes in circulation, private and public deposite*,
the aggregate sum of $741,037. The committee
have not had time to ascertain precisely what pro-
portion of these stocks was ever in fact paid in ori-
ginally; neither do they know exactly what part of
these deposites and circulation, if any, have been
or will be paid or redeemed; but from the price at
which the obligations of these institutions have been
sold in the market, it is not unreasonable to con-
clude that the United States, (the deposites of
which alone in these banks exceeded $450,000,)
and the people of the District, have lost in capital,
circulation, and deposites, a sum exceeding one
million seven hundred thousand dollars!
"The other seven banks, chartered in 1821, (all
of which are now petitioning for a rechartcr,) had
originally capital, amounting together to $3,279,-
629, of which they have severally purchased up to
t le amount of $1,258,887, and have now in pledge
stock for debts to the amount of $205,488 70, which
leaves actual capital paid in $1,815,252 30, being
$1,464,376 70, less than the amount with which
these mstiiutious commenced operations.
"Here again the committee must say, that they
have not had time to ascertain precisely the sum for
which each share of this stock has been purchased
by the several banks. That would be a work of
soné labor, and without it an opportunity is not
offered to decide how large or how small is the
amount of the speculation which has been made by
those who hold the residue of the stock of these
banks. But it may be safely assumed, that when a
large proportion of the capital stock of a bank has
been purchased in by the institution, there has been
gross mismanagement oí its affairs. It is impru-
dent for a bank, having notes in circulation, to own
or loan largely on pledges of its own stock, and it
is indubitable that large amounts of the stock of a
bank, skilfully conducted, would not be so far be-
low par, that no purchaser could be found for it,
when pledged to secure the payment of a loan at
six per cent, but the bank itself.
"From the testimony of a respectable broker, to
be found in the appendix, it appears that the stocks
of two of these banks have sold as low as fifty per
cent, below par.
"It would be a work of interminable labor to at-
tempt to ascertain what sum has been lost to the
community by the depreciation of the notes and
obligations, other than stock certificates, of the se-
ven banks now under consideration; or rather, it
should be said of three out of those seven, for the
committee do not know that the notes of the Bank
of Metropolis, the Union Bank of Georgetown,
the Bank of Potomac, or the Farmers' Bank of
Alexandria, have ever been below par. Neither
will the committee undertake to estimate the lo<s
to the public sustained by the depreciation of the
obligations of the Bank of Washington, the Patri-
otic Bank of Washington, or of the Farmers' and
Mechanics' Bank of Georgetown, occasioned
chiefly by their suspension of specie pay-
ments in 1834; neither will they now ex-
press an opinion as to the justice or pro-
priety of that measure. There is, in the appendix,
much evidence to enable the House to decide in-
telligently on those matters; but they can and will
advert to portions of that evidence, in support of
proof already given, to show that the people of this
District have been grievously injured by the man-
ner in which these banks have been managed; and
that it is the solemn duty of Congress to deliberate
calmly, and endeavor to provide some guards
against a recurrence of those mischiefs, regardless
of the clamorous demands of those interested in
the existing banking establishments, many of
whom, too, have profited largely by their abuses.
"There were four banks in the District which
suspended specie payments in 1834; one of them
(the Bank of Alexandria) has not applied for a re-
charter, and, consequently, no means have been
taken to ascertain the extent of the depreciation of
its various obligations in the hands of the holders.
At the time of failure, its capital was $500,000; of
which $115,565 had been taken by the bank in
payment of debts. Its notes in circulation, its pub-
lic and private deposite?, amounted to $152,167.
As this bank has not yet settled with the holders of
its obligations, it cannot be said, with certainty,
how much of this amount of property has been lost
to the public; but we feel warranted in estimating
that at least sixty per cent, of it («ay $350,000)
may be added to the large sums heretofore named,
which have been taken from the profits of labor,
and been absorbed by adventurers and speculators
in currency and stocks. What amount of the
stock or paper, of the other three banks
which suspended specie payments, changed
hands at a discount, cannot he stated fully.
It appears, from the testimony of several wit-
nesses who have been examined, and whose tes-
timony is appended to this report, that large
amounts of the stock and notes of these three
banks, changed hands, at a discount at from fifteen,,
to sixty per cent.   And the committee regret to
diseover that several of the directors of these insti-
tutions, some of whom had, by their own acts, de-
preciated iheir obligations, entered the market, and
purchased freely the stock and notes of the banks
of which they were directors, at a discount, and
then paid the paper, thus obtained, into the bank
at par, in discharge of the debts due from them
thereto. The extent of these and other specula-
tions in the currency, of the four banks, may be
measurably estimated from the fact that they had
in circulation and in deposites, at the lime of sus-
pension, $696,471; more than one-half of which
obligations, together with these stocks, probably
changed hands in sixty days after the suspension,
at an average of thirty per cent, discount to the
original hold r. A considerable porportion of the
profits of which operations, it appears, were made
by the directors of these institutions, whose specu-
lations are certainly reprehensible, as they weie
largely indebted to the several banks committed to
their care, at the time of their respective failure*,
and had it in their power, by paying in current
funds, their own notes, to have postponed, and, in
all probability, to have prevented entirely those
disastrous speculations, by which they profited so
much, while the community suffered so seriously."
From this report it will be seen that nearly a mil-
lion and a half of dollars have been taken from
the profits of the labor of the industrious mechanic
of this District, and absorbed by these bank officers
and swindling speculator . Has the power of the
Federal Government become so weak, that it can-
not protect the people of this District from thete
outrages? Have these institutions become so pow-
erful, that they can no longer be controlled by le-
gislation? If so, the days of our glory are num-
bered, and a moneyed aristocracy will soon be
established upon the ruins of our Republican insti-
tutions; and this, the most glorious nation that ever
existed, will be numbered with the things that
"were, but are not."
That the House may fully understand the man-
ner in which the officers of these institutions specu-
lated in their own paper, I ask leave to read a small
portion of the evidence taken under oath before
that Committee:
First, I give you the evidence of William Jewell,
a director of the Farmers' and Mechanics' Bank of
Georgetown:
"The Bank failed during my absence in,Balti-
more. After my return, I told Mr. W. W. Cor-
coran that I wished to exchange property I had for -
stock of the bank, if he should hear of any that
was for sale. In a few. days he told, me that a
widow lady had stock, worth, at par value, $15,000,
for which we gave her houses and lots assessed at
about $8,000. I purchased, also, of another per-
son, $225 worth of stock, at fifty dollars «on the.,
hundred. Daring the last winter, I purchased
$3,700 worth of stock, at fifty-six dollars per hun-
dred."
Next in order, I present. the evidence of John
Pickerell, a director of the same bank:
' 1 sold, to a lady in Georgetown, a house and
lot, and took, inpait payment, $2,900 worth of.
stock, at seventy-five cents on the dollar. I also
exchanged property in Washington city, which had;
cost me less than $1,200, foi $1,800 worth of stock.
A few weeks ago, I purchased of a broker $3,750,
for fifty-six dollars on the hundred."
One more extract, and I have done with this re-
port. It is the tesmony of William Prout, a broker,
of Washington city.                                              ,
"I bought stock of the Washington Bank at fifty
cents on the dollar, and Patriotic at seventy-five
cents on the dollar. I bought paper of the Bank
of -Washington, and Farmers' and Mechanics'
Bank of Georgetown, at sixty-five cents on the
dollar, and the Patriotic at sixty-five cents to the
dollar. I purchased notes to an amount exceed;-.,
ing $80,000.      **** *
"I made frequent sales,to the directors of the
bank , at a small prefit, Some was sold, I recojr
led, to E. Ingle, a director of the Patriotic Bank;
te Edward Simunes, a director of the, Bank„of.,
Washington; to William A. Bradley, president^.
the. Patriotic Bank* to Jonathan Prout and a J.
Todd, directors iu the Bank of Washington; and R*
Simmes, a director of tb)e Farmers'and Mechanics'
