July, 1840._____________
26th Cons.•••1st Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
629
District Banks—Mr. Vanderpoel
H. of Reps.
ence; that they exhibited a demoralizing aptitude
to rush into a state of suspens on whenever it did
not suit their convenience to pay their debts; and
that Congress was bound to set an example in op-
position to this spirit ]
Mr. Dawson resumed. It was then the moral
tendencies  of the conduct of the banks that induced
the very honorable and conscientious gentleman to
oppose them. [A laugh.] Well, sir, the gentle-
man votes to wind op the affairs of all the District
banks, because their suspension had an immoral
tendency. Has the Patriotic Bank suspended.
Does it not now redeem its bills on presentation? And?
does not the bill before you put this bank on the
same footing with all the rest? Is it the immorality
of paying its notes for which this bank is to be de-
stroyed?   No, sir; no.
This was not the gentleman's ground. He was
for having us set an example here by winding up
all baaks, and leaving the people of the District to
a hard money circulation. It is due to the country
—due to candor and magnanimity, to develope the
true issue, and not by unworthy subterfuges to at-
tempt to conceal it. I hmve said this is an impor-
tant, an all-important question; and "now is the
time, and now is the hour" to discuss and settle it;
to form the great issue before the country; and to let
the people of this land know that there is a party in
Congress who are determined to roll the wheel of
ruthless ex'*rm nation over all State banks, and
thus t  prostrate with them the rights of the Slates.
Gentlemen may think to deceive the people; but let
me tell them the people are wide awake, notwith-
standing all the poppies that have been flung over
their eyes. I am ready now to meet the question.
I stand on the old Coaservative ground; I go for
preserving the i&s'itutions of the country, and the
rights of the individuals connected with them. I
am against des'roying the relations of creditor and
debtor. I will net vote to depreciate the value of
property—to raise the value of money, and thereby
to empower the creditor to bring all the properly of
the debtor under the hammer. That will be the
operation of tbe bill. That is the question on one
or theoiher side of which we ate bow to range our-
selves. Will you, by voting for this bill, appreci-
ate money one hundred per cent, and depreciate all
property fitty per cent.? Will you throw the proper-
ty of this District into the hands of the moneyed men,
and thus make the rich richer, and tne poor poor-
er? You know well that I am not one ol those who
love to dwell on the invidious distinction between
rich and poor; and though I make no hypocritical
pretensions of sympathy, when it thus comes to ac-
tion, I am not willing to destroy that kind of indul-
gence extended by the banks.to the peop'e in this Dis-
trict, and thereby force their property into market.
Por who, I a*k, are to be the beneficiaries from this
splendid act of reform? I answer, the stockholders
of these banks and public officers. The banks of
this District hive two millions and a half of dol-
lars due to them from, the citizens, whose notes
they have discaunted; the amount of their paper
circulation is about $650,000; the specie capital in
tarir vaults is about $420,000; bow taking these
$420,000 from' the $650,000, and it leaves about
$200,000 to pay, while ihey have two millions and
a half to r'ceive. Under these circumstances,
what do you do? You, friends of the people—you,
who are no more Democrats at heart than I am, yet
tell tie dear people so much more aoout your De-
mocracy—what, 1 ask, do you do?
At one blow you cut off the five heads of these
District banks, and throw them bleeding into this
ten miles 5quare; and you tell ihem, now d>e, clos 
up your earthly oncerns, for >ou may live no
longer. Well, what is the resuii? Th*y must sue
their debtors, and biinz their property to the ham-
mer. And who will buy it? Tne office holders Bret,
and then the stockholder*; and where is ihe poor
debtoi? Borne dowr.—crushed—brought wuh his
family to rum and desolation; and brouaht by
whom? By this House—by you, who call yrursdvf s
the people's friends. For the sake of your politi-
cal experiment of brinsin? a "hard money curren-
cy" into this devoted District, you stand by with
stony hearts, and look upon the ruin of the*e de-
fenceless people as if it were a spectacle exhibited
at a theatre.   You throw all the property of the
poorer and middling clas.s of people into the bands
ol rich landlord* and money holders.   Houses, the
fruit of hard earnings and longsaving—houses that
cost the owner $10,000, will go,  before his eyes,
under the hammer of the auctioneer, for $1,500 or
$1,000; all to carry out your beautiful scheme of
"reform" and a  "hard  money currency!"   You
talk about "indulgence"  to tbe banks.   Is it not
asiazing that gentlemen will talk about bank direc-
tors as proud aristocrats, rag barons, rolling in
splendor and luxury, when it is a well known fact
u at the banks have newer averaged a profit over
seven per cent ?   Why the "great monster" itself
never realized to the stockholders over six per cent,
on their money.   Yet with language like this in their
mouths, gentlemen will pass this bill, driving every
money borrower to the usurer or shaving shop, to
save him from a jail.    There is the sheriff levying
on all he has in the world, and there stands his
poor wife wringing her  hands and  clasping her
weeping babes to her bosom, while her husband in
an agony is offering twenty-five per cent, for mo-
ney to the usurer or shaver to postpone the hour of
their final ruin.   How are these money lenders to
be benefited?     Not by granting the banks a char-
ter: no: if you want to  encourage and fa ten usu-
rers and shavers, and make bank directors, already
rich, still richer, cut off all banks at a blow, annul
their charters, and compel them to enforce their de-
mands on  the community.      While millions are
due the banks, they have only to take off enough
to redeem their circulation, and  they  pocket the
balance.    This is set us as an example; and I say,
if you can only carry out your plan—if you can
but go through the  States and induce their Legis-
laturas to do as you are doing, I say that, barring
"stop laws" and "relief laws," no property in the
whole country will be equal to bank stock, and no
people be made so rich as usurers   and  shavers.
The effect of your reform is  to deprec ate a 1 pro-
perty, to make the stockholder plaintiff, and the
borrower defendant.
I have a letter from my own State, from which I
learn that, when a certain plaintiff who had reco-
vered a judgment ordered the sheriff to levy on the
defendant's property and compel him to pay in
specie, the indignation of the neighborhood was
aroused to such a degree that they went to the she-
riff and asked him to stop sale, and then to the
plaintiff in a state of such excitement that tbey
could scarce be restrained from violence, remon-
strating against such oppression and revolting cru-
elty. Yet we are now called upon to do this very
thing, and to do it in the name of the General Go-
vernment, that it may be held up as an example to
the Slate Governments. Well, sir, let the example
be carried out; let those who are for compelling the
defenceless people of this District to use no-
thing but hard money, go into their own States and
get their State Legislatures to collect the laxes in
hard coin, and to pay for all their works of internal
improvement in the same hard currency. Try it
there, and how long do you think your Govern-
ment will exist? Will you not have a revolution
as surely as you make the trial? Then I say ihat
we have been here fighting these two days past in
ambuscade, neither side has come up boldly to the
issue. I call upon you to come from the bushes
and show your faces. Do to the people of this Dis-
trict as you are willing to do to the people of your
own State. I call upon you Virginians, and you
Representatives from Maryland, to treat tbe people
of the District of Columbia as you are prepared to
treat the ctizens of Virginia and Maryland. Then
your people will know what it is you mean, and
what they have to expect. Yet, while you are
voting here to destroy these banks because they
have suspended specie payment, (though one of
them has not,) you will vote, at home, to recharter
your own suspended banks and to legalize their
suspension. Is this giving to the people of the
District equal rights? Your conscience says No!
These people consider themselves, and justly so
consider themselves, as trampled on. Ought we
not to do something to alleviate their distresses?
All they ask of you is to do to them as the State
Legislatures do to the people of the States. All
they demand is, that you will treat them as Ameri-
can citizens.   Do this, and it is all we ask,
ti
The proposition of the honorable gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Thomas] with th  amendment of
the honorable gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Un-
derwood,] wi!, do this. Indulge them at least for
two years. Who, I ask, should best understand
the affairs of this District and the necessities and
wishes of its inhabitants? Is it not the gentlemen
whose local Mtuaiion brings them nearest to the
District? And who are these? Are they not the
gentlemen f¡om Maryland? And now what do we
see? Who feels the most anxiety for their relief
The two gentlemen from Maryland, [Messrs. Join-
sun and Jenifer ] These gentleman are not will-
ing that Congress shall set its heel upon this Dis-
trict and grind its citizens to powder. They are
not willing that you should treat them as rats in a
receiver—mere subjects of experiment. This Dis-
trict, ceded to your Government, and confided to
its parental care, is not a garden plat in which to
try new-fangled experiments. Its inhabitants are
American .—American citizens; and they are not
to be practised on in this way. If you want to try
your new schemes, take a wider field. Let the
zealou* gentleman gentleman from New York [Mr.
Vanderpoel] go to the great Empire State, and
there let him proclaim his hard-money doctrines.
If, indeed, I have mistaken his real views—if he is
not in favor of prostrating banks and introducing a
metallic currency—I shall rejoice from the bottom
of my heart. It will cause me the liveliest joy to
hail him as a conservative, and join him in an effort
to save the country.
1 now move you that this whole subject be re-
ferred to a select committee, with instructions to
report a bill to this House to-morrow at 11 o'clock.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said that the gentleman,
from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] had, unintentionally,
no doubt, made a false issue. He could not con-
ceive how he could have so far misunderstood the
observations he (Mr. V.) made yesterday. He
knew that the gentleman would not designedly mis-
represent him. He would not, and could not,
imagine that he had imputed to him (Mr. V.) sen-
timents which he never uttered, to furnish himself
with a pretext for exhibiting himself to us in that
irredeemable character in which he had just pre-
sented himself. Mr. V. ceuld reciprocate the ex-
pressions of surprise in which the gentleman had
indulged, and say that he was astonished, yes, as-
tounded, at the fact that he would become the advo-
cate of institutions whose motto seemed to be,
" Irredeemable, irredeemable: to the last."
And in support of what he (Mr. V.) did say, he
was willing to accept the challenge of the gentle-
man, and go with him before the people of the
"Empire State," and there plead before the labor-
ing men and farmers of that great Commonwealth.
He would there argue with him the bold ana
naked question, whether it was right, whether it
was moral, to recharter a number of banks who
refused to pay their debts; who were constantly
¡«suing irredeemable paper, with a full knowledge
that the laboring man and the market woman who
happened to come possessed of it, must, in order to
raise actual money upon it, be subjected to a loss of
from five to ten per cent. He knew the moral
sense, the sense ot right, of the proud and pros-
perous people of that great State. They would
never again, for a moment, tolerate in their banks
this irredeemable, this profligate position, in which
the institutions of this District now presented them-
selves. The prevailing ethics of New York would
save her people from the loss—her character from
the degradation inseparable from a gross and dar-
ing violation of law and duty on the part of all
her moneyed institutions, and it was this fact, this
conviction, that the Legislature would never again
wink at such demoralizing delinquency, that bad,
parhaps, as much as any other cause, induced the
banks of New York to hold on to their duty, aud
to ej hibit to the world the comparatively proud
spectacle they now presented. No, sir, no. Pub-
lic opinion there would not tolerate another suspen-
sion. The bank, then, that shall dare to suspend
again, will, at once, be consigned, by public opi-
nion, to where such an act will prove her legiti-
mately to belong. I mean, to the vortex of irre-
trievable bankruptcy. They neverdiddo—the Legis-
lature of New York would never dare to do, what,
