m.                   ____________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                           July, I84é.
'6t  Coico... 1st Skss
ih* Bank Whigs here were so ready to do—rechar-
u   a whole batch of banks while in a Uate of Mis-
pension.   The most it did when the banks of New
York suspended specie payments in 1837, was, for
the term of on* yaar enlv, to s<tve the n from pro-
ceedings of the Attorney General to enforce a for-
feitore of their charters, at the erpiratinn of which
they ware obliged to resume.   They did not ask
tor farther grace; nor weuld it have been granted,
had it been asked for.   This the bank  knew full
well.   No man who then lived in New York could
have mistaken the public pulse opon this subject. It
was oa the sid<- of duty—on the side of morality—
on the side of fidelity to moral and solemn engage- i
ments; not on the side where we have found the '
ikbxdkymablk Whigs ofthis House.   He hoped ;
ever to ^ee m his native State too high a tone of ¡
morals, to regard with an indulgent e)e that posi- |
lion of delinquency—of open violation, on the part i
of the banks, of the very laws that created them—
which the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Dawson]
seemed to regard as quite venial, if not praisewor-   ¡
thy. If the time should ever come when such indul-
gence shall be too easily cherished, and too freely
accorded, then he would be prepared to believe that
the days of her honor, her good faith, aid, with
it, her boasted prosperity, had departed.
But the gentleman insists, that in the remarks
he (Mr. V.) made yesterday, he made a decided de-   j
monstation in tavor of an exclusive hard money   ,
cnrrency, bjr^ay of carrying out the Sub-Treasu-
ry phut.   Sir, either his (Mr. Vs) mode of ex- '
pressing himself mnst be very unfortunate and
confused, or the gentleman's powers of comprehen- >
•toa are very mnch at fault; for he sorely meant to i >
make ne* demonstration in favor of an exclusive j 1
mud money currency.   What he said  was, that | >
the banks had made a solemn compact with the
Government, and,  through it, with the people,
that, ia consideration of special and very valuable
powers granted them, they had had solemnly agreed
to redeem all tneir liabilities in gold and silver;
mat this was one of the very conditions of their
charters, the violation of which rendered their char-
ters void; mat while m a state of open and unblush-
ing violation of this vital condition of the law of
their creation, they came to us and asked ns for
an extension of thf ir corporate existence, without J
oar even hinting at the delinquent and unjust po- i
stnoo they occupied; and that there was found in i
this Honse a stone party, ready and willing to re-
gard this non-payment of their liabilities a mere
peccadillo, that did not merit Our censure, or even
■>nr attention, when they called upon as to grant
men an additional boon!   This is the length and
breadth of what be said, and meant to say, on that
occasion.   Yes, be freely accepted the challenge of
the tenüeman from Georgia, and would tell him
that be was willing to go before the hard-banded
and true-hearted laborers of his native State, and
say to them, " Thete are ihe banks that we refuse
to rrebarter, without, at least, inserting in  the
act to recharter them, some provision  that shall
drrve them  back to their duty.     We  cannot,
as your   faithful  representatives,  pass,   in   ap-
proving  silence,   over  such delinquency.     We
cannot see their poor bill holders constantly shaved
from tve-to ten per cent, without marking wuh onr
disapprobation the state of things which conduces
to such losses.'"   This, sir, would be the tone and
language be would assume before the high minded
people of New York; and he was very sure he
would receive from mem an approving response.
They would not, for such sentiments, be quite as
ready, as is the gentleman from Georgia, fur utter-
ing such sent ments and assuming such a position,
to suspect him of too strong hard money predilec-
tions.
Bat be would go a step farther towards showing
that be had not assomed a cruel and on'eeltng po-
sition towards these banks, by refusing to grant
them an unqualified recharter while in a state of
•nspension. Not only had they been fortunate
•aongb to erase, bat they had been impudent
—■yea, impudent enough to declare dividends of
profits while in a state of suspension! Th is surely
deterred the reprobation of every just and high
minded man. Dividends of profits n ade when
every one of their bill holders was losing from
District Banks—Mr.  Vanderpoel.
five to ten per cent' How much more noble, h*w
much more laudable to have foregone a little pro-
fit, and thereby enabled themselves to adhere to
their duty—to the redemption of their paper. But
no, it had come to this, at least, in a large section
of our country: if there was smooth sailing—if it
was perfectly convenient for the banks to adhere to
nie payments—they would redeem their bills; but
became necessary to submit to a little loss, or
forego a considerable amount of profit, to enable
them to cwunne in the line of their duty, why,
then, they very quietly and unceremoniously glided |
into the *mooth and tlacid waters of suspension;
and we, sir, were called "Destructives and  vile
Locofocos," because  we dared to rai«e the voice
of remonstrance against this course—because we ¡
would not consent to recharter these banks, with- ,
out, at least, administering a little spur—a little >
hint, by way  of reminding them of their duty—
without some provision for their emerging from
this irredeemable position in which they approach-
ed us.   Go on, gentlemen Whigs,  (said Mr. V.)
and reap all the glory of your unrighteous forbear-
ance.   Grant to delinquent institutions acts of am-
nesty and pardon; nay, approbation, as often as you
please.   I envy not the glory   you are to derive
from such charity and such indulgence.    In this
career of charity to the privileged few, and cruelty
to the many, you are only acting out a law of your
nature.   If we look to the rights and interests of
the whole community, who are bled almost to faint-
ing, all around yon, by the agency of suspended
banks, you are true to your principles and to
yourselves, by forgetting the suffering of the many
in the intensity of your regard for the interests of
the few.   It is strange, "passing strange," that you
do not begin to repent—to change your policy when
yon reflect upon your past folly, in regard to that
mammoth    institution,   which was   the   first   to
lead   off   in   this   leap    to    suspension.    She
is the author  and finisher of the  present  mis-   ¡
chief,   which   the   country   is   suite ring.     She
was your pet,   yonr   darling,  your all in  all;
your Atlas, which was to stand firm when all the
smaller horde shonld be swept away, and "leave
not a wreck behind."   Where, now, is your "great
regulator," without which you have so often told
ns that all your moneyed insulations weuld «xplode?
There she lies, bankrupt,  if  not roiten.   She is
your', with all her abominations, all her putres-
cence about her.   You are wedded to her by too
many acts of past affection, to be able   now to
shake her off.   She is one of the many millstones
about your neck, which are soon,  veiy soon, to
sink you, to settle yoar doom as a party.
[Mr. Dawson here asked Mr. V. if he did not
state on yestesday that we hid nothing to expect
from the States and as that was the cause,it was the
dsty of Congress to set an example from this Dis-
trict]
Mr. Vandzrfoel said he did say, and he would
again say, that as the proposition to recharter these
banks was forced upon us, and was not one of our
own seeking, it was our duty herí to «et an exam-
ple to the irredeemable portion of this confederacy.
This was what he said, and if th-  gentleman
would look at the whole context, he would no
longer be in error as to the import of what he said.
What further did he say? Did he not «ay that he
was willing to go for these banks, if the bill con-
tained a provision that they should re-ume specie
payment? within sixty da>s, and they shonld, in
the mean time, be prohibited from issuing irredeem-
able paper? Did this look like a disposition, on his
part, to persecute the banks, to dnvre the people at
once into an exclusively hard money currency? If
the States, where the banks had suspended, were
too lax in their notions of what wjs due to the
community from the banks, or too much in their
power to drive them back to their duty, was it true
that we, too, were thus trammelled? Was thu
Congress so entirely under the control of the banks
of this District, that it dare not refuse to renew
their charters while in a state of suspension; dare
not even utter a sentiment of rebuke against them;
but art as if it were actually bound to endorse and
legal ze it? No, he trusted that we would set a bet-
ter example to the Slates sooth of the "great re-
gulator," whose moneyed institutions were now
H. of Reps.
exhibiting a spectacle that was a reproach to our
whole country, that disparaged us as a nation in
the eyes of foreign nations. He had seen this, be had
felt it, when journeying among foreigners and
strangers. Talk to them about oar glorious insti-
tutions—the rapid advances we are making in alt
that seems to elevate the great masses, and render
them happy, and the response you will invariably
get is, "yes; but look at your repeated moneyed
crises, the frequent suspensions of your banks, the
fluctuations in yoi r currency, and the instability ot
prices, consequent upon these things." These
they would attribute to our political institutions.
These would they say are some of the dear penal-
ti* s you have to pay for your Democratic liberty.
And did it not behoove us, when a fair call, a pro-
per occasion presented itself to us, as far as in us
lay, to vindicate our country and our institutions
from such reproach? If we did not show to the world
that we felt ahigh moral duty resting npon us in
reference to corporations in such a predicament,
what could we expect from the States, embarrassed,
trammelled, and connected, as too many of them
were, with these institutions? The course he, and
those with whom he actea, pursued, did not imply
a disposition to war against all banks, and drive
the country into the use of an exclusive metallic
currency. It was dictated by considerations of
honor, by a regard for the obligations of morality
and positive duty, by a regard for the honor of the
country.
But the gentleman from Georgia has drawn a
sad picture of distress, which he imagines will re-
sult to the banks, if we drive them back to specie
payments.    Tbey will be obliged to pre*s their
debtors, if we compel them to resume specie pay-
ments, or refuse to recharter them, and, therefore,
we must extend  their existence, and permit them
to go on in their career of suspension until they
shall graciously please to resume.    Sir, where is
thts argument to end?   If inconvenient to return
to their duly now, if they cannot do it now, with-
out grievously oppressing their debtors, may they
not, nnder this argument, enjoy a perpetual suspen-
sion?   It  there was any thing in  this argument
now, the longer the banks remained out of the line
of their duty, the stronger would it grow.   This
argument rather proceeded on the assumption that
the banks themselves would not make very formi-
dable sacrifices to enable them to resume; that their
debtors must pay the whole of the requisite penalty.
If ihis were so, he deplored it, but he could not
help it.   The debtors of the banks were few, com-
pared to the entire community within the range of
their circulation, the whole of which was subjected
to daily   losses   from   the   present condition of
things.    If the suffering of the few, who had vo-
luntarily connected themselves with these instila-
tions ware necessary to bring them back to lheir
duty, and save this whole community from daily
losses, much as he might commiserate such suffer-
ing, it did not fnrnish with him a  motive strong
enough to induce him to tell the e banks to go on in
t'ieir unlawful and immoral career, and terminate
it only when it suited their convenience.
But was it true that the friends of the Adminis-
tration had wholly refused to recharter these banks?
On the contrary, most of them had voted for the
bill as amended, and, as he thought, improved, by
the amendments ottered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Pktrikin] and the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Cooper.J Those provisions
were simple, but salutary. They embraced the
principle of immediate resumption, and liability
of the president and directors of the banks for
engagements entered into during their administra-
tion of its affairs. With these improving and re-
forming principles, he, (Mr. V.) and most of thote
with whom he acted, voted for the bill to extend
the charters for two years. A maj'onty of you,
gentlemen Federal Whigs, voted against ihe bill,
because it contained provisions, looking to the
safety of the community. You were true to your-
selves—to your principles—for you would not vote
for any bill that contained a spur to prick on the
banks to their duty; for any bill, that contained
provisions unpalatable to the banks, and calcu-
lated to secure the public against their frauds
and their suspensions    Go wuh us, then, before
