July, 1846.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dss
26th Cowg....1st Sess.
District Banks—Mr. Vanderpoel.
H. of Reps.
course in his State Legislature in relation  to the ■
banks in bis State, &c.   Sir, I (said Mr. D.) dare |
takesach a course in my State were I "member of
her Legislature; and I undertake to say, that no
member of my State, in a representative capacity,
dare take any other cooise, or dare give any other
rote than has been given on this bill by the Demo-
cratic party.   Such is the public feeling, and such '
the public determination in Ohio, in  favor of the
reform of bank abuses.    If I mistake not, the last
day of bank monopoly and exclusive privileges is
near at band.   The people of this country have
waked up to a sense of their danger.   They now
see their liberties undermiuing their free institutions
shaken to the centre, and their life blood lapped by
more than nine hundred vtorthless, swindling, rot-
ten, irresponsible bank corporations, as by so many
hungry hyenas, who prey upen the liberties of this
country, and fatten on, the spoils of honest labor.
Bat,   sir,   we   are   yet  free;  and   it   will   be
fooad   in   the   coming   contest    that   there   is
yet intelligence and patriotism enough, blended
with an unpurchaseable spirit of Democracy, to re-
pel the corrupt and insidious invaders from our
soil.    I do not wish to be understood in this denun-
ciation as embracing any bank or banks which
have honestly and faithfully managed the trust re-
posed in them.
Sir, the American Democracy will never sacri-
fice their blood purchased liberties at the shrine of
bank cupidity. They will laugh to scorn, derision
and contempt, your pitiful howl and your dema-
gogical cry of panic and distress.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Dawson]
tells us, in substance, that desolation, ruin, and
blight, rest upon the people of this District; pover-
ty, extreme poverty, rests upen them; and biting
hunger and squalid wretchedness stare them in the
face; and the only relief to which they look is in the
recbarter of their banks; and that the whole ma*s
of tbe people of the District are now appealing in
frantic despair to us to recbarter their I anks. And
he ask , in a sympathetic tone, will we, can we,
deny them? Now, sir, the gentleman's allegations
contain two assertions. I deny both of them. 1
deny that poverty and desolation rest apon the
people of the District of Colombia; I deny that
biting hunger and squalid wretchedness stare thrm
in the face. I believe that the people in this Dis-
trict are about as well off and as comfortable in
their circumstances as the people of this country
generally are. And if they are the spirited, high
minded people I take them to be, they will repudi-
ate the man who attempts to hold them up to pub-
lie gaze as subjects of poverty and pity. If I were
a member of this society and a cit zen of this Dis-
trict, I would publicly denounce the man as a ca*
lamniatnr and a slanderer, who would give the peo-
ple of the District such a character as the gentleman
from Georgia has done, I care not what might be his
motives. But, for the sake of argument, we will sup-
pose for a moment that the degraded account that
gentleman has given of the people and the District
is true. Could the most fruitful and ingenious
mind imagine or invent a stronger argument against
continuing the District banks? If it is irue that
poverty and squalid wretchedness have made their
abode in this District, may it not be fairly be attri-
buted to the influence of the banks? and, if so, why
should the gentleman desire to continue such in-
stitutions and such a policy, which have brought
such blight and ruin uprn ths people, which he
sings in such melancholy melodies?
Sir, let us bring up and present to public gaze,
and, I think, astonishment, tbe hhtory of banks
and banking m this District; and, though the his-
tory may astonish, the fact that the people are left
as sound and solvent as ihey are, will be equally
astonishing to at least those who understand and
have witnessed the blighting effects of unrestrained
banking.
Wi'h the assistance of an able statistical finan-
cial offic«r of tbe Treasury Department, I have
been able to call tbe fo'lowing synopsis from the
his'ory of banking in the District of Columbia.
Act* for incorporating the six banks that recently
applied for an extension of their charters, were
first passed at the following dates: Bank of Wash-
ington, February 15,  1811-,  Bank of Potomac,
Alexandria, February 16, 1311; Farmers' Bank
of A'exandria, February 16, 1811; Farmers'and
Mechanics' Bank of Georgetown, March 3, 1817;
Bank of the Metropolis, Washington, March 3,
1817; Patriotic Bank, Washington,~Maich 3, 1817.
Ou the 4th of May, 1820, an act was passed ex-
tending to the 1st of June, 1821, the charters of the
several incorporated banks in the District of Co-
1 imbia, then paying specie. It is believed that all
the above mentioned banks were included in the
provisions of that law.
On the 21 of March, 1821, an act was passed
extending the charters of all these banks to the 3d
of March, 1836.
February 9,1836, an act was passed to extend
their charters to the 1st of October, 1836.
July 2,1836, an act was passed to extend their
charters until the 4th of July, 1838.
May 31, 1838, an act was passed to extend their
charters to the 4th of July, 1840.
It thus appears that the charters of all these
banks have been extended Jive several times.
Several of these banks commenced operations
before charters were granted to them. Blodget, in
his Económica, speaks of the Bank of Potomac as
instituted in 1804. The stockholders of the Far
mers' and Mechanics' Bank of Georgetown associ-
ated in the year 1814; tho e if the Bank of the Metro-
polis and of the Patriotic Bank, in 1814 or 1815.
The act of incorporation recognises them as alrea-
dy in existence.
In August, 1814, the Bank of Washington, the
Bank of Potomac, and the Farmers' Bank of Alex-
andria, suspended specie payments. The Bank of
the Metropolis, the Patrio'ia Bank, and the Far-
mers' and Mechanics'Bank of Geoigetown, cannot
be said to have suspended, because they, if I am
correctly informed, commenced operations by pay-
ing inconvertib'e paper.
In 1834 the Bank of Washington, the Patriotic
Bank, and the Farmers'and Mechanics'Bank of
Georgetown, *uspenJed specie payments, and re-
sumed again in tbe same year.
In May, 1837, all the six banks suspended specie
payn.ents, except the Bank of Washington, which,
having but few notes out, continued to pay specie
for them.
In October, 1839, they again all suspended specie
payment?, except the Patriotic Bank, which, hav-
ing bat few notes out, continued to pay specie for
them.
The exceptions in 1837 and 1839 were rather
nominal than real, as these two banks received de-
posites of inconvertible paper, and traded on the
same.
It thus appears that all these banks have been
Ihrte times, and some of them four times, in a state
in which they did not pay their circulation and de-
posites in specie.
The capitals of these bank*, according to the re-
ports made by them on or near January 1, 1840,
were as follow.1-:
Banks.
Rank of the Metropolis -
Patriotic Bank  ■
Bank of Washington    -
Farmers' and Mechanic  Bank •
Bank of Potomac
Fanners' Bank of Alexandria ■
Total
Capital
Held by
paid in.
he bank.
816,345
$500,000
250 000
73,255
359,840
77,206
485,900
143,545
353,900
-
310,000
2,259,640
183,900
504,751
Nett ca-
pital.
$483,155
171,745
182,634
337,355
353,90(1
126,10)
1,654,889
Besides these banks, there have existed in the
District of Columbia the following institutions:
Bank of Alexandria, incorporated in 1792; Bank
of Columbia, Georgetown, incorporated in 1793;
Mechanics' Bank of Alexandria and Union Bank
of Georgetown, incorporated in 1811; Central Bank
of Washington, incorporated in 1817; Real Esiate
Bank of Washington, iocoiporated in 1817; Union
Bank of Alexandria, incorporated in 1817; Frank-
lin Bank of Alexandria, incorporated in 1817;
Merchants' Bank of Alexandria.
The last dees not appear to have been incorpo-
rated. The Union Bank of Alexandria was, about
the year 1821, consolidated with the Bank of Poto-
mac. The Union Bank of Georgetown is now
winding up its affairs. All the others in this list ap-
pear to have failed; and by the failure of some of
them, Government and individuals sustained great
losses.
Some very interesting particulars respecting the
present banks will be found in a report made to the
House of Representatives by the Hon. F. Thomas,
of Maryland. Thu report is contained in House
doc. No. 800, 24th Congress, 1st session, made
June 20, 1836. The able and clear expose of
bank frauds, depravity, and corruption, does honor
to the head and the heart of the author of tbe re-
port; but its disclosures fix eternal infamy upon
some of the banks, and those who conducted them.
I am sorry my time will not permit me to make an
expose of some of their frauds a part of my re-
marks. I wish the whole Amer can people could
see and read that document—I think the deathknell
of banking on the present system would be sounded.
I will leave the above history for the comment
of those who may read me. But I have heard,
since the above was prepared, that all the banks
now in this District were at liberty to increase their
capital to five hundred thousand dollars each. If
such is the fact, the aggregate amount of bank ca-
pital is three millions of dollars. A pretty round
sum for a small District of ten miles square, with a
population ot not more than forty thousand, men,
women, and children, black and white, all told;
and a District, too, that exports little or nothing,
comparatively; and imports little or nothing, but
what is consumed within its limits.
Now, sir, it is fair to presume that the stock has
been honestly and fairly paid in, and that the banks
have discounted, as they are at liberty to do, on the
whole amount of stock: perhaps, if not on their ca-
pital, they have discounted upon deposites to the
amount of their capital, which is the same for all
purposes to those who have bfen accommodated,
and for the purpose of the calculation I am about
to make. I suppose, also, in common with other
banks, they have the right to discount three dollars
in rag promises to every dollar they have in capital
paid in. Taking these suppositions as a basis,
what amount of bank capital, paper issues, and
profits on bank stock, will the people of the Dis-
trict have enjoyed per annum, for good or for evil?
Bank capital         -           -          -       $3 000,000
Issues on capi'al, three to one        -         9,000,000
Profits per annum, at six per cent.             540,000
To what a noble extent the people of this Dis-
trict hav  enjoyed the privileges of banking, and
what heaps of money they have made by that
glorious British system! and yet, like the people
from whom we have borrowed it, (according to
tbe gentleman from Georgia,) they are writhing
in the agonies of poverty; and when, by
the history I have exhibited, they have had
the fnll and unrestrained benefits of banks, paper
currency, and credit system for more than a quar-
ter of a century, why is it that this people are now
reduced to this deplorable cjndiiion of poverty,
panic, and ruin, in which the Georgia gentleman
describes them? And that, too, by the very system
and policy which the gentleman and his party are
endeavorin? ngain to faUen upon them. For I
challenge any other cause to be successfully as-
signed than that of the banking policy, and the evils
and calamities in which it will drag any peop'e,
where it has its unrestrained sway. Why, then,
shall a system be urged upon a people, with re-
newed force, now withering and laagul-hing under
its curse?
I have a curiosity to know how many banks,
how much bank capital, and how much rag cur-
rency, the Bank Whigs would be willing to spread
over this country, if they could have their way;
and which, I presume, they would do, if they had
the control of this Government.
Let us take their representative action here to
guide us (and I presume there will be nothing un-
fair ia it,) and let us illustrate by the quantity of
territory in this District, and the amount of bank
capital and paper currency which they are now en-
deavoring to establish.
This Districtjis ten miles square, and contains one
hundred iquate miles. There is one million of
square miles inhabited in the United States.
This can be illustrated by the Single Rule of
Three:
