May* 1840.______________
36th Cono.......1st Skis.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
635
Mr. TVatferson in reply to Mr. Gentry.
H. of Reps.
by hundreds of thousands in the face of justice, and
bestowed upon those who have no claims upon
them.
S r, I assert that thare i< no other territory of ten
miles square in this Union, that is inhabited, that
does not require as much bank capital as this
District. The limited commerce of the Dis-
trict, and the va>t appropriations which are ex-
pended in it, will sustain me in that assertion.
I will present the expenditures of one year. I
will present the expenditures of 1834; a year not
extraordinary for expenditures. I believe that the
expenditures of 1834 will be foundto be about the
average annual expenditure of this District for the
last tea or twelve years. The expenditures which
I now display are made in this District. The mo-
ney is paid out, and four-fifths of it laid out here;
and every man, woman, and child, receives his,
her, or its proportion,* according to the usual rules
of currency distribution.
Here, sir, is an extract exhibiting the expendi-
tures of money in the District of Columbia for
1834. (House Doc. No. 27, 2d session, 231 Con-
gress, page 58; also House Doc. No. 39,1st ses-
sion, 24th Congress.) But here is the paper. Look
at it. It is covered with thousands, hundreds of
thousands, and millions. It would seem as if the
lavish distribution of millions of money is calcu-
lated to make a people happy and prosperous.
" The poor and distressed people of the District of
Columbia" are that people. But now for the paper
and the figures:
JBsaettfftftirts   in   the District of Columbia for the
year 1834.
On account of special and civil appro-
priations          -          -           -        $2,013,000
Pensions paid out in District of Co-
lumbia             ...              11,000
Navy, paid out in district of Colombia      400,000
Army and Indian Department, paid out
in District of Columbia           -              550,000
Debt for District of Columbia    -              250,000
Miscellaneous    ...              500,000
Foreign intercourse, paid out in Dis-
trict of Columbia         -           -              100,000
|3,824,000
la order to show the amount of money which is
actually distributed among the people of this Dis-
trict in one year, and which constitutes a part of
their circulating medium, I will do as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has done—I will deduct one-
fifth, or twenty per cent, as the sum which may be
expended cut of the District, and there will remain
13,059,200.     Yes, sir, the   circulating   medium
which the Government furnishes to this small Dis-
trict,   and   "this   poor   and distressed people,"
i       amounts  to the sum of three millions fifty-nine
thousand and two hundred dollars.   What a flood
of money for forty thousand people! and all that,
too, in the rino dino, the silver grays, and  the
' Tom Benton yellow humbugs"—I mean the hard
cash, or its equivalent.    I believe I am safe in say-
ing the whole amount of impor.s and exports of this
'        District per annum will sot exceed one-sixth part of
'       the amount of the appropriations made and ex-
pended in it.   What, then, I ask, makes it neces-
c       sary to incorporate six banks, with three millions
'       of capital, in the District of Columbia?     What
(       makes a bank necessary at all in the District of Co-
f       lambía?     Let    us   distribute,   by   calculation,
a   proportionate   amount    of   circulating   me-
3        dium    to    the   inhabited   part   of   this   coun-
-'       try, and see what the amount of currency would
*        br. We will again apply to the good old rule of
if three. The question presents itself thus: If one
t- hundred square miles (the number of square miles
& ia the District of Columbia) receive three millions
:t fifty-nine thousand two hundred dollars, for a cir-
culating medium annually, what would one million
*         of square miles receive, at the same proportion?
«a*       Answer, $30,592,000,000.    Yes, sir; if there were
ft an equal distribution of circulating medium over
if the whole populated territory of this country, which
¿ the District of Columbia receives annually, we
•r" would have an annual flood of thirty billions five
n'1 hundred and ninety-two millions of dollars. Who,
i**     with a sound bead and an honest heart, would say
we. ought to have banks to triple that amount? So
much for a territorial calculation. Now for a cal-
culation by population. Let us again walk into
the rule of three- If the population of the District
of Columbia (40,000) receives annually three mil-
lions fifty-nine thousand two hundred dollars, for a
circulating medium, what would the whole popula-
tion (15,000,000) of this country receive, by the
same proportion?   Answer, $1,147,175,000.
So, sir, calculating by population, an equal sup-
ply of currency, annually, to the whole population
of this country, with that received by the popula-
tion of this District, would amount to one billion
one.hundred and forty reven millions one hundred
and seventy-five thousand dollars. What a flood
of currency would inundate this people! Who,
that did not want to see this country corrupted as
all Greece was corrupted with the gold of Persia,
would want to see it tripled by bank issues? I be-
lieve, in relation to trade and currency, it is gene-
rally conceded, that the necessary amount of the
latter depends upon the quantity of the former.
The demand for the currency is, to a great extent,
regulated by the quantity of exports and imports,
as well with reference to a country, a Stale, or a
country, as to a district. Now, let us see what
proportion the amount of currency which the Go-
vernment furnishes for the District of Columbia,
annually, bears to the commerce or the aggregate
amount of exports and imports.
For the year 1834, House Document No. 184,
2d session, 23d Congress, shows the aggregate
amount of exports and imports, foreign and domes-
tic, to and from the United States, to be worth
$230,858,305.
The same document shows the aggregate amount
of exports and imports through the ports of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, foreign and domestic, to be
worth $1,016,653. Two-thirds of the exports and
imports making that sum, came to and went from
the States of Virginia and Maryland, received and
charged through the ports of Alexandria and
Georgetown, D. C. which would leave but $338,-
886 of exports and imports for the District of Co-
lumbia.
Now, sir, if commerce to the amount of t^ree
hundred and thirty-eight thousand eight hundred
and eighty-six dollars requires a circulating medium
to the amount of three millions (the sum furnished
to the District of Columbia, annually, by the Go-
vernmtn,) what amount of circulating medium
will the whole amount of commerce of the United
States annually require—that is, what will com-
merce to the amount of two hundred and thirty
millions eight hundred and fifty-eieht thousand
three hundred and five dollars require? The sum,
worked by the simple rule of three, answers $2,043,-
681,105. Yes, sir; a proportionate amount of cur-
rency for the annual commerce of this country,
compared with the amount of annual currency fur-
nished the District of Columbia for its commerce,
would amount to two billions forty-three millions
six hundred and eighty-one thousand one hundted
and five dollars. And who would want to see that
amount tripled by bank issues?
I maintain, that the people of the District of Co-
lumbia want a bank about as much as a cart wants
a third wheel. I voted for the Senate bill, as
amended by the House, to continue the bank char-
ters, not because I thought it necessary, but be-
cause some of the citizens thought their continua-
tion necessary, and because the balance of the citi-
zens did not expressly remonstrate. I also voted
for the bill as amended, because I was anxious to
see a bank chartered upon the true Democratic
principles of equality, and to demonstrate to the
people of thi¿ country, that it is bank reform, and
not bank destruction, that the Democratic party
seek.
Let me conclude, by again repelling the asser-
tion, that lean poverty and hungry distress re-t up-
on the people of this District, and that ruin and de-
solation must be their fate, unless their bank char-
ters are continued. There is no such poverty in
this District. The people, I believe, are generally
in easy circumstances. They are characteristic for
frolic, mirth, and gayety. They live well them-
selves, and entertain strangers magnificently.
Splendid parties and sumptuous entertainments are
the order of the day and the amusements of the
night. It is slandering this people to say they are
the hungry objects of pity and the humble suppli-
cants of Governmeni bounty. But if the gentleman
from Georgia, and his party, are sincere in their
piteous lamentations over the ruin, distress, and
poverty, which they may think prevail in this Dis-
trict, it seems to me, a well-directed judgment, and a
due regard to experience, would dictate a different
course of policy. A grsat disproportion of bank-
capital and paper currency has prevailed here
for more than twenty-five years; and by the gentle-
man's showing, its effects have been most disas-
trous. Now, if the gentleman would go to work as
a skilful physician would do, he would withhold
banks and banking policy for fifteen or twenty
years from the District; for of all remedies for the
cure of a disease, there is none so valuable as the
removal of the cause.
Sir, when I deny that it is not the principles of
the Democratic party tsdes'roy the banks, suppress
all paper currency, and establish a pure metallic
currency, I speak with reference to the present pe-
cuniary embarrassments of the country, and the
unfortunate mauner in which the people and the
institutions of the country are at this time involved
with, and by, the banks. If the question of banks
were a new one, I believe I risk nothinz in saying
that the entire Democracy of this country would
oppose the chartering of banks on any terms. I
I alto believe, that, with our present experience of
the evils of a paper currency, without reference to
our embarrassments or debts, a large majority of
the Democracy would oppose the introduction of
any other than a metallic currency for the ordina-
ry purposes of business. But under our pre-ent
pol.tical system, and the freedom ef our institu-
tions, banks of deposite and exchange will exist,
and banks of issue may exist. To all this the De-
mocracy do not object, provided the people are not
deprived of their reserved rights and privileges, the
country overspread with a privileged order  f irre-
sponsible associations and bank monopolies, and
the whole face of the country periodically blighted
with an inundati-n of irredeemable and worthless
shinplaster currency. Equal rights, equal privi-
leges, equal protection to all, and a sound curren-
cy, is the motto of Democracy.
REMARKS OF MR. WATTERSON,
OF TENNESSEE.
In the House of ReprtS'Motives, May 2,   1840—In
reply to the attack upon him by his colleague,
Mr. GENTay.
Mr. Speaker: In justice to myself, I would
ask the kind indulgence of the House, for a Aort
time, whilst I reply to some of the remarks which
have fallen fram my colleague.
He has charaed me with an,' abandonment of
the principles vfeich I proteast/t when an humble
supporter of a|distinguished/citizen of my own
State for the Pttsideacy, wh)6,1 regret as much as
any member ulon this Ador, is now no more. He
is in his grafe, sir. /here let him rest. I
would be the l$st man upon the face of the earth
to disturb his 'ashes./And if the shroud which
surrounds him'=is to/be torn off, the sin be nut
upon my head} J^vill leave my colleague to the
left, [Mr. GentWj^ and bis prompier to the right,
[Mr. Bell,J hyifta like, to grabble up the sod
which covers him. I shall not be pn veked, even
in self defence, to say aught against the dead.
It is true, Mr. Speaker, that I was a fast friend
to Judge White in the last Presidential elecion;
but it is not true, as has been alleged by my col-
league, that I availed myself of the tide which
set in his favor, and by it was wafted into the Le-
gislature of Tennessee, in 1835. At that elec-
tion, all my competitors were for White, as
well as myself, and we but seldom discussed either
his claims or those of Mr.Van Buren. When, how-
ever, we did speak upon the subject, we invariably
said to the people: White is one of our own che-
rished citizens; the principles which he professes and
has always acted upon, are our principles; he is an
able, consistent, and sincere supporter of the pre-
sent Administration, (Jackson's,) and we have
every assurance, if elected, that he will carry out its
leading measures: therefore, we prefer him to any
