r
June, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6S9
26th Cong..__1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Wagener.
H. of Reps.
an appropriation savors of salt water, the lofty
Allegantes sink into insignificance, (even in
the minds of many who represent West-
era intrr-sts;) but even money itself, all
at once, becomes plen'y, and the resources of
the nation are so abundant, so vast, that even an
estimate of time or expense is altogether unneces-
sary. Nay, more; but direct the President of the
United States to pay to a set of speculators,
for a few rods of mud and water, as ma-
ny thousand dollars as they may choose to demand,
and for the fi'ling around the walls as much for
each load of earth as may be asked. This, sir, I
call economy with a vengeance.
[Here Mr. Anderson from Maine, a member of
the Committee on Naval Affair*, rose and stated
that the committee of which he was a member,
had this subject for a long time under considera-
tion, and that they had the evidence before them,
that the B ard of Navy Commi sioners had decided
upon the location of ihe dry dock, and that no pur-
chase would be necessary; that it would be located
upon the ground now owned by the Government,
and now a part of the navy yard.]
Yes, sir, I understand fie gentleman, and I will
call the aUen'ion of the House to the law itself,
and the language made use of in the bill as now
passed. And what is it? "To purchase a site."
Does the gentleman not know that many strong
arguments were made in favor of this purchase at
the last Congress, and in which it was shown most
conclusively by those whose business it was to know,
that this dry dock could not be erected upon the
ground where it is now decided to be built, without
in jarías or almost destroying the ship yard?
I will now ask what is the inference' Are we
Hot sufficiently well acquainted with human na-
tnre to know how easy it is to uudecide that which
has been decided and resolved upon again and
again, and that our best resolutions, upon reflec-
tion, are changed, and should be, when reason
dictates? But if this work was to destroy your
ship yard in 1838, how does it happen that it will
not in 1840? Have you any new surveys, any
new lights? Then recommit the bill and let them
come forth.   Perhaps I may be convinced.
What rule cf construction will you require
yonr executive officer to eslab'i-h in carrying into
execution the laws you pas*? Will you require
them to look elsewhere than in your statute book,
and dare they adopt any other rule, or will yon per-
mit them to adopt any other rule? If you will not,
and they dare not, when they open your statute
book, and find there a law requiring a site to be
purchased for a dry dock in the harbor of New
York, will not a site be purchased? Most assu-
redly; and when a report is made to this House
of their proceedings, you will again find the ar-
gument of 1838 revived, proving mcontestably the
impracticability of erecting this dry dock upon the
giound now occupied as a ship yard, and the ab-
solute necessity of purchasing a site for its loca-
tion. Sir, although I have never yet seen a dry
dock, I am not to be caught in traps of this kind
My constituency are not only willing to toil, and
toil on, if it should become necessary for the pur-
pose of sustaining their country, but in cemmon
with the great mass of the laboring community,
will always be found ready to do battle in their
country's cause, when the exigencies of the case
may demand their services. But they demand, at
your hands, to be furnished with a da a by which
they conform some idea when thsir extraordinary
exertions for you may terminate.
[Herp some one remarked, "Who pays your re-
venue?]
S>r, 1 am fully prepared to tell gentlemen who
pays your revenue, who supports your shavers,
speculators, and banker; and I can tell gentlemen
who it is that does not pay the revenue. It is not
the merchant, but the consumer. Yes, sir, the con-
sumer; thDse who toil, and by the sweat of iheir
brows are enabled to purchase and consume your
imported articles. Ner that alone, sir; it is by the
labor of those who toil, that your drones and non-
producers not only live, but riot in extravagace.
It is through your laborers that they live and move,
and without them your loafers would be compelled
to resort to some other means for a living.   Sir, if
1840—In
Independent
membsrs of
is protracted dis-
eeling* and inch-
time for one mo-
new and impor-
fi>cal operations
its   friends have
the laboring community should "take it into their
head  to withhold from  market their surplus pro-
duce, your loafers; would be compelled to hoe their
own potatoes, and to drink less hard cider.   But,
sir, I remarked that, among my constituents, there
was neither loafers or loungers; nir do I believe
that there is one among them who would claim the
benefit of your bankrupt bill, should it become a
law.   But, sir, if this method of making appropri-
ations shall obtain with an American Congress,
you had better awaken from its slumbers that bill
from the Senate, which passed that body for the
relief of speculators, which now liess'eeping upon
j your table, and include the General Government.
I      Mr. Speaker, although many around me appear
' to be a little excited from some cause, I will allay
' any apprehensions of danger in relation to this,
| their favorite appropriation, by stating again, that
1 the instructions do not go to the striking out of the
bill, which I should prefer,  but for estimates; the
House, in its present state of feeling, being evident-
ly opposed to striking out, as the next best thing
that could be done to satisfy the people, as to the
justice and propriety of making this appropriation
at thii lime.   I have proposed ihe instructions; and
when the report shall come in from the committee,
I do not entertain the least possible doubt bnt that
a majority of this House will then concur with me
in opinion.
SPEECH OF MK. WAGENER,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In House   of  Representatives, June
Committee of the Whole  on t
Treasury bill.                    ]
Mr. Chairman: Conscious i
this committee are wearied wi
cussion, could I consult my o
nation, I should not occupy th
ment; but as this bill estabh
tant principles as regards ttíe
of this Government, and as
been charged, upon this floor, with hostility to the
best interests of the people, I cannot, in justice to
my constitu -nts and myself, (whatever may be
my reluctance, at any time, to engage in public
discussion,) consent to its passage with my silent
vote. I, however, promise the committee that my
effort will be to condense my arguments as much
as possible, and to adhere strictly to the subject
under consideration; but, "from the wide range in-
dulged in by many who have preceded me, I hope
I may be pardoned should I incidentally offer a
passing answer to some of the unjust allegations
made against the late and present Administrations.
Honorable gentlemen complain thai the honora
ble chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means should have thought proper to bring this
bill before the House before other bills now on file,
of a general character; and with what justice they
make the complaint, a few facts will determine.
This bill, after it came from the Senate, was some
time before the Committee of Ways and Means
before it was reported to ihis House, and almost
every day was the chairman interrogated, why
this delay? And if the friends of the Adminis-
tration are sincere in their support of this bill, why
not bring it forward? Such were the daily charges
made by the opponents of this bill; and now, for-
sooth, after a lapse of some months, the bill is
brought forward for consideration, and they com-
plain it is too soon, and urge its delay until the
next Congresr. What inconsistency! Indepen-
dent of the opinion of this House, the people
themselves expect a decision of this question.
They have called for it long and loudly; and to
refuse to act upon it, in one way or the other, by
which this agitated question shall be finally set-
tled, would be in open defiance of their w i>hes.
I consider, Mr. Chairman, that the first inquiry
should be, are the existing laws for the collec-
tion, safekeeping, transfer, and disbursement of
the public revenue, full, ample, and sufficient?
By the act of June, 1836, to regulate the depo-
posites of the public money, the Secretary of the
Treasury is required to select, as depositories of the
public moneys, State banks, upon certain specified
conditions, unnecessary to detail; and by the fifth
section of this act, it is fanner enacted, that no hank
shall te selected or continued as a place of deposite
of the public money, which shall not redeem its
notes and bills, on demand, in specie; nor shall any
bank be selected or continued, as aforesaid, which
shall, after the 4ih July, in 1836, issue or pay out
any note or bill of less denomination than five dol-
lars.
The duty of the Secretary of the Treasury, under
this deposite law, is positive and unconditional.
That so soon as a bank of deposite refuses to pay
her notes, on demand, in gold and silver, she ceases
to be a depository, and the moneys in her posses-
sion withdrawn by the Secretary ot the Treasury,
and of course come under his immediate control.
Is this committee willing to continue this immense
power and responsibility m the hands of the Presi*
dent and the Sscretary of the Treasury? Has not
the President, in his special and annual messages,
called upon Consress to add additional safeguards
for its security; and have they not been unheeded?
And, sir, I was not a Utile surprised that the hono-
rable gentleman from Massachusetts who spoke
first, (from his usual candor and fairness in debate,)
should haye so unjustly cnarged the Executive with
a usurpation of the moseyed power, when the law
made it absolute, that no bank could be a deposito-
ry, which suspends the payment of specie for its
notes.
If the Opposition is prepared to maintain that
State banks are the safest fiscal agents of the Go-
vernment, after a violation of their trust, that this,
deposite law is sufficient, and the discretionary
power of the Secretary of the Treasury harmless
and proper, be it so. For my part, I never can con-
sent that any officer of the General Government,
whatever amount of confidence I may place in his
integrity and capacity, shall have such unlimited
discretionary power. And, sir, to my surprise did I
hear honorable gentlemen of the Opposition virtu
ally contend for the continuation of this discretion-
ary power to the Executive, while in the same
breath they were denouncing Executive patronage.
The advocates of this bill a*e for circumscribing
discretionary power over the purse of the country;
they are for placing such safeguards around the
money of the people, that will secure it against any
power but the law.
Tlrn, inasmuch as I consider the existing depo-
site law, in certain contingencies, as throwing the
whole moneyed power of the country under the
control of the Secretary of the Treasury, and in-
efficient in other respects, and as I believe the bill
now under consideration is a safer and more stable
system for the collection and safekeeping of the
public moneys, I feel constrained to advocate its
adoption, and will proceed to discuss the relativa
advantages of a Bank of the United States, State
banks, and an Independent Treasury, as the fiscal
agent of this Government.
It a fact worthy of record in the outset, that the
Opposition to the present Executive have for the
last two sessions denounced him for urging upon
Congress the establishment of an Independent
Treasury, and an entire separation of the Govern-
ment from banking institutions, as her fiscal agents;
and during this whole time they have not ventured
uuitedly to propose a plan for the safekeeping
and disbursing of the public moneys. This posi-
tion is an anomaly in the history of political par-
ties; and it would have been unaccountable to me,
were it not that I find, from the late proceedings of
this party, that one of their cardinal doctrines is
secrecy, and an inquiry as to their political senti-
ments unbecoming and ungenteel. They also, in
some respects, resemble an Eastern monarch, who
requested the soothsayers to interpret his dream,
but would not tell them the character of the dream
which was required to be interpreted. However,
let them disguise their opinions as they may, the
antagonistical system 10 the Independent Treasury
is a Bank of the United States, which will lead me
first to consider it as the fiscal agent of our Go-
vernment; secondly, the Independent Treasury;
and lastly, the causes that have produced such re-
vulsion in our monetary system, and that have
periodically affected our commercial, manufactur-
ing, and agricultural interests.
Before I proceed to the consideration of a Bank
of the United States as the fiscal agent of the Go-
