640
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cokg "1st Skss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Wagener.
June, 1840.
H. of Repg.
vernment, allow me to make a few remarks upon
banking generally. It is important that I should
do so, fn m the fact that many honorable gentle-
men have unjustly charged the friends of the Ad-
ministration as destructives, as advocates of an
exclusive metallic currency, and as in favor of up-
roo ling the order of society.
We have bad, in the short space of two years,
two important eras in the history of our banks, and
fall of useful admonitions. No one who can have
the best interests of his country at heart, can but
deplore and deprecate the conduct of these institu-
tions. No one will deny that they require thorough
refórmanos. No one here will stand up their ad-
vocates in violating their promises. The charge,
then, that the friends of the Administration (at
least I speak for myself, and I believe I might say
for the party) are for the destruction of all the
banks of this country, and introducing an exclusive
metallic currency,is unfounded. I must, however,
be permitted to say, that the banking institutions
have shaken the confidence of the people in thtir
usefulness, having failed in the object of their «rea-
tion. Ins-ead of providing a currency equal to
gold and silver, they have overwhelmed our conn-
try with a depreciated paper circulation, alike inju-
rious to the farmer, mechanic, and laborer. They
have, in some degree, entered the political arena,
(particularly the late Bank of the United Slates,) to
subserve their own purposes and advancement.
When I admit that I am not in favor of de.
«toying the bank*, but for reform, I wish to be un-
derstood that 1 am opposed to non-specie paying
bank*; that I am opposed to banks, (and which I
sow believe to exist,) not required for the legiti-
mate and productive business of the country. I
am in favor of banks being restrained within their
fair and honest means—of their specie basis being
enlarged—of small notes being discontinued, which
will throw into circulation gold and silver, for the
small and ordinary business of the peop e. The
great error with the States has been, that they have
created too much banking capital; and if continued
in, and not restrained, our country most be sub-
ject periodically to the dreadful consequences re-
sulting from their expansions and contractions. Is
is not important that this Government should not
encourage this wide-spread maBia for banks and
paper currency, if in its power incidentally!
I will now proceed and asV, is a Bank of the Uni-
ted States, subject to so many vicissitudes, the most
stable and safest fiscal agent of our Government?
Is it such an agent that any wise Government will
select, were there no constitutional difficulties? I
will not deny it may have some advantages, but its
disadvantages far overbalance them. By recurring
to the late Bank of the United States, when she
acted as the fiscal agent of thisGoverment, you will
find that she neither proved the regulator of our
State banks, the maintenance of an undepreciated
currency, an equality of exchange*, nor the most
stable and proper fiscal agent of our Government.
Notwithstanding the euloginms we have had, by
some honorable gentlemen, upon the late Bank of
the United States, I ask, where is the evidence that
she regulated banks and the currency, in times of
difficulty and embarrassment, for then is the period
when its advantages must be tested? When gene-
ral prosperity pervades our land, the currency needs
no regulation—it regulates itself. Where is your
regulator, when by a system of over-banking, and
of consequence, an excers of credit, falls upon u>?
Need I call ibw committee to the recollection of the
distressing period of 1818, '19, '20, and "21, to
prove the utter inability of the Bank of the United
States, backed then by all the powers of the Go-
vernment, to relieve the country and regulate the
currency and banks? I refer honorable gentle-
men to the history of that day for the substantia-
tion of my assertion. Daring the late war. we
had no Bank of the United States. The State
hanks were then only in existence; and if any me-
rit is doe, it belongs to them, and not the Bank of
the United States. It is true that these banks sus-
pended alter the war, from so great a stretch of
their means to advance money to the Government,
and did not resume until after the Bank of the Uni-
ted States was incorporated. It was not, however,
brought about by the Bank of the United States; it
was by the prudent course pursued by the State
banks themselves. At that very time, the Bank of
the United States was on the brink of ru;n: no di-
vidends declared; her stockholders became alaim-
ed; her officers changed; and inly by a violent
contraction she weathered 'he stoma. Put the com-
mercial, manufacturing, and agricultural commuity
had to juffer—yes.bleed to the core. Thes'ockjobber
and speculator then fattened upon the distresses of
our citizens, through loans from tins vt-ry institution
to their favorites. Is not tlv.s true? Let hi-story an-
swer. What was her conduct, further, while the
fiscal agent of our Government? She retained one
hundred and seventy thousand dollar*, n-dor pie-
tence to pay damages upon the protested French
bill. She called upon the holders of the three per
cents, when due, (and the money of t! e Govern-
ment in hrr vaults to pay these three pei cent-,) to
induce them to postpone their demind of payment.
Th'>y complied, thereby postponing the payment,
and holding the Government security for the same.
She retained the money deposited with her to pay
the sililiers of the Revolution, after it was de-
manded by the Secretary of War, and other agents
appointed. And shall I call to the reco'Iectioa of
this cotnmifee the time when this insti'ution was
struggling, wrh her Goliah sliength, to oveipower
the General Government; and had it not been fur
the Roman firmness of Ex-President Jackson, ihe
issue might have been .toub fui? Seventy thousand
dollars were appropriated by this Bank, to be used
by the President of the Bank, to have speeches
printed and circulated, denouncing the President of
the United States as a tyrant, and unworthy the
confidence of the people. This was done, too, by
a portion of the Government money. The issue
•was made—the people the arbiters. The Execu-
tive was sustained—a happy result for our Repub-
lic. Shall 1 call your attention to a more recent
occurrence, which should satisfy the most incredu-
lous of the unsafety in employing & B¿nk of the
United States as her fiscal arent. In the crisis of
1837 and 1839, where stan s in her majesty the
Bank of the United Sta es, continued bv a charter
from the Stale ot Pe.insyl/ania, and which charter
Nicholas Biddle, then President, declared, at a
meeting of its stockholders!, was preferable to the
one that had expired, and in consequence of which,
the charter was ac-epted by its s'ojkholders?
Yes, I repeat, where did she stand at these two
important period-.? Did she prevent th3 suspen-
sion of specie payments in 1837 and 1839 ? As
regards the last period, she was the fir .t 'o suspend,
and mainly instrumental in bringing it about
A meeting of the officers of the banks in Phila-
delphia, were called together last October, without
any previous notice as o the object, by mo*t of
them, and, to their astonishment, a proposition was
made to suspend. I think thirteen banks were re-
presented, and but three were tor suspension,, and
one of those three was the Bank of th-i Uni.ed
States. The proposition was lost; notwithstanding,
th* next morning after this meeting, the Bank of
the United State>suspended,and thereby forced the
smaller institutions, very reluctantly, however, to
suspend also. Do not tnese facts prove, beyond
the possibility of cavil, its inefficiency to control
the Slate bank-, currency, or exchanges? Does
not the conduct of this bank, while the fiscal agent
of the Government, satisfy you of the necessity of
the prompt separation of a Government from such
institutions? Does her conduct not speak volumes
against renewing the union? Would it be wise,
would it be good policy, to create anew such a fiscal
agent? Is it not fair to infer that no great depend-
ance can be placed upon the faithfulness of a new
institution? You have no assurance that a bank
will be true to her trust. And, sir, above all, if the
Government, by any possibility, can be made sub-
servient to such an institution, is it not our bound-
en duty to refrain from employing such a danger-
ous agent? Is anv one, who hears me, satisfied to
see their country subject to the mandate of a bank?
For my country's honor, I hope not.
I have, thus far, only spoken of the expediency
of employing a bank as the fiscal agent of our Go-
vernment, and will njw only revert oae moment to
its constitutionality*. As there is no express power
contained in the Constitution of the United States,
authorizing Congress to create a bank, and, as I
believe, to carry out any one of the powers con-
tamed in that instrument does not require a bank
therefor  I am irresistibly led to the conclusion that
a Bank of the United States is unconstitutional. In
addition, I will call the attention of the committee
to a report made in 1811, by a distinguished Sena-
tor from Kentucky, to show his opinion, at that
time, upon the question of the constitutionality of
the existing Bank of the United States:
"Mr. Clay, from the committee to whom was re-
ferred the memorial of the stockholders of the
Bankcf the United States, praying that an set
might be passed to continue the corporate powers
of the bank for a further period, (I believe one
year,) to enable it to settle such of its concerns at
may be depending on the 3d of March, 1811, re-
ported, that as they did not consider the bank con-
stitutional, they would not and could not grant the
request."
I refer to this in order to show what were the
opinion  of that distinguished Senator at that time,
and how far he carried them.
The continuation of State banks, as our deposi-
tories, appears to have but few advocates upon this
floor; but, in candor, were I compelled to vote for
a Bank of the United States, or State banks, I
should give it for the latter. Yet, as they have
been found inadequate to the task, and the best in-
terests ot the country call for an entire separation
of the Government from the banks, I feel it my
bounden duty to oppose their continuance.
The State banks, by their own act, have sepa-
rated themselves from the Government, and not by
any compulsory process on the part of the Execu-
tive. How did they separate themselves? By the
laws, under which they were created the deposito-
ries of the public revenue, they were required, at
all times, to redeem their paper in gold and silver;
and so soon as they faled in this, they ceased to be
depositories. Did not the Government act in good
faith towards these institutions? Were they not
c-mtinued as depositories up to the time of their
suspension; and would they not have remained un-
til this moment, performing the same service, had
they acted in good faith? To their own faithless-
ness must they attribute this separation. And, sir,
so far from the Executive and his friends indicat-
ing any hostilities to these faithless institutions, I
refer you to their conduct at th« extra ses ion of
1837. Unable to pay over to the Secretary of the
Treasury th« deposites due the Government, Con-
gress, instead «fcom pelting prompt payment, allow-
ed them from six to eighteen months to liquidate the
amount due Government, and at this very moment
more than half a million remains unsatisfied. Is this
evidence of hostility towards these institutions? Does
this show a disposition, on the part of this Admi-
nistration, to destroy them? Disappointed in their
confidence that these inst.tutions would have been
enabled to perform the duties of fiscal agents faith-
fully and effectually, they have b=come satisfied of
the absolute necessity of a separation. And to
show the sentiments of the Executive upon this
subject, I subjoin an extract from his first annual
message:
'The discontinuance of the use of State banks,
for fiscal purposes, ought not to be regarded as a
measure of hostility towards these institutions.
Banks, properly established and conducted, are
highly useful to the business of the country, and
doubtless will continue to exist in the States, so
long as they conform to their laws, andaré found
to be safe and beneficial. How tbey should be
created, what privileges they should enjoy, under
what responsibilities they should act, and to what
restrictions they should be subject, are questions
which, as I observed on a previous occasion, be-
long to the States to decide. Upon their rights, or
the exercise of them, the General Government caa
have no motive to encroach. Its duty towards
them is well performed when it refrains from legis-
latng for their special benefit, because such legis-
lation would violate the sprit of the Constitution,
and be unjust to other interests; when it takes no
steps to impair their usefulness, but so manages us
own affairs as to make it the interest of those in-
stitutions to strengthen and improve their condi-
tion, for the security and welfare of the commuaity
