Jnly, 1840.___________
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
at lar^e they have no right to ins:st on a connec-
tion with the Federal Government, nor (he use of
the public money, for their benefit."
Having thus very briefly presented my objections
to the re-e&labishment of a Bank of the United
Sutes, and to the continuation of State banks, as
the fiscal agents of this Government, we how come
to the consideration of the system of an Indepen-
dent Treasury, as contemplated by the bill before
us.   What does it estabii'h?
A Tieasury, in which shall be deposited all the
moneys collected by Government agents. That the
safekeeping, transfer, collecting', and disbursing of
these public moneys, shall be performed exclusive-
ly by these asents, and not by banks. That the
moneys, so collec'ed and disbursed, shall be, pro-
gressively, in gold and silver, and notes of specie-
paying banks, until 1843, when the whole shall be
collected and disbursed in gold and silver, and ad-
ditional safeguards for the more effectual preven-
tion of frauds and peculations on the part of these
agents. These, sir, are the important provisions
of this bill; simple, plain, not complicated, safe,
and efficient. For its security, for its efficiency,
for its safety and stability, and, above all, for its
Republican feature, in selecting and controlling its
fiscal agents, should, and I have not a doubt will,
receive the sanction and approbation of this House
and country. Need I refer you to the system ad-
vocated by Mr. Jefferson Bt the time the first Bank
of the United States was chartered, similar to the
one we now are considering? Need I remind you
of its salutary influence, to a certain extent, upon
our monetary system? Need I repeat a compari-
son of this system with banks irresponsible to the
Government? Need I call to your recollection the
inefficiency of the existing laws, providing for the
safekeeping, collecting, and disbursing of the pub-
lic funds? Need I remind you of the strenuous
effort made by the Bank of the United S'ates, when
the fiscal agent, to overpower the Government, and
force it to her terms, for its prefi rence over banks?
I am sure I would be encroaching onnecess«Bn
opon your time, did I enlarge upon these several
propositions; and therefore shall proceed to exa-
mine the consequences that the Oppositien would
fain ascribe to the effects of this bill.
Ftríí. That it creates one currency for the Go-
vernment, and another for the people; in other
words, gold and silver for the office holders, paper
currency for  ke people.
It is importa* t, before we proceed to the exami-
nation of in   assumption on the part of the Oppo-
sition to this I ill, to have defined what they mean
by currency.   Are we to understand them that the
paper currency, as it now exists, should be univer-
sal, so far as regards thisUnion? If so, and from the
whole tenor of their arguments it is the fair inference,
I take issue.   Th«re is no axiom  in political eco-
nomy, more universally admitted than that currency
should be uniform and of equal value throughout a
nation; if otherwise, injury is done to one portion of
it. How will this principle apply to the present state
of OBr currency?   Is it uniform?   Is it equal in
value throughout the nation?   Need I enlarge upon
this point, to prove that it is rot?   It will even be
admitted that paper currency itself, in different
sections of the Un on, differs in value; and from
the Delaware to the most extreme southern point
of the United States, all paper circulation is below
the valua of gold and silver, from five to twenty
per tíent.   This, then, is the currency that  the
Government  should  receive,  according   to   the
views of the Opposition.   Who would hav« sup-
posed that therejsvercouldhavebecna party, in this
country, who would   maintain   such a   system,
which militates against the Constitution, fastens
upon ns a depreciated paper circulation, and does
most manifest injustice to the Government credi-
tor?   This bill does not create one currency for the
Government and one for the people.   It dees no
more than the Constitution requires.   It is based
upon the immutable principles of justioe; that is,
m its collection it  demands, progressively, gold
and silver, and in payments by the Government the
same is paid to its creditors.   So with individuals
in their transactions; no one is required to receive
any currency of less value than gold and silver.
And, sir, I will refer to an authority which cannot
41
>IX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
Independent Treasury—Mr. Wagener.
but have weight with the Opposition, maintaining,
with his usual force of argument, the necessity of
the Government collecting its revenue in gold and
silver. I allude to the distinguished Senator of
Massachusetts, (Mr. Webster.)   He says:
"There was no nation which had guarded its
currency with more care; for the framers of the
Constitution, and   those who enacted   the  early
statutes on this subject, were hard money men.
They had felt, and therefore duly appreciated, the
evils of a paper medium; they therefore seduously
guarded the currency of the United States from
debasement.   The  legal currency of the United
States was gold and silver coin; this was a subject
in regard to  which   Congress had  run into no
folly.  Mr. W. declined occupying the time of the
House to prove that there was a depreciation of
the. paper in circulation.    The legal standard of
value   was   gold   and    silver;   the   relation  of
,   paper to it proved its state, and the rate of its
|   depreciation.   Gold and silver currency, he said,
|   was the law of the land at home, and the law of
|   the world abroad.   There could, in the present
state of the world, be no other currency.   In con-
i   sequence of the immense paper issjes having ba-
nisaed specie from circulation, the Government
l> fcas been obliged, in direct violation of existing
i   statutes, to receive the amount of their taxes in
,   something which was not recognised by law as
the money of the country, and which was, in fact,
1   greatly depreciated.
"As to the evil of the present state of things,
Mr. W. admitted it in its fullest extent.   If he was
not mistaken, there were   some  millions in the
'   Treasury, of paper, which were nearly worthless,
;   and were now   wholly useless to   the   Govern-
1   ment,  by which an actual loss of considerable
i   amount must certainly be sustained by the Trea-
1   sury.   This was an evil  «hich  ought to be met
¡   at once, because it would grow greater by indul-
I   gence.   In the end, the taxes mu'st be paid in
i   the legal money of thecruntry, and the sooner that
was brought about the better.   If Congress were
to pass forty statutes on the subject, he said, they
I would not make the law more conclusive than
it now was—that nothing should be received in
payment of duties to the Government but specie;
and yet no regard was paid to the imperative in-
junction of the law ia this respect. The whole
strength of the Governm«nt, he was of opinion,
ought to be put forth to compel the payment of the
duties and taxes to the Government, in the le-
gal currency of the country." He holds the same
strong language in a speech delivered in April,
1816, on the collection of the revenue, which I
I should have read, did I not desire to close my
remarks as soon as possible.    Who, upon this
! floor, has gone further than this distinguished Se-
I nator for a hard money currency?   Who has more
S ably and triumphantly sustained the principle con-
j tained in the bill, of the progressive payment of
gold and silver for taxes and duties?   Who has
■ more impartially defended the duty of Govern-
ment to preserve our legal currency, and not to
1 embark on the wide ocean of a paper currency?
I The gentlemen, in their eagerness to deceive the
public, (and all for their love of the people, main-
, tain and proclaim that this currency, of gold and
silver, was only for the office holders. But what is
the truth? Why, sir, of the whole collection, not
one-tenth part of it goes to the office holders. To
whom, then, is it paid? T. Government creditors.
And who are thej?   The war-worn soldier of the
, Revolution, whose services a country's gratitude
placed on the pension list, calls upon a pension
agent at Natchez (for example) for his small pit-
tance, and is paid in the bank paper of tbat city,
fifteen per cent, below the value of gold and silver.
And the soldier and volunteer, who now fights un-
der the scorching sun of Florida, is to be paid in
depreciated paper; and the sailor, too, "whose
march is on the mountain wave, whose home is on
the deep." And shall I go farther, and tell you
that the mechanic and the laborer, who toils from
morn to eve, is to meet the same fate, if the system
advocated by the Opposition is to prpvail? Is such
to be the currency of this country? Is this even-
handed justice?
GLOBE.                                           641
H. of Reps.
Second. They allege that it will destroy the banks,
credit, and currency of the country.
How is this possible? The collection of twenty-
five millions in gold and silver, throughout the
Union, can have but little effect upon these institu-
tions, one way or the other, and none whatever
upon those that are solvent and prudent in their bu-
siness. It is admitted, on all sides, that at no time
can there be more than fire millions of specie
(when the whole dues are paid in this currency) in
the Treasury, and the progressive principle con-
tained in the bill will give the banks ample time to
prepare for the change.
Some gentlemen seem very much alarmed that
this amount of gold and silver, that would remain
in the Treasury, might seriously affect the specie
basis of the banks. One moment's reflection must
dissipate such fears, if any do really exist. Assume
that five millions in fourty-four are in the Trea-
sury—how much, to supply this deficiency, would
each bank have to purchase? We have nine hun-
dred banks, whose capital is $358,000,000; and one
and a half percent, upon their capital would supply
■ that abstraction.    Is it not well known that the
State banks, when they were selected as deposito-
s  ries, immediately enlarged their specie basis, by
i purchasing bullion from abroad? and surely it can
be no hardship for these institutions to add this
t small amount to their specie basis.   In addition to
i this, it enlarges our legal currency—an effect de-
| voutly to be desired.
It will destroy credit.   This proposition ia so
i wild and irrational, that I am sure I need not de-
tain you long upon its examination. How is it to
destroy credit? Is it because the Government
fands are not to be any longer used by banks?
Is it because she will not countenance unsound in-
stitutions ? I can imagine no other argument; and
it is so brittle that it breaks with its own weight.
I understand perfectly well, Mr. Chairman, the ob-
ject of the effort made to ascribe to this bill the ef- *
feet of destroying credit. It is for the purpose of
carrying forth to the country the idea that the
friends of this measure are opposed to all credit.
It is not true; the charge is without the slightest
foundation. No one has ever questioned the va-
lue of credit, so far as it contributes to advance
productive industry, encourages a rational spirit of
enterprise, and adds to the industrial capital of
the country; but when, by legislation, you create
means by which you can obtain credit, beyond
the legitimate wants of the country, it will pro-
duce evils, and under those evils we are now suf-
fering; and which, we contend, eall loudly and
strikingly for reformation. The credit system has
been abused—has been inflated. Its abnse and
inflation have been effected bv an unnecessary in-
crease of banking capital, (fifty per cent, of which '
is fictitious,) not for the advancement of the real
wealth of the country, but to open avenues by '
which the reckless speculator may draw means to
purchase our public domain, unproductive to him;
by which individuals have been enticed from their
usual avocations, to engage in business less labo-
rious, but with a false hope of being more pro-
ductive, and without any capital; by watch the
importer could flood our country with foreign pro-
ducts, and by which the luxurious and unproductive
class could revel in their pleasures. Whatever
amount of credit and capital is necessary to give
full efficacy and power to all the branches of in-
dustry, should be encouraged and fostered; and,
in the language of a celebrated authtr, "the un-
dertakers of industry are really the heart of the
body politic, and their capital is its blood."
The President, in his special message, hold* this'
language on the credit system: "In expressing these
sentiments, I design not to undervalue the benefits'
of a salutary credit to any branch of enterprise.
The ciedit bestowed on probity and industry is the
just reward of merit, and an honorable incentive to
further acquisition; none oppose-'it who leve their
country, and understand its welfare. But when it
is unduly encouraged; when it is made to inflame
the public mind with me temptation of sudden and
unsubstantial wealth; when it turns industry into
paths that lead sooner or later to disappointment
aBd distress, it becomes liable to censure, and needs
correction.   Far ftwn helping probity and indas-
