eso
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1I4Ó
26ra Coko.......1st Sbss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Rhtlt.
H. of Reps.
people to rule themselves. Undoubtedly, as one
of the means to accomplish this end, the m re
will e-f a majority may be resorted to, and ought
to be resorted to, whenever the interests of ine
Majority and minority are the same. In such
a case, the minority are safe; for the majority
cannot oppress them without oppressing them-
selves. Bui whenever the interest; of the ma] -
rtty and minority are variant, experience has proved
that power can no more be trusted in the hands of
many thai in the hand of one man. The minority
will be rated, and will not rale themselves; and
they may be ruled by those whose interests ar* pro-
moted by their oppression, and whose power de-
penda on their subjection. Now, to say, under such
eticnmstaBces, that a minority are free, even though
they may not b* oppressed, is a gross abuse of
terms. They will be laboring under a despotism
which, if nséd to promote the welfare of the majo-
rity, as all history proves to be the nsual course of
things, may prove far more remorjelets and grind-
tax than trie rate cf a single individual. What is
a despotism? It is mere arbitrary power. Will
that Government be less a despotism, because ma-
ay, instead of one or a few, control it arbitrarily?
Was Athens more free nnder her thirty tyrants
than under Pisiitratu ? The numbers who rule
arbitrarily are nothing to the principle. Liberty
consists in self government; and the end of a Re-
public or Democracy is to secure this great privi-
lege to all—to the minority as will as the majority;
and whenever this end is not secured, where there
are peculiar interests belonging to any portion of
the people to be protected, the Government, what-
ever it may be to others, whatever its form, is to
them a despotism. The truth i?, sir, wis no-
tion of tin arbitrary will of a majority produc-
ing liberty, is not only inconsistent with Demo-
cracy, but with the ends of all civil society and
government, and the object of a written Con-
stitution. Why do men form themselves into
soeieiy, and submit to government? Is it not
to obtain protection from injustice and oppres-
sion? And why do they form a written Constitu-
tion? Is not the end the same—protection?—and
in a popular Government, where power, if un-
controlled, is aH in the hands of the majority, for
what parpóse make a Constitution, which is no-
thing bt t a bacd'e of limitations upon power, if
it is not to protect in iheir rights the minority,
whose interests may b? different from thote of the
majority? The majority need no protection by a
Constitution, for they can protect themselves. All
the checks and balances in a Constitution are de-
signed to protect those who, from position or weak-
aess, may be exposed to injustice, and to secure to
ail the privilege of self government; and if these
ends are not secured to the minority, the leading
object of all society and all good Government and
of a written Constitution, is entirely lost to tbem.
The Constitution of the United States correctly
exemplifies all these principles. It the will of a
majority would have been liberty to all the people
of the United States, the Constan ion could have
been written on a half sheet of paper. What
constituted the great difficulty in forming it, and
occasioned its jealous limitation* and distribution rf
powerrf? Why, sir, it was to secare liberty to all,
by eoaaieraetiBg, not by ealorctcg, this very princi-
ple of the will ot the majority, which has been
represented as the essence of Democracy. The
people of the States, inhabiting a vast extent
of territory—embracing various latitudes and cli-
mates—were interested in dissimilar productions—
aad employed in different pursuits of industry. To
have established the will of a simple aggregate
majority, as the principle of government over such
a people, would be nothing else but a despotism. It
was clear that they could rule themselves only by
being left to the control of those interests peculiar to
the different sections of the Confederacy, and that
those powers rf Government only could be safety
intrusted to a Federal head, winch were general to
all the sections, and which, in their exercise, would
affect ihem all equally. This is the whole theory
of the Constitution. No one in in-? convention
which formed it, venture 1 to propose the will of a
majority as its basis; and those who were most
)«■&> of liberty, wad fewfal oí anconlreUvd pav-
er—the Republican parly—were for granting the
least powers to ihe Constitution. Democracy, wnh
them, was self-government to all—not the domi-
nion of a part of the peeple; and they foresaw,
that the more power was thrown into the hands of
the Federal Government, the more irresponsible it
would become—the weaker would be the sections
—and the more exposed their peculiar iniere-ts to
the aggression of the majority, whose interests
might be opposed to theirs. And th« same diffe-
rence in policy, actuated the Republican party af-
ter the Constitution went into operation. The Fe-
deral party have been struggling from its origin to
break down ths limitations of the Constitution by
construction—to resolve all its powers into 'the
general welfare," and thus establish the dominion
of a majority of all the people of the United States
as the principle of the Government. On the con-
trary, the Republican or Democratic party have
endeavored to maintain the limitations of the Con-
stitution, and thus afford that protection which the
Constitution intended to secure to the minority—
and to all the people of the Union the privilege of
self-government. In this view it is that the orga-
nization of the Senate, the requisition of two-thuds
to alter the Constitution, and the establishment of
a President—which gentlemen instanced to prove
that this Government was not Democratic—are
in strict conformity to lb* cardinal principles of
Democracy. Jealousy of all power, distribution
of power and checks upon power, are its chief in-
struments for g ving and maintaining liberty to the
citizens. Our Government is strictly a Federal
representative Democracy.
If these principles, Mr. Chairman, be correct,
we are not to look to the varying acts or usurpa-
tions of a majority in Congress, for what consti-
tutes Democracy or Republicanism; but we must
look to the Constitution, and to those measures and
principles which protect all, from the oppression or
plunder of a part—carrying out in its highest sense,
the maxim of "the greatest good to the greatest
number," as the criterion of legislation and Go-
vernment.
Let us now turn to the ami Republican fea-
tures of the bill before the committee.
The bill, it is^aid, is anti-Republican, because it
takes power from the people which ought to be
reserved to them, and separates them from the Go-
vernment. The principle laid down is certainly
good. No more power than what is absolutely
necessary, should be taken from the people; and
they should he thoroughly identified with their Go-
vernment. Bit is taking power from the banks
taking it from the people, or a reparation of the
Government from the bank:, a separation from the
people? The position takej for granted, that the
banks are the people. Bat if the banks are not
Ihe people, but corporate institutes independent of
them, it would seem to follow, that any connection
of the Government with tbem, would be separating
the Government from the people, and giving
it by the association, new elements of power,
which might be dangerous to their liberties.
The people are far more identified with fiscal
officers, a* their instruments for collecting
the revenue of the Government, who are d rect-
ly responsib'e to them, than with banks who are
entirely independent of their control. The truth is,
that those who oppose the connection of the Go-
vernment with banks, oppose it on the very ground
gentlemen affect to assume, in advectting it—the
anti-Republican tendency of the connection. It
adds power to the Execuiive and this Government,
which ought to be reserved to the people or the
Stages. It separates the Government from the peo-
ple, by linking it to corporations irresponsible to
them. On the contrary, to use officers responsib'e
to the people, is the only method of collecting the
revenue consistent with the principles of the Go-
vernment. The theory of a representative Go-
vernment is, that the people govern through their
agents, whose acts are their acts. The whole Go-
vernment and all its officers are theirs. Ultimate
responsibility 10 the people is that which assimi-
lates them with their Government, and constitutes
the great principle of their self-government; and
that measure alone is anti-Republican which is
clwractarijad by jrrwpoaaibiliiy to tbw power,
But all free Governments, it is said, use banks
as their fi cal agents, while depots use treasurer*,
to collect and disburse their revenues. If this was
true, it would prove nothing, unless it ran be shown
that there is something in banks very dangerous to
the revenues of a despot, and rafe for those of a
free people: and further, that under a written
Constitution like our.*, the authority exists
for Congress to establish a United States
Bank, or to sanction a connection with the
State banks. But is it true that any Govern-
ments in the world pursue the policy recommended
by the opponents of the bill, and use banks as their
fiscal agents and deposiione^, over which they have
uo control? I think, sir, no such anomaly or ex-
ample exists. It dues not exist in France, where
the Government has entire control over the Bank
in France. It does not exist in England, for there,
the Government has borrowed the whole capital of
the Bank of England; and the bank is, to all intents
and purposes, a Government institution. Both in
England and France then, the agents employed to
keep and disburse the revenues, are responsible to
the Government. Is this so here? Was the United
States Bank formerly, or are the State banks now,
responsible to this Government? or do gentlemen
propose to make them so by legislation? Far from
it. The supposed independence of these institutions
of the Government is, in their estimation, one of
their chief recommendations.
It is further utged, that this bill is auti-Republi-
can, because its tendency is to ruin the banking in-
stitutions of the States. If any one maintains
such a proposition as the consequence of the regu-
lar action of this bill, in collecting and paying out
the revenue in specie, for one I must decline an-
swering him. Nothing can be more silly and mom
vain than to combat fancy with argument. But if,
in this position, allusion in made to the propos tion
to render the State banks amenable to a bankrupt
law passed by this Government, I answtr, that
there is no such measure proposed in this bill—
and if it was, such an act, in my opinion, would
be unconstitutional; and however necessary regu-
lation and control might be to these institutions,
they are not responsible to this Government. The
sovereignties which created, alone can destroy
them; and I will not consent that their privileges
or existence shall be touched, mnch less be over-
thro wn by the action of this Government; and snch,
undoubtedly, is the opinion of a decided majority
in this House. If it was an open question, whether
the States have a right to establii-h these corpora-
tions, by whose instrumentality the cuirency of the
Constitution may be driven out of circulation, I
might pause to consider it; but the long exercise of
the power by the States, coeval with the Govern-
ment, should render it indisputable. Nor, sir, can
I see any force in the objection of the gentleman
from Massachusetts (Mr. Cdshing) that the dttign
of the bill is to overthrow, incidentally, the banks
of the States, and is therefore unconstitutional and
anti-Republican. The incidental effects must not
be confounde.l with the intention of the bill. If
the bill, under the disguise of collecting the revenue
in specie, is intended in reaiity to act upon the
banks, I concede that it would be unconstitutional;
but if the object be in good faith to carry into ef-
fect the constitutional duty of collecting and dis-
bursing the revenue of the country, it is perfectly
constitutional, even though there may be some in-
cidental effect upon the State banks produced by
its operation. As far as I know the intention of
those who suppoit the bill, they will pass this bill
with a view tc this Government; and, in their opi-
nion, its effect upon the banking institutions of the
S'atrs will be very insignificant.
Mr. Chairman, in connection with the revenue,
the subject of direct taxation has been introduced.
It has been said that this bill has the tendency to
accumulate taxes on the people, increase the
exp«nses of collection, and produce embezzlement
and waste. I think its influence will be
directly the contrary, when compared with the
methods of keeping and disbursing the public
revenue, gentlemen opposed to it propose. But I
admit that there is a tendency to accumulate taxes
on the people, and to waste it on profligate and on-
copiUtntionai wtwnej} thatttBdanejr Qrifioaias in
