652
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
26th Cong." 1st Sess.
jeney is only the instrument by which commodities  f
are booeut and sold; and if abundant, prices must
rise.   When this takss place so as to aflVct the sale   I
of internal productions, competing with the produc-  I
tionsof other nations, i he true remedy is, to take   ;
away the cause which has occasioned the evil—.
reduce the currency.   Bat unfottunately the pro-
ducers of the country do not control the currency.
It is surrendered into the hands of irresponsible cor-
porations, whose interest it is to keep out an ex-
panded currency. The manufacturers of the North-
ern and Middle States, instead of  applying ihe
proper remedy at home, have hitherto found it
easier to come to the General Government; and by
baring the taxes increased on foreign importations,
render the foreign fabric higher in price than the ,
commodities they produce with the infla'ed curren-
cy, and thus sustain themselves without conflict
with the banks.   Now, if our system of indirect
taxation, by laying duties on imports, did not exist,
tbeannof the Government could not be used, by
taxes on importations, to sustain forced prices at
the expense of the people, who consume the com-   \
modities; and the manufacturers, in common with  '
all other producers, would be interested in correct-  ¡
ing the evils of the banking system.   As matters  ¡
now stand, they are its allies,   and the people
are oppressed by boih—first, by an inilated currency
by the banks, and then by taxation, at the instance
of the manufacturers,  by  which it is sustained.   'j
The effort ot the manufacturers is ta exempt them-    I
selves from the evils of an inflated currency, and   !
to indemnify themselves by hish prices exacted   '
from the people, for the increased prices in the pre-   I
cess of manufacturing occasioned by the banks.
The people are plundered by both.
The people are plundered by both; and yet, sir,
with that contempt for those who submit to our
ivposition, it has been broadly maintained that
they are the best friends of the people; that the peo-
ple are benefited in being compelled to pay on all
the necessities of life, enormous taxa'ion, in wder
that the privileged few, who own banks and facto-
ries, might amass wealth; and that high wages to
labor occasioned by bank expansions, even though
it may be accompanied with higher proportionate
taxation, is favorable to its interests. It will be
difficult to perceive what the laborer gains by hav-
ing higher wages, if all he comumes is raised also
in price; whilst his loss is certain, unless his wages (J
are sufficient, not only to cover the increased prices
in every thing, occasioned by an inflated currency,
but also the increised prices occasioned by taxation.
Bat admitting ihat high prices from an inflated cur-
rency are beneficial to labor, nothing can be clearer i
than that it is impossible to sustain them, ruder a
system of free intercourse between nations. A
commodity produced under a more limited cur-
rency, by which labor and capital are rendered
cheaper, will infallibly undersell' a commidity
produced under an inflated currency, by which
labor and capital are rendered dearer; and
when these commodities come into competi-
tion, the result is inevitab'e. Prices must fall to
the standard of the cheaper currency, and the com-
modity produced under the inflated currency, must j;
sail at er near these prices, or sel not at all. It is,
therefore, clearly beyond the power of banks to
sustain high prices and high wages. Convulsions
in trade rather, by which pricts may be unnatural-
ly depressed, are the legitimate fruits of an ex- j
paaded paper currency. The manufacturers are i
perfectly aware of this; hence, they do not apply to '
banks to issue more paper to sustain prices, bnt
they eome to the Government and demand heavy
taxation on the foreign commodity, in order that it
might be excluded from the country, and thr peo-
ple be forced to buy the article they produce, at the
prices'ofan inflated currency. It is in this way
that taxation, enormous taxation, and not our pa-
per currency, has sustained high wages and high
prices, in the manufacturing portions of the Union;
and the question resolves itself into this: is it be-
neficial to labor that prices should be increased by
taxation? Can the people gain by taking from
them? If so, then the more taxation and the dearer
commodities are made by it, the better for the peo-
ple Yet, this strange paradox has its advocate in
Pfnj manafacttuer in Hew gnglind,   Formerly
Independent Treasury—Mr. Rhett.
men plundered by open violence.   It is now beáer
done bv quitt legislation.
Mr. Chairman, although paper in some form or
other will be used for circulation in a free conn ry,
where credit is property, it cannot be shown that
our banking system is beneficial to tha people. The
usí of currency is to circulate the productions of
labor and capital; and provided there is enough of
it for this purpose, increasing or expanding it, can-
not make it better. Stability is all that is needed. Sup-
pose, sir, a million of people forminsr a community,
and a million of dollars will answer the purposes of
circulation. The power of seining up a bank is
given to a single wealthy individual, who gradual-
ly gets in the million of specie, and issues in its
stead three millions of paper currency, what will
the people gain by it? Every thing will be trebled
in price, for there are. three dollars in circulation
where there was one before; but will one man by
ihe operation be added to the community, or a \ arid
of cloth, or a shock of corn more, be added to its
productions? Clearly not. On thi contrary, in
consequence of the high prices occasioned by the
paper currency, a premium will be afforded to fo-
reign productions which will come in and undersell
the domestic producer. Business in the communi-
ty wiil stagnate, labor b?. oppressed, and errrgration
ensue. Tke great father of political economy siw
c'early that a community could not be enriched or
1 enefitrd by merely increasing the currency. Tee
utility of a paper currency, in hi* estimation, con-
sisted only in substituting paper for a part of the
metals, not in increasing the currency. By disen-
gaging a portion of the metals used as currency
from this employment, and substituting so much
I aper in its stead, the specie could be exported, and
would therefore add so much to the capital of the
country. A cheaper would be substituted for a
dearer currency. This is his theory, but he ^eems
to have entirely overlooked the irresistible impulses
to overissues in the banking system, from whirh
bank paper will not be limited to a substitution for
the metals withdrawn, but lends continually to an
addition t> the currency, which swells, and swells,
until arres'ed by cenvulsion.
The people, then, gain but little by a paper cur-
rency, even if it was as stable as a metallic cur-
rer.cj. But theie is another loss from the varia-
bility of bank currency, which should be taken into
consideration in ca'culating its benefits. Indepen-
dently of its inherent tendency to excess, to
which I have already adverted, look to its fluctua-
tions, from the ordinary operations of commerce.
Generally speaking, productions are paid for by
production?—the exports of a country buy the im-
ports; and in this stale of things, exchange between
two countries will ba equal. But occasionally
from the seasons, or sorne other cause, a nation
imports from other nations more than it expoits.
The exchange is against such a country. It be-
comes a debtor to the amount of importation ov r
exportation; and Ihe debt is paid, not by bank pa-
per, which is m.*ney only in the country in which
it circulates, but in that which is money every
where—specie. Now suppose, sir, a deficiency of
production in grain in such a country as Fiance,
where a metallic currency, prevails, of six millions
of dollars—what would be the effect of abs'racting
from her circulation this amount? Tne shock to
the currency could not possibly exceed that which
an abstraction of six millions of dollars might oc-
casion; and this abstraction may produce no shock
at all; for in consequence of a diminished produc-
tion in that country, the currency ought to be
lessened to keep price  stable. There will be a
portion of the specie not wanted for circulation,
which would be i.ijuricus if retained in the country,
and which will be best employed in goins out, and
bringing into France the grain needed for subsis-
tence. But suppose a deficiency of grain in ¡he
productions of the United States, where a paper
currency prevails of six millions of dollars—what
is the effect upon the currency? The abstraction of
six millions of specie, does not affect the currency
to ihe amount of six millions. It is the basis of at
least eighteen millions of bank paper, which must
be taken from the circulation with the specie. And
so also is tbe effect of exchange upon the creditor
country,   Where the currency is metallic, and
____________________________H. of Reps.
there is .six millions of excels of production which
is sold to anot'ier nation, there will be an addition
to the  currency   of  six  millions of dollars: but
where it is paper, the impcrtation of  six millions
of specie adds eighteen  millions to the currency.
The consequences are inevitable.     More convul-
sion*—a greater contraction and expansion of the
: currency, in  a paper than in a metallic currency.
j  From the operations of   foreign exehange, the ef-
| fects are treble more on the one than on the other.
I      Mr. Chairman, ihe fluctuations in the currency
I operate with terriMe hard?h p on those who possess
property.    All  the  relations  between  debtor and
creditor are subverted.   A man's bond may be sud-
denly doubled on him; or his creditor, when   paid,
may get but a half of it, from the alteration in the
circulating medium.    It is impossible to compute
the loss sustained, and th; injustice perpetrated, by
, a single convulsion in the currency, on the proper-
jj ty of the coumn; but its effects  upon the poorer
'.' c'asses of the community are still greater than upon
| tho^e possessing property.    If th; laboring manís
11 affected, in proportion to his income, no more than
j the man of prof eriy, lie suffers far more.     A loss
; of one thousand, from an income of two thousand
i dollars, may be bad enough, but it is tolerable—for
| with prudence, the ends of the year can easily be
¡ made to meet.    But a loss of one hundred and fifty
¡ dollars, from an income of three hundred, may be
I ruinous.   Three hundred dollars may be absolutely
i necessary for a laboring man, to feed and support
his  family.     With the one,  it may be a ques-
tion   of superfluity—-villi    the   other,   of   bread.
But  the effects  of   a    fluctuating   currency   do
noi stop here.     \Vh:n the currency expand*, the
!   wages of iabor do not immediately increase in pro-
1   portion to th  prices of commodities or the profits
■   of capital.    And the reasons are obvious.    Wages
!i follow cpital. They are not increased until capital
I, ¡i productive; and they will increase, not in pr«-
;! poition  to the profit of capital, but according to
¡i the interests of the capitalist and ihe average price
:', of labor.   If the laborer could know what the pro-
,   fits of capital were, he ecu d not obtain from his
!   employer an increase of wages, if other laborers
could be ob aioed, who would work for the wages
he received.   Hence it may occur, as the state of
things in Europe daily proves, that enormous for-
tunes may b*. rapidly  accurau'ating, and yet the
laborer, from the competition of labor with itself,
may be continually hovering over  the brink of
starvation.     Every   improvement in   machineiy
adds to the profits of capital, but diminishes ihe
wages of labor, by throwing it out of employment.
The wages of labor will not therefore be increased
in proportion as prices rúe from an inflated cur-
rency; and when the currency is contracted, the la-
borer will not be the last to feel the  fall of prices.
He is liable not only to diminished wages, but  to a
discharge from employment.    His daily bread—
life itself is risked in the reverse.    But what does
capital suffer if it suspends employment?   It loses
its profits.   It cannot eat.   Is it not astonishing,
sir, that a paper currency, such as exists in these
United States, more liable to fluctuations than any
in the world, should be  advocated as most especi-
ally beneficial to the laborer—the peculiar blessing
of the poor.   Why, the very stones m yonr streets,
where your factories exist, might cry out against
t:ie cruel fallacy.
Exaggeration is the usual resort of a weak
cause, and the eulogists of the banking system
have not failed to use it egregiously. Banking has
been represented as the parent of civilization, the
bulwark of liberty, and the mighty instrument by
which England was carried through her struggle
with Napoleón, and the United States through
their two wars.
Undoubtedly, Mr. Chairman, banking (not such
however af exists in the United States) arose with
modern civilization and commerce, and so did the
art of making chimneys and gunpowder. Gen-
tlemen have only mistaken the effect for the canse.
Security to property, resulting from fixed laws,
produced its accumulation. The safety and accu-
mulation of property produced commerce, and
commerce invented ihe means of carrrying on its
operations. Bills of exchange, by which capital
was transferred from one country to another, with*
