June, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
653
£6th Cono* ••• 1st. Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Hasting .
H. of Reps.
out transporting the metal?; and banking, by wmch
a similar conv menee wa* effecttd in tne bus'ness
of comtneice nearer home, sprung up in us course.
la the dajs ot feudal pude aud   power, com-
merce was eshemed degrading, and  was  ihere-
fore leit by the nubility entirely in the hands ot the
people inhabiting the towns.   As commerce ex-
tended and the towns mcieasel, the power of the
people advanced.   Privileges in their favor, which
were in lact only pnvi eges from violence and op-
pression, were multiplied; sometimes bought by
money; sometimes won  by ihe sword; and the
spirit of ltbeity arose with the stnie aiid success.
Banking was   only one of t'¡e indications that
liberty in some degiee exited, uadet which ihere
was security to the person and property.   Tnis,
sir, it appears to me, is the true esiitiia'e of ihe
banking of former ages.    Until the Bank of Eng-
land was established, no bank in Europe was a
baik  of  ístue.      lhey   were    only   banks   of
discount   «tad   d p„si e,    aud  dohar   for   dollar
was    the   principle   on     which    they    existed.
Modern   English   banking,   or   Amencan  bank-
ing, which is an improvement on English banking,
is quite another ihng.    Greair, not specie, is its
baás; and ihe only use oí the metals is to describe
thsm on paper, not to psy ¡hem  on   demand, ex-
cepting when quite convenient.    Will such a sys-
tem of banking  lend more  to give security to pro-
perty or to destroy it; to secure liberty to ihe citizen,
or to overturn it by ihe profligacy and corruption
such a system engenders?
England was carried through her last continental
war by her bank !—a bank which suspetded at the
first shock in '97, and whose paper was depreciated
during the whole continuance oi the war, and for
five years after. But Farhament restrained it from
paying specie! Just, sir, as the people of Charles-
ton, a few years since, restrained, the banks oí ihat
city from paying specie. Backs, where ihey can
command, know very well how to make appear-
ances. The Government of England had borrowed
die whole capital of the bank, and the bank had
only to require of the Government to pay up their
indebtedness, or legalize a su-pension. Their debtor
of course bowed to their commands; and ihe form
ia which the act was passed, more clearly shows
that the bank d.ctated it. I thought the prosperity
of England during this evm'ful struggle, was attri-
butable to the fact, that she was the only spot in
Europe unscathed by the fires of war; and that
whilst industry and labor were para!> zed on the con-
tinent, she became the carrier of nations and the
workshop of the world.
And our two wars, particularly the Revolutionary
war, was sustained and triumphed by the aid of
banks! The Bank of North America, with a capital
of only four hundred thousand dollars, was incorpo-
rated on the 31st of December, 1781, after the sur-
render of Lord Cornwallis at Yorkiown, and only
nine months before the war closed.   During the
last war, the banks had certainly more to do with
ns.   As soon as the war commenced, they suspend-
ed specie payments; and when the Government,
compelled by its nece-sities, negotiated loans from
them, it was compelled to take in payment for its
stock, their notes at par, although at fifteen and
twenty per cent, discount.   The credit of the Go-
vernment by their combinations, controlling as they
did the whole credit and currency of the country,
then passed at some  thirty per cent, below specie.
Not less than from thirty to iorty millions, was lost
to the Government by these operations, on the debt
we contracted to carry on the war.   "Bat what
then," exclaims the gentleman from Maine—"this
depreciated currency carried us through the war.
Business was done by it, and we gamed by our
ability te do business hundreds of millions of dol-
lars." Certainly, sir, a depreciated bank currency is
better than no currency at all, which is the compa-
rison I «uppose by which the gentleman estimates
our gam from using it.    But suppose a sound cur-
rency had existed, which the people had a right to
demand from the banks, for this was the purpose
and condition of their charters, would not business
have been as well done, and the Government have
been saved the loss it sustained from their depre-
ciated paper?    If the gentleman had  said that
hundreds of millions of  dollars had  been lost
by the people, instead of gained from d*pre-
cia'ed bank paper during the war, he would
have been much nearer right in his pcsuion.
This paper constituted the sole currency of ihe
country, and settled contracts as if it was
specie. Who can esiimale the lo^.s sustained
by the people, in the transactions ot business from
a depreciated and depreciating paper cuirercy, for
the years the banks he'd the country under the
hard pressure of suspension?
Mr. Cnairman, having   thus expressed my opi-
nion  upon the  system of banking   in the United
States, ihe ques'ion may well be asked me, Are you
opposed to all bank.n^?    J am opposed to all pri-
vileged bank ng, and to all banking irresponsible lo
the peopli.   It is a commoa misrake to suppose
that charters  are necessary  lor banking.     Tnere
was, until a few years since,  but one chartered
bank in Great  Br,tain, while there were hundieds
of banks in the empire.   Mr. Girard, oí  Philadel-
phia, never deigned to ask a charier for his baok.
I do not think'hat the credit  ot  individuals Goull
be prohioited from being used in banking, without
such an entrenchment on the lights of individuals
as I am not prepared to see exercised.    At the same
time, as the currency affects the people, and is an
interest common to all, al! ought to have the pow-
er ot protecting themselves from i's abuses. While,
therefore, priv le^es for banking ought to be given
to none, restrictions and regulauons ought to be laid
up in credit when used in banking, which will pro-
tect the people from frauds and fluctuations.    Pa-
per, in some shape or oiher, will be used in the
larger transactions of commerce; and nothing can
1 prevent it, but such an interference  with  the con-
duct <>f individuals, as would be more intolerable
than the evils of a bad currency.    In the  largest
manufacturing counties of England, almost all the
bus-mess done in them, is by the paper ot individu-
als.    But all the difficulties of this great question
—the  whole  subject of banking,  belongs  to the
States.   This Government  was des gned  to be a
hard nwmey Government; and  the bill be/ore the
committee, is intended to restore it to its constitu-
tional functions.   The alternative presented by Us
opponen's, of a United States Bank, combines the
two most odious features which  any measure can
present to  a people livinsr   under a Repub'iean
frrmof Government—privilege and irresponsibility;
the one, the attribute of an aristocracy, the other,
of a despotism.
5, 1840-r-In
Independ ;nt
committee as
SPEECH OF MR,
OF OHIO
In the Howe •/ Representatives
Committee of the Whole,
Treasury bill.
Mr. HASTINGS addre^ed,
follows:
Mr. Chairman: The provisions and merits of
this bill have been so extensively and ably discuss-
ed and elucidated by so many gentlemen of talents
and ability, that to attempt to tax their patience
with any thing more in that way would stem un-
called for, and m truth, I did not intend to have
said a word upon the subject, knowing that this
would be the cise; but now that the discussion is
drawing to a clos.e, anl perceiving that a few eon-
s'deraticns belonging to, or connected with, the
bill, have not been adverted to, and one deeply im-
portant one—one that has produced the necessity
of the measure itself in part'cular, and which, in
the course of the few remarks 1 shall malte, and 1
will not detain the committee but a short time, I
wi'l endeavor to explain. But I am a plain man
and willeome to the po nt and proceed at once.
In the course of this debate, gentlemen have
said, I do not now remember exactly who, that the
intention of th;s bill is to unbank the banks; to
make one currency for the Government and an-
other for the pe pie; that it is to have the effect of
a political engme; that it is to favor the manufac-
turing capitalist and the commercial capitalist at
the expense of the working community; and that
it will keep five millions ot dollars always out of
circulation: all which charges have been so entire-
ly confuted during the debate on this floor by the
advocates of the bill, that there seems to be no oc-
casion or necessity (or any iurther remarks
upon the subject. For mytelf, Mr. Chairman,
I have read over and examined the bill very
attentively, more th.in once, and it is precisely and
simply whai it purports to be; " An act to provide
for the collection, safekeeping, transfer, and dis-
bursement ot the public revenue." 1 can make
nothing else out ot it; it speaks plain enough
what it is. It is true it will prevent the public
revenue, the money which comes out of the pock-
et> of the people, and, u innately, from the la-
bor of the workers, to pay the public expenses,
from asM-.ting in the hazardous exploits, and
mismanagement, and tortuous movements and
specu aliuiio of banking interests, which we have
so Ions* experienced Is it wrong or unjust lo
keep the people's money proper, which is col-
lected off the people lo detray the expenses of
their Government, among ihemse ves, instead of
placing it at hazard? Surely, no one will say
so; and this ia what this bill will do; and, in do-
ing so, it will incidentally be otherwise salutary in
its operations. Ii can have nothing in view either
about banking banks oi unbanking them. If
there is any unbanking about it, the banks have
been unbanking themselves ever since ihe 10th day
of May three years ago, when ihey suspended
specie payments. In lact, by keeping up the
every day circulation of com, it will incidental-
ly be favorable to such banks as will confine
their operation to their legitimae business—that
is, discounting business paper, instead of renewa-
ble ace immcdation paper.
As to i s being a polit'cal engine: if to keep
twenty or five-and-twent) millions of the people's
money—the public revenues, in constant circuía-
la t ion, in the shape of go'd and silver, instead
of being in the clutchfs of ihe banks, will make it
a political engine, it will be one, and a very
usefal one, too—one that will keep up au every-
day intercourse between the people and their Go-
vernment, ihrough the medium of ihe same curren-
cy; and if n does keep from three to five millions
always in the Treasury, the confidence it will cre-
ate will briBg into circulation—beside the revenues
—a much greater sum, ihree or four times, per-
haps, that is now shut up in thrifty cautiousness;
and so.' ar from favoring the capitalist at the ex-
pence of the workers—by keeping a more due pro-
portion of coin in circulation—it will go tar toward
restoring and keeping up the equilibrium which has
herttofore preponderated so heavily m favor of the
capitalist, through the partial operations of bank-
ing.
It has been asserted, that this important measure
of detaching the people's money from the risks of
banking, and keeping it always at the command of
the Government in the hands of responsible agente,
is not demanded—net wanted. I am not surprised
at this—some do not want it, wt know. The
banker docs not want it, neither does the broker;
ihe rank usurer dues not want it, neither does the
shaver who becomes rich on ih-i distresses of his
fallow men; the hazardous, reckless speculator is
opposed to it, and so is iha young, sanguine, íncon-
siteiat", airy-caslle-building merchani; but the
r'ght thinking, shrewd, industrious one, who *a-
("c standi the true stable interests of his pursuit, is
in favor of it; for it may be, to a degree, a salujkry
restraint upon overtrading. The ingenious me-
chanic demands it; the persevering manufacturer
demands it; the toiling laborer demands it; and the
indus'nous farmer demand  it; and these are the
supporters of cur independence and prosperity.
Truth demands it, and justice imperiously demands
it, and our wide spread commerce demands it—and
whj? that our products and manufactures may be
the better enabled to compete with those of other
nations ¡n foreign markets, through the increased
impetus and tncouragement that this honest im-
partial regulation will give to these pursuits. It is
a mislake that this bill is not required.
Although much has been said, and is con-
stantly saying, about the causes of the moneyed
derangements and embarrassments which the
country has been laboring under for manv year^
past, yet, we as constantly forget ihat H|i'JL,u
lations upon the subject must std' ^plire them-
selves mto one fact one  m <*te caose-4 nying
more than we sell.   And. the M( que8Ü0¿ ¡«
