658
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1*40.
26TH  CoNG""ltT Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Hastings.
H. of Reps.
on the supposed magnanimity and humanity of a
government that has been held up to oar vision by
Republican representatives on the floor of this
hall, I am sorry to say, as a model of wisdom and
greatness, for oar imitation. If it had been pie-
sented to as as a model of reckless selfishness, it
might have been more applicable. But railing is
not argument, and that there are worthy men be-
longing to that Government, there is no doubt. I
speak of the tendencies of its policy. To the pure
patriotism of Southern gentlemen I need not ap-
peal, for that stands pre-eminent; but I would
point to their interests, which are involved in this
measure as far as it will be doing justice to oar own
manufacturers.
I will now, Mr. Chairman, as briefly as I can,
endeavor to show the more remote, the original,
great moving cause that has brought the country
into its present untoward monetary situation, and
rendered the present bill necessary, and which I al-
luded to in the commencement; and a right under-
standing of which will assist the people in getting
oat of the dilemma, and likewise assist in avoiding
such evils in future.
How happy it is, air, for a people to have the
power, the faculty, of governing themselves, and
doing it wisely and justly, according to the great
principle of free government! We, as a people,
have bad such a power placed in our hands, for
which we should be thankful, but have we been
exercising it wisely and justly? that is the question.
I fear we have not. We have got ourselves into
trouble, almost inexplicable, for want of reflection
—from mere wanton thoughtlessness we might say.
But, happily, it is not too late to begin; and that
beginning must be to inquire where we have erred.
It has been by a wrong estimate, an un-
just exercise of the legitimate power of
the people, as a whole, in conferring that
power apon parts of ourselves called corpora-
tions. Because we most consider ourselves only
as a whole—(the people of a State, I mean—Con-
gress can only act under the Federal Constitution)
—in the exercise of free government; and if we
confer our power as a whole—as one and indivisi-
ble—upon a part of that whole, we are not exer-
cising the power of free government rightfully.
This is obvious; and this we have been doing,
and for which we have been and are being justly
punished. Let us consider—what is free govern-
ment! The power of governing freely, certainly,
whether exercised by a man in his own proper per-
son, or by a body of men associated together for
that parpóse. Bat the latter, in doing so, must act
always as a whole only, and never confer the power
of that whole virtually upon a part; for if they do,
they are no longer free: tbat we have done, and
there is the error we have committed. We diverted
ourselves of that power, and frittered it away upon
parts of ourselves, called corporations, which was
strikingly exemplified when we conferred our power
in the form of a charter upon the United States
Bank, irredeemable for 20 years—not to resume our
power for that period, although the people of any
one cf those 20 years had the same power that we
had when granting the privilege. Hence, the ques-
tion arises, if the people of this day do this, have
the people of a future day the power to rectify it,
to resume their power again? Certainly; but al-
ways in a just manner to those concerned; for jus-
tice is the chief attribute of power. Unquestiona-
bly they have; for if they have not, they are not
governing themselves—there is an end to their free
government. This is, unfortunately, the position of
the American people at this moment. We have
given np to a part of ourselves powers above the
Constitution itself. If I were disposed to indulge
in bitterness ot spirit, I might call this ungrateful
to that Almighty power that permitted us the inesti-
mable blessing of exercising the power of self go-
vernment as a people. It appears to me, Mr.
Chairman, that oar money distractions have been
permitted through this wrong exercise of the power
of the people in the collective capacity, as asso-
ciated together for free government, from the Re-
volution to the present day. But before I proceed
to show that this is the case, I will endeavor to
explain and elucidate as little as may answer the
purpose, of the nature, extent, and exercise of this
power.
The legitimate power of the people is one and
indivisible; they cannot divest themselves of it, for
they are only holding it for posterity; they can-
not confer it on a part, because it belongs only to
the whole; it cannot be, but as a whole—it is al-
ways the same. It is the same in the people of
one period, as in those of another period. The peo-
ple of 1840, *50, or 1900, will have the same power
as those of the present day. It exists in us of to-
day, as it did in those of twenty years ago—always
one and indivisible in the character of Govern-
ment, and this is but just and reasonable; no Re-
public can be permanent upon any other basis; we
cannot be a free people upon any other candition;a
people associated together, every law, every act,
emanates from the whole as one only. It was this
great principle, felt, but not as perfectly un-
derstood as it yet will be, that released us from the
dominion of Britain. It was this great principle
that induced us to set up for ourselves—to become
a free people; to attempt (what the nations of the
old world would fondly believe is only an experi-
ment) to govern ourselves in our own way, ac-
cording to the principles of truth and justice. From
this legitimate power of the people emanate the
Constitutions of the States, which they alter
and amend, or change and build up, to
any extent that may be necessary or desirable,
whenver they please, at any period of time. And
why is this? Because the power of the people, as
a whole, is always the same—it is always as one.
Withal, the atoms which compose this power of
self government are constantly changing; some die,
some are born, some go beyond seas, some come
from beyond seas; but still the legitimate power of
the people, as a whole, is the same. Were the
people of 1820 more infallible than we of 1840? or
are we of 1840 more infallible than those of 1860
may be? or is our power as a people greater than
theirs will be? Will they not have the power and
right to "relieve themselves from any act of ours
that may involve their welfare? Is this very bill
that we are going to pass, to remain unmodified or
unrepealed at a subsequent time, if it should be
deemed necessary? If the advocates of a United
States Bank were the majority, and they should es-
tablish one, and it should become corrupt and op-
pressive, and trench upon and endanger our liber-
ties, as a*former one has done, would not justice to
ourselves demand its abolishment? Do we assume
to ourselves the power of inflicting evils on poste-
rity, and that they shall be irremediable; that our
descendants shall not rid themselves of tbem, even
if they hazard the most sacred of all their rights,
their liberties? And shall we do this under the
sanction and hallowed name of free government?
Why it is a mere mockery, unworthy an intelligent
people. It is the worst kind of despotism—despot-
ism under the mask of liberty. Was it for this
our forefathers of the Revolution, through that sa-
cred instrnment, the Declaration of Independence,
pledged "their lives, their fortunes, and their sa
cred honor?" Is the power of governing ourselves,
as rational beings should, which we wrested from
Britain through the price of blood, which belongs
to us as a whole only, to be lost, frittered away, by
conferring it upon parts of that whole, under par-
tial privileges of contracts, and charters, and vested
rights, erecting petty monarchies in our midst? In
assuming such power, and doing such acts, I, for
one, believe tbat we are incurring a fearful respon-
sibility to that Omnipotence that liberated us from
oppression, and permitted us to enjoy the blessings
that belong to free government.
The Constitution, the instrument which pre-
scribes the action through which we are to govern
ourselves, we alter and amend, whenever we think it
necessary; nay, take it to pieces, and remodel it alto-
gether, if entirely advisable, although I am one of
those who think the framework should never be
touched, unless imperiously demanded; and shall
we confer our power upon a part of ourselves; erect
a species of monarchy under the guise of a bank
charter; place it above that Constitution; consider
it untouchable, unalterable, no matter now dan-
gerous to our liberties, or corrupt it may become;
make a creature greater than the creator? and this
we have been doing from the hour that Alexander
Hamilton, by his funding system, made the first
inroad upon the legitimate power of the people,
until the present day. This is the rock we have
split upon: this injustice, this violation of oar
power, by conferring upon a part what belongs
only to the whole—making creatures, and permu-
ting them to be superior to ourselves—is the cause
of all our monetary miseries from the foundation of
the Government to this moment.
We know that the Constitution of the United
States says, that no State shall make a law impair-
ing the obligation of contracts. Now, if this
means contracts formed between man and
man, or contracts formed wherein the govern-
ment of a State is a party of the same character
as simply between man and man, where both
have the power, it is right; but if it means that
the power of the people as a whole (as one) through
their representatives in one Legislature, can confer
that power on a part, as in the case of charters, or
vested rights, or exclusive privileges of any kind,
for a specified time, to be irresumsble during that
time by a subsequent Legislature, or, in other
words, by the people through the exercise of their
power as a whole, it is unjust; it is a gross violation
of the legitimate power of the people; an outrage
upon the great principle of free government, and
ought to be amended immediately. For, as I have
said before, the power of the people in their collec-
tive capacity belongs only to the whole, and cannot
be conferred upon a part of themselves. This power,
this sacred right of self-government, will be the
same in the people of ten y ears hence as it is in as of
to-day—it was, is, and ever will be, the same.
Yes, sir; the great error we have committed, aad
for which we are now suffering, is that of conler-
ring the power which belongs only to the whole,
upon a part or parts of that whole for a given time,
aad making it inestimable during that period, as in
charters to banks, «fee. inflicting evils, perhaps,
upon posterity, and saying they shall not relieve
themselves from them—depriving the people of an
element of their sovereignty. Could any act be
more unreasonable or unjust, or fatally adverse to
the great principle ef free government? the su-
preme, the sovereign power being in the people at
all times—always one and indivisible. As I have
already said, was it not thisgreat principle that car-
ried us through the Revolution?
Lawyers say that a contract is not binding unless
both parties have the power to make it. Have the
people of this dav, or of this generation, the right
. or the power to contract away the liberties of the
people of another day—another generation? Wi!l
any freeman, any right-thinking man, enter-
tain for a moment the slightest approach to-
ward such a suicidal idea? It is this dire admis-
sion that keeps the people of the old world labor-
ing and struggling on under the wretched oppres-
s ons that are inflicted on them.
But I must not be misunderstood. I do not wish
to leave any thing open to the cavils of the disin-
genuous. I therefore say, plainly, that the obliga-
tion of contracts, as between man and man, I re-
spect as much as any other in the community. But
I say, equally as plainly, that the peeple of one
day, in their sovereign capacity, can confer no
power on a part of themselves that may involve
that sovereignty, but what the people of another
day may resume at pleasure, doing perfect justice
at the same time to all concerned.
However, Mr. Chairman, I will endeavor to il-
lustrate my observations in the way of a supposi-
tion or two. Gentlemen have supposed considera-
bly during these debates, and I hope I will be per-
mitted to do some little in the same way.
Suppose a man bad indulged in chewing tobacco
for some years, but, believing that it was injuring
his constitution, abandoned i , and the palate should
remonstrate against being deprived of the particu-
lar privilege it had enjoyed so long, and demand
its continuance, what would the will say? "I
know that some years ago, at your own importu-
nity, I gratified you with a taste of tobacco, aad
have continued it ever since; but I perceive that,
in doing so, I am disordering the stomach, and con-
sequently doing injustice to my whole system,
therefore I will indulge you no longer."
