Jane, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6S9
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
appropriation Bill—Mr. TV. O. Butler.
H. of Reps.
Or suppose the thing called a dandy should take
it into its head to wear gilt-rimmed spectacles, fan-
cying they would make it look more grave, and
dignified, and consequential, but, after wearing
them sometime, it discovered its mistake and threw
them aside; whereupon the eyes would be dissatis-
fied, and demand a prolongation of what they now
thought proper to term a privilege, what would the
creature reply, if it could reason at all? Probably
something like this: "No, no, my lads; I find, if I
continue to wear spectacles, though it may please
you, it will render my whole person ridiculous, and
ultimately injure yourselves aud weaken your pow-
ers of vision; therefore, in future, you must content
yourselves with the enjoyment of equal rights with
your fellow senses."
And, once more, suppose a man had been in the
habit of drinking to excess for years stimulants of
one or various kinds—hard cider itself sometimes,
perhaps; but, during a'sober interval, reflecting that
he was destroying his constitution and ruining his
affairs, and cruelly distressing his family, he should
form a determination to gratify his depraved taste
no longer, and the taste demanded a continuance of
the practice as a right, a privilege that, through its
own importunity, it had been inadvertently con-
ceded it should enjoy for a long time—what would
the man say and do? "This wfl not do any lon-
ger, my friend; we must reform; in justice to my-
self, I will resume my power, which you have at-
tempted to usurp, and which is the same now that
it was on the day I thoughtlessly placed a part of it
at your disposal. These excesses produce such
expansions and contractions in my brain, like over
and under doses of bank notes in other quarters,
and such painful oppressions and revulsions in my
stomach, through which my being is sustained,
that it will end in convulsions which will prostrate
the whole fabric, including yourself, even unto
dissolution. I have been deceived and misled,
and my confidence abused, and I resume my power."
So it is, Mr.Chairmaa with the body politic—con-
fer its powers upon a part, to be exercised in-
dependently, irresponsibly, and the machine, the
whole system, becomes disordered and deranged;
the favored, the privileged part is selfish—"feels
power and forgets right"—in proportion to the
power conferred upon it, it infringes upon and
weakens the other parts. In a well-regulated
machine, yen cannot increase the power of one
part without weakening the others. The power of
the people, in their collective capacity, always the
same, is the wilt of the man. The depraved, vitiated
taste was near mastering the whole man; and char-
ters, vested rights, and exclusive privileges, through
the action of banks, have been near mastering the
whole people. The struggle is going on yet, and it
is, virtually, as much a struggle for liberty and
independence as was that of the Revolution, with
this difference, however, that the Revolutionary
contest was an effort to release ourselves from the
thraldom of a foreign power, (for Britain had be-
come so to us, from her tyranny and oppression,)
and acquire the power of free government, of go-
verning ourselves; and the present contest is to
release us from a thraldom caused by ourselves;
it is for a resumption of the power which, al-
though belonging to us as a whole, we unwisely
and unjustly conferred ¡upon a parr, in the form of
unrepeatable bank charters. This is the nature of
the present conflict, whether we shall govern our-
selves as a whole people, associated together for
that purpose, or by a part of ourselves—a delusive
paper money atscciation, affiliated with a power
of the same character in a foreign country. This
is the real issue—the vitally important question
which ws are about to decide—liberty or despotism.
These remarks, sir, involve this question, as they
utete intended to do; would the United States Bank,
which, I think, Congress had not the power
to charter, under the Constitution, or the State
banks, have inflicted on the people the adverse cir--
comstanees they did, if they had known that they
could not do it with knpuniiy—might be abolished
whenever the people found that they were no lon-
ger useful or abased the confidence reposed in them,
or no longer answered the purposes for which they
were chartered? Such is the question these remarks
involve.
This, sir, may be called ultraism, or radicalism,
or agrarianism, or any other ism, that the opponents
of free government, who hold the doctrine that the
people are not fit to be trusted with their own liber-
ties, may please. But is it not truth 1 Is it not
justice? If the people are not capable of governing
themselves, what part of them is] There is the
question. But I trust that the people will ponder
upon these reflections that I have laid before their
representatives for that purpose and decide the
great, the vital question of their legitimate power
being always " one and indivisiMe"—wnether
they shall govern themselves a? a whole, or be
governed by a part of themselves through corpora-
tions.
If those hallowed forms that adorn the walls of
your rotundo could spring into life, and pass into
this hall at this moment, what language would their
great minds dictate? Thy reign is done, thou gro-
velling paper despot—'twas we who gave this peo-
ple liberty.
There is one thing, sir, that surprises me greatly
at present, aud that is, to see the attempts and pre-
tences that are made to make people believe that
these are the worst times we have ever experi-
enced, and that produce is to be so cheap that it
will be for the asking, and wages so low that no-
body will work, and that the Government has
|| caused it all, although there is not a word of truth
in the whole of it. Why, such stuff is an insult
to the people's understandings, just as if they
were fools, or had lost their memories and their
senses. I will give you, sir, a few recollections
upon these matters, for I have no time at present
to recur to books and newspapers and hunt up re-
miniscences upon this subject, but if I were at
home, I might recur to the recollections of my
neighbors, and they could tell yon what I will: I
remember reading in Niles's Register and other pa-
pers that wheat in Ohio was as low as 25 to 20,
and even 124 cents a bushel, and corn 10 cents, and
whiskey 15 cents a gallon, and flour, at one time,
only $1 a barrel at Pittsburg, and that it required a
bushel to a bushel and a half of wheat to buy a
pound of coffee, and four or five for a pound of
tea—this was about 1820 or 1821. And what
caused this? bank expansions and contrtionacs, and
panics and revulsions, and breakings and swin-
dlings, and consequent robbings of the working
man's bard earnings. I came into Ohio some
dozen years ago, and I remember, in my own day,
seeing corn at 25 to 181 cents, and wheat from 50
down as low in some instances as 374 cents, if I
recollect right, and oats as low as 15 to 124 cents,
and that in store goods too at from 25 to 60 per
cent, profit. I remember, likewise, hearing fre-
quently, after my arrival, that some time before,
wheat was a drug at 3li to 25 cents a bushel; that
the farmers would have to hawk it about from
store te store to get it disposed of. Do these gentry,
who now pretend to love the hardfisted working
folks almost to adoration—although they are so
widely apart in sympathies and pursuits—remem-
ber any of these matters and their causes? Well, if
they don't or wont, we do; and we remember, too,
that Martin Van Buren, whom Andrew Jackson
sent minister to England for that purpose among
others, made an arrangement, with little hesitation,
for a participation in the trade to her West India
colonies, that assisted to raise the price of bread-
stuffs in our west at once—a desideratum that the
preceding Administration had attempted in vain.
Yes sir, if the wireworkers who affect to love log
cabins and hard cider so intensely cannot remem-
ber these matters, we ean and do—let them bear this
remark in mind. Yes, sir, only pass this bill, so that
the public revenue, consisting of twenty-five mil-
lions of dollars, or whatever it may amonnt to,
may be kept in circulation in honest hard gold and
silver, that the workers may have it for every day
use; and make the duties on foreign merchandise
payable in cash down up#a the nail, that the mer-
chant and British agent may have no advantage
over the farmer and manufacturer; and let the pro-
ducers sell more and buy less; manufacture more
and use more of their own fabrics, and less of
foreign ones, and place banking within the entire
control of t' e people, and then see if the West and
the whole Union do not rise faster in prosperity, and
virtue, and happiness.
I am sick, and tired, and disgusted, with these
vile wretched attempts that are incessantly kept up
to mislead the people; and I do say, to the people's
Representatives on this floor, and to my constitu-
eits, and to the whole American people, and I say
it tearlessly, that that man who wilfully misleads
ths people from their true and just inteiestp, or de-
ceives, or imposes upon them false doctrines—
whether in the halls of Congress, or in the halls of
the State Legislatures—in the county meeting or in
township meeting—in public conversation or in
private conversation—through the press or at the
polls—or in any way whatsoever, in act word, or
deed—it is a grave accusation, but it is a true one—
that man is virtually guilty of treason against free
government, against the liberties and happiness of
mankind in the United States and all over the
world; and not merely at present, but ex'ends it to
the future, by retarding the progress of free princi-
ples, the onward march of human rights, of truth,
and justice—that man is the enemy of his fellow-
man, in the broadest sense of the word.
While the name of Ut" true patriot, who loves
and serves his country, wsll be cherished in the me-
mories of posterity, that of the man who misleads
the people will be precipitated down, down, down
through the never-endiug night of dark oblivion.
SPEECH OF IjílR. W. O. BUTLER,
\                   O? KENTUCKY.
In thtSHouse of Repfesentativts, Jane, 11, 1840—In
Corna\ittee of the Whole, in reply to Mr. Biddle
and MrvHnNT, in the appropriation for surpress-
ing hostilities irj Florida.
Mr. Chairman^ That I have not occupied this
floor sooner, is a¿ evidence of the reluctance I feel,
in occupying it at all; a reluctance which is greaty
increased from the reflection that the session is
drawing to a close, and that I can hope to say
nothing likely to compensate the country for the
time I shall necessarily occupy. The considera-
tion would certainly induce me te decline saying
any thing on the present occasion, were I not sa-
tisfied, that the session is to end, as it began, in
speechmaking.
Be this as it may, sir, I have now undergone
what all will admit to be a reasonable novitiate in
silence, and intend as brief a discussion of the Flo-
rida war question as I may find convenient. That
this war is beginning to excite a deep, and a thril-
ling interest in the community, is not a matter of
surprise; it has desolated our frontiers with a most
unsparing hand for years;and although it in no de-
gree threatens the general safety of the nation, it is
but too well calculated to appeal to the sympathy
of every heart not locked up against the-voice of
sorrow. It is moreover, sir, a war whose termi-
nation still lies hid, far in the dark inscrutable fu-
ture. Like every other transaction of the times,
this war has been 'seized on by the Opposition
party, in and out of this House, for the pur-
pose of being moulded into political capi-
tal. It has been roundly asserted, that its
operations have been such, as to reflect indelible
disgrace upon the Administration under which it
has been carried on. As a friend and a sup-
porter of that administration, have felt myself call-
ed upon to examine into the truth of this charge;
and after having done so, I take it upon myself to
say, in the presence of those who have mine it, that
it has no foundation in truth. I intend,;!*  *e-ex-
amine it, in the presence of this committee, where
the various laws, and most of ths fact* in relation
to it, are within our reach; and where tfce touch-
stone of truth may be readily applied. I congratu-
late the country, sir, that this hour has at tost ar-
rived. I congratulate the Opposition, that they are
no longer compelled to yelp and snap at the sha-
dow of this war; that they may now do that, as a
matter of right, which they have heretofore only
attempted by way of stealth; and I now eatt upon
them, one and all, to make good their charges; not
not by round and bold assertion, but by proof and
argument. It would have evinced much more
confidence in the truth and justice of their charges,
' had they waited for this hour.   It would have
