June, 1840._____________
86th Con6 **1st Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
661
Appropriation Bill—Mr. W. 0. Butler.
H. of Reps.
and hypocrisy, and who come out boldly, and in
print, and tell ui they hare weighed the whole mat-
ter, and are prepared to carry out their vile
schemes, even at the expense of the Union itself.
Let every American read the following extract
from their proceedings, and then let any man who
prises his character and standing as a patriot dare
defend them:
« W. L. Garrison, from the Business Committee,'reported it  Í
resolution declaring that, aa Abolitionists, we are bound to ear-
ly eat oar principle*, no matter at what expense to our sect or
party, to the Constitution, or to the Union."
This paragraph wants no comment. I will not I
even say of its author, as the venerable gentleman ,
from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] once said of a
distinguished colleague, [Mr. Webster,] who in
debate said he would not vote for a certain war
measure, then under consideration, even if the ene-
my were then thundering at the Capitol, "that he
had but one more step to take, and that was to join
toe enemy." I will not do the author of that pa-
ragraph the injustice to doubt that be has already
taken that important step.
No one, not even the Abolitionists themselves,
ean deny that the course openly pursued by that |
party has a direst tendency to excite discontent .
among bo:h the Indians and the negroes. Have
they not both had their supposed wrongs and op- '
pressions depicted to them with all the force and
fervor which ingenuity and falsehood united could
command; and what other method could they have
resorted to more likely to produce the results which
have followed? Does any one doubt that such
means, acting on such bodies of ignorant and illi-
terate men, even if no such evil was designed,
could fail to excite both Indians and negroes to re-
venge; and is it not equally natural that two such
classes of men, living in the same region and in ha-
bits of daily intercourse, should unite together for
the purpose of effecting a common redress? That
they did so unite before the c*mmencement of the
war, and have continued to act in perfect concert,
I will now show you from the report of Major Ge-
neral Je^ap, who was then engaged in the prosecu-
tion of the war; from page 10,1 make the following
extract:
"Having been apprized, by prisoners taken in the preceding
campaign, of an arrangement entered into previous to the war,
between the Indians and the slaves, that, so soon as hostilities
should commence, the latter were to join them, an J take up
arms, I informed the Indians that all their negroes must be sepa-
rated from them and sent out of the country."
Again, in a letter from Volusia, he says:
"This, you may be assured, is a negro, not an Indian war,
and if it be not speedily put down, the South will feel the effects
•fit on their slave population before the end of the next sea-
son "—Ex. Doc. 78,3d vol. 2d session, 26th Congress.
An intelligent gentleman, now in this city, long
and still an inhabitant of Florida, in a note to me,
says: " That ihe Indians were instigated to a viola-
tion of the treaty at Payne's landing by the negroes
among them, there is no doubt" As a proof that
the Abolititionis's have been instigating them to
this course, and that foreigners have been aiding
them in it, the same gentleman says:
"During- the course of the war, a communication existed,
with boats, between the Bahamas, where some of the fugitive
slaves bad transported themselves for greater security; and a
brig has been running, under the charge of a devoted patron of
free negroes, from St. John's to St. Domingo."
That the people in Florida are alive to these facts
will he seen from the following extract irom the
Fioriaian:
Extract of a Utter from a gentleman in Boat Florida to his
friend in New York.                    __^^
"If yon observa the papers you will see what is doing in
rongren towards our admission as a State. We have two par-
ties—one for and one against ft. One is for a division, to form
ultimately two States; the other, to come in whole immediately.
la the present and prospective state of things, it is decidedly
better to come in as one State; for, if the Abjlitionists get the
ascendency, we can never come in. The Union would be dis-
solved in the attempt, and dissolved it assuredly will be, if they
increase; and, with their increase, persevere in the incendiary
efforts we see them daily making to excite discontent and revolt
among our slaves. The modes by which they essay to do this
are, some of them, as base, and baser, than any thing else that
can be named, excepting always, and forever, the cause they
are engaged in. I could particularize these, but sha 1 contsnt
myself with the one fact of their making instruments of ne-
groes, who have (perhaps by the generosity oftheir former own-
ers) been emancipated, and are suffered to remain amongst
us. The intercourse with these fres negroes is not difficult.
By means of other free negroes occasionally touching at our
porta, and finding ingress to our towns and citie?; these are
bribed to the work, and furnished with incendiary tracts, art-
fully contrived, for the furtherance of their hellish purposes."
The following extracts from their constitution
will «how th«ir plan of optratíonj,  Ancrtj «he
means to be resorted to, are the following: "To
open correspondence with the Abolitionists through-
out the world, and encourage them in the prosecu-
tion of their objects." And again: "That our
friends, both white and colored, in Canada, the
West Indies-, South America, and other countries,
be affectionately invited to form auxiliary societies,
and contribute to the funds of the society." Do you
think, sir, all this brotherly love has been thrown
away? No, sir, the Indians and the negroes have
been appealed to, and they have gone to war; the
islands have been invoked in the most fraternal
terms, and the islands have lent their aid. What
impre&ion these facls may have upon others, I am
not prepared to say. If any shall still doubt that
the spirit of Abolition has been one of the causes
which produced, and is now protracting, this war,
I leave them to.the enjoyment of that opinion; con-
vinced, as I am, that lime is maturing and multi-
plying facts that will force even the willing skeptic
to become an unwilling believer.
I proceed, in the next place, sir, to an exami-
nation of the manner in which this war has been
been conducted. 1 have before said that the Op-
position in this House has charged the opera-
tions of the Florida war to be such as to reflect
indelible disgrace upon the administration under
which it has been carried on. But, strange to
tell, no part of that foul attaint is to at-
tach either to the generals who conducted the vari-
ous campaigns, or to the saldiers who fought the
different battles. It would not te quite politic, at
ths interesting conjuncture, to assail so numerous
and so influential a body of men, that migtit rojse
the honest indignation of their numerous friends,
and of the country at large. That gentlemen have
no intention of doing, and I acquit them from any
such design. Had success crowned our arms,
had victory perched on our standard, who
would have worn the plucked laurels,? By the
united voice of the world, they would have graced
the brows of our generals and their companions in
arm . But, sir, victory and defeat are the very op-
posites of each other; and their effects should, of
course, be of a corresponding character. E*ch
new victory is but a fresh bla^t from the trumpet
of the nation's fame; and, therefore, we join in the
all bail to our friends who have won it. But, sir,
it is most desirable and convenient to find a scape-
goat for those same friends when overtaken by de-
feat and disaster; and if that scape-goat should
chance to prove an enemy, or a political opponent,
it is looked upon as a God-send, that, not to profit
by, would be condemned by all as a species of po-
litical impiety.
Each year, Mr. Chairman, seems to demand a
fresh victim. Last year the Secretary of the Trea-
sury was singled out for party immolation. I need
not tell you, sir, how signal a failure it proved; I
need not remind yon with what recoil that measure
fell on the heads of those who attempted to use it.
Where now, sir, is the mighty product of that
mighty effort? where is that celebrated report which
cost its authors so much labor and the nation so
much money? I mean, sir, the S wartwout report.
Last year it was the political text book of the
Whig party, and was flourished from all the
stumps and horse block in the country; where is it
now, sir? it must have lost favor even with its
friends; it has rarely been alluded to even in ihis
House; it has scarcely raised a bubble or a ripple
in this great boiling ca'dron into which every one
is throwing his bitterest things:
" Liver of misbelieving Jew,
Gall of goat, and sprigs of yew."
Sir, it has been solemnly tried and fairly con-
demned by the Amfrican people, and from their
verdict there is no appeal. Unwarned by the past,
another victim is bound to the horns of the politi-
cal alar. The Secretary of War is singled out
for the sacrifice. Sir, it requires no Chaldean
knowledge of the stars to foretell his doom. A
child might cast his horoscope. Mr. Chairman,
it was said of yore that the holiness of the altar
sanctified the offering—that was true of one altar
only, the altar of ihe Most High. Some altars are
so base in themselves as to desecrate all that
touches them* Such, mainly, are the altars of man;
peculiarly lacb, sir, are the party ¡alters of this
day.   I much fear that no acceptable incense can
ever rise from them.   I much fear that when the
smoke of ihe sacrifice is over and the fervor of the
wotshipper subsided, when conscience and posterity
come to sit in honest judgment on our best acts,
when the gilding and drapery are torn off, and our
motives laid bare, that  all which we are   now
offering under the spjeious and holy names of pa •
triotism and country,  will be found  to be little
more than sordid ministerings to party and to self.
I had thought there was still left one common
ground an which even the  parties in this House
might meet, and, for a time, lay down their weapons
of party strife.   I had thought that when our banner
was on the breeze, and our eagle spreading his wings
for the stoop,  that one spirit, ihe spirit of  our
fathers,  would  be in every breast.   Nor will I,
even now, permit myself to doubt that were this a
war of foreign aggression, or one calculated to
rouse the spirit of the nation, by endangering its
liberty, we wculd all prove true in the trial hour.
But the Florida war has been treatel as a matter
of trivial moment.   A few naked and wandering
savages are said to have sacked our borders and
foiled our armies;  and the Secretary   of War is
held responsible for all the blood and all the trea-
sure that have been lavished on that war.   I will
not stop now, sir, to cast up the merchant part of
this charge; I will not, when speaking of the blood
of my countrymen, pause to weigh it against gold.
This is a proper, but a separate subject for inquiry.
Let it be made.   Submit the accounts and expen-
ditures of this war to a proper committee, and let
us have a full examination; not an tx parte one,
upon select items culled out for present use, and at
the close of the session, when it is well known that
no one has the time or the inclination to examine
them.   We are now examining the operations of
the war; not the quartermasters' or the commissa-
ries' accounts.     Show me that the Secretary of
War has been remiss or derelict in his duty; show
me that he has betrayed or neglected the h'gh trust
committed to his keeping—that he has suffered ihe
blood of Flori ia to flow when he had the power to
close her wounds; and I will aid you in the inflic-
tion of any punishment you may dare to name—I
will aid you in branding him with a stigma that
shall   resist   the   effacing   fingers   of   time   for
ever.     But,    before   we    proceed   to   condemn,
or   lo   puni h   him, let us understand   distinct-
ly the offences with which he is charged; and let
him have a chance to defend himself, at least by
his friend on this floor.   This, however, sir, is no
part of Whig tactics.   They have an instinctive
horror of every thing like specification; it has a
tendency to cramp their genius and unfeather the
wings of their imagination. Sweeping charges and
bold and bitter denuciations are much more easily
made, and much more difficult of detection; and,
therefore, generally resorted to.   But, sir, I feel
myrelf prepared to meet gentlemen, even on their
own ground, and to satisfy all, who do not wish to
close their eyes against truth, that even these gene-
ral charges cannot be true, and exist only in the
fertile imagination of those by whom they have
been made.   Have gentlemen condescended to in-
quire into the duties of the Secretary of War; the
means that have been placed at his disposal by
Government, and the manner in which he has em-
ployed them?   Have they examined into the cha-
racter and number of the enemy we have been
contending with?   And above all, have they duly
weighed the character of the climate, and the im-
practicable nature of the country which has been
the theatre of this war?   If they have, and know
enough of the science of war, to appreciate and
apply such information, then they are, in some de-
gree, qualified to commence the delicate and diffi-
cult task of military criticism; then they are, ia
some degree at least, prepared to do justice to the
Secretary of War, and to the unfortunate army
who are throwiBg away their lives and reputations
in  that most unfortunate war.    And let me tell
you, sir, if you proceed to condemn the one or the
othe'r, w'nhout making these essential inquiries, yon
are but acting the part of common stabbers in the
dark, and just as likely to kill the brave man as the
coward; and let me also tell yon that the eyes of the
AmorieftP pfopl* V* apon yon,. joit MdinteUj.
