66!
APPENDIX tO TflÉ COKGHESSIOÑAL GlOBÉ.
£6th Cong "-IST Sb89
appropriation Bill—Mr. W. O. Butler.
June, ls4o.
H. of Reps.
gent and a liberal people, one with whom success
is not the only test cf merit and if there is a
wretch on earth nvis contemptible in their eyes
than all others, it is he who, not having courage to
win laurels of his own, shall stretch forth his
timid trembling hand to pilfer them from a brave
man's brow.
What, then, are the legitimate and appropriate
duties of the Seereiary of War? and in what
manner has he discharged those duties? His is
a general superintendence over all that belongs
to the science and the art of war; to see that the
best and most appropriate means, whether of
men or munitions, are furnished for carrying it on.
Where it consists of many parts, and is wased in
different regions, he is necessarily compelled to
give a general ouiltne of the whole, so as to in-
sure the harmonious action of the different parts;
but when the war is confined to a single, and that
aiwild and unexplored reghn, as Florida, all detail is
necessarily left to the skill and discretion of the
commanding general. On the selection of a ge-
neral for such a service much depends, and for
that selection the Secretary is properly responsi-
ble. In which of these important duties has the
Secretary of War failed? and who, if any, is the
delinquent Secretary? for there have been several
Secretaries since the commencement of this disas-
trous war.
It is far from my intention to enter into a minute
account of the Florida war; this would reiuire
more time and more labor than I am willing to
bestow opon the subject at mis time.'   My main
object is to defend the Government from what I
believe to be a most nnjust and wanton attack.
There may have been neglect, there may have
been mismanagement, in many of the operations
of this war;   It weuld, indeed, be strange, sir,
were it  otherwise, when we consider the   ma-
terials that  have  necessarily been employed in'
its  prosecution.    If   the   commanding   generals
have   been   properly   furnished   with   men   and
munitions, they,   and  they  alone,   are «-spon-
sible for the proper use of them.     Tn making
the inquiry which I propose, I shall necessarily be
compelled to speak of the officers of the army,
who have been engaged in this war; and, in do-
ing so, I may find it necessary, in some degree,
to compare their merits, or more properly, their
fitness for this service.    If so, it will not be to de-
tract from them.   That justice maybe done to all,
and injustice to none, it is essential to keep in
view, not only the officers connected with the dif-
ferent periods of the war, but also the paiticular
Administration then in power.
As General Clinch, who commanded the first,
and General Scott the second campaign, have made
accommon canse against the Government, I will
first state their charge, -and then proceed to meet it.
In justice to these gentlemen, permit me, however,
to say that the commencement of this war was
well calculated to operate prejudicially on those
who had charge of it. It was not until various ge-
nerals and numerous forces had failed to bring it to
an end, thai we began to appreciate the many diffi-
culties to be encountered, and the true causes of
failure. That there was a general disappointment
throughout the country, from the President down,
■when campaign after campaign ended wuhont
closing this war, is certain. The consequence was,
that a court of inquiry was ordered to investigate
the causes which prevented General Scott from
ending the war. Instead of defe'ndirg hinveif by
assigning the true reasons, General Scott, in tarn,
attacked the Government. His interrogatory to
Clinch, a witness on h s trial, and the answer of
Clinch, place ihe subject in a clear and distinct
point of view; and I will beg leave to read them to
the committee:
"Question by the Court What were the causes, in your
opinion, that prevented the subjection of the hestile Seminóles
in the campaign conducted by Major General Scott in Tiorida,
in 1836?
"Anruer In reply to that question, I am compelled to
«tatethat I am of the opinion that the failures of and the dis
alters attending the operations in Florida, were mainly to be
attributed to the want of energy ana military forecast in the
late head of the War Department; and; in failing to order a
larger force, and a greater quantity of military supplies, &c. in-
to that country in 1835, and early in the year If 36. In illustra-
«on of this opinion, and to show, that the late Secretary of War
was no* entirely uninformed as to the state of things in Florida,
\ beg leave  «ubmit to the court «tracts from seywal ¡«tere
addressed the adjutant general of the army by the officer then
commanding in Florida. When, at last, the late honorable Se-
cretary awoke from his dreams of political preferment, and
turned his attention to bleeding and suffering Florida, it was
too late, owing to the peculiar nature of the country, to effect
a great deal before the hot and sickly months sot in, hence, m
a great measure, may be attribnted the failure, as it has been
termed, of the campaign conducted by Major General Scott m
Florida.
"[The extracts alluded to in this answer were here read to
the court, and accompany these proceedings, document No.
151,]"
Now, sir, here is a distinct charge, and of an
important character. Let us examine into its
truth. The witness, General Clinch, was the of-
ficer in command at the time of the alleged delin-
quency. That he was an intelligent and a meri-
torious officer, every way worthy of the high trust,
none will deny. The Government relied upon
him with implicit confidence as to what was proper
and necessary to be done, and the force and oher
means requisite lor the service. Was not this a
just and proper reliance? Who was half so well
qualified to give all the necessary information as
General Clinch, who was immediately on the scene
of action, and had specal charge of the military
operations in Florida? Certainly no one. I will
now proceed to show you that all the requisitions
of General Clinch were met, and more than met,
by the War Department, as soon as they were
made. If I do this, I shall feel satisfied that I
have succeeded in warding from the Administra-
tion all pretence of censure, let it fall where it
may. That the requisitions of General Clinch
were so met, will manifestly appear from the Ad-
jutant General's report, containing a summary of
all the tranctions of that period between General
Clinch and the War Department, from which I
will read the following extract:
"In consequence of the state of affairs, as reported by the
commanding officerof Fort King, on the 27thOctober, 1834, and
the officer of the Commissary's department charged with duties
connected with the removal of the Indians, and also on the re-
port of the Indian agent, it was deemed necessary to increase the
military force stationed in Florida Accordingly, orders, dated
November 24, were issued, directing three companies of artil-
lery to take post at Fort Brooke, Tampa bay, and the company
stationed at Fort Manon, St Augustine, to join the garrison at
Fort King, then consisting of one company of infantry. The
same order assigned Brevet Brigadier General Clinch to the
command of the troops in Florida, an officer of much experi-
ence, and being well acquainted with the Indian habits and cha-
racter He was also required to co-operate with the Indian
agent in all proper measures relative to the contemplated remo-
val of the Seminole Indians
"On a requisition of General Clinch, received in February,
1835, for six additional companies to strengthen his command,
four companies of artillery, under Brevet Lieutenant Colonel
Fanning, of the 4th regiment, were, on the 14th of February,
1833, ordered from Fort Monroe to Fort Kine, with authority, at
the same time, to draw irt the company of lnlantry at Key West.
The number of companies in Florida was now increased to ten;
of which number six: were concentrated at Tort King, three at
Fort Brooke, as before stated, and one stationed at Key West
"On the 12th of October, Lieutenant Harris, of the artillery,
disbursing agent for the Seminóles, recommended that the force
in Florida should be increased; but as no additional requisition
for that purpose had been received from General Clinch, it wag
not considered proper to direct tins-measure On the 15th of
the month, the two compnnies of artillery stationed at Forts
Morgan and Pickens, near Mobile and Pensacola, were placed
under his orders.
1 On the 21st of October, a letter, dated the 8th, was received
from General Clinch, in which he suggested the propnetv of
being authorized to call into theserviGe one hundred and fifty
mounted volunteers, to aid in ihe removal of the Indians, and to
suppress any difficulties which might occur But as this force
was required to aid in the removal of the Indiaps, and to prevent
difficulties which were anticipated, and not to repress hostili-
ties which had commenced, or which were then impending,
General Clinch was informed, m answer, on the 22d October,
that there was no appropriation authorizing the measure, and
that the Fresident, under existing circumstances, did not consi-
der that the case came under the ronstitufonal power to call
into service an additional force for the defe ice of the country
But he was authorized to order t ,\ o more companies, viz those
a' Forts Wood and Pike, to join him, whicn, with the two
companies placed at hi? disposal on the 5th of October, made
four companies of regular troops, in Iieu f the mounted men
On the 30th of the Bame month orders were gn en by the Navy
Department to Commodore Dallas, to direct one of the vessels
of the squadron to co-operate with General Clinch in his endea-
vors to etfoct the removal of the Seminóles.
"In a letter received on the 31et of October, General Clinch re
quested that three companies of regular troops might be added
to his command. He was apprised, however, by previous or-
der", that four had already been placed at his disposal
"In his communication from St Augustine, dated 29th No-
vember, leceived on the 9th of December, General Clinch re-
ported that, should he find it necessary for the protection of the
frontier settlements, he would assume the responsibility of
calling out at least one hundred mounted men. believing that the
measure would be sanctioned by the President arid Secretary of
War This approval was communicated to him on the same
day, and, in addition to it, a letter was addressed to the Govern
or of Florida, requesting him to place at the disposal of General
Clinch any militia force that officer might require. Of this,
General Clinch was informed He was also informed that, at
the request of General Hernandez, orders would be git en,
through the Ordnance Department, to issue five hundred mus-
t Jtets ant] ihe necessary equipments (9 the militia,"
A few comments on this report will place this
matter m a light that none can fail to see and un-
derstand it. It is true that General Clinch required
six companies in February, 1835, and that five
only were then placed at his disposal. I will first
exp'ain the reason why this company was at that
moment withheld, and then show that a change
in our relations with the Seminóles rendered it un-
necessary. It will be recollected that our regular
army is but a small one; that we have an immense
frontier to guard, and much public property requir-
ing, at all times, to be protected; that we had a
prospect of an immediate war with the Creek In-
dians, five times as numerous as the Seminóles; and,
more than all these, we had strong reason to ap-
prehend a war with Prance. Of course, it was both
prudent and proper to hold what regular force we
had in the best possible condition and at the most
suitable points, to meet whatever contingencies
might arise. These would have bren sufficient
reasons to justify the Government in sending the
five, instead of the six, companies required by Ge-
neral Clinch, even had that number been ne-
cessary. But, sir, I will now proceed to prove to
you that General Clinch had as many men as he
wanted, and that he himself thought so. You will
remark, in the extract from the Adjutant General's
report, that the company stationed at Key West
was one of tho*e placed at the disposal of General
Clinch on the 14th July, 1835, and this company
was not called for until about nine months after-
ward; for it was one of the two companies under
the command of Major Dade in the battle of the
28th of December, 1835, and then on the march to
join the command of General Clinch for the first
lime. Now, sir, if it be true that the Government
is justly chargeable with neglect in failing to sup-
ply General Clinch with an adequate force, how
can that gentleman answer to the country for his
failure to use even the force he had? But I will
not, for a moment, leave him in so awkward a
condition. He did not call for the Key West com-
pany because he had enough without it. A new
treaty was made with the Indians, settling all pre-
tence of difficulty and putting an end to all pros-
pects of a war, on the 3d of April, 1835. It is in
the following words:
"We, the undersigned, chiefs and sub-chiefs of the Seminole
tribe of Indians, do hereby, for ourselves and for our people, vo-
luntarily acknowledge the validity of the treaty between the
United States and the Seminole nation of Indians, concluded at
Payne's landing, on the Ocklawahau river, on the 9th day of
May, one thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; and the treaty
between the United States and the Seminole nation of Indians,
made and concluded at Fort Gibson, on the twenty eighth day
March, one thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, by Mont-
fort Stokes, Henry L Ellsworth, and John H. Schermerhorn,
commissioners on the part of the United States, and the dele-
gates of the said Seminole nation of Indians, on the part
of the said nation; and we, the said chiefs and sub chiefs,
do, for ourselves and our people, freely and fully assent to
the above recited articles in all their provisions. Done in
council at the Seminole agency, this twenty-third day of April,
eighteen hundred and thirty-five "
Now, sir, had the war commenced previ-
ous to this treaty, and could it be shown that the
failure to furnish one company that Gen. Clinch
had required operated prejudicially on that war, I
will own, to that extent, the Government might
have been censurable, but for the fact that it was
thought the toops were more wanted in other
places. General Clinch and his friends choose to
forget this treaty, and still recur to his first demand
for troops, although the necessity for complying
with that demand had been destroyed by the for-
mation of the treaty. If war was expected previ-
ons'y, no war came, and no injury whatever en-
sued. Let us, then, take a fresh start from the
date of this treaty, and see why it is that the Go-
vernment was not prepared to prosecute this war
when it actually cam?, which was on the 28th of
December, 1835. Simply, sir, because the In-
dians, to all appearance, were preparing to emi-
grate peaceably, and there was no apprehension of
a war. General Call, the then Governor of Flori-
da, in a letter to Secieiary Ca.«s, *ays: "This war
came with the suddenness of light." There were
but two occurrences from April, the date of the
treaty, until the middle of November, to create
the sliihtest apprehension of such an event In
June there was a quarrel between some four or
five whites and about as many Indians, which re-
sulted in the death of one of the Indians and the
| wounding of three of the whites.   The Indian
