June, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE^
663
26TH C0KG«« l9T SKSS.
appropriation Bill—Mr. TV. O. Butler.
H. of Reps.
were promptly surrendered by the tribe, and dis-
missed by the civil authorities. On the 11th of
August, Priva'e Dalton was killed by the Indians,
in relation to which I make the following extract
from General Clinch's lcttir of the 12th of August:
"The causes of this murder are stated to have been a deter-
mination, on the part of the Indians, to revenge the death of a
relation of their  who was killed in a rencontre between the
whites and Indians, which I reported to the General in-Chief in
my letter of the 30th June last. The Indians now say that,
bavin  accomplished their purposes of revenge by the murder
of a whit  man, they are now satisfied."
No intimation is here given that there is the
least danger of a war up to this time. On the 3d
of the same month Lieutenant Harris, the disburs-
ing agent, in a letter to Adjutant General Jones,
says: "The present prospects for emigrating are
promising." It will be seen, from an examination
of the Adjutant General's report, above referred to,
that, from the time of the treaty, in April, until the
commencement of the war, in December, General
Clinch had more force placed aj his disposal than
he required, bv one company of regulars and five
httadred Florida militia. How, then, can either
General Clinch or General Scott say that the Se-
cretary of War was in fault for not having pro-
vided more efficiently for the war before its com-
mencement? Had General Scott been in com-
mand all the time, instead of General Clinch,
woald he have been better prepared? How would
he have made preparation? By making requisi-
tions for men and means, as a matter of course.
Why, then, if they were necessary, did not General
Clinch demand them? I leave these gentlemen to
settle this delicate matter between them as they
may find it most convenient, and turn my attention
to General Scott, and to an- examination of
the coarse pursued by the Government in relation
to him and bis command in Florida. General
Scott was in the city of Washington when the re-
port of Clinch's and Dade's battles reached there,
which was between the 16¡h and 20th of February,
1836. On the first intelligence General Eustace,
then in Charleston, South Carolina, was ordered
to join General Clinch with reinforcements; but in-
formation soon after arrived which induced the belief
that a junction between the Creeks and Seminóles
was contemplated, and that it might become neces-
sary to call into the service such a number of mili-
tia as would amount to a major general's command,
in which event the command would have devolved
on him, as General Clinch is only a general by
brevet It was, therefore, deemed proper to order
General Scott to assume the command, net that
any fault had been found with General Clinch. On
the contrary, all that had been done by him at that
time was much to his credit; and, as I have shown,
it was the intention of the Government to have
retained him in command after his battle until the
second report, of which I have before spoken,
reached Washington. Neither General Clinch,
nor any other officer in the service, bad a right to
take umbrage at being placed under the command
of General Scott under such circumstances.
To show that General Scott had unlimited con-
trol as to the proper means for carrying on this
war, I will read the following extract from the or-
der placing him in command of the Florida army,
dated on the 21st January, 1836:
It b Impracticable here to prescribe the amount of fore 
which ought to be carried into the fields; that must depend
upon the actual circumstances which you may find existing
wnen you reach the sc> ■ of operations. It is, of course, desi
rabie that no unnecessary force should be employed, as the ex-
pense may thereby be gTestly increased; still I would not have
hesitate for a moment in calling out such a number of the mili-
tia as will cr able you, with promptitude and certainty, to put
aftimmedia e termination to these difficulties. The horrors of
such a warfare are too great to run any risk in its immediate
termination. The subject is,therefore, committed entirely to
your own discretion."
If he employed too few or too many troops, that
fault was his, and not the fault of the Government.
The following extract from this order will  also
show that he was equally unlimited in other means
necessary for carrying on the war:
"Whatever expenditures may be rendered necessary you
will be pleased to direct, and the proper staff officers under your
command will be furnished with such funds as may be re-
quired t* meet them."
If there was either waste or want in his army,
that fault was his own. His attention is particu-
larly diree'ed to the waste common in such armies
m his, atd he is exhorted, to the strictest economy,
as will appear from the following extract from the
same general order, placing him in command:
"I have also to request that you will give the necessary erders
for the preservation and accountability of public property.
There is upon these occasions, too often, so great a waste, par-
ticularly where a militia force is brought into the field, that
great circumspection should be used."
I have been thus particular in giving the orders
of General Scott because they were substantially
continued to all his successors, and because Gen.
Scott is the hero of the Whig party in this House;
and, in order to sustain him, it has been deemed
proper to assail not only the Government and the
Secretary of War, but many others of the best and
most meritorious offictrs in the service. And yet,
sir, when the opposition in this House will take the
pains to inquire minutely into the Florida opera-
tions, I feel confident that none of them will lose
by a comparison with those of General Scott,
either in ability or economy, the want of which is
charged upon all others.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Hont]
has said that General Scott was ordered into the
Florida service that he might be killed out of the
way of a political rival. I will not degrade the
country by answering such a charge, but turn that
gentleman over to his own constituents. He has
also said that the service was, in itself, too small a
matter to give employment to so distinguished a
general; and that a militia major, with five hundred
men, ought to close the war in a month. I will
only say, in reply to the latter part of the statement,
that Major General Scott, with five thousand men
such as the gentleman from New York, would
not close it in five years, and General Scott will
not thank the gentleman from New York for plac-
ing him in so false a position; for it will be seen
from the official report that General Scott, who, I
have shown, had unlimited control of men and
measures to carry on this war, had actually in the
field 4,763 men, after leaving a sufficiency to gar-
rison his various posts, and this number is, no
doubt, largely over an average of the forces em-
ployed during the war. One word as to the indigni-
ty said to be offered to General Scott by placing
him on so petiy a service. Whenever a general
has become too dignified to serve bis country in
«Ven war of any kind, particularly when it is (he
only'war then going on, it would seem to me that the
country had but little farther use for his services;
and-I feel assured that General Scott will not thank
the gentleman from New York for placing him
in this position. I am certain he would never as-
sume such a one for himself. Having answered
the gentleman from New York thus far, I will pro-
ceed with the reasons assigned by General Scott, in
his defence before the %urt of inquiry, why be
failed to end the Seminole war in 1836, so far only
as those reasons are calculated to operate unjustly
on the Government and upon his brother officers.
1 will take occasion to say, that I have no doubt
that General Scott did all in his power to end the
war, and so the court of inquiry expressly found.
Whether he pursued the best measures to achieve
that end, is a matter on which there is a great di-
versity of opinion.
The second cause is, "the unexpected intrusion
of General Gaines." This was not an act of the
Government, and was, no doubt, induced, on the
part of General Gaines, by the most patriotic feel-
ing. His movement was made soon after the de-
feat of Major Dade, and when much consterna-
tion and alarm prevailed throughout the South; for
it was strongly apprehended that the Creeks would
unite with the Seminóles, and that the war would
become a general one. It is known to this com-
mittee that General Gaines entered the Indian
country with about one thousand Louisiana volun-
teers and regulars; that he found the great body
of the Indians on the Withlacoochie; had several
skirmishes with them, fortified his camp, and sent
an express on the 28th, and another on the 29ih
of February, with letters directed to General
Clinch, or the officer commanding at Fort Drane,
informing him that his camp was surrounded by
about 1,500 Indians, and asking a reinforcement
and provisions, saying, at the same time, that he
would make no sortie or attack on the Indians un-
til he received an answer; and expressing an opi-
nion that a combined operation might dose this
war. General Clinch forwarded this letter to
General Scott, then at Picolata, where it reached
on the 1st day ef March at daylight. I will ex-
tract a single sentence from his reply to Clinch,
which will show the spirit in which he re-
ceived it:
"Even if you had sufficient stores on hand, and means of
transportation, I should, under the circumstances, command you
to send no subsistence to him, unless to prevent starvation; but
you have neither. Let him, therefore, in time, extricate him-
self from the embrrrassment he has placed himself in, by-
marching upon Volusia, where, I have no reason to doubt, that
twenty thousand rations, sent there on the 27th ultimo, hav«
safely arrived. As he appears to have a retreat open to him, or
is in no peril to prevent his taking that step, you will, of course,
make no detachment or move to join him."
Clinch, however, disobeyed the order, and joined
Gaines on the 6ih of March, with about five hun-
dred men and provisions. He found the Indians
still there, and in the act of making a treaty, which
was broken up by his firing on them. Why did
not General Scott send all the forces he could col-
lect to the aid of General Gaines? is an inqniry
often made; and there has been much speculation
as to what would have been the result of such a
co-operation. The reply of Scott, above referred
to, gives us some reason to fear that the private
griefs of these gentlemen have been permitted to
mingle with their public duties. It is a matter of
much regret that these gallant men, who won their
laurels and shed their blood on the same battlefield,
should have been, for the last fifteen years, at a
continual war, growing out of a question of rank,
which was finally settled by Mr. Adams, some-
what in the style which the lion settled the dispute
among the beasts, not by taking the command of
the army himself, to which they both aspired, but
by giving it to Geaeral Macomb. It may be true
that General Gaines, in some degree, interfered
with the plan on which General Scott intended to
prosecute his campaign; or even that he defeated
that plan. If so, it was twice defeated; for it cer-
tainly defeated itself, when General Scott at-
tempted to carry it into execution. What was
that famous plan, to which its author adhered with
such pertinacity? It was to operate on a base line
of about one hundred and thirty miles in length,
terminating at Tampa Bay and Fort Drane, and to
advance into an unexplored and distant Indian
country, and, withal, the most difficult in the world,
in three heavy columns, from those two points and
Volusia; and relying for success on the mutual co-
operation of these columns. The. consequence was,
that after a ten days' march in the swamps and
hammocks, they all returned to Tampa Bay, with-
out ever having seen each other, although it is said
that some of the colamos heard the cannon of
other . No doubt die Indians did the same thing,
and moved off accordingly. To dismiss this sub-
ject, so far as General Gaines is connected with it,
I will only add the opinion of Clinch, who was a
witness before the court of inquiry, and who says,
in speaking of the troops of Gaines:
" I thought, myself, that the addition of those troops strength-
ened the column I commanded very much; but I believe the
troop composing the right Wing, independent of that number,
conld have- performed the root they did. It was rendered
stronger than was originally the intention of General Scott. I,
myself, think they weie an acquisition, as they were experi-
enced regulars, and gallant and efficient yutweairwa £mi-
siana."                                                                      l   *
Although many think General Scott would have
ended the war by a prompt and hearty co-opera*
tion with General Gaines; and although I regret
extremely he did not attempt it, yet I feel bound to
say, that I think it by no means probable; fot every
subsequent attempt to bring these Indians to a ge-
neral battle, proves that they will fight only When
it suits them, and mat is when it does not suit us;
when they choose to retire, they cannot be over-
taken.
General Scott assigns several other reasons for
the failure of his campaign, which I will briefly
notice, as they are calculated to affect the Adminis-
tration, as well as the military character of General
Jackson. One is, that his orders were imperative
"to reduce the enemy to unconditional submis-
sion.'' And this the General construes to mean,
"to hold no parley, no negotiation; not even to
say, as the price of surrender, that kind treatment
might be expecte'd," &c. The above extract from
General Scott's defence goes to prove the excited
state of his Pumi a< *• *■*  for B0 ro*a m **
