664
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcÉ.
June, 1846.
26th Cono'"«1st Sess.
appropriation Bill—Mr. TV. O. Butter.
H. of Heps.
sober senses could ever construe such an order to
mean thatacoaqueied enemy, or one offering to
surrender, should not receive kind treatment. That
he d.d not so act opon it, is manifect from the fac
that almost the only time he ever had a glimpse of
the Indians, h« >ent mem a while flan, inviting a
parley; and the Indians promised to meet him the
next   morning, but bad dreams, or some other
cause, prevented them; for in the morning they
were all missing.   In f«ct, sir, had I not been told
otherwise, I should have thought that the main ob-
ject of all the display of his three great columns,
and their thundering and drumming, was, in part,
designed to convince the Indians that res stance
would be folly, and they had better surreader at
once.   Bat General Scott assigns as a reason why
he kept his army so long in   large  masses, that
General Jackson "never detached against Indian*,"
and gives some cramped expression of his, as pro-
Ten by Colonel Lindsay, on which to establish it
as an iron rule of General Jackson's, never to de-
tach in an Indian country, (which is certainly not
correct,) and then say : "the court will please bear
in mind the official relation that subsisted in Janua-
ry, 1836, between Gen. Jackson, Col. Lindsay, and
myself."   If we are to understand from this that he
considered himself bound to follow a supposed role
of Gen. Jackson^, because ha*was his official su-
perior, I will only say that the same relation ex-
isted between them after a ten days' campaign,
when  he admits that he began to d-tach freely.
This same official relation certainly existed on the
9i of April, only seven days after General Scott
commenced his campaign, when he detached Major
Cooper, die gentleman at my right, with 340 men,
to locate himself in the heart of the Indian country,
for what purpose it is hard to say, unless it was to
prove to the world that a Georgia major, with such
a force, could bold in check an enemy which had
compelled General Gaines to fortify and ask for
help.   And this, sir, he did in most gallant style for
the space of 14 days, when he also was relieved by
General Clinch, who seems to have been a kind of
general helper on all such occasions.   The only
other reason assigned by General Scott why he did
not conquer the Indians, on which I shall comment,
is this, " insufficiency of hard bread and bacon."
He admits, however, that h« had a full supply of
flour and pork.   1 think my friend from Louisiana
[Judge Chins] ceuld tell us of an army, under the
command of General Winchester, in the last war,
who, for a space near twice as long as General
Scon's whole eampagn, had no bread of any kind,
and not flour enough to thieken their soup; and
when their soup was made, it had not a greasy
spot «poo it.   General Scott'4 campaign ended in
the spring of 1836, without achieving any thing of
moment.   Although I am inclined to think he is
not well calculated for Indian fighting, yet I do not
doubt, in the slightest degree, that he is in every
way worthy of the high character he possesses as a
soldier and a commander.   I only regret that his,
and the course of his friends in relation to other
officers,  certainly his equal in  every point   of
view, has compelled me to say much more of Ge-
neral Scott than I could other wise permit myself to
do.   There is, however, one impoitant transaction
in   bis campaign   that   I   would   like   to   hear
bis friends explain; and that is, why he left the
Withlacoochie, where he found part, and where it
is now certain the great bedy of the Indians then
were, with his own column of 1,963 men and eight
days' rations without having examined one-fourth
part of the cove in which they have b'en found on
so many occasions? It is certain he left Fort Drane
on the 26th of March, with 18 rations, and arrived
at Tampa, on his return, on the lO.h of April.
General Call succeeded to the command of the
Florida army some time in Ju y, 1836. He is the
only commander of that army whose previoas
- .services and standing at the time of his appoint-
ment did not, in the estimation of the community,
fully entitle him to the office; and yet, hs had pro-
bably been in as many battles as any one of them,
and seen as much service as most of them. He was
with General Jackson in the Indian war of 1812,
with him at Pensacola in 1814, at New Orleans in
1815, and the Seminole campaign of 1318; and he
had resided nearly 20 years in Florida, and knew
more of the Indians and the country than almost any
man in it. But it is said he w?s also with General
Clinch in the battle of the Withlacoochie on the
31st December, 1835, in command of the Florida
militia; and, from the general report of that battle,
it is sirougly insinuated that both he and his Flori-
dians lost credit, if they had any to lose. That is all
true. The only question is, whether that report is
true. I have never seen the official report of that
battle made to the commander-in-chief by General
Clinch, and have purposely avoided saying any
thing in relation to the battle itself, that I might
present, in a single view, what I had to say of Ge-
ral Call. The following eztract from the report of
General Macomb, furnishes the chargs made
against General Call and the Florida troops:
"On the 29th of December, General Clinch, with six com-
panics ol recular troops, amounting to a out two hundred men,
proceeded horn Foit King toward the Withlacoochie, to attack
the Seminole , who were in force on the left bank of that river.
In this expedition he was joined by Governor Pall, with between
four hundied and five hundred volunteers of Florida.
"On the 31st of December, General Clinch, with the regular
troops under his command, crossed the Withlacoochie. He
was here attacked by a large body of Indians, and, after a spi-
rited engagement, the Indians were finally defeated, and fled in-
to the hammocks. In this affair, it will appear that theregu'ar
troops bore the brunt of the action. Out of the two hundred
troops who crosaed the river with General Clinch, fifty-seven
were killed or wounded, including lour officers. Of the four
or five hundred volunteers who had joined General Clinch with
a view of aidmgin subduing the Indians, only twenty seven
men and three fficerstook part in the acion. Why bo many
remained out of the actioo, is nut explained. Had the same zeal
and bravery beendisplayed by the whole force as was evinced
by the regular troops, there is little doubt but that the war
would have been terminated with the battle of the Withla-
coochie."
General Call, in a letter to General Macomb,
gives the most conclusive reasons why so few of
the Florida troops were engaged. I will read the
following extract from that letter:
"On our arrival, the army was suddenly brought to a halt;
and we were greatly surprised at finding a t'eep and rapid river,
presenting a most formidable impediment to our farther ad-
vance into the country, instead of a lordablestieam over which
we might pass with scarce any delay, which the information of
our guilles had led us to expect.   On the opposite side an Indian
canoe was discovered, and was brought across by two men who
swam over for it.     The  regulars immediately commenced
crossing; and  although they only amounted to about two hun-
dred and sixty, it was nearly noon before they had effected the
passage.   In the meantime, the volunteers had been engaged in
driving over their horses; and a raft  of green poles had been
constructed, on which some of the saddles were carried over1;
but it was so heavy, and sunk so deep in the water, that it was
of but very little service.    So soon as the regulars were over,
the volunteers commenced crossing in the canoe, which, under
the best management, would carry only from five to seven per-
sons, two of whom were generally found necessary tocarry the
boat back again; and it required balling every lrip,topreventitfil-
ling with water It is to be remembered that the volunteers had¡to
take their saddles and saddlebags with them in the canoe; and
therefore could not cross with the same rapidity as the regu-
lars, who marched in with I heir knapsacks on their backs.
When the action commenced, not more than thirty or forty of
the volunteers had crossed the river, of whom a large number
were officers.   Some of them had swam over; and being una-
ble tocarry their guns with them, were in a defenceless situa-
tion until supplied from the opposite   side.   They marched
boldly into the fight, and behaved with as much intrepidity as
any men on that field.   They formed a line extending from the
river bank nearly to the left flank of the regulars; and it was
owing to their position, and the gallantry with which they
fought, that the regulars were not surrounded and cut offby
the enemy.   During the fight, the volunteers continued to cross
as fastas possible, and join in the action.   Many attempted to
swim the river, but, in every instance, I believe it was found
impassible to cross in that manner without getting their arms
wet, and their ammunition destroyed.   At one time I ordered
the whole force ta mount and charge the river; but it was found
impracticable, from the cause just mentioned, and the order
was countermanded.   Some swam nearly over, canying their
guns above the water; but, from exhaustion, were compelled to
drop them."
On the reception of General Call's letter, from
which the above extract is made, General Macomb
returned the following letter:
"Hbad Quarters op the Armt,
Washington, Aue 21,1837.
"Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of the 3J instant, on the subiect of that part of my annual
report made to the Secretary of War last yeai, which gives an
account of the operations of the army in Florida against the
Seminóles, especially in reference to the affair of the Withla-
coochie; in which report, you think that iniusiice has been
done to the Florida volunteers then under your command.
"The report to which you allude was based on the official in-
formation which had been received by me; and had I been fur-
nished with sodetailed astatementofthe affdirof the3lst De-
cember, 1833, with the explanations, as that whichyou now pre-
sent in the communication above referred to, it would have af-
forded me the greatest satisfaction to have reiterated the praise
you bestow on the Florida volunteers who followed you on that
occasion to the banks of the Withlacoochie. It was far from
any indention on my part to do injustice to the patriotic volun-
teers who so promptly rallied under your standard on the signal
of danger; but, as before observed, I had no means of stating why
they did not cross the river at the moment of the attack on the
regulars, who were in position on its opposite bank. I will cause
your communication to be put on file in the Adjutant Gene-
ral's office, and besides, with this letter, give it publicity
through th« public print , that the world may, by means of
your statement, be made more fully acquainted with the part
the Florida volunteers took in the battle of the Withlacoochie.
"With respectful considerations,
"I am, s r, your most obedient servant,
"ALEX. MACOMB,
"Major General, commanding in chief.
"To his Excellency, R K. Call, Governor of Florida "
Why is it thai General Clinch, m his original
report, failed to Rive an explanation so essential to
the reputation of a brother soldier?     And why is
it that he has permitted the letter of General Call,
and the answer of General Macomb, to be spread
before the world for the last three years, without
notice?
It gives me much pleasure, Mr. Chairman, to
say that the battle of the 31st of December, 1836,
fought mainly by the command of General Clinch,
was one of much gallantry, and that the command-
ing general, on that occasion, plucked the only lau-
rels that have ever been won in Florida, as far as
the reputation of a soldier depends upon the plau-
dits of the world. I am only at a loss to know
why he has failed to do justice to a man quite as
brave as himself—yes, sir, as brave as any man.
Mr. Chairman, the delicate attitude in which the
conduct of General Call is left by the different re-
ports made of this battle, induces me to relate an
anecdote of that gentleman, which, I think, will
convince every one that he never intentionally kept
out of a battle when duty required him to be in it.
In the night fight at New Orleans, on the 28th of
December, 1814, there were some moments of con-
fusion, and great peril. At one time, it was as-
certained that some of our friends were firing on the
rear of the 44th regiment, to which Call (then a
lieutenant) belonged; at the same moment, a re-
port prevailed that General Coffee, who had gone
on in advance, was firing on its front. Sir, it was
one of those moments which leaves a burning
spot upon the memory for ever—one in which all
that brave men can do, is to perish without a strag-
gle. At this momentous crisis, Lieutenant Call
sprang from the ranks, and advanced in the face of
a heavy fire, until he saw, by the flash of their own,
guns, the uniform of the British soldiers, which
enabled the 44th, by forcing the front, to get clear
of the fire in the rear. Sir, I repeat it, that man
never shunned a battle. Of all the generals who
have commanded in Florida, thare is no one who
has more just cause of complaint than General
Call, and yet I know that no wrong was intended
him.
Some time about the 10th of October, he com-
menced his march to the Indian conntry, with about
thirteen hundred men, most of them from Ten-
nessee; and General Jackson then President, be-
lieved that army could and would conquer all the
Indians in the country. General Call was in high
spirits, and thought to close the war in a short time,
as all others have thought who have been in com-
mand there, bolh before and since; but like all
others, he was disappointed. This same With-
lacocchie again rolled its dark, deep waters
between him and the foe; and alter a skirmish
across it, he was compelled to return to Fort
Drane, after going to a point at which he had pre-
viously arranged for the establishing of a depot of
provisions, but which had failed by the sinking of
a steamboat at the mouth of the Withlacoo-
chie. The report of this campaign reached Gene-
ral Jackson in a most unfavorable form, and be at
once superseded General Call in the command-
In the meantime, <3eneral Call returned, and
fooght three battles, in all of which he acquit-
ted himself much to his credit, and to the satis-
faction of the President. In his different operations
in Florida, his army killed fifty-six Indians.
The t eatment received by General) Call shows
conclusively that General Jackson did nut, in the
slightest degree, permit his feelings to interfere
wiih his duty, for there were few men in the world
he prized higher than General Cal1; and finally
justice was done him.
I will conclude what I have to say of General
Call by reading an extract of a letter to the War
Department from General Jesnp, by whom he was
superseded:
"As an art of justice to Governor Call, I take occasion to say
(and I stake my professional reputation on the correctness of
the remark) that no man could, under the circumstances in
which be was placed, have done more than he has done. He
had the summer, it is said in the public print*, to prepare for
jl a winter campaign; but he could not establish post  without
