ért>
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, I 4o.
26th Cono.......1st Sess.
seemed to be presented to them; but an old rat,
who bad witnessed all the cat's proceedings, and
seen the destruction she had brought upon his race,
after looking very steadily at the heap, spoke out to
his fellow rats as follows: "Something whispers me
there is more than meal in that pile—it may be
meal, it is true, but there may be something else
under it, we shall not relish quite so well." The
application is this: after General Jackson had ve-
toed the bill for a recharter of the United States
Bank, and after the Congress elected upon'that
question had pronouaced the judgment of the people
that it should not be rechartt red, in the year 1835,
an important election occurred in Pennsylvania for
Governor and members of the Legislature, in which
the Republican party were unfortunately divided.
In order to produce a union against the common
enemy, some of both divisions of that party
presented the danger of a charter of that Bank
by the State, should the Opposition succeed through
our divisions. Those rising fears were at once
calmed by the soothing persuasion of the Opposi-
tion that the Bank was dead, and it was nonsense
to keep up any alarm on that account—that no
further evil could come from that quarter. The
Republican party were defeated, and no" sooner
bad the Opposition possessed themselves of the
power, than the Bank was sprung upon the people
of that State against all their remonstrances, under
the specious title of "An act to repeal the State tax
on real and personal property, to continue and ex-
tend the improvements of the State by railroads
and canals, and to charter a State bank to be called
the Bank of the United States," and fastened upon
then, as is contended, for thirty years. The plun-
der obtained by that stratagem is probably now
pretty well exhausted, and the institution reduced
te short commons, and must soon starve, unless
by some new artifice, its hungry cravings can be sa-
tisfied. Is that new artifice, this city log cabin con-
trivance, through, or by means of which the bank is
to be brought back to the people? I am sorry my
colleague is not in his seat to inform me. I take it
then, that the "lost Constitution" spoken of by my
colleague in his Baltimore speech, is the bank—
the cat concealed; the log cabin show is the meal,
the deception by which it is covered, and through
which it is to be brought back upon the people,
and according to Mr. Webster, to be chartered for
fifty years. If this be not the meaning, I am totally
at a loss to understand the figure.
Gentlemen, here, during the debate, have spoken
incidentally in high terms of the United States
Bank, yet none have put it distinctly forth as the
antagonist to the Independent Treasury. Sir, with
all the bitter condemnation which has been peured
forth against this measure by those opposed to it
here and elsewhere, have we not a right to demand
—have the people not a right to demand of them a
specification of their charges? A distinct, frank,
and open avowal of their principles and of their
plan? Whether the United States Bank, State
bank, or the States themselves?
As the United States Bank, from what has been
said here and elsewhere, appears to be the most ap-
proved plan of thp Opposition for managing the
fiscal affairs of the Government, and no doubt is
their only one, if they had frankness encugh to say
■o, I shall first consider that, contrasted with the
Independent Treasury.
It has been repeatedly stated, over and over
again, with apparent confidence, that the United
States Bank had furnished a safe,sonnd, and uniform
currency throughout its whole existence; and this
sw eeping assumption has been permitted to pass
without much rtmark or contradiction since this
debate commenced. Statements, calculations, and
figures, have been exhibited in mathematical array,
showing plausibly upon paper the excellences and
perfections of a National Bank, as were by Law
and Pa'terson in former limes, by which the scheme
was presented to a superficial glance, as most
beaut.ful, sp'endsd, and incontrovertible,remmdirg
me forcibly of the paper town and western cities
during the rage for speculation some years since.
It was no uncommon occurrence at that time, to
see at one of our comfortable hotels in a flourish-
ing village, a grave, serious, well dressed man, as-
suming the consequential air and dignity of a
Independent Treasury—Mr. Galbraith.
wealthy land holder, exhibiting beautiful maps of
towns and cities in the West, and lots and squares,
parks and retreats, wiih bays or rivers adjoining,
and store houses, churches, and public buildings
arranged in the most attracting order, and accord-
ing to most fashionable taste. He could sit down
and make his calculations upon paper—arrange his
figures in the most unerring mathematical order,
and demonstrate to a crowd of anxious applicants
to purchase, that they could pay one or two thou-
sand dollars for a lot, and after making ten, fifteen,
or twenty per cent, discount, could still clear from
one to ten thousand dollars in a single purchase.
The bargains are soon struck—the whole town
sold off with all its suitable appendages—the deeds
made and delivered and the money paid. The
purchasers sell to others at a large advance, and
they to others, and they to others again, and while
confidence is kept up that the paper lots really re-
jl present substantial well located and built up terra
' firma, the price advances, and all goes on well,
I until the deed holders come to look for the reality,
and either find no land there, or find, instead of a
splendid growing town, a wild ague swamp with
not a single inhabitant within fifty miles of it;
when the whole scheme blows up and the last deed
■ holders are ruined. Now what difference is there
between a paper town, or a paper house without
reality to represent, and a paper bank or pa-
per money which represents nothing, or not
more than a fifth or tenth what it professes to do?
But to the bold and confident assumption
that the United States Bank had always furnished
a safe, sound, and uniform currency. Sir, I deny
it, and propose to give the proof. That the notes
of that Bank passed at par at the different points of
the United States, if such were admitted to be the
"fact, is a delusive criterion that it furnished a uni-
form currency. With the credit of the Govern-
ment, and its notes taken in payment of all public
! dues by law, it could scarcely be otherwise—pieces
of brown paper with such an endorsement would
pass at par also. A much more certain criterion
of a sound and uniform currency is the price of any
given commodity of general use at a given place.
I admit this may be varied by the circumstance of
the scarcity or abundance of the article—the de-
mand and supply—but these being equal, ¡Í the
price of any article of general use, one of the neces-
saries of life, is very fluctuating, it is conclusive
evidence in my judgment, that the currency by
which the value is measured, must itself be fickle
and unsound. Again: the quantity of the circu
lating meriod at given periods, is a much safer
guide by which to determine its uniformity of value
than its passing at par. If its quantity varies
greatly in a brief period of time, it may beset down
pretty certainly as unsound and irregular; although
I again admit that there may be circumstances ren-
dering a greater or less quantity necessary to mea-
sure the commodities to be exchanged; but to vary
the quantity rapidly, there must be some extraordi-
nary circumstances to retain its value the same.
Now let us try the soundness and uniformity of the
currency furnished by that Bank by these tests.
The United States Bank was chartered on the 10th
April, 1816, and went into operation 1st January,
1817, when, according to Mr. Crawford's report,
made the 12lh February, 1820, and reprinted in
January, 1834, the amount of the currency of the
Usited States was $ 110,000,000, and at the time of
his report, within three years, it was reduced to
$45 000,000.
The following table is taken from Hazard's Re-
gister, exhibiting the price oí flour averaged
throughout the same years, inclusive, and presents
very clearly the effect of the fluctuations produced
by the bank upon the necessary article of flour dur-
ing the same time.
Year.               Price of flour in Philadelphia.
1817-      -          -          -          - #11 79
1818       -          -          -          -     9 96
1819       -          -          -          -     7 11
1820       -                      '                4 72
It is thus shown that in the commencement of
the year 1817, when the quantity of the circulating
medium of the United States was one hundred and
ten millims of dollars, the price of flour at Phila-
delphia was ekven dollars and seventy-nine cents
_________________________H. of Reps.
per barrel, (in fact, by the monthly prices curren
for that year, it appears to have been $13 50 per
barrel in the month of January, #11 79 being the
average for the whole year,) and with¡n three
years afterwards the circulation was reduced to
forty-five millions of dollars, and the price of floor
at the same place was four dollars and seventy-two
I   cents per barrel.   The price here i? computed in
1 par money, (United States Bank paper if y01J
please,) one dollar of which, in 1820, would pur.
chase as much flour as two dollars and forty-five
cents in 1817, if tested by the price of that article,
and if tested by the quantity of circulation, as   «
' much as two dollars and fifty-five cents in 1817.
The effects of its fluctuations upon the price of la-
bor, would be found to be still worse, if we bad the
advantage of tables to refer to. I aive below a ta-
ble taken from the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, made in January, 1839, 5.h vol. Execu-
tive Document No. 227, pase 6S7, which exhibits
the state of the circulation of the United Stales
Bank itself,/or the first three years after that in
which it went into operation:
i          Year.                                   Circulation.
.          1818       -          -          -       $8,339,448
I          1819       -          -          -        6,563,750
1820       -          -          -        3,588,481
' The state of the public deposites in the Bank, as
contained in the report of the Committee of Ways
and Means of the House of Representatives, April,
1832, 4ih vol. Rep. Committees, No. 360, at page
279, corre*pond pretty nearly with the amount of
its circulation. By the above table of circulation
it will be seen that even with the advantage of the
public deposites and the credit of the United States
into the bargain, the Bank was either unwilling or
' unabl?, not only to regulate the general circulation,
' of which its notes constituted but the 15th part, but
even its own, so as to render it either safe, sound,
or uniform. With such enormous fluctuations,
both in the quantity of circulation, and in the
prices, as shown by the tables above, the assump-
' tion of safe, sound, and uniform currency, is ut- ,
teily ridiculous, under any circumstances that
could possibly have existed, even (hough the paper
of the Bank was at par. History has recorded
some evidence of the ruinous and distressing ef-
fects of this fluctuation upon the business of the
country. I picked up the 16th volume of Niles's
Register, running through a part of the year
1819, which is full of instructive history upon
that subject.   I will not take time at present to do
¡ more than present a few brief extracts. In that
paper of the 10th April, 1819, is an article headed,
"MONEr      MATTERS—PROSPECTS     AHEAD,"     from
which I quote the following: "We have doleful
accounts of the commercial distress and scarcity
of money in England and Prance. * * *
From all parts of our own country we- bear of
severe pressure on men in business, a general
stagnation in trade, a large reduction in the price
of staple articles. Real property is rapidly depre-
ciating in its nominal value, and its rents or pro-
, fits are exceedingly diminishing." It then pro-
ceeds to describe some of the commercial distresses
in the country, and states some of the causes, and
goes  on:   "Another   cause, in our opinion, has
I hurried or heaped those ills upon us, in a design to
force the people to acquiesce in a national currency
I    of paper—THE CONSUMMATION OF EVILS."
The article here has reference to the United States
Bank.    In the same paper of June 5th, 1819, is
II   the following: "For several months past, the pres- <
, sure giew heavier and heavier. Great saerifices '
I of property of every description took place, and
many large mercantile houses, as well as honest
i farmers and mechanics, (dealing in banks and run-
! ning in  debt,) failed.   So extensive were those
1 among the merchants of the cities east of Balti-
more, that it seamed to be disreputable to stop pay-
1   rnent for less   than $100 000.   The   fashionahle
| amount was from $200,000 to $300,000, &c." de-
tailing, in s'rong and clear terms, the distress, and
the ruinous course of the United States Bank.   I"
aa article in that paper of June 12ih, of the same
year, after speaking of similar distresses and the
same cause, it is said, "Let us then resist every    ,
succedaneum that may give rise to fresh gamblings
in paper.   It is the laboring people who at last
