June, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
26th Cowo...«Ist Srss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Galbraith.
H. of Reps.
mast pay the losses made by them."   • *
"All that we have suffered or ar« now suffering
will have to be suffered again, if we yield one iRch
to the monopolizers." • * • "It is cash
payments only, thai can defend the people from
swindling banks and banker*." In that paper of
the 7th August of that year, it is stated that m the
three cities of New York, Philadelphia and Balti-
more, there were 50,000 laborers thrown out of em-
ployment, and estimates thtt loss to the community
at $300,000 per month. Running through this va-
luable workit will be found filled with accounts of
failures of banks and merchants—a general dis-
tress and suffering, and thousands thrown out of
employment, or obliged to labor for a mere pit-
tance; and, in the paper of the 21st of August, is
an article headed "Bank of the United States," in
which those evils are largely spoken of; and it is
farther said, "never did an institution exist that
more completely blasted the public expectation than
this Bank has done." Some lime previous to this
the president of the Bank, Mr. Jones, had left it, I
believe, between two days, and Langdon Chev¿«
had been appointed in his stead. Mr. Cheves, in
his exposition to the stockholders of the situation
of the Bank, states that "in Philadelphia it was ge-
nerally expected that the Bank would be obliged to
stop payment. Mr. White, cashier of the branch
of the United States Bank of Baltimore, in a letter
to the Secretary of the Treasury, speak  of the dis-
tresses of 1819, "a sudden scarcity of money in
1823—numerous and extensive failures in New
York, Savannah, Charleston, and New Orleans, in
1825—-great convulsions among banks and other
institutions in 1826—io the winter of 1827-8, and
in 1839-30, and thinks this properly attributed to
over trading from over banking." In the fall of
1825, as confirmed by the testimony of the presi-
dent of the Bank before the Committee of "Ways
and Means in 1832, the Bank was only saved by a
rapid visit of bis to New York to seek a gentleman
who was preparing to draw specie from the Phila-
delphia banks to pay the instalments a new bank
in New Orleans, and avert a demand for specie
for the nse of the Bri.ish Government in Canada;
the fate of the country, so far as its fiscal affairs
were concerned, thus hanging suspended upon the
success of a midnight visit to New York of a single
individual, subject to all casualties, to implore in-
dulgence from a British agent, or a broker for a
New Orleans bank! In the letter of the Secretary
of the Treasury submitting his reasons for the re-
moval of the deposites in 1833, it is stated that
from the 1st of January, 1831, until the 1st of May,
1832, (sixteen months,) the Bank had extended its
line of discounts and loans from #42,402,304 24
to the enormous sum of $70,428,070 72, and,
as appears by a report of the Committee
on Finance of the Senate, made by its
chairman, Mr. Tyler, (the Opposition candidate
sow for Vice President,) in 1834, at pages 320 and
321, $322,199 of that amount were to fifty-nine
members of Congress, who were to vote on the
question of its recbarter, the following session,
when its petition for recharter was was presented
sad pressed. During the very time of this ex-
tension of its loan*, it refused, as the fiscal agent
of the Government, to pay the public debt required
of it, although there were deposites of the Go-
vernment ia its po-session exceeding the amount
required, over (3,000,000,-and sought secretly, in
violation of a positive provision of the charter,
to postpone and purchase the debt, through an
-arrangement with the house of Baring, Brothers,
and Company, in London. In the month of Au-
gust, 1833, it commenced a system of excessive
and uncalled for curtailment^and in two months
had contracted its accommodation to the amount
of |4,066,146 21, durkg which time also it had re-
ceived an increase of public deposites withdrawn
from the community to the amount of $2,268,-
504 11, thus unnecessarily withdrawing from the
business of the country in the short space of
two months, six millions three hundred and thirty-
four thousand six hundred and fifty dollars and
thirty-two cents, nearly twice the whole amount of
its entire circulation in 1820. The reason urged
for this contraction was the near approach of the
expiration of its charter, and yet more than a year
afterwards, when that reason would be, of course,
much stronger, it again expanded, in the course of
a few months, nearly twenty millions of dollars.
With such enormous and rapid expansions and
contractions, whether from necessity cr defign, can
it be possible that the currency furnished by it
could be uniform? We have ssen from the
prices of one of the best articles to test by, thatjt
was the reverse, as, of course, it must have   been.
An honorabb member -from Kentucky (Mr.
White) a few days since had urged as an argu-
ment against the Independent Treasury, that it
was anti-Union; and intimated that as Kentucky
could derive no benefit from this Government ex-
cept that of a United States Bank, she would be
for dissolving the Union without it. Let us see
what money was furnished for that proud State by
the United State Bank—we have some evidence on
that subject. In 2d Peters's Reports of the
decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States, page 527, is a case in which the bank i*
plaintiff against several defendants, the drawer and
endorsers of a note for $5,000 discounted at the
branch at Lexington, and dated 7ih Febrnary,
1822. The defence was set out in a special plea,
in substance that the consideration of the note was
usurious and corrupt, having been obtained for
money of the Bank of Kentucky as its nominal va-
lue, which was at a discount of forty six per cent,
or 100 dollars, worth but 54 dollars—and the
transaction forbidden by the 9th section of the fun-
damental rules of the charter, which forbade it to
"take more than at the rate of six per centum per
annum for or upon its loans or discounts." These
facts were admitted by the pleadings, and the de-
cision was against the bank. Mr. Clay and Mr.
Sergeant appear to have been counsel for the bank,
and no counsel for the defendants. This was the
kind of currency it appears to have furnished to
the people of Kentucky—paper at 46 per cent, dis-
count, of a bank which was probably ñrst reduced
to that situation by the very operations of the United
States Bank itfelf, for which it sought to recover
and probably in many cases not resisted, received
tn gold and silver, or perhaps properly at a great
sacrifice the full nominal amount.
It has been urged that the United States Bank
would regulate exchange. What do we learn by
experience upon that subjec1? If we look over the
rates of exchange and prices of bank notes col-
lected by the Secretary of the Treasury, and sub-
mitted to the Senate in May, 1838, Doc No. 457,
extending from 1814 to 1837, it will be seen that
the rates of exchange were much more irregular
after the United States' Bank got fairly into opera-
tion than, before. I had intended to present a con-
densed table showing this result conclusively, but
found it could not be done without occupying too
much space. I quote a paragraph from Mr.
Gauge's excellent treatise upon paper money and
banking, which is fully sustained by the prices
current of the day. After giving a copy of the
prices current of country bank notes at Philadel-
phia through the years 1816, '17, '18, '19 and '20,
which show a gradual and regular depreciation
through the years 1816, and 1817, he says: "In
his speech of January 2, 1815, Mr. Webster said,
"the depreciation of the notes of all the banks in
any place, is, as far J can learn, general, uniform,
and equal." * * * " This equality lasted for
some time after it became the custom to give regu-
lar quotations of the price of bank paper. It will
be seen by inspecttngthe tab'.e.that in May, 1816, the
notes of twenty-seven out of thirty-five country
banks of Pennsylvania were at a discount of ten
per cent. It will also be seen that the discount
was diminished with a regulaiity approximating to
uniformity up to May, 1818. In the succeeding
July, the United States Bank cemmenced its cur-
tailment; and then the great confusion in exchanges
began " It must necessarily be so, with an insti-
tution possessing the credit as well as the funds of
the Government—which is alternately expanding
and contracting at brief and irregular intervals.
It must necessarily deal destruction and ruin at
each vibration either way, either upon the debtor or
creditor class, and throw all commercial business
into confusion and disorder, as history informs us .
was the case with the late National Bank.   The
It
circulation in the United States has been greatly
diminishing tor the last three years as appears by
the annual statements of the Secretary of the Trea-
sury, from $149,000,000 in 1837, to $106,000,000
the pre-ent year, and consequently it is proportion-
ately appreciating in value, and if no engine of vi-
olence be thrown into it, such as the United States
Bank of 1816 proved to be, in a year or two more,
with the gradual, moderate and progressive correc-
tion provided in this bill, we may expect a state of
currency approaching uniformity and regularity in
all the affairs of community.
The sweeping argument, if it may be called such,
which has been urged against the Independent
Treasury, out of which it seems intended to ma-
nufacture political capital, is, that it establishes one
currency for the Government and another for the
people. If there be any weight in this, which I de-
ny, how do gentlemen escape the answer, that it ap-
plies as forcibly to a United States Bank, as to the
Independent Treasury, upon their own positions?
They insist that a United States Bank currency is
better than that of the State banks, and that the re-
venue be collected in it. They do not propose to
abolish the State banks; and therefore a large por-
tion of the currency would continue to be the paper
of the State banks. The late Bank of the United
States sometimes furnished about the l-15th and
at others about l-5ih part of the whole currency.
Now, according to such argument, here is l-5tn
or l-15th better currency for the Government,
and 14-15ths, or 4-5ths worse currency for the peo-
ple. But I will not occupy time in answering such
objections—who does net know, that the Govern-
ment and the people are the same? What is col-
lected from one portion of the people with one band,
is immediately paid out to another port.on with the
other. It is most largely collected from dealing
and business men, and most largely paid out to
soldiers, sailors, old soldiers and widows of soldiers
and laboréis in the employment of the Govern-
ment, who agan pay it away to farmers, mscha-
nics, and others for the necessaries of life, and thus
is kept in constant circulation l.ke blood through-
out the healthy system. If the Government have
a sound currency, the people to whom the Govern-
ment belongs will have a sound currency.
Sir, I have thus briefly and imperfectly prf sent-
ed some of the numerous objections to what may
perhaps well be considered as the only, at least the
main substitute which the Opposition would or
could propose for the measure under considera-
tion, and in doing so, I think I have answered
some of the complaints and objections to this.
These objections against a United States Bank, of
themselves formidable—I think insurmountable—
arise, even on the admission, which I do not con-
cede, of the power and the right in this Govern-
ment to establish such an institution. That great
and deep question of constitut'onal law is involved,
and lies behind and rises infinitely higher than any
connected with mere expediency or policy, and if
rightly decided in the negative, must close up all
further inquiry. I do not propose, at present, to
go into that great question, further than merely to
glance at it. Whenever a National Bank shall be
distinctly proposedas an affirmative, I shall endeavor
to be prepared, fully to meet and discuss the ques-
tion of its constitutionality. It is, perhaps, suffi-
cient, until that proposition 's distinctly submitted
for consideration, that many of the wisest states-
men and soundest politi al lawyers this country
has produced, among whom was the immortal Jef-
ferson, hesitated not to declare their opinion in the
strongest and boldest terms that no such powe: was
ever conferred upon this Legislaure. They point
us to the Constitution itself, in which is found no
such power expresily conferred, but contain? the
pes'tive provision, that "the powerj not delegated
to the United States by the Constitution, nor pro-
hibited by it, to the States, are reserved to the
States respectively, or to the people." They also
point us to the proceedings of the convention by
which the Constitmion was framed, in which it
appears that the proposition to confer the power of
granting corporate privileges was expressly nega-
tived. They point us again to the provision in the
Constitution that "Congress shall have power to
coin money, regulate the value thereof, and of fr>
