era
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
iffTH   C0NG."-1<!T Skss.
Indfpmdent Treasury—Mr Galbraith.
H. ot Repg.
reign cotii," and telt u^  i'h unanswerable force
th*t ihi- power iu Constre^  is fi 'unary, a trust
that i he/ have no right to delegate; and that the
incorporation ot a Bank with power to manufac-
ture paper mo.iey, is a transfer of that high attri-
bute ot soveteigmy, and enables the Bank to re-
gulate, not only the va ue ot coin, by determining
how much it shall buy, but of every other commo-
dity. I am awaie thit the Supreme Court of the
United S.ates, did de.i e that the act of 1816 in
corporatmg the Ba-ik of the United States wascon-
sttiuiiooal. For the decision* ot that court, upon
pare h-gal que-uons, I entertain the highest regard,
and boid i hem as binding and conclusive upon aU
questions arismg under any particular law in ex-
istence, so lonj as it remains but there the autho-
rity ot tie judiciary ends. When the law expires,
or when the legislature contempt a'e to repeal it, it
becomes, so far as such decision is concerned, an
open question—a great political question in which
the legislative h not bound by the opinion of the
judiciary branch of the Government—it is co-ordi-
nate, original, and sovereign. Again, it is not only
necessary that the power should exist, bnt that it
should be undisputed, or at least could not be plau-
sibly denied. This will never be the case with
that question while the Constitution remains as it
is—there will always be a large and respectable
portion, if not a majority of the people of this conn-
try who never can believe that the Constitution
confers upon Congress the power to incorporate a
National Bank; and with such decided sentiment
against it, it can never enjoy that stability necessa-
ry to such an institution, apart from the abstract
question upon its merits. But has not this nation
decided the question as to a National Bank? We
know that when President Jackson vetoed the bill
to recharter the United States Bank in 1832, the
issne was nude to the country, not only in the
Presidential election, but in the eleetien of mem-
bers to this body in the 331 Congress. The sub-
ject was submitted to the Committee of Ways and
Means in this House, who afier fall investigation
reported certain resolutions for adoption, the first
ef which was in the following words: "Resolved,
That the Bink of the United States ought not to
be rechanered;" which, upon long and free dis-
cussion was decided by the body, elected as before
reoaaiked with distinct reference to that question,
in the affirmative, by a vote of 134 to 83, (see the
vote OB the Journal, 1st session, Twenty-Third
Congress, page 483'4 ) This df cisión, it is true,
related only to the bank then in exis'ence, and jus-
tified by history and facts, already briefly referred
to, independent of the abstract question of consti-
tutionally, and its justice confirmed by the conduct
of the bank soon afterwards, in closing its doors,
in direct violation of an express provision of its
charter, against a committee appointed by foor-
fifihs of this body, to investigate its affairs; yet it is
well known, that the constitutional question entered
largely into its consideration, and formed the turn-
ing point of the decision against it; so ranch so, at
least, as to deter the introduction of a similar insti-
tution, without a new and contrary demonstration
by the people themselves. It was certainly very
conclusive, so far as related to the then existing
bank; and apart from the constitutional objection,
have gentlemen furnished any reasons to expect
anew institution wonld be free from the evils and
objections resulting from the lormer one? That it
wonld not produce the fame rapid and irregular re-
daction of the circulation and consequent suffering
and distress as that did? and that we would not ex-
perience the same ruin, breaking up of banks and
business men, the same inordinate fluctuations and
reduction of pneej which were suffered in 1819
and 1830?
It seems to me, therefore, that any plan con-
nected with the establishment of a National Bank
must be regarded as oat of the question; and that
the Executive was not only justified in so consi-
dering it, but that he was bound ro do so.
Thtn what other plan has been proposed or
even pointed to in the course of this debite? Much
has been incidentally thrown out in sympathy for
Bute banks; bnt has any one dared to submit the
proposition to continue them as the depositories
during their suspension of specie  paymen's?   I
think I am jusnhrd in declaring that no one has
ventured such a p'an for consideration. Ha* any
one proposed t > extend the deposite , with the States,
o' money wanted fur the public servic? I b> lieve
no one. This was the hobby of the Opposition
party in 1836, when there was a large surplus of
public revenue not needed for the public ser-
vice. The cry was ever and anon, "it is the
people's money, and ought to be distiibuied
to the States." It was a^ked as an abso-
lve distribution; but it was known that the old
Ro nan, then in the Executivechair, would not give
his «.inctton to it as such. To avoid this difficulty
it was put in the form of a deposite, and in that
form received his reluctant consent and became a
law. For this law I voted, under an impression
that it was consistent wuh the wishes of a large
majority of my constituents, under the peculiar
circumstances of an enormous surplus revenue that
might be applied to State purposes, and woull not
be wanted for the national service for years, I con-
fess, not without great apprehensions of its evil
and embarrassing results upon the finances of the
country. It was a measure of the Opposition party
—claimed as such, and rendered plausible by their
ingenuity and unceasing efforts to op«rate upon
public opinion in its favor; bnt I am now satisfied,
as I then feared, that it was one of the most unfor-
tunate financial measures that have been adopted,
or even proposed in a long series of years. The
sudden transfer o'~ so large sums of money from
their natural channels, produced a state of disorder
and confusion throughout the whole system, and
was one of the principal causes of the suspension
of specie payments, which occurred shortly after it
went into operation. I take this occasion to say
that I have always regretted that vote; tht only one
while I had the honor of a seat here; and if forgiven
for it, promise that I shall never be caught in a
Whig popularity trap again. I now believe, that
had not the scheme of the deposite with the States
been adopted, the State banks would have conti-
nued to perform the trust coDfided to them tinder
the act of 1836, and would-not have been forced
to a suspension, and the occasion would not have
existed for providing a different mode for the cus-
tody of the public money. The scheme has had
its day, and whatever good purposes it may have
served for the States, it has had a most unfortunate
effect upon the fiscal concerns of this Government.
No one now advocates or proposes that plan.
Then, sir, I ask—in the name of my constituents
I demand of the party opptfed to this measure,
having made it a paity opposition, what plan or
substitute they do propose? I have beard none
other even hinted at than what I have already no-
tied.
Mr. Chairman, I shall now take a brief no-
tice of the charges preferred against th? late
Administration by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Marvin] which has baen repeated by others,
in waging war upon the United States Bank, the
creation of new State banks, and urging and advi-
sing them to extend their circulation, and thus in-
volving the country in debt by excessive importa-
tions, <fcc. The gentleman's position reminded me
somewhat of an able counsellor I once saw in the
trial of a cause in a county court He made a
statement of his client's case, which was an action
for an assault and battery, very fully; according to
which a plain case of gross and unprovoked out-
rage was committed upon his client; but when he
came to call his witnesses and produce the proof in
support of his statement, every witness either
proved nothing at all, or that the plaintiff was the
aggressor. He immediately entered a non-suit.
Just so with the honorable gentleman—his state-
ment is strong, conclusive, and full, but his wit-
nesses all contradict it, or at least do not support it.
As to the war upon the bank, perhaps enough has
been already said of the history of ihat institution,
and of its acts, to render any thing fur-htr upon that
subject unnecessary; but the gentleman h*s refer-
red to one or two documents which I shall merely
notice. In order to show that our excessive im-
ports over exports was a'tnbutable to General
Jackson'  hostility to Hi  United States Bank, he read
an article from Hazard's Register, vol. 1, page 427,
in one pait of which it is said that "at the close of
1830, our accounts were about square with foreign
nations, &c" To make this article fit his
statement, he dates the war upon the bank at that
period (1830) Now, in the fist place, I think there
is some inaccuracy in the conclusion in the article,
from its own figures and statements. By the tablts
presented abave this conclu ion that "at the close
if 1830 our accounts were about equal, &c." it
shows an excess of imports over exports, including
1830,  of $37,662 950 and an indebtedness by the
sale of State stocks, of of more than $26,000,000,
and an excels of exports of specie of something short
of $3 500,000. How the writer draws the conclu-
sion that we were then about square, is nr t for me
to reconcile. But the gentleman did not tell us that
us that the very same article in Hazard's Register,
from which he quotes, states the fact "ihat the
United States Bank, and subsequt ntly the Pennsylva-
nia United States Bank, have been the chief chan-
nels through which the Sta'e stocks have been
poured into the London markets." But, again,
the gentleman is opposed by what, I suppose, I
am at liberty to call bis own witnesses, as to the
time i his alltged war upon the Bank commenced.
The stock directors of the Bank, in a memorial,
laid upon the table of members in December, 1833,
at page 19, answering a charge against them ot cir-
culating political speeches, &c. say, "in December,
1831,  the Secretary of the Treasury, with the full
approbation of the President, had spoken in the
most favorable terms of the Bank, and he did not
sign his veto message against it until July, 1832,
up to which period it was doubtful whether he
would veto it, and of course it was unknown
whether the Bank would have the least reason to
be opposed to his election." The excess of im-
ports would seem, by the article quoted, to have
commenced in 1828, before General Jackson was
elected at all; but, at all events, not later than
1831, a year or more before the war, according to
the testimony of the Bank. But the removal of the
deposites did not take place until October, 1833,
until which time the United States Bank was the
fiscal agent and undisturbed depository of the Go-
vernment; at which time the excess of imports over
exports, according to that article, was about ninety
millions of dollars, and an indebtedness by the
sale of State stocks, about fifty-five millions. This
removal of the deposites did not take place either,
until about two months after the Bank commenced
its extraordinary curtailment in August, 1833, al-
ready referred to. It thus appears that the Bank
was the aggressor, and by its agency a large in-
debtedness, both by an excess of importations and
the sale of State stocks, was incurred before aay
war existed. As to the charge of the creation of
new State banks under the direction of that Admi-
nistration, no evidence has been furnished, and the
fact is otherwise. That there has been a great in*
crease of State banks since 1830, both before and
after the expiration of the charter of the United
States Bank in 1836,237 before, and 344 since, I
am free to acknowledge. I will not now retort the
charge, that this forced creation of State banks was
the result of the policy opposed to the late and pre-
sent Administrations, with design to bring about
an excessive State bank circulation, and furnish
an argument for the creation of a National Bank;
but I should like gentlemen to account for the fact,
fiat we find them generally, if not uniformly, char-
tered by Opposition votes in the State Le-
gislatures, as their journals will show. As
to the State banks being urged and ad-
vised to excessive circulation, the only evidence
referred to is the letter of the Secretary of the Trea-
sury to the Girard bank, of the 36th September,
1833, in which, after staling that the Department
had selected that bank to be one of the depositories,
he says: " the deposites of ihe public money will
enable you to afford increased facilities to com-
merce, and to extend your accommodation to indi-
viduals, &c." This, it mast be reelected, was at
the very time, when, as before seen, the United
States Bank had withdrawn from circulation from
the community upwards of six millions in two
months, and the greatest mercanii'e distress pre-
vailed in consequence, which formed one oí the
reasons for withdrawing the deposites from its cus-
tody, when thus employed to inflict distress up< a
