June, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67S
£6th Coif ..-1st Sbss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Galbraith.
H. oí Reps.
the country, to enforce its charter by Congress-
That the indication should be given, that the depo-
sites proposed I  be made with the bank would en-
able it to afford some relief, under such peculiar
circumstances, formfd not the slightest reason for
an enormous and excessive issue of bank paper.
Thai gentlemen belonging to the Opposition should
now so directly cban;e their complaint, from that
of denouncing the late Administration as hostile to
the credit system, because the Executive was un-
tiring in his recommendations of reform and re-
straint, to that of charging it with urging and ad-
vising them to an excessive circulation, would be
üvly remarkable, were it not in conformity with
the general coarse of that party.   When the Exe-
cutive recommended measures of restraint and re-
form upon the banking institutions as far as this
Government possessed any power so as to prevent
excessive issues, he was a tyrant, despot, and every
thing that ingenuiiy, combined with political ran-
cor, could denominate him; and when, encouraged
probably by that very clamor, they disregarded all
rules, and run to a boundless and lawless extrava-
gance until they could go no further, and the con-
sequences have come upon the country through a
general suspension of specie payments, the lamen-
tation is reversed, and then he is charged with en-
couragement and urging the banks to   expand.
Have gentlemen so soon forgotten  the general and
unceasing clamor about the specie circular?   Why
did they condemn that measure?   Was it not be-
cause it was calculated to restrain the issues of
the banks, and injure public credit?   Surely they
cannot hare forgotten this so soon.   Sir, the coun-
try has not forgotteu it.   The harsb, unwelcome
cry of ruin was souaded   throughout the country,
because credit was restrained and arrested; now the
fame party make the charge, apparently without
blushing, that credit was encourag;d and excessively
extended. If there was any one man in this country
more uniform and consistent than any other in
urging and advising and  acting whenever it was
legitimately in his power, against excessive and
extravagant bank issues, that man was the late
illustrious executive, Andrew Jackson;   and if
there was any one subject which he more uniform-
ly and steadily reprobated and exposed than ano-
ther, that subject was excessive bank expansions.
No man has said more and done more to expose
its evils to the country than he has done.   But his
administration needs no defence from me, and I
will notiessen its merits by attempting it.   This
country has approved it—th¿ world has admired
it, and posterity will praise it, while honesty and
wisdom and patriotism have a friend.
It has been objected to the Independent Treasu-
ry, that it will increase executive patronage, and
place the purse in the bands of the President. This
objection has been so fully answered by others; in-
deed, it is so palpably unfounded, that I do not feel
disposed to occupy time to enlarge upon it. That
the appointment of some half drzen officers and a
few clerks, bound by the most rigorous provisions
for their compliance with the law, and subject to
the control of Congre s as well as the President, at
any time, should be supposed to confer more pow-
er upon the Executive, so far as the purse is con-
cerned, than a union with one or fifty money cor-
porations, wiih all their officers, stockholders and
clerks, in times of plain common sense and reason,
might be calculated to excite to surprise; but in
times cf high party zeal, when we see that every
charge and every objection passes through the
alembic of partisan imagination, our suprise ceases.
Great pains have abo been taken to furni*h in-
stances of violation of public trust by individuals
tempted with the castody of the public money. No
one doubts that men of standing and respectability
have sank under temptations of that sort; but do
gentlemen forget, that it is one of the very pur-
poses of this bill to defend against the infirmities
of human nature, by placing every possible guard
around the trust? The friends of the measure
have thrown around it alt the guards they could
devise, predicated upon the weakness and suscep-
tibility of all to error; if other guards still stronger
can be devised by others, if proposed, they will no
doubt be accepted.
This measure has bee* discussed as though it
43
presented the broad question, and proposed the po-
licy of an exclusive metallic currency, as contrast-
ed with a mixed or pap?r currency.   Although se-
veral of its supporters have taken some notice of
the banking system in this country, and drawn
some comparisons between a paper and a specie
circulation, in favor of the lat:er, it was but in re-
ply to those opposed to the bill, who had spoken in
unmeasured terms of praise and eulogy upon the
credit system, and a bank paper circulation, and
had enlarged upon the impracticability and incon-
venience of a metallic circulation.   They did not
and could sot have regarded that question  as ne-
cessarily involved in this bill, further than the con-
version of the publje deposites into bank paper
credits for the use and benefit of banks and their
customer*—whether the banks, State or national,
were entitled to claim the money of the people lor
the avowed purpose of using it as so much capital
drawn from the people by indirect taxation for their
benefit.   The gentleman from New York, (Mr.
Marvin) complained that some of those who sup-
port the bill are in favor of hard money, and
others favor a mixed currency, yet all go for the
bill.   There are, no doubt, many who support this
bill, hard money men—who believe the whole sys-
tem of the manufacture of paper money by cor-
porations, whether created by the General or State
Legislature, as unjust and highly injurious—as
transferring to irresponsible bodies the high sove-
reign power of controlling the s'andard of value,
and enabling them, by enlarging and diminishing
the quantity of their circulation, to regulate, as
well the value of coin, as every thing else, as dan-
gerous and pernicious;    who believe, that how-
ever this system may suit Great Britain, whose
theory is, that a "public debt is a public blessing,"
where the Government is a consolidated one, ex-
tending all over the kingdom, and where the few
live in splendor, while the mass are reduced to po-
verty and wretchedness; it is entirely unsuited to
this country with its six and twenty separate sove-
reignties bound together by a Government of limit-
ed and prescribed powers—where a public debt is
regarded as an evil, and where the rights of all are
equal; yet that the system having been adopted ia
the States—debts contracted upon i's standard, false
as it may be, and all the affairs cf life somewhat
interwoven with it, its sudden  destruction would
produc; greit distress and utter ruin to thousand.*,
indeed the entire debtor class throughout the whole
country.   We are referred to the statement of the
condition of the banks in all the State.*, by which
it appears, that the amonut of their bills and notes
discounted is $462,896 5-23 the amount of their
notes in circulation $106 968.572, and the amount
of deposites $75,694,857, which apparently lsaves
the country indebted to the banks after deducting
the amount of their notes in the hands of the peo-
ple, and deposites made by them, to the amount of
$280,231,095; but it is believed that a very large
proportion of this apparent indebtedness is due by
the officers  and stockholders themselves, and thus
the debtors and creditors  to that amount are the
same.   What amount of this indebtedness is of
this c'ass, there have been no means of ascertain-
ing, still, that there is an indebtedness from the
country—the people,  to the banks, there is ho
doubt, and it might be a difficult question with
those most opposed to a bank paper circulation, to
determine the time and manner of avoiding the
evils and inconveniences resulting fiom the system.
Others who support this meisure,  believe that a
mixed currency in this country is necessary, and
cannot be dispensed with.   There  is no inconsis-
tency or irreconcileability in all this, as far as re-
girds this bill.    The question of exclusive me-
tallic or mixed currency is not involved in it.   It
is time enough to considsr that question, whenever
it shall be presented; and for one, I protest against
the issue on this b'll being extended beyond its
legitimate provisions and necessary results.
It has been objected to this measure, that it has
been decided against three times, and still the
President has, persisted in it. When, sir, I ask, and
how has it been decided? It was first recommend-
ed to the Twenty-fifth Congress at its special ses-
sion in 1837. It was then passed by the Sánate,
and in this House laid upon the table, and during
the three sessions of that Congress, it is true, it did
not pass this body. The Congress now in session
is the first elected by the people in reference to that
question, and may be regarded as tfce first oppor-
tunity the people have had to speak through their
representatives upon the subject. How the vote
may be, is yet to be determined, but I believe it is
understood on all sides of the House, that a majo-
rity have been elected to pass it into a
law, and no belief is entertained by any one
that it can be defeated by a fair direct vote. The
eyes of the country are upon us—the people have
decided the question, and expect to see their re-
presentatives cany out their will by its speedy
adoption.
I hasten to I he last proposition to consider,
5ih. The means employed to defeat the adop-
tion c f the measure before us.
Mr. Chairman, I shall not undertake to enume-
rate the countless artifices and ingenious devices
resorted to for the purpose of defeating this bill,
and rendering it unpopular with the country.
That were an endless task—volumes might be
written upon it, and months spent in recounting
them. My main purpose is, to refer to one or two
of those devices which have been directed some-
what particular to me and to the district which I ha ve
the honor to represent, and which I feel it a duty
I owe as well to myself as to my constituents
briefly to notice.
Some time since, I learned that a printed circu-
lar letter, signed 'JOHN C. CLARK," had found
its way very freely among the people in that dis-
trict, one of which was forwarded to me by a
friendly constituent. It is headed, "Letter of the
Honorable John C. Clark, New York, to the
Whigs and Conservatives of Chenango and else-
where, on the necessity of efficient political action
and organization, in relation to the New Jersey
elecion, and on the expenditures of the Govern-
ment,"the first part dated "January,"and the latter
part, "March, 1840."
Commencing with the annunciation of the vast
importance of the political campaign now opening
upon the American people, the letter proceeds.
'The unholy war which the Administration has waged, and
raging, against the domestic institutions ana the cur-
rency of the people, ha  produced not only bankruptcy and
ruin to thousands of our industrious and enterprising citizens,
but threatens, in the utter destruction or the values of all sorts
of property, a general and wida spread desolation. No one
can claim exemption from the all pervading calamity* * * *
Ruin, in its most appalling aspects, surrounds us on every side.
* * • * In all the departments of industry reign the gloom and
silence of the grave.'1
A gloomy poetical picture is drawn in a soft of
general cant, without any statement of facts or at-
tempt at specification, of "scenes of political cor-
ruption and official profligacy, of contempt of law
and order, and of disregard of official and constitu-
tional obligation, of industry paralyzed, of fortunes
ruined, of prospects blighted, of hopes crushed, of
want and wretchedness, over which the good man!
and the Christian patriot! weeps in anguish," <fcc.
After presenting this gloomy picture of the country,
anda general tirade of abuse upon the Administra-
tion, the writer appeals to the pockets of "those who
happily have saved any thing from the general
wreck," and adroitly introduces the importance of
keeping up, at the Capitol, a spirited and prudently
conducted paper,advocating the Republican doctrines
of the Opposition! and the just claims of General
Harrison," &c. The Madisonian "is such a jour-
nal !" &c; then suggests that this "energetic jour-
nal, at this central point," "under the franks of
members of Congress for the seven ensuing
months," could pervade "every nook and corner of
the Union," &c. Then speaks of the "many
waste places of the political Zion to be built up,"
and concludes that part of the letter with an appeal
too pointed to be mistaken, in the following words:
"In conclusion, permit me most earnestly to urge upon you
the great impoitdnce of efficient a«tioo, and of enlarged libe.
These who support the Administration, of
whom I claim to be one, are modestly and cour-
teously spoken of as governed by "ruthless and
revolutionary violence of party," and as "p#ant
and supple slaves of the palace, ever ready to do
the bidding of their master," <fcc; as acting "by
he relentless force, btute force, of party;" as a
'tyrannous Robespierrean majority," dfce.; "tools
