«76
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
25ih Cong****1 t Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Hubbard.
H of Rep9.
husbandmen would art, whose flecks and herds
bad been devoured by wild beasts, and who should
quarrel among themselves, whether it was not bet-
ter to let the lion into the fold, to resulate the bear,
the panther, the wolf, and the wildcat It is true
that some of them miüht argue something like my
colleague over the way [Mr. Dsllit] m lavor of
a National Bank, that the I ion,by having the choce
of food for eight years, (as the bank had from 1816
to 1834) would become so strong and grow so great,
that the other beasts wou'd be compelled to keep
out of his way, and that by living upon the lean
and feeble of the flock, or picking only bones of
the Hob's carcasses, they would soon become too
weak to devour the latter portion, which ha4 the
hen's protection, nor for the benefit of the Hock,
however, but for the benefit of the royal beast.
And, sir, this argument would be fu'ly as sen-
tible as tbe one so otten used by the Whigs, that
a National Bank, by givng to it the pe< pie's
taxes, could regulate not only the appetites ot its
own stockholders ami managers, but also the ap-
petites of the managers and stockholders of every
other description of banks, together with the whole
brood of shavers, brokers, and dealers in this
great paper credit system-, and who, without the
aliment lurnuhed by the people's taxes, would be
compelled either to work or follew some other
pursuit, lesi injurious to the country.
It is my present pnrposi* to establish, by facts
that cannot be controverted, that banks and bank-
ing, as conducted in ihe present day, are con-
ducted upon the principles of plundering the great
mass of the people. That, in pursuit of this ob-
ject, they have produced the present embarrass-
ments in the country—that it is the system cf fal*e
hanking of the age, and not our «ystem of Re-
publican Government, which has produced ih-
disorders in our moneyed concerns, so generally
and erroneously charged upon Democracy, with
the view, as I verily believe, on the part cf many
persons, to render our people dissatisfied with our
form of Government. And, Mr. Chairman, as
the late Bank of the United States has been so
much an object of admiration with the great Whig
party, and as, as a party, they are again trying
with all their power, might, and influence, to esta-
blish another, I shall also ecdeavor to show how
that great machine was set in motion; how it was
conducted; how much its stockholder  made out
of the people's taxes; and what amount its mana-
gers and principal borrowers probably made oat cf
the cotton, flour, tobacco, and other great produc-
tions of the country, by means of contraction* and
expansions.                         •
I consider, Mr. Chairman, that the following
tad* have been established in this debate beyond
question:
First. That for fifty years past banks have con-
stantly been upon the increase, both in England
(when for one hundred and fifty years they have
had a National Bank to regulate currency) and in
the United States, where for forty years of the
time we have had a Regulator.
Secondly. That periodical fluctuations in trade,
aid embarrassment and distress, have been com-
aaon to both countries.
Thirdly. That when crops of banks, like mush-
rooms, spring up m either country, and make paper
money plenty, mm to a great extent abandon indus-
trious pursuits, some expecting to live by trade, and
others trying to get along alone upon borrowing
paper money, to buy the pradacts of other countries
to lire apon, and so bring their own in debt.
Fourthly. That bank paper being m such cases
always not receivable in foreign countries, where
the debts are due, specie is taken from the banks,
and carried abroad to pay the debts, and the greater
portion of theje banks are cut down. The people,
hen, of Ihe country in debt, are compelled to go to
work, and to rely upon their labor and other in-
dustrious pursuits, and from the prodoce of their
farms pay off the debts. Having in this manner
worked the nation out of debt, (for banks, although
they can bring them in debt, never brought them
out,) and matters become easy, called good times,
those who live by bankcrafi get more charters, and
raise another crop «f banks, which lend oat to every
bedy, as bofore, and get interest upon all the paper
they can put tff upon the country, until the loreign
debt again carries off the specie, and breaks up ihe
banks. That this is the means used by bankcraft
to plunder a nation ot its labor; that it is carried m
in England for the same purpose; that the distress
is greater in that country, at this lime, where
they have a "great regulator," than it is in our
country, whete they have none; that the peo-
ple of that country don't charge their diMrtss to
a Sub-Treasury, or want ot a regulator with us,
but all charge it truly to their own banks, and only
differ as to which has injured them most, the
"great regulator," or the "hule robbers," that won't
be regula ed.
It is also proven here in this debate,that the system
is increasing in France, and other countries con-
nected with England in commerce, and is every
where subject to the same law of contractions and
expansions.
It is impcs>ib!e to reason upon these farts wilh-
ous being astonishtd that statesmen who represent
the great mittens of labor and property, should
not at a glance discover that paper money was au
invention to obtain the means ol the many for the
u^es of the tew; and that it must inevitably de-
vour the sub tance of the great body of the people,
and never ought to be tolerated or allowed, unless
upon such principles as would divide out again all
that was made ia interest to the whole people, to
go instead > f taxes. If Governments must have
hanks, and take the people's taxes to bank upon,
they have a lawful riqht to all ihe profit made
upon these laxes; and the giving to any purpose
but the whole, is a fraud and violation ol the
terms upon which we have agreed to associate to-
gether.
The French Republic gave the greatest blow
to kins-cat t and priest era it, by catting up the
great landed estates, and dividing them out again,
which to increased the number, and reduced
the Sixes, that ihey were not sufficient to support
the noblemen in that style of splendor usual in
the' surround ng monarchies. The nation there-
fore began to (hick earnestly of a more cheap and
Democratic form of Government; but Louis
Philippe and his ministers, with the sagacity and m-
s'mcis of men who love power, and fear to lose
it, have resorted to corporate privileges as the
means of restoring the craft to its former
condition, by collecting together in large masses the
properly of the nation, that it may support the
great lords in taeir ancient splendor, increase the
number of their dependan's, and with it their
power. And shall we, sir, who are the representa-
tives of freemen, bound by our oaths to cany on a
Republican Government, and to support the princi-
ples of our glorious Revolution; shall we, I say, be
guilty oí the madness and folly of adopting the
same system to benefit the many, which the philo-
sophers and statesmen of France have adopted
for their plunder and degradation, and the elevation
of the priviltged few? Does any man who has
examined the system in the least, doubt that it
will have this efffcil If there is, let him look at
another undisputed fact. Is it not proven by in-
formation laid upon our tables, that the banks of
the United States, together, have in gold and sil-
ver only about forty-five millions of dollar?, and that
they have loaned out upon this sum nearly five
hundred and twenty-five millions, upon which the
people pay at least six per cent, interest annually,
amounting to over thir(y-one mi lions of dollars,
being at the rate of seventy-five dollars interest for
each hundred dollars of real money? And all this
snm is paid out by the working people alone, to
save those who have to send or carry money to dis-
tant places the trouble of having to carry the specie
with them. It has been again and again proven
that the paper does not add one cent to the real mo-
ney on hand; and can any man wonder that so
much interest, paid for the use of so little money,
should eat tip the substance of those who pay it? In
fact, it would, in a very short lime, consume the
property of the great body of the people, were it
not that these same paper lenders are like many of
the keepers of whiskey shops, the "best customers
at their own tap-rooms," and frequently get so rich
by borrowing their own money, that they can afford
a style of living which makes them unable to pay
themselves, and have but the last fashionable ex-
cuse lelt them for their disasters; that is, to turn
Whig, and charge it to the Administration. I
know, sir, a number of cases of this description.
Having, Mr. Chairman, examined into the
sjstem generally, I proceed now to examine into
that part of it supported by my colleague [Mr. Del-
ist] and other gentlemen, as a substitute for this
bill—a United States Bdtk. And I here state, in
advance, that all of this, clamor about regulating
currency, Ac. <V\ has its origin and toundalion in
a desire to gtt hold of the public taxes that a few,
comparatively, may make thnr private fortunes
out of the interest made by lending them out; that
it will give a power to the directory to speculate in
slocks and property, by making; money scarce and
plenty at pleasure, and that all ot the stockholders
will unite with the manutac nrers and other great
scheme-  ol making ihe money ol the whole support,
ni exttavBííance and sp'enloi.the lew, and that
uone ot those who appear so solicitous for a Na-
tional Bank to regulate exchanges, can care any
thing about exchanges alone, lor if thev did, some
of them would have propo ed a scheme for using
(he public deposites lor this purpose, which could
be done at a very low rate, if they wtre used for
this purpose and no other. But this would not
give the interest made upon the public money for
the private u^e of stockholders, and nothing but the
full use—the banking use—ot these taxes, will serve
gentlemen, such as the stockholders of the late
United States Bank had and enjoyed.
This bank was chartered at a time when the
banks m New York, and south and west of that
point, were none of them paying specie. It could
not, therefore, go into operation without some
contrivance to get the specie out of the banks, and
it could not make war upon all at once. The
managers, therefore, hit upon the plan of uniting
with some to plunder the others. They persuaded
all to resume specie payments; but, to secure this
object, they agreed to lend their credit to
such banks in New York, Philadelphia, Balti-
more, and Richmond, as would resume—about two
millions to each New York and Philadelphia, one
million to Baltimore, and half a million to Rich-
mond. All south and west of these points were to
be plundered. Money sooh became very plenty;
every thing went up; and the banks South and
Wed thought ihey could not only resume, but ex-
pand. They were soon ripped up, and their specie
taken. Then commenced the scenes of ruin and
insolvency, fall of prices, and distress throughout*
the West and South, that has been so feelingly por-
trayed ia the memorials of the different Legisla-
ture?, which have been read on this floor, at dif-
ferent periods, from J817 to 1825, all of which
looked to a National Bank as the cause of their
embarrassments; some describing its blighting ef-
fects as worse than the locusts of Egypt. Every
legislative experiment, short of revolution, that a
suffering people could adopt, was resorted to. Re-
lief lawr, in every form, were tried; old courts and
new courts, in Kentucky; taxing branches to keep
them out of some States, and property and stay
laws in others: and yet no one State, amidst this
period of suffering and embarrassment, ever
thought of charging the Government with being
the cause.
A tariff was gotten up, in 1824, expressly on the
ground that the distresses of the country were in-
tolerable, and had never before been equalled.
This is the Jestimony of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Cut,] and of his colleague here,
[Governor Pope,] who has proposed to charier
another National Bank. None of these distin-
guished men, up to 1825, had found out what pro-
duced our difficulties; but when the people of the
nation, by hard work, until 1832, had patd off onr
foreign debts, these same-plunderers not only de-
nied betrg the cause of our debts, but actually set
op ihe claim made by my colleague here, of hav-
ing paid the public and private debts of the Union,
and began again their system of lending and plun-
dering.
We will, however, go upon facts not disputed,
and take the testimony of the two Whig witnesses
from Kentucky-, just named, and fix apon the be-
ginning of the year 1825 as the time when the great
