678
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
26th Cong-'-'Ist Skss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Hubbard.
H. of Repe.
per, an<! d Mr -- ! agoo.i ho i¡e market, or who need-
ed extra ¡oaux to -njMe nun to hold on and try the
foreig i.
. Tht-se half-yrsrly c-n-iri!ments in the January
reports of ih> B>r,k, i-vtr  jeT, from 1825 to 1833,
make, toacthcr, if no mividk  is made in addition,
$33,140,000, iti', m king an allowance for the
usual dtdilutions in ve nr.-; our cops in a hard mo-
ney market for s.> rmry  ears, must have made
many millions of di>'lV  to the trading part of Ihe
managers of the Bmk, m ) a lew great borrowers,
who were dealer-; bet iJ- s w' at they made through
the Government, bv drills in stocks, which they
could iai: e or lower the pnce of at pleasure.
Havug shown to tVs committee how banking
above ihe capital mus,t inevitably injure a country
in its pro pert.; how it 5  a  bien conducted by the
late United States Ban! ; the amount it made by
its charter rt iha ou'set; the enormous amount it
made by lending out th* public taxes deposited
■wi.h it, and the \ rohab!c amount it enabled its
managers, and great dea ers enjoying its favors, to
xnak¿ out of >\\t c tton, fl-iur, tobacco, poik, and
other greit piodt'ctiont. of the country; how it
brought it with it the truiiF of 18-24, and then
again ihe tai iff of 18a- , together with the whole
system of cxtravaganc  an ' expetioiiure, called
tne Araer.can System; 1 run lei to pause, and in-
quire of my c llea^ue, whether he desires to restore
the who'e sy tem again? Whether he does not
know that the steefcrk 'ders to a Na'ional Bank, of
fifty oran hundred million-, would not be interested
in again inctvasieg the tariff, thit they might have
larce sums t'eposited with them to lend out, and
make the pnvate fo.tunes of the stockholders?
■Whether he does not know that the manufacturéis
would join? Whe'her he does not know that all
the greedy expectant* of money to aid in carrying '
on improvements, would also join? An ), finally,
whether politicians and candidates for the Presi-
dency would not join in and swell the current, un-
til the scheme would be carried out, and the people
agun be plundered as they have teen? Does he
not know that all thi>e thins-! must fi.ilow in the
train of the nc.r. ¡ s they did upon the establish-
ment of the old Bank?
Ah, well! bur, says my colleago-, the Bank
paid Congress a bonus, of one and a half millions
for her charter; and it would be doubled now for
double the capital. 1 have shown what a pittance
■was this bonus, compared to what the Bank made
out of the people. En', sir, let us inq-i.re into this
thing called a bonus for a bank charter, and the
right of Congress to give if. We, the people's Re-
presentatives, elected for (nly two years, who can
pass no law to tax th m, wivch they cannot repeal
the next year if they so choose, undertake to sell to
a few men the right to tax and plunder them for
twenty year-; to c rac, and say that they cannot re-
peal that law; that we can confer npon others
twenty times the power conferred upon u , and
which we can exercise ourselves by virtue of our
elections. Is not the proposition monstrous? Have
we the right to transfer their sovereign power tor
such length of t me, by merely calling it a char-
.tei? Have th;y ever yet a?reed to it, when called
upon to vote directly on the question? Will they
ever agree to it, when tairly put before them? Does
my Colleague desire to restore the sime stale of
things wluch existed trim 1824 to 1832, when,
by a high tariff, a Na'tm-.l Bank, and internal im-
provement*, u. ited, the i-oi'on and other products
of South Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama, did not
brin? as much troiwy. by more than eleven millions
o;V .J'ar- , a>* < e ¡-a^e products from Georgia and
Carolina had d j  e ire e;g .t years be'ore, nor but
little more than l-jlf trsepm sunt which the prodncs of
the three S-atfs bro:;<<V in the eight years ftom
1832 to 18 If/? Can ' j make the people of those
States believe tr^a' it is le it to live under the do-
minion of the sy lem tvoa half allowance, than to
be lree from it upon a tV 1 one?
I have said, Mr. Chairman, and I ihink proven,
that a National Bank, a protecuve tar ff, and the
8}stem of in!crnal lmprovemen's, are necessary to
eachothei; uat they ais.st each other in making
common war upon labor end property; that they
«were not authorized by the letter or tpirit of the
Confutation; and that ihe gets of Congres  grant 
ing them were an extension ot the powers of Go-
vernment by implication, and that the same stre'eh
of power would enable Congress to u U'p every
power retained to the people of the States, and
break down every barrier intended to control its
own action.
It is certainly true, sir, that the power to charter
a bank was not known to exist in the Constitution,
by those who framed that instrument; eke it is im-
possible to reconcile the contradicory opinions of
the great men who made the Constitution, and who
were so shortly afterwards called upon to declare
it* powers, by voting upon the bill to charter the
first bank. Many wholly denied the power, and of
those who supposed it to be given, they differed as
to the article or section of the Constitution in which
it was to be found. No man in his senses would
for one moment suppose, that if Washington had
known of the existence of such a power, he
would so shortly afterwards have kept the bill to
charter th« first bank ten days under consideration,
doubting a power which he knew he possessed, and
consulting the other great men around h-m, whether
it was to b« found, when they, too, knew it existed.
Such conduct would have been disgraceful to Wash-
ington and his cabinet; and to suppose t'iem guilty
of such manoauvnng, when "they had made the
Constitution for that purpose," as has been con-
tended here, is against all rules of evidence, as well
as common sense.
General Washington himself, and many others
who desired the charter, were afraid that it was an
encroachment npon the liberties of tho people, and
therefore hesitated; and whenever the question has
been left to the people to vote upon, they have de-
nied the power. And, sir, well and wisely have
they acted; for, give the money power of this nation
to twenty irresponsible directors for twenty years,
and the voting power is not worth much to the peo-
ple for the whole of that period; the money power
being stronger than the voting power, Congressmen
will obey the stronger. This power, therefore, ne-
ver was intentionally given, and it was not attempt-
ed until the idea of extending the powers of Con-
gress, by implication, wa3 introduced into our public
councils, which would enable it to take as well
what was needful as what was desirable. I have,
therefore, a word or so to say upon the propriety of
encroaching upon public liberty by implication
only, and without express authority. To make
this question also plain, we must resort to the most
simple mode of illustration; for which purpose, I
will take thirteen of the gentlemen around me to
represent the thirteen old Sia'es, and suppose them
to have setlled in the wilderness as neighbors, and
with the usual difficulties attending new settler?;
and feeling their difficulties about bread, ihey de-
termined to build a mill, and for that purpose en-
gage my colleague [Mr. Dellet] ta carry it on,
and agrea with him, in writing, that they will fur-
nish him, at all times, one horse and one plough-
man, to plough his grounds and to support his
family, and to give him a certain toll, agreed upon,
for keeping the mill. We will suppose, sir, that
they get along pretty well satisfied; for a while
they are relieved from the hardship of beating their
meal, and are content. He, from his mill and
tolls, and from his ploughman and horse, which
they readily keep up, begins to increase his means
rapidly, and soon has Ihe ability to pay for any
spare labor on the other farms. He opens moie
lands than they can, and extends the s'ze of his
fields, and one horse and q e ploughman become
insufficient to plough his lands. He tells the other
gentlemen that he cannot get along without an oc-
casional extra horse and ploughman. The thirteen
don't get alarmed at thi*; it looks reasonable; and,
without recurring to the contract, they furnish it.
This increase of help enables the miller to extend
farther, until it takes another and another horse
and ploughman; and when it begins to oppress
those who are least able to bear the burden,
they begin to complain; and if, by this time, their
families should have grown up, intermarried,
and settled off, to the amount of some twenty-six,
those living most convenient to the mill deriving
most of the benefit, whilst those at a dislance re-
ceived little or none, they might all want to go back
to the contract, the more especially if the miller' 
demands for more ploughmen, and more plough
horses, were to so on increasing, wnh 'he increas-
ing of his wealth a->d f xtetisi'n of his fields. His
demands might become so gr. at that it would re-
quire mote hands and more horses to cultivate his
lands,.than they, together, had left for the twenty-
six. They would begin to inquire how it was that
they had worked so hard and kept so poor, whilst
my colleagie (ihe miller) had lived soea ily, fared
so well, and at the same time grown so rich. And
my colleague would, doubtless, contend for a dif-
fered construciion of the contract from what the
other gentlemen and their families would insist
upon; unless, indeed, some of them had bicorne in-
terested in his tolls and possesions, and then we
chould have, as we have here, two parties, putting
different constructions upon the same agreement.
The most numerous party wou'd contend that the
object ihev had in view when they made the agree-
ment, was to get their grain ground for one horse
and one ploughman to work the miller's fields, and
to allow him only a certain toll for grinding, whilst
my colleague (the miller) and his party would con-
tend that his object, in making of the bargain, was
to get his fields cultivated, and to support his fami-
ly; and, to effect thai object, he not only had aright
to the express grant of one horse and one plough-
man, but to the implied grant of as many horses
and ploughmen as were required to work h's grounds
and support his family. And as they had greatly
increased in number, he might insist that he had a
right to use all other means which he might deem
proper, to increase his tolls, and, among others, he
might claim the right to compd them all to grind
at his mill, or pay double or treble toll. This
would be getting power by implication; and my
colleague, as the miller, "feeding his hegs upon
other men's corn," would, wiihout doubt, like very
well to be enabled to put this interpretation upon
the contract; but how would the other gentlemen
and their families like it? Would they not go back
to the express wording of the bargain? And would
they not insist npon carrying on the mill for the toll
agreed upon, and for the use of the one plougman
and one horse? Would they listen to the miller's
demands upon them, for all of their horses and all
of their laborers, under the pretence that he having
so long had the use of them, he now had a
right to ihem; that he claimed the whole by prece-
dent and usage; and ihat shortly after the mill was
built, and hefore they had made more than two
crops; they had yielded to his demands, and given
him, occasionally, an additional horse and hand,
without dispute, to assist in cultivating his farm?
Would the other gentlemen hear and tolerate such
a construction, put upon so plain a bargain, and
submit to my colleague's demand ? I think not,
sir. I think that they would allege that they, too,
had an object in view; that they, too, had fields to
cul ivate and familes to support; and that the object
they had in view, and not the miller's, should be
considered. And has it never occurred to my col-
league, and those who act with him, that the great
body of the people bad an object in forming our
Constitution? That it was iniended for their be-
nefit and their posterity, and not made alone for
the benefit of a tax consuming set of privileged
classes, whether they are judges, legis ators, or
other officers, or whether merchants, manufac-
turers, or bankers? And is it not our duty to give
it that construction which its plain reading ex-
preses, and net extend it, by implication, until you
give all to the privileged few?
This bill, Mr. Chairman, which we are now
about to pa=s, is intended to place a proper con-
struction upon the powers of Congress. It con-
fines the overgrown miller to h's bargain as made,
to the one horse and ona ploughman, and compels
him to keep the mill for single toll. And, sir.it
is no wonder that you hear such grumbling among
his well-fed, half-worked, and lazy family and de-
pendants, or that you hear such a squealing among
his pigs.
This bill will most effectually prevent the exces-
sive importation* of foreign goods, because the im-
porting merchants, being bankers or stockholder
in most of the moneyed institutions of the country,
knowing that if they brought more good* into the
country than the produce would pay for, that «pede
