June, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
685
26th Cons-•••1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Holleman.
H. of Reps.
trenie, reduced almost to a stale of actual starvation. It calls
on the humane to intertere, and proposes to call on the Legisla-
ture to save ihe remaining mnaufacturers by suspending the
bank process lor a limited time."
This, sir, was after the Bank had bren in opera-
tion for twelv* years, assisted by two tariff sets,
and yet "the distress was without parallel in the
history of the country." Sir, what are fancy
sketches worth—what do pictures of the imagina-
tion avail against these stubborn and melancholy
facts?
Much has been said about the present low price
of produc ; and it has been roundly charged by
gentlemen of the Opposition to the measures of the
present Administration. I propose to ca'l the at-
tention of the committee to other times, when prices
were even lower than at the present time, and
when there was no interference .or action on the
part of the Government to which it couli be attri-
buted. I have an account of the prices of corn
sold from the farm of Fielding Lewis, one of the
largest and mos-t intelligent farmers of James
river, iu Virginia, from 1796 to 1816,
taken from the Farmers' Register of Mr.
Ruffin, from which it appears that he sold
his corn, in 1799, for $2 50; in 1802, for
$2 46; in 1805 and 1808, for $2 33; and in 1807,
lor the low price of $2 per barrel. Here, sir, was
no experiment on the currency by the General Go-
Ternmeut; and yet, for five years out of twenty, the
price of corn varied from $2 50 down to $2. How
then can gentlemen with propriety charge the low
price of corn to the Administration, when it is
clearly shown the price has been frequently lower
than it is new? You might as well inveigh against
the dispensations of an all-wise and beneficent Pro-
vidence, who sends or withholds "the early and
the latter rain," and who, in his wisdom and good-
nes*, grants blessing and fruitful seasons "to the
just and to the unjust."
I hold in my hand a volume of the American
Almanac, containing the prices of many articles
for forty years, commencing in 1795, and ending in
1834, giving the highest wholesale prices for arti-
cles of the best quality. I will not detain the com-
mittee with long details, but will select the single
year of 1821, when the great regulator had been in
operation four years. These prices were taken
from the Boston Commercial Gazette, and for the
year mentioned were as follows:
Flour,
Corn,
Rye,
- $4 25
43
45
Barley,
-
50
Beef,
-
-    18 50
-    1150
Pork,
-
Neither of the above articles had ever been so
"low for twenty years previous.
Cotton, -                 14 1 Tobacco, -      -   $6 00^
Rice,     -       -   #3 251
Cotton had been as low only once in 20 years
previous, to wit, in 1812, the first year of the war,
when it was worth only 11 cts.
Rice had not been so low during the same time,
except in the year 1808, which was during the em-
bargo, being worth the same price of $3 25.
Tobacco had not been so low, except for three
years, about the time of the war, to wit, in 1811,
'12, and '13.
The whole table shows the most remarkable
fluctuations, and they will be found to correspond
to a great extent with the contractions and expan-
sions of the bank currency. After the great ex-
pansion and high prices of 1819, produce of all
kinds continued to decline until 1821, when it
reached the lowest paint oí depression, and the im-
portant articles of flour, corn, rye, barley, beef,
and pork, were all, yes, all, lower (han they have
been for twenty years previous. Can any intelli-
gent and candid man deny that this was produced
by the misconduct and gross mismanagement of the
greatregulator. There was no experiment on the cur-
rency by the Administration, no specie circular, no
removal of the deposites, no Sub-Treasury, no
war upon the credit and confidence of the country;
bat it was tbe natural and inevitable consequence
of bask experiment  spreading ruin and desolation
over the land.
If tbe system under consideration is so monstrous
and revolutionary in its character, such an outrage
on all former legislation, so inconsistent with the
.principles of the Constitution as some gentlemen
contend, we shall be driven t  the conclusion that
our forefathers, the founders of the Republic, and
framers of the Constitution, were so stupid and
ignotant that they established a Government which
could not be carried into practice, that they con-
structed a machina which would not work, and
must be rejected as useless. This must be the in-
evitable conclusion from the arguments advanced.
Now, sir, although I do not profess to be wedded
to ancient forms and principles, nor to consider
things valuable meiely for their antiquity, yet I
have great respect for the virtue, patriotism, and
wisdom of our forefathers, and will not believe
they established a Government which cannot ma-
nage its fiscal affairs without submitting to the dic-
tation and control of banks.
Before the committee rose on yesterday, Mr.
Chairman, 1 attempted to show that the Bank ot
the United States never did regulate the currency of
this country. On the contrary, that during its ex-
istence as a regulator, the depreciation of bank pa-
per was greater than ever, except about the time of
the last war. So far was- this boasied institution
from being able to regulate the cunency through-
out every part of the Union, as has again and again
been asserted, it vas unable to do it even in the
State of Pennsylvania, where it was itself located.
Nay, more; it was unable to keep the notes of its
own branches at par, even at its own counter, much
less all over the Union.
[Here Mr. Ravner remarked it was not con-
tended that it kept all the currency in a sound state,
but that its own paper was good every where.]
Sir, I have shown that even this is not true. But
this is giving up the question; and gentlemen are
not to get of? in this way. The average circulation
of that bank was between ten and eleven "millions.
If it be granted that this sum was kept sound, what
becomes of the remaining circulation of about one
hundred millions? One-tenth would be regulated,
and nine-tenths depreciated. This one-tenth was
in the hands of speculators, and those who received
facilities from the Bank. This was the better cur-
rency of the Bank facility men; and the depreciated
paper of tbe other banks was considered good
enough for the great mass of the people. Gentle-
men, in their high-wrough* eulogies on the Bank,
seem to consider the merchants, speculators, and
bank facility gentry, as the people. They seem to
have no other idea of the people; and when they
speak of them, they mean those persons who, by
means of bank accommodations, are enabled to live
on the hard earnings of the real peop'e of the coun-
try. They cannot mean the great mass of onr citi-
zens, for their arguments do not apply to more than
one-tenth part of our population. This has ever
been the great error and stumbling block of the Op-
position. They do not seem to understand who are
the people, or how to appreciate the intelligence of
those who "know their rights, and knowing, dare
maintain them."
I also attempted to show that the derangement
and depression of prices were unparalleled during
the reign of the National Bank. I will, in confir-
mation of this general position, adduce a few more
proofs to show that, during that most glorious and
' happy period, the prices of produce were as un-
steady and fluctuating as. (he wind or the weather.
I showed that, in 1821, prices were lower than they
had been for twenty years before. This, I say, was
the natural consequence of the course pursued by
the Bank in flooding the country with its paper,
and wantonly increasing and contracting its loans.
I will not go into the prices of any other article
but that of Flour. In 1818, the price in Philadel-
phia was $14 25. It then fell to $8: then to $5: and
so it continued to go down till, in 1821, it had sunk
to $3 75. Yet now we hear every Whig orator
an t Whig press in the country proclaiming that
the poor larmers have been ruined by the experi-
ments of this wicked Administration. But is flour
now selling for $3 75? Has a single barrel been
sold for <haf? Not one; yet it was at that price
in 1821; afterward it recovered in some degree.
But again: in 1S26, it fell to $4 50. Reference
has been made by some gentlemen to the prospe-
rous,times, before the Presidency of General Jack-
son. I mean to insinuate no disrespect, and make
\ no charge against the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts; but I will take tbe four years of his
Presidency, and from the table of prices before me¿
it appears, during that period, the price of flour
was lower, on an average, than during any period
of the same length since the foundation of the Go-
vernment; for this, I know that gentlemen is in no
way responsible: it arose from causes over which
he could exercise no control; but I might as well
charge him with this state of things because it hap-
pened to occur when he was President, as for gen-
tlemen now to charge the present depressed price
of pioduce to the present Administration. I will
nitdo it; I scorn such injustice; nor will I stoop
to it, as others do, for mere electioneering purposes.
I observed that it w.^uld be found, from an ex-
amination of the table of prices, that the fluctua-
tion in the value of agricultural products tallied in
a remarkable manner wiih the expansions and con-
tractions of the Bank. When it expanded, flour
rose; when it curtailed its discounts, flour fell. In
1831, the Bank expanded its loans twenty-two mil-
lions. It was then in the field for a recharter; and
it increased us accommodation to its friends from
forty-four millions tosixty-.six^illions; that, is fifty
per cent, in a single year. Flour rose immediately
from $4 50 to $7, and then fell again the next year
to $5 50. Of this gentlemen did not complain;
not at all. But if the Government attempts to in-
terfere, in the slightest desree, to prevent such fluc-
tuations, oh, then, the Government has reduced
prices and ruined the country! After the deposites
had been removed, the Bank was said to be com-
pelled to curtail its issues, as its charter was soon
to expire. During the great panic sessioa of 1834,
what was the cry? "You have destroyed the Bank.
It cannot relieve the country—and the only reme-
dy is to restore the deposites to its custody." But
Congress refused to do this. And then what was
the course of this poor ruined bank—this bank that
could not accommodale the country because Con-
gress had refused to give it back the public money
—this bank, whose charter had but fifteen months
to run—what, I ask, was the course of this crip-
pled institution? Why, sir, from December, 1834,
to July, 1835, it'increased its accommodations, in
the short space of seven months, from forty-five to
sixty five millions of dollars, and augmented, at
the same time, its circulation from fifteen to twen-
ty-five millions. This was ite conduct at a time
when us duty was to be winding up its affairs.
I say it is this corporation which has ruined the
coun'ry. If ever it was ruined, it was from 1819
to 1831. There was vast distress in 1824 and
1829, and again in 1834. In 1835 tbe great ex-
pansion encouraged the other banks to com-
mence their wild career, which produced the sus-
pension of 1837, and the ruinous convulsions which
have prostrated the country.
Sir, should you charter it again, its course would
agtin be the same.. We should see fine times for
a year or so, but the necessity of contraction would
inevitably follow, and again the country would be
involved in general embarrassment and distress.
What is the condition of this bank now? It
was said to be more stable than ever,
sounder and safer after it had been relieved
from its troublesome partner. But what is now
the fact? Is it not prostrate and grovelling in the
dust? Yes, sir: it is more disgraced and degraded,
than almost any banking institution in tbe United
States. lis stock is down to 76; us credit gone;
and "none so poor as to do it reverence;" and yet
we are now called upon by the Opposition in this
House to erect a new institution of the same kind
upon its ruins.
It is teo commonly argued that, after al', there is
no real depreciation in bank paper, because a dol- .
lar in paper will buy as much as a dollar in spe-
cie; but is it therefore true that paper is worth as
much as specie? Go to a broker and ask him if he
will give you as much for it. To test the value of
an article it is necessary to put it in market. Put
your paper money to this test and you will soon
find that there is a difference of four to five per
cent. The merchant, it is true, taking into consi-
deration the profit on his goods, will give you dol-
lar for dollar; but when yen test its market value
you will see the-eifference.
It may be well to allude to the scheme proposed
by tbe worthy gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
