688
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1840.
26th Coxg-"«1st Sk9S.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Smith.
H. of Reps.
and "94 At the head of one stood Alexander Ha-
milton: at the head oi the other was Thomas Jeffer-
son. That Federales should admire with enthu-
siasm the character of Hamilton, does not surprise
me: it is what we miehi expect. But that one
calling himself a State Rights Republican should
he that man's admuer and eulogist—I confess nils
me with amazement. At that school I never
should have thought of hearmz the doctrines of
State Rights Republicanism. The gentleman, I
thought, seemed disposed, too, to disparage some-
what the fair fame of the Old Dominion. All I ask
is, that if he holds such sentiments he will not pub-
lish them: and I will give my reason. A certain
lady was ence speaking very lightly of Napoleon:
when a friend ot hts replied to her, "Oh don't talk
so, you donn know how u will distress him." [A
laugh.]
Now if my friend shall continue to reflect upon
Virginia, she may be mortified aud distressed.
[Mr. Graves here rose and said he did- not see
the application of the argument.
The Chair replied that the gentleman was in
order.
Mr. Ratmkk said, in explanation, that he had
only referred to the doctrine of Hamilton on the
subject of State rights, with a view to show that
those who were the loudest in professions, were
often the most wanting when it came to the point.
Virginia politicians were always whining about
State rights, and yet when matters came to the
point, they were almost always found on the side
of power.]
Mr. Hollxman resumed. The charge has been
made, though not very boldly, as if those who
made it had no very great confidence in its truth,
that this Sub-Treasury bill is in fact a bank. So
said a distinguished Senator, [Mr. Clay,] and so
have said some gentlemen here. And why and
how is it a bank? The Treasurer of the United
States is empowered to draw on the depositaries of
the public money, and his draft is to be paid, and
that these drafts will get into circulation as cur-
rency. The Secretary can draw as a bank can,
and therefore the Treasury is a bank. That is the
argument. Bat does thai constitute a bank? May
not any individual draw for his own funds? I
may draw a check on the Bank of Washington—
am I therefore a bankei? Tne thing is dose every
day. A good check, known to be good, passes
from hand to hand as much money. Is the drawer,
therefore, a banker, and his check money? But if
this be so, and the Sub-Treasury is a Government
bank, then we have always had a Government
bank- Has not the Secretary or the Treasurer of
the United States always drawa on the depositaries
of the public money, on collectors and receivers,
and on the Bank of the United States? And could
not such drafts as well have gone into circulation
as currency then as now? A draft or the Bank of
the United Sta'es, endorse i by Government, was
generally as good as gold and silver, and for some
uses better. Did such drafts take the place of mo-
ney, and enter into the general circu ation? If we
are to have a Government bank by this bill, we
always have had one.
If a man holds a draft of the Treasurer, and does
not choose to present it, he is now just where he
was. But there is this additional safeguard: the Se-
cretary is directed so to manage his drafts that they
shall not enter into the circulation of the country;
he is ordered to prevent this as far as in his pewer;
whereas before there was no such restriction.
Does the gentleman see any authority in thi-s bill to
make drafts for circulation? I say again, if this is
a bank, then there has been a Treasury bank ever
since the commencement of the Government. No
matter where the depositary may be, there will
always be the same difficulty. It has been the law
of the land for the Ian fifty years. Is it now to be
made a matter of complaint against this Adminis-
tration? Cannot the Postmaster General do the
samel Tnere are 13,000 Postmasters in this coun-
try on whom he may make quarterly drafts. Is
the Post Office, therefore, a Government bank? and
are the drafts of the Postmaster General a curren-
cy? Here is the dreaded system in its widest ex-
tent, yet who ever complained that the General
Post Office is a Government bank?   The Treasury
is not to have one tenth part of the nnmoer of de-
positories, and yet it is called a Government bank !
It is amazing to hear gentlemen tiring forward such
an argument; it is ¡.carcely worth reluung. I trust
when the gentleman goes home and tells his con-
stituents that this is a bank, he will not forget to tell
them, also, that we have had just the same sort of a
Government bank ever since we had a Federal
Government.
Another accusation against us is, that by this
measure we wish to reduce the price of labor. I
will tell gentlemen what our object is: it is to re-
establish a sound currency. Thi«, and this alone,
is the simple naked object we have in view. All
other currencies have miscarried—we want to en-
courage the introduction of gold and silver as a
standard of value ; we want to make it, in matters
of value, what the standard bushel is in matters of
quantity. W« would use it as a standard bushel
or a lawful yardstick; and we want all
things measured by the same yard and the
same bushel. I say that it will cause no dis-
proportionate reduction in the price of la-
bor. It is true, however, that when the country
shall have settled down into a sound and natural
condition, and we have a currency of uniform va- |
lue, the nominal price of labor may not be as high
as it has been for the last two years. The value
of money will not be as low. We propose to cor-
rect the system, not partially, but throughout. This
will not injure the poor man, but, on the contrary,
will establish a currency by which he will be pro-
tected in the just rewards of his industry. We do
not offer him a system which will to day give him
an enormous price for his labor, and to-morrow
throw him out of employment; that is just what
we want to guard against. We want labor to be
so rewarded that the laborer may know that he will
get steady employment and a uniform fair price
from year to year. We would not raise his hopes
with a high pri«e at one time, and give him a low
price or no price at all at another time. Thb is
what the banks themselves will be compelled to re-
sort to. They have done the same thing at various
times heretofore; they are doing it now, and will
continue, until from necessity, (for nothing less
than necessity will ever move them;) from necessity,
I say, they will be compelled to "bank less and
trade less." The laborer is not benefited by high
prices, unless he can at the same time buy at low
pnces. Suppose he can now get a dollar, and save
half of it; double his dollar, it will at first seem a
great benefit; the man will be delighted; but he will
soon find that he is charged double as well as paid
double. He lays up a dollar, it is true, but his
dollar buys no more for his family than bis half
dollar did. Instead or getting a bushel of corn for
bis increased wages he gets the same half bushel as
before. That s'ate of things once took place in
Kentucky. A man might offer a silver dollar for
his breakfast and he would receive a paper dollar
in change; nominally he got his breakfast for no-
thing, but in fact paid fifty cents in hard money.
The gentleman misunders'ood me, if he thought
I said labor, like produce, had been at a higher re-
al price than it can be kept up to. The banks
can tell you, they cannot supply a currency as
they could before, and the reason is, they banked
too much. They must reduce their business that
of necessity reduces the price both of commodities
and of labor, below the true standard. This has
been done over and over again by the banks, and
no complaints were heard; but let Government at-
tempt to correct such abuses, and at once it is
charged with tyranny and and an attempt to in-
jure the poor. It is not so; it is the antagonist
p'an that injures the poor man. It is the plan
which puts it in the power of a moneyed corpora-
tion to tay how much the honest laborer shall re-
ceive for his week's work. If you pay him in mo-
ney of the Brandon Bank, he is to get $2; if in sil-
ver, $1. Was Mi«sissippi benefited by the issue of
the "Brandon money?"
The banks say that they must reduce their is-
sues. This produces distress and low prices. My
object is to have a sound uniform currency, by
which the laborer can be benefited, as well as
other classes of the community. By the credit plan,
bank corporations fix the rate of their own profits,
and fix at the same time the price of labor.
We are called upon for telief. "What mea-
sures," say they, "do you propose for the relief of
the people?" When gentlemen themselves were
thus called upon, what did they do?
In 1837, we relieved the banks and the mer-
chants by giving them a longer to pay their debts
to the Gove,nment, and that is the mode of relief
always asked. But what did Congress do for
ftfr farmers and laborer*? Give them bread?
Oh, no; the maxim was—" Take care of the
banks, they will take care of the merchants"—
and they, the merchants, were the people! Very
fine—the people were to trust to the tender mer-
cies of the merchants' As well might you trust
the wolf to nurse the tender lamb. The banks get
relief, and then they grant to the commuaity
just such relief as will best suit their own pur-
poses. They will nurse them and feed them as
men take care of their horses—to get as much
labor out of them as possible. We are charged
with the design of bringing down the price of labor to the
standard of foreign countries Sir. that is a thing which can-
not be done Anil the reason is this the wealth of those coun-
tries consists in their lands Land is there scarce and dear,
while labor, on the contrary, is abundant and cheap Here the
case is directly the reven>e land is abundant and cheap, while
labor is comparatively scarce and high. Gentleman may adopt
what plans they please I defy them to reduce our laboring
classes to the European standard of prices. In the older parta
of the country, in manufacturing districts, they may, after a
long time, approach to it; but, in the agricultural sections, and
in the wide and fertile West, thank God, the thing is impossi-
ble. We have an abundance of land, and labor will meet its
just reward. You may injure the laborer by the credit system,
and he will and must be injured by the constant expansions
and contractions of the circulating medium; but I trust the
time is coming when we shall have the blessings of a better sys-
tem. The General Government has begun it, and I hope the
States will follow. Whether the currency shall be wholly me-
tallic, or shall consist partly of gold and silver and partly of
paper, it is not necessary to inquire. It is not for us to decide
what the States shall do: we must leave that to their wisdom.
Ben our panto set them, at least, a sound example.
Mr Chairman, the questions involved in this bill are of vast
importance, they are questions which must be settled, oneway
or the other. The country must make its choice between the
system of banks and our simple plan of a constitutional curren-
cy. These questions are agitating and occupying the public
mind, and they cannot remain lo nger uadecirled. Who is re-
sponsible for the great and unprecedented excitement which has
been created, and who is chargeable with the distress which is
said to prevail, are also questions which the people wiilaeute.
I emertain.no feare for the issue. There are perhaps some gen-
tlemen who may seek to excuse themselves, like the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr RAYNER,]by pleading infancy
as a bar to his Jacksomsm. As the gentleman is very young,
I must forgive him for being a little extravagant. We treat
with] much forbearance those of tender years; andas he is my
neighbor, I am ready to pardon the gentleman, as soon as he
shall show, by his conduct, that he repents. He haa mettle and
high spirit I defend and excuse him, asa young gentleman, and
trust he will depart from the error of his way, and no longer fel-
low after false gods. As to the great mass of those who have
joined in the cry against the Administration,the people will decide
whether they are to be justified in their course. They may file
their indictments as soon as tbey like; we take issue with them,
and put ourselves on the country, having no apprehension hat
that the verdict will be for the defendant, and that the plain-
tiffs, for their false clamor, in mercy be discharged. But as to
the great leaders in this unholy war—those who eoulduot bear
to see others rise while they remained stationary—those who
cannot endure to look upon the tenant of the White House, and
who claim for themselves all the offices and all the honors of
the country—those who, in the bitterness of their envieus spi-
rits, cry out with Hainan, "What doth all this avail us, so long
as we see Mordecai sitting at the king's gate—so long as we see
Martin Van Burén, whom the people delight to houor, presiding
at the White House"—as to those leaders, who, fitoro a spirit
of envy and ambition, have combined and confederated to put
down this Administration at every sacrifice and at all hazards,
a decree shall go forth; from an insulted and indignant people,
who are rising mthqroajesiy of their strength, and it will read,
"Let them be hanged like Hainan upon the gallows prepared
for Mordecai the^w."______________________
RKS OF MR. SMITH,
OF INDIANA,
of Representatives, July 20,1840—In re-
. Proffit, on the amendment to the ap-
on bill, giving to the President the pow-
thhold or limit the application of certain
(nations, if the condition of the Treasury
demand it.
ITH arose and said: Mr. Speaker, to
time of the committee at this late stege
off,the session, when every moment is so precious,
needs some apology from me to the committee and
to the country; and that apology may be found in
¡he extraordinary remarks of my colleague. He
considered that the time improperly consumed in
debate could not be tegarded in any other light
than as a trespass upon the patience of the commit-
tee, and injurious to the interests of the country.
Mr.
occupy
