690
APPENDIX tO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
46th Cone....... 1st Sus.
Bankrupt Bill—A^r. Calhoun.
June, 1140.
Senate.
ay reforming colleague is outraged with such a po-
licy. If this policy tend  to parsimony, his mast
tend to extraragance. Sir, said Mr. fl. the trne **-
creí of this unheard of opposition to the Adminis-
rauoa is, mat the Whig* tie most cruelly chafed
and galled to think they have not been able to run
op the appropriate so as to disorertit the Go vera-
■wat, or compvl it to resort to loans, or, al ibis late
hoar, ooaapfej ttl w «t^ai m ^ q^j n^^ a propo-
sition to aathorize the emissioa of more Treasury
■ote?. la all theee hopes, I am hsppy to think,
pnrely patriotic gentlemen, yoa will be disappoint-
ed. Ceagress will adjourn, and yoa will find that
yoar fancies and hopes and desires hare been delu-
sive and rain.
The Government is denounced as being insol-
vent; and it is a choice sentiment to send to the
coentry, that yonr Treasury is bankrupt. Mr. S.
inquired if gentleman would tell him whose busi-
ness it wat to replenish the Treasury. Was it not
the duty of Congress! And who had more right
than the Opposition to propose ways and means.
Do gentlemen recollect that the operation of the ce-
lebrated compromise tariff had reduced the revenue
from customs nearly one half? And do not all men
know that the monetary matters of the whole world
are in confusion, and calculated to disturb revenue
•nsing from commerce? Will gentlemen be mag-
nanimous, and make some allowance for all those
caases which tend u  cot off the resources from the
support of Government? Bat, above all things, if
they wish «conomy, let them aot, by any means
which «hey can bring to bear, try to prevent it.
BANKRUPT
SENATE,
Mr. CALHOUN saidA It
to this discussion, without
difficulty of the subject, •
cacy of the questions ¿ftvi
creditor and debtor was, Fill
E 2/1840.
ible to listen
_ struck with the
he number and deli-
The relation of
leed, the all-pervading'
one in oar country, aW ought not to be touched
without much deliberation and caution. This bill
and the amendment proposed, taken together, em-
brace this universal relation, almost to its utmost ex-
tent and minutest ramification, and ought to be ex-
amined with corresponding care and attention.
I was at first inclined to favor the bill; but the
discussion and reflection hare brought me to the
conclusion that It is unconstitutional, and therefore
could not receive my support, if there were no
other objection. The power of Congress is re-
stricted, by the Constitution, to establishing laws
on the subject of bankruptcies. That is the limit
of its power. It cannot go an inch beyond, on the
subject of this bill, without violating the Constitu-
tion.   Thus far, all must be agreed.
After full and deliberate investigation, I cannot
regard this bill as one on the subject of bankruptcy.
It relates, in my opinion, to another, but connected,
snbject, not embraced in the Constitution—that of
insolvency, miscalled voluntary bankruptcy—as I
hope to be able to establish.
In order to understand the ground on which my
opinion rests, it will be necessary to premise—what
none have denied, or can deny—that, at the time of
the formation of the Constitution, there existed,
both in this country and in England, from which
we derived our laws, two separate systems of laws,
growing out of the relation of creditor and debtor;
the one Known as the system of bankruptcy, and the
other of insolvency. The two systems had existed
together in England for centuries, and in this coun-
try from an early period of our colonial Govern-
ments It would be useless to waste the time of
Senate in accumulating proof of a fact beyond
controversy. This very bill, and the only one ever
passed by Congress on the snbject of bankruptcy,
near internal evidence of the fact. The decisions
of judges recognise the distinction, and elementary
works place them under distinct heads, and in se-
parate chapters. The distinction is one neither of
form nor accident. The two systems, in commer-
cial communities, naturally grow up out of the re-
lation of creditor and debtor, but originate in dif-
ferent motives, and have different objects, which
give different character and genius to the two.
The system of insolvent laws grew out of the
debtor side of the relation, and originated in mo-
tives of humanity for the unfortunate but honest
debtor, deprived of the means of paying his debts
by some of the various unforeseen accidents of life,
and in consequence exposed to the oppression of
unfeeling creditors. Their object is to relieve
him from the power of his creditors, on an honest
surrender of all his property for their benefit.
Very different are the motives and objects in which
the laws of bankruptcy originated. They grew
out of the creditor side "of the relation, and form a
portion of the mercantile or commercial code of
laws. Their leading object is to strengthen the
system of commercial credit, with- the view of in-
vigorating and extending commeicial enterprise;
and we accordingly rind that the system com-
menced in the commercial Republic of Venice,
and has been confined exclusively, as far as my
knowledge extends, to commercial communities.
Though gfowing out of the same relation, and to
that extent connected, the two are as different in
genius and character as the diflerent aspects of the
relation out of which they grow. The one looks
to credit and the creditor interest, and the other to
the debtor, and the obligations of humanity towards
hint, when, without demerit on his part, he is
utterly deprived of the means of meeting his en-
gagements.
It is true, indeed, that the insolvent system, in its
humanity for the debtor, is not unmindful of the inte-
rest of the creditor, nor the bankrupt system, in
guarding the interest of credit and creditors, does
not forget that of the debtor But this, though* it
has, to a certain extent, blended the two, and caused
some confusión in practice, cannot obliterate the
essential and broad distinction between them. Nor
is it necessary, with my object, to trace the history
of the legislation in relation to them in this coun-
try and England, with the judicial decisions, in
order to show that the two systems, though blended
and confounded in part, have, nevertheless, retained
their distinctive features. It is enough for me that
there were, when the Constitution was adopted,
two separate systems, known both to our laws and
the English, such as I have described.
I next assert, that the members of the conven-
tion that framed the Constitution could not have
been ignorant of the fact, that there were two such
systems, known by the names of bankrupt and insol-
vent laws. The convention abounded with able
lawyers, many of whom were among the most dis-
tinguished and influential members of the body,
and could not but be as perfectly familiar with the
whole subject as we now are, after this long and
able discussion.
Now.sir.Iask,isittobe supposed,thatifthey intend-
ed to delégatelo Congress power over both systems,
these able and cautious men, so familiar with the
distinction between them, would not have included
both by name? And is it not conclusive, that in
not doing so, and in limiting the grant to bank-
ruptcy alone, that it was their intention to grant
that only, to the exclusion of insolvency? Do we
not feel, that if we were framing a constitution,
with our present knowledge of the subject, that
such would be our course? If we intended to
grant both, would we not insert both? And would
not the insertion of bankruptcy only, be intended
to exclude insolvency? The conclusion ap-
pears irresistible. How is it met? By ad-
mitting (for it cannot be denied) that such
would be the case, if the words of the Con-
stitution are to be taken^ in their legal sense,
but it is asserted that our Constitution was made for
the people at large, and on this assumption it is in-
ferred tnat it ought to be interpreted, in all cases,
according to the ordinary meaning of the words
used, and not in their legal sense. Having arrived
at this conclusion, it is next contended, that, accord-
ing to their ordinary sense, bankruptcy and insol-
vency arc convertible terms, and of the same mean-
ing; and it is thence inferred that the framers of
the Constitution intended to comprehend both under
the former.
I might well deny both the premises and conclu-
sion. It might be easily shown, that in many cases
the words of the Constitution must, and have been,
constantly taken in their legal sense, and that, ac-
cording to the established rules of construction,
they ought to be so taken in this. It might be also
shown that they are not convertible, in common use;
that insolvency is the general term, and includes
bankruptcy. But I deem all this unnecessary. I
admit, for the sake of argument, both premises and
conclusion, but deny the application. Taken un-
connected with other words, insolvency and bank-
ruptcy may be admitted to have the same meaning,
and that the one may stand for the other; but that is
not this case. In the Constitution, bankruptcy
stands in connection with law, which, attaching
itself to it, fixes its meaning. Now, sir, I assert,
however the terms bankruptcy and insolvency may
be confounded, standing alone, no one—no, not the
most uninformed, confounds bankrupt laws with
insolvent laws. They never call the insolvent
laws of the States bankrupt laws. They may not
be able to draw the distinction with any piecision,
but they know that they are not the sanie
But admit that there is doubt. I ask, what is the
rule of interpretation to be applied to the Constitu-
tion in case of doubt^ It is a fundamental princi-
ple thatCongiess has no right to exerciseanvpower
whatever that is not gi anted by the Constitution.
To do so would be an act of" usurpation, and; if
knowingly done, a violation of oatii. Hence, in
cases of doubt, it is a just caution to take the words
in their limited sense, and not their broad and com-
prehensive—a rule at all tunes considered as essen-
tial to the safety of the Constitution, by those
of the States Right creed Apply it to this
case, and the controversy ceases. Let me add
that there are few subjects, in reference to
which it is more necessary to apply the most rigid
rules of construction, than to that of the all-pervad-
ing relation of debtor and creditor. It is one on
which the slightest encroachment is dangerous,
and might, in its consequences, draw into the vor-
tex of this Government the whole of that vast rela-
tion in its fullest extent, and with it the entire mo-
ney transactions of the Union, as will be manifest
in the sequel.
If, after what has been said, doubts should still
exist, they may be removed by turning to another
provision of the Constitution, standing in close con-
nection with this. I have said that the bankrupt
svstem grew out of the commercial policy, and
made a part of it. The provision I refer to is that
which grants to Congress the power of regulating
commerce. This grant carried with it several
others, as connected powers; such as that of coin-
ing money and regulating the value thereof; fixing
an uniform standard of weights and measures, and
we accordingly find these.with the power of establish-
ing laws of bankruptcy, all grouped together, and fol-
lowing in close connection, the patent power of re-
gulating commerce; just where we would expect to
find it, regarded in the light I do, but not, if taken
in the broader and more general sense of insolven-
cy, in which it would comprehend far more than
what relates to trade, and what, under our system,
belong to the mass of local and particular powers
reserved to the States.
So irresistible does the conclusion at which I
have arrived appear to me, that I have been forced
to inquire how it is that any one in favor of a strict
construction of the Constitution could come to a
different, and can find but one explanation. We
are in the midst of great pecuniary embarrassment,
suddenly succeeding a period of several years of
an opposite character. There are thousands who,
but a short time since, regarded themselves as rich,
now reduced to poverty, with a weight of debt bear-
ing them down, from which they can never expect
to extricate themselves, without the interposition of
Government  The prevailing opinion is, that the
Legislatures of the States can apply no remedy be-
yond the discharge of the person, and that there is
no other power which can give a discharge against
debts, ana relieve from the burden, but Congress.
That so large and enterprising a portion of our ci-
tizens should be reduced to so hopeless a condition,
makes a strong appeal to our feelings, of which I
am far from being insensible. It is not at all sur-
prising, that, under the influence of such feelings,
judgment should yield to sympathy; and that, under
the impression there is no other remedy, one should
be sought in a loose and unsafe construction of the
Constitution; and hence the broad construction con-
tended for. I appeal to the candor of my State
Right friend, who differs from me on this occasion,
if what I state is not the true explanation. If I
mistake not, it might be safely asserted that there is
not one among them who would yield the power to
this Government, if he believed the State Legisla-
ture could apply a remedy. I, on my part, neither
assert nor deny that they can; but I do assert, that
if the States cannot discharge the debt, neither can
Congress.
I hold it clear, if by discharging the debt be
meant releasing the obligation of a contract, either
in whole or part, that neither this Government nor
that of any of the States possesses such a power.
The obligation of a contract belongs not to the civil
or political code.but the moral. It is imposed by an
authority higher than human, and can be dis-
charged by no power under heaven, without the
