June, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
691
26th Cong.... 1st Sbss.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
assent of him to whom the obligation is due. It is
binding on conscience itself. It a discharged debt-
or had in his pocket the discharges ot even' Go-
vernment on earth, he would not be an honest man,
should he refuse to pay his debts, if-ever in his
power. In this sense, this Government is just as
powerless to discharge a debt as the most inconsi-
derable State in the Union.
But the subject may be viewed in a different
light. It may be meant that Government is not
bound to lend"its aid to a hard and griping creditor,
in the cruel attempt to coerce the honest but unfor-
tunate debtor, who has lost his all, to pay his debts,
when it is utterly beyond his power. Certainly
not; and, in that sense, every Government has the
right to discharge the debt", as well as the person.
They both stand on the same ground. It is a ques-
tion of mere discretion, when and in what manner
the Government will give its aid to enforce the de- ■
mand of the creditor, but, thus regarded, State Le-
gislatures are just as competent to discharge the
debt, under their insolvent laws, or, in the absence
of our legislation, under their bankrupt laws, as
Congress itself. In proof of what is asserted, I
might cite the laws of manv of the States, and my
own among others, which discharge the debt, as
well as the person, as far as the suing creditors are
concerned—the, constitutionality of which, as far
as I know, has never been questioned. It would,
indeed, be a violent and unreasonable presumption,
to suppose that, in granting the right to establish
laws of bankruptcy, the States intended to leave
Congress free to discharge the debt, and at the
same time imposed on themselves an obligation to
forbear the exercise of the same power in the case
of insolvency or bankruptcy, should Congress de-
cline to exercise the power granted. Nor can such
be the intention of the provision in the Constitu-
tion which prohibits the States from passing laws
impairing the obligation of contracts. The history
of the times amply proves that the prohibition was
intended to apply to stay laws, and others of a si-
milar description, which State Legislatures had
been in the habit of passing, in periods like the
present, when a sudden contraction ol our always un-
stable currency had succeeded á wide expansion, and
when large portions of the community, with ample
means, found themselves unable tó meet their
debts; but who, with indulgence, would be able to
meet all demands. The objects of all these laws
were either to afford time, or to protect the debtor
against the hardship of paying the same nominal
amount, but in reality a much greater, in conse-
quence of a change in the standard of value, re-
sulting from a contraction of the currency. As
plausible as was the object, experience had proved
it to be destructive of credit, and injurious to the
community, and hence the prohibition. To extend
it beyond, "and give a construction which would
compel the States, whether they would or not, to
lead their aid to the merciless creditor, who would
reduce to despair an innocent, but unfortunate,
debtor, without benefit to himself, and thereby to
render him a burden to himself and society, would
be abhorrent to every feeling of humanity, and
principle of sound policy. It is impossible for me
to believe that such was the intention of the Con-
stitution. Nor can I be reconciled to a construc-
tion which must have the effect of enlarging the
power of this Government, and contracting those
of the States, in relation to the delicate and all-
pervading relation of debtor and creditor, by throw-
ing on the side of the former the powerful con-
sideration of humanity and sympathy for a large
and unfortunate portion of the community.
Having now established, I trust, satisfactorily,
that the framers of the Constitution, in restricting
the power of Congress to   establishing laws of
bankruptcy, intended to exclude those of insol
vency, it remains to be shown that this bill belongs
to the latter class, and is, therefore, unconstitutional
And here I might shift the burden of proof to th«
other side, and demand of them to prove that it is
a bankrupt, and not an insolvent bill.   They wh<
claim to exercise a power under this Government
are bound to exhibit the grant, and to prove tha
the powef proposed to be exercised is within its
limits—to show, in this case, what a law of bank-
ruptcy is—how far its limits extend—that this bill
does not go beyond; and, in particular, that it does
not cover the ground belonging to the connected
power of insolvency reserved to the States.   Till
that is done, they have no right to expect our votes
in its favor.   The task is impossible.   Every fea-
ture of the bill bears the impress of insolvency.
The arguments, urged for and again&r it, demon-
strate it. Have its advocates uttered a word, in
urging its passage, in favor of credit or creditors'?
On the contrary, have not their warm and eloquent
appeals been in behalf of the unfortunate and
honest debtors, who have been reduced to hopeless
insolvency by the embarrassment of the times'!
And has it not been attacked on the ground that it
would be ruinous to credit, and unjust and oppres-
sive to creditors'? Even' word uttered on either
side, proves that it belongs to the class of insolvent
laws, and is, therefore, unconstitutional. As such,
it cannot receive my support, were it free from
other objections.
But as decidedly as I am opposed to the bill, 1
am still more so to the amendment proposed as a
substitute by the minority of the committee. It
contains a provision in favor of insolvent debtors,
similar to that of the bill; and is, of course, liable
to the same objections. But it goes much farther
and provides for a comprehensive system of com-
pulsory bankruptcy, as it is called; that is, as I un-
derstand it, bankniptcy as intended by the Consti-
tution. As far as the provisions of this portion of
the bill is limited to individuals, I admit its consti-
tutionality, but object to it on the broad ground of
expediency.
It is impossible for any one to doubt, who will
examine the history of our legislation, that there
must be some powerful objection to the passage of
laws of bankruptcy by Congress. No other proof
is needed than the fact, that although the Govern-
ment has been in operation for more than half a
century, and the power is unquestionable; yet, in
that long period, notwitstanding the numerous and
strenuous efforts that have been made, but a single
act has passed: and that, though limited to five
years, was repealed before the expiration of the
time. If we inquire into the cause, we shall find
it, in part, at least, in th£ genius of our institutions,
and the character of our people, which are ab-
horrent to whatever is arbitrary or harsh in legisla-
tion, than which there is none, in its wide range,
more so than the laws of bankruptcy. They give
the creditors the most summary and efficient pro-
cess against the debtors, of which we may be satis-
fied by looking into the provisions of this amend-
ment. On the mere suspicion of insolvency, or
fraud, one or more creditors, to whom not less than
five hundred dollars is due, may take out a process
of bankruptcy against the debtor, by applying to a
judge of the Federal Court; and on his order,
without jury, he may be divested of his property,
and the whole of his estate placed in the hands of
assignees, with authority to wind up and settle his
affairs, and distribute" the proceeds among his
creditors.
But, as repugnant as a process so summary and
arbitrary is to the genius and character of our in-
stitutions and people, there is another objection con-
nected with our currency still stronger. It has
been the misfortune of our cewmtry, at all times,
with the exception of some short intervals, to be
cursed with an unsound and unstable paper curren-
cy, subject to sudden and violent expansions and
contractions. It belongs to such currency, in the
period of its expansion, to excite an universal spirit
of enterprise and speculation, particularly in a coun-
try so new, and rapidly increasing, and of such vast
capacity for increase, as ours. Universal indebted-
ness is "the result, followed on the contraction, by
wide-spread embarrassment, reducing thousands to
hopeless insolvency, and leaving a still greater
number, though possessed of ample property to pay
their debts in ordinary times, without money, or the
means of getting it, to meet the demands against
them. What can be imagined more oppressive,
unjust, or cruel, than to place at such a period, such
a power in the hands of hard and grasping credi-
tors?
Now, sir, we are in the midst of such a one—a
period of almost unexampled contraction, following
one, remarkable above all others, for the extent and
duration of the expansion; for the universality and
boldness of speculation, and the extent and severity
of the embarrassment which has followed, Such
is the period selected to arm, the creditors against
the debtors, with the harsh summary and* arbitra-
ry power of a bankrupt law—a period, such as
the States, in former times, interposed, with stay
laws, valuation laws, and others of like description,
to save the debtor struggling against an adverse
current, and who, if allowed time, could save him-
self and family from poverty. This amendment
proposes to reverse this humane bat misguided po-
licy, and, instead of interposing in-favor of the em-
barrassed but solvent debtors, to arm their creditors
with more powerful means to crush them-
I say misguided policy. I will not call it unjust.
On the contrary, there is a strong principle of jus-
tice at the bottom in favor of interposing at such, a
period as the present, if it could be done on princi-
ples of sound policy. The condition in which so
large a portion of our people now find themselves,
in debt, with ample means of discharging all
they owe, if time be allowed, but incapable
of immediate payment, is much less their fault
than that of the improvident legislation of
the States, countenanced by this Govern-
ment, and by which the solid and stable currency
of the Constitution has been expelled, and an un-
sound, vacillating one of bank notes substituted in
its place, incapable of discharging debts. By its
sudden, violent, and unexpected fluctuations, alter-
nately raising and depressing prices, tempting, at
the one period, to contract debts, and leaving debt-
ors, at the other, without the means of paying, the
whole country, even the cautious and prudent, has
become involved in debt and embarrassment. To
this cause may be traced the present condition of
the country, and the many similar ones through
which the country has of late so frequently passed,
in which few are"out of debt; and of the indebted,
though few are actually insolvent, but a small por-
tion could pay their debts, if demanded in legal
currency. And shall we, who are, at least in part,
responsible for such a state of things, at such a pe-
riod, when the debtors are so much at the mercy of
the creditors, reversing the ill-judged, but humane,
policy wisely prohibited to the States by the Consti-
tution, of interposing in favor of the debtors, arm
the creditors with new and extraordinary powers
of enforcing their demands'? Who is there that
does not feel that it would be impolitic, cruel, and
unjust"? But it is only at such periods that bank-
rupt laws are proposed; and is*ut at all wonderful
that the instinctive feelings of the community have
so steadily and strongly resisted their adoption?
On no occasion has there been stronger cause for
resistance than the present; for on none would such
a law be more impolitic and cruel; and such, if I
may judge from the discussion, is the feeling of
this body Standing alone and limited to indivi-
duals, I doubt whether the portion of the amend-
ment under immediate consideration would receive
a single vote, although it is the only part which is
clearly and unquestionably within the limits of the
Constitution. It may, then, well be asked, if it is
without supporters, why is it insertedl But one
answer can be given: because it is felt, as ob-
noxious as it is, to be indispensable to the passage
of the provisions connected with it. One portion
of the Senate is so intent on passing the part in fa-
vor of insolvent debtors, that they are willing to
take with it the compulsory portion, in favor of
creditors; while another, from a strong desire to
include corporations, are willing to cojnprehend
the other pWisibns, though they denounce the
provisions in favor of insolvent debtors, standing
alone, as fraudulent, unjust, and unconstitutional.
It is thus the two extremes unite in favor of á mea-
sure that neither would support alone; and a fea-
ture of the bill, obnoxious of itself, but constitu-
tional, is made to buoy up other portions, which, if
not clearly unconstitutional, to say the least, are
of doubful constitutionality.
Let me say to those who represent the portion of
the Union where the indebtedness is the greatest,
and who, on that account, favor the provision* for
the relief of the insolvent, thattfie operation of the
amendment, should it pass, will' disappoint them.
The part in favor of the debtors may, indeed, throw
off the burden from many, who are now hopelessly
insolvent, and restore their usefulness to themselves
and society; but the other provisions will reduce a
far greater number to insolvency, who might other-
wise struggle through their embarrassments, with a
competency left for the support of themselves and
families. ' I cannot be mistaken. Should the
amendment, as it now stands, become a law, in-
stead of relieving, it would crush, the indebted
portion of the Union. In order to make good the
assertion, 1 shall now turn to the novel and im-
portant provision which places certain corporations
and banks among them, under this compulsory pro-
C6SS                                                            *
I am not the apologist of banks or corporations
generally nor am I the advocate of Chartered pri-
vileges. On the contrary, there is not a member
of the body laore ***&? impressed with the evils
of the banking system, as now modified, or more
opposed to -krauts of privileges to one portion of
the community, at the expense of the rest. My opi-
