June, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
695
26th CoicG... l9T Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Mack.
H. of Reps.
"And whereas, also, the expression of this body, immediately
connected as it is with the people, may serve as a guide to the
members of the House ef Representatives in Congress in their
action on several subjects of great general interest, to which the
people are sensitively alive;                                    ...
"And whereas it ú unwise and inexpedient to place in the '
hands of a few wealthy individuals, who are irresponsible to the
people, an immense moneyed power, such as the Bank of the
United States, enabling it to control the commerce of the coun
try, to fix the price of labor and the value of products at its
pleasure, at its will to spread distress and ruin through the whole
country, and m a season of public calamity to control the Go-
vernment-
"The course pursued by the Bink in its endeavors to compel
a recharttr, and m the attitude which it has assumed towtml
the Government of the United States, is sufficient to demonstrate
that it is an institution fraught with danger to our liberties;
that, in placing its funds at the disposal of its president for the
purpose of securing its recharter; in spending immense sums
avowedly to disseminate information, out in feet to influence
e'ections, in its extravagant loans to editors of newspapers,
whereby strange changes have been wrought; in transacting its
business in such a manner, through the medium of committees,
as to exclude ths Government directora from a knowledge of
what was actually done, and thereby to defeat the object of their
appointment; in using Hi immense means to produce commer-
cial embarrassment; and through the fear of wide-spreatl ruin
to extort a recharter; in its refusal to deliver up to the Govern-
ment the pension funds and books relating thereto; in its refu-
sal to pay the dividends on the Governmentstock, on the ground
of a claim for damages on a bill of exchange drawn on the
French Government, which claim had no foundation on any
principle of la w or justice, and making itself the judge in its
own cause; in substituting an illegal kind of branch drafts in
lieu of its notes, and exporting the specie of the country, and
thereby preventing a metallic currency in the United States; in
refusing to a committee of the House of Representatives that
examination of its books and papers which the many imputa-
tions of corrupt management made necessary and proper—has
violated its charter in several of these particulars, and in all has
shown clearly that it cannot with safety, independent of other
considerations, be suffered to continue its existence.
■Tor these reasons, among others, the people of Georgia,
through this Legislature, resolve;
"By the Senate and Route of Representatives of the State
of Georgia, in General Assembly met, 1st, That the Bank of
the United States ought not to be recharteredon any terms; and
that our Senators in Congress be, and they are hereby instruct-
ed, and our Representatives requested, to vote against the re-
charter of said Bank in any form or shape in which it may be
presented:
"2d. That the bold, patriotic, and constitutional course pur-
sued by the President of the United States to arrest the power-
ful efforts made by that Bank to compel a recharter; which
must, if successful, have resulted in the destruction of the liber-
ties and happiness of the American people, deserves, and has
the unqualified approbation of the people of Georgia, who
pledge to him their support, while he steadily moves onward in
his course to arrest, and finally to destroy, this mammoth of
aristocracy.
"And whereas the power of Congress, under the Constitu-
tion, to charter a bank is, denied by a large portion of the peo-
ple of this State, and is acknowledged by another portion, who
assert the power to be of too disputable* character to admit its
exercise without an amendment of the Constitution expressly
granting it;and the opinion of this General Assembly being that
Congress should exercise no such power, not expressly grant •
ed, or necessarily flowing from one so granted, and that the right
to charter a bank is not one of this character.
"3d. Be it further resolved, That our Senators be instructed
and our Representatives requested, to use.aH pro|>er means to
prevent the charter of any Bank of the United States, at least
until an amendment of the Constitution in this particular shall
have been submitted to the States, and by them ratified.
"Agreed to 11th December. 1834.
^                                "JACOB WOOD,
"President of the Senatt.
"Attest: John A. Cuthbsrt, Secretary.
"In ths House of kepsbsentativbs.
"Comrorred in December 12,1834.
"THOMAS GLASCOCK,
"Speaker of the Souse of Representatives.
"Attest- Joseph Stvbqis, Clerk.
"Approved, December 13,1834.
«WILSON LUMPKIN, Governor.
Titers are other resolutions of like character
pas-ed by the Legislature of Georgia at other pe-
riods, which I would read for the information
of the committee, and to strengthen my position;
bat the volumes in which they are contained,
are not in your library. They are familiar,
however, to my constituents, and are remembered,
I have no doubt, by my colleagues. Bat, sir, the
resolutions just read remain undisturbed on our
statute book, and are conclusive evidence of the
deliberate opinion and position of the State I repre-
sent. Georgia, as one of the sovereign constituents
of the Federal Union, declares to you, in language
not to be misunderstood, that a United States Bank
"is an institution fraught with dangers to our
liberties;1' that it had appropriated its funds to influ-
ence elections; that it bad wrought strange changes
in editors of newspaper?, by extravagant loans to
them; that it had excluded the Government direc-
tors from a knowledge of what was done by it; that
it was seeking to extort a recharter, by producing
commercial cmbarrasiment and widespread ruin;
that it bad violated the laws, and broken its faith
with the United States in relation to the pension
« funds, and the bill of exchange drawn on the
French Government; that it had contributed to pre-
vent a metallic currency in the United States; and
that when charged with corrupt management, it
had refused to open its books and papers for in-
spection; in a word, that it had shown itself to be
an institution that cannot with safety be suffered to
continue its existence. This is the language, these
the sentiments of the State of Georgia in relation
to «'the measorb" of the modern Whig party.
They have ever been mine. Am I, then, justly
chargeable either with inconsistency, or with ro«-
represetirtttg my constituent*, by advocating the bill
on your table, as the only practicable means of
carrying out these resolutions against a bank. I
have shown you, by incontrovertible arguments
and facts, that he who is opposed to the Sab-Trea-
sury is necessarily the advocate of "itj antagonist
ickenw," and having shown this much in my own
vindication, I leave it to those who, by their oppo-
sition to this bill, are lending themselves to the te-
charter of a Bank, to reconcile their position with
that «f their constituents, and to answer to the peo-
ple for violating their will.
But, Mr.Chairman,! have other testimony from
the State of Georgia in support of the Independent
Treasury. About the same time that our Legis-
lature was denouncing -a Bank at home, the State
was represented, in part at least, upon that mea-
sure, on this floor, by the Hon. Roger L. Gamble
and the Hon. Thomas F. Foster. Thege gentle-
men are highly esteemed for their intelligence and
patriotism. With the former I am well acquaint-
ed, and know him to he entitled to respectful con-
sideration ; and I rejoice to be enabled to refer to
the opinions and votes of such men, as a sanction
for my own. It is, therefore, with this view, and
with no other, that I now proceed to show by the
Journals, that at the session of this House in
1834—'35, thesj; gentlemen not only voted tor and
supported the first Sub-Treasury bill ever introduced
into this ball, but one of tbem actually moved twice
during the same session in favor of divorcing the
Government from all banks. Both of these gentle-
men have lately been placed on the Harrison Con-
gressional ticket in Georgia, to fill the vacancy occa-
sioned by the " reformation" of myself and two
of my colleagues, to whom I have referred. It is
conceded that they are now opposed to the Sut-TVeo-
svry; the censequenee, as I have shown, is, that they
are nectstarHy in favor of a bank. From my per-
gonal intercourse with the first-named gentleman,
(who, I understand, has been nominated for the ex-
press purpose of killing me off,) I am sure that he
is opposed to the principles of this bill; and as the
old exploded pet-bank system is out of the question,
it follows, as the night the day, that his present po-
sition cannot bt one of opposition (o a bank. With
this gentleman's apparent inconsistency I have
nothing to do, further than to prove my own consis-
tency ; touo this I shall call to my aid the solemn,
recorded, and repeated example which these promi-
nent Harrison candidates deliberately set before me
in 1834. From these gentlemen and their anti-Sub-
Treasury position of 1840,1 appeal to the same
gentlemen and their Sub-Treasury votes in 1834 ;
and I claim all the benefit of the coincidense be-
tween myself now and themselves then. Sir, let us
read from the Journals of the House of Repie-
senlatives:
Friday, January 2, 1835.—"Mr. Gamble submitted the
following resolution; which was read, and ordered to lie on the
table, viz:
" Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be d rected
to communicate to this House whether, in his opinion, it is
practicable or convenient for that Department to collect, safely
keep, and disburse the public moneys of the United States
without the agency of a bank or banks, and, if so, to report to
this House the best mode, in his opinion, by which that object
can be accomplished."
Saturday. January 3, 1835.—"1 he House proceeded to the
consideration of the following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Qambw yesterday
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to this House whether, in his opinion, it m
practicable or convenient for that Department to collect, safely
keep, and disburse the public moneys of the United States
without the agency of a bank or banks, and, if so, to report to
this House the best mode, in Ins opinion, by which that object
can be accomplished.
"A motion was made by Mr. Kwing to amend the said resolu-
tion by striking out these words, viz:
" 'That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to commu-
nicate to this House whether, in his opinion,' and, in lieu
thereof, inserting the following, viz:
"That a select committee, to consist of one memlier from
eich State, be appointed to inquire into the expediency, and
report to this House whether, in their opinion.
"A motion was made by Mr. McKim that the said resolution
do lie on the table.
"And the question being put on this motion, it passed in the
affirmative—yeas 106. nays 87.
"Those who voted la the negative are: John Quincy Adams,
John J. Allen, Chilton Allan, William S. Archer, William H.
Ashley, Noyes Barber, Daniel L. Barringer, Isaac C. Bates,
William Baylies, Martin Beaty, Horace Binney, George N.
Briggs, John Bell, George Burd. Tristram Burges, Harry
Cage, Thomas Chilton, Nathaniel H. Claiborne, Augustine 9.
Clayton, William K. Clowney, Thomas Corwin, Joseph H.
Crane, David Crockett, Edward Darlington, Amos Davis,
Thomas Davenport, Edmund Deberry, Harmar Denny, John
Dickson, Geor?e Evans, Edward Everett, John Ewiiig, John
M. Felder, THOMAS F. FOSTER, ROGER L. GAMBLE,
Rice Garland, William F. Gordon, Benjamin Gorham, James
Graham, George Grennelljr John K. Griffin, Benj. Hardin,
James Harpet, James P. Heath, Ebenezer Jackson, William
Cost Johnson, Henry King, Robert P. Letcher, Dixon H. Lewis,
Levi Lincoln, Tames Love, Chittenden Lyon, Henry C. Martin-
dale, Thomas A Marshall, Samuel W. Mardis, John Y. Mason,
Jonathan Mcf'arty, Thomas M T. McKennan, Charles F.
' Mercer, John .1. Milligan, Phineas Miner, Samuel McDowell
Moore, John M Patton, Stephen C. Phillips, Fiancis W.
Pickens, David Potts, jr. Robert Ramsey, John Reed, Abraham
Rencher, John Robertson, William Blade, Jonathan Sloane,
David Spangler, John N.Steele,William P.Taylor, Philemon
Thomas, Christopher Tompkins, Joseph Trumbull, Samuel
Tweedy, Jo3eph Vance, Samuel F. Vinton, John G, Wat
mough, Eiisha Whittlesey, Richard H. Wilde, Lewis Wil-
liams, Henry A. Wise, Ebenezer Young.''
I am aware, sir, that many of the gentlemen
whose votes are here recorded against laying Mr.
Gamble's Sub-Treasury resolution on the table,
are sought to be excused upon the ground that they
only intended to test the sincerity of the Administration
in the State bank system, then in force. Even if this
were so, will not their totes be regarded as a test,
also, of their own sincerity ? Tbey were voting
under the solemnity of an oath, and i will not be-
lieve that they could so far trifle with the obliga-
tions incurred by that oath as to Vote for a proposi-
tan in which they did not behve and fully concur.
But, sir, my predecessors, and present opponents,
are not liable to that derogatory suspicion. Tfttj,
at least, were in earnest; for, nothing daunted by
the rejection of his first resolution, Mr. Gamble
preseveres in his Sub-Treasury movements, and
grows bolder and more decisive with defeat. His
first resolution may be said to have been only advi-
sory} that it contained nothing on its face conclusive
of the settled opinions of the mover. For his se-
cond motion, however, not even this flimsy apology
can be made. Instead of being satisfied with
the test he had applied to the Administration, he keeps
his eye steadily fixed (where mine is now, and
ever has been) upon a divorce of the Government
from all banks,and instead of receding, he advances
in his demands.    Hear him:
January 6,1835.—"Mr. Gamble moved the following reso-
lution; which was read, and ordered to lie on the tabla, vu:
"Resstced, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to digest and prepare, and communicate to this House, a de-
tailed plan by which die public revenue of the United States
may be collected, safely kept, and disbursed, without the agency
of a bank or banks, cither State or national "
So far, then, as the fiscal action of this Govern-
ment is concerned, my honorable competitor, in
1835, when the pet bank system was in full blast
before him, moved, upon his own responsibility, as
a Representative of Georgia on this floor, for a
prepared, digested, detailed plan, by which the United
States revenue might be collected, safely kept, and
disbursed, wi'hout the agency of a bank «r banks,
either State or National.   Sir,
"There is a tide in the affairs of men,
Which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune."
If this resolu'ion had been adopted, and the system
it prescribes had gone into operation at that time,
millions of dollars, which have been otherwise lost,
would have been saved to the country, and instead
of that general depression said to be prevalent in
the land, the people would have been blest, with
peace and plenty; gold and silver would have been
restored to their natural function of a circulating
medium; and prosperity, the result of a well-regu-
lated currency, would have cheered and rewarded
the efforts of labor and industry. In the accom-
plishment of these most desirable results, the mover
of that resolution would have covered himself with
honor and glory; he would have been known in.
future time as the wise and provident legislator,
Who, foreseeing the evils likely to ensue from a
connection between, the Government and banks,
o  iginated a great system of finance, which
George M. Ttuue has pronounced to be "not em/ 
constitutional, but an extrémela wise and very txpt*
dUnt measure."                                                 .   .
With a constancy and pertinacity worthy of ih*
great cause they then ¿4rocaled, we find Mi 
