June, 1840.                               APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                      697
26th Cowo""1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Black.
H. of Reps.
hardly have received me with that generous eonfi-
¿ente wHfch they subsequently evinced toward me.
In that letter, I desired to "place the control of
the Treasurv, and the appointment and supervi-
sion of those who are to administer its affairs, in
the hands of the House of Representatives;" but
upon subsequent reflection, I was convinced that
such an arrangement, however desirable in itself,
would be incompatible with the appointing power
which the Constitution has vested in the Erecutive
and the Senate. I also said that "I distinctly
recognised gold and silver only as money, and as
the only currency known to the Constitution.
I did not think I should be violating either the
letter or the spirit of that instrument, by re-
ceiving the bills of such banks as promptly
paid specie, dollar for dollar, at the will of the holder.
I should look upon such bills as the immediate re-
presentative of the precious metals—as specie cer-
tificates, convertible with gold and silver, so long
is they were so in fact. I should receive them, not
as a matter of favor to the banks, bat of conveni-
ence to the Government. I am yet of the same
opinion; and I venture to say that the most ardent
friend of this* measure would not consider that the
tpecie clause was lost, if, in lien of it, this extract
from my letter were inserted in the bill. I am
therefore now as I was then; and my constituents,
by my subsequent election, have recognised, as a
troth, that grid and silver only is money. I have re-
ferred to these resolutions and letters, and put these
questions as arguments powerful and conclusive,
to show that I am not only consistent in voting for
this Sub-Treasury bill, but that, in so doing, I am
faithfally representing the State of Georgia, and
the votes and opinions of some of her eminent citi-
zens. To many gentlemen on this floor, who re-
present other States, and other interests than these
prevalent in Georgia, these references may appear
wholly unsatisfactory; bat by the people whom I
represent, they will be received a.% proof incontrover-
tile that, however I am assailed for abandoning
my party, 1 have neither abandoned my former prin-
ciples, nor misrepresented the Slate.
But, Mr. Chairman, we are not left to inter-
ference and deduction as to the consequence of
defeating mis measure;   we are  distinctly called
on, in the name  of thft country, to establish a
National Bank.   Argument, entreaty, and threats,
have each in their  tnrn been  used   to   effect
Ibis   great   and  leading   object- of  Whig   po-
licy.     It is said that John  Randolph  declared
the   day   would    come   when   a   constitutional
question   would   be   out of  order in this   House.
That period, I hope, has not yet arrived;  and
although, by your expedient politicians, it may be
considered a useless expenditure of words, I yet
venture to demand of gentlemen the proof that
Coagress has power to charter a bank.   Sir, ac-
cording to my limited notions of the functions of
this Government, Congress can exercise no power
not expressly delegated to it by the Constitution, or
which is not absolutely necessary to effectuate a de-
legated power.   This is the corner stone on wh-'ch
rests the great political superstructure raised by
Mr. Jefferson.   It is not enough to show that Con-
gress is ''not prohibited" from acting, but it mast be
shown that the power to legislate is distinctly and
directly conferred by the Constitntion.   Now, sir,
the bank men on this floor do not even pretend that
mere is any express grant of power to this body to
charter a Bank; bat they rely on that clause of the
Constitution which declares that "Congress shall
have power to pass all laws necessary and proper to
earry into effect the powers expressly granted."
Thus our opponents are reduced to the necessity of
resorting to the most doubtful and constructive
citase of the Constitution, as authority to do that
for which no express grant can be shown.   The re-
ply to this extravagant claim is simple and concia-
are.   There is not only no clause of the Constitu-
tion authorizing Congress to charter* a Bank, bat
n)e convention which framed thst instrument dis-
tinctly refused to empower this Government to
trtete corporations. That power (Mr. Madison says)
was demanded in the convention, for the avowed
purpose of enabling the Federal Government to
charter a Bank; and upon that ground it was re-
fused.  If you charter a Bank, $w /acto, you cre-
ate a corporation; and, in so doing, you do that
which the convention refused to authorize you
to do.
We are then told that a bank is "necessary" to
enable Congress to conduct the affair* of the Fede-
ral Treasury, or, in other words, to enable Con-
gress "to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and
excises." Now 1ft us examine this proposition.
The word "necessary" precludes of coarse the pos-
sibility of accomplishing these objects by ordinary
legislation under the express grants. So far from
this being true, Congress does lay taxes, imposts,
and duties, without this intervention of a bank.
Your taxes, imposts, and duties, are and have been
collected without the aid of a bank, and they can
be and have been transferred and disbursed, with-
out resorting to the agency of an institution, the
creation of which depends upon the supposition
that these things cannot be effected without its in-
strumentality. Why, sir, the very bill on your
table refutes the idea that a bank is "necessary to
carry into effect the power expressly granted" of
collecting, keeping, and disbursing, the "duties"
which constitute your revenue. We propose by
this bill that the Government itself shall do that
which the Constitution not only authorizes, but re-
quires it to do; and if the Government can of itself
conduct its fiscal concerns, where is the "necessity"
of resorting to a bank? Again, does the Govern-
ment acknowledge this necessity, by confessing its
inability to manage its revenues? No, sir; the
opponents of the Government are making all this cla-
mor about the "necessity" of a bank; and the
"keeping" of the public money?, infinitely more
than than the collection and disbursement of them,
is the true motive which lies at the bottom of these
extravagant demands—demands which, if conceded,
must resu.lt in an assumption of a power not
granted, more dangerous than a direct violation of
tthe Constitution itself.
Refuted and driven back from their flimsy argu-
ment of "necessit?," their transition to the ques-
tion of "expediency^' is easy and natural. We
are told that the Treasury is empty, the revenue
unskilfully managed, and th; Government bank-
rupt! and this unfortunate and discreditable state
of affairs is attributed to the fact that we have no
National Bank to manage our revenue. The inge-
nuity of the Federal party, in and out of Congress,
has been taxed to the uttermost to prove that it
would be highly beneficial, convenient, and proper,
to reconnect the Government with their favorite in-
stitution; and we are adjured, by every motive of
patriotism, to legislate into existence an irresponsi-
ble corporation, which will not only keep and dis-
burse our money for us, but which will accommo-
date us with liberal loans of its "paper emissions."
Sir, I will not detain the committee by recapitula-
ting all the facts and arguments, which scatter to
the four winds of Heaven these hollow pretences
and fallacious professions, but I will proceed to
produce to you the highest authority known to this
country, to prove that such an institution, whether
viewed by itself as a source of paper emission, or as
an agent, injrjonneciion with the Federal Treasury,
is neither" beneficial, convenient, hot proper. I have
before me a letter written by General Washington
in 1787, in reply to a gentleman who desired his
opinion as to the utility and necessity of banking in-
stitutions. The views entertained in this letter by
the Father of his Country, are evidently applicable
to banks generally, as manufactories of "paper mo-
ney," and I recur to them here with pride and sa-
tisfaction, because, while they are, of themselves,
abstract truths, his opinions furnish a conclusive
answer to the groundless charge that the Adminis-
tratijn, by refusing o charter an institution whose
first duty .will be to issue nothing but paper
money, is running amad career against"Iredit"
in all us forms. If this letter had been written by
an Administration man of the present day, it would
have been immediately pounced upon by the Fe-
deral party as the outpourings of Loco Focoism, and
the rabid violence of an agrarian leveller. It
would be held up as the hatefil instrument by
which the destruction of all banks is to be effected,
and the unfortunate author would have been
branded and scouted as a Jack Cade, volunteering
in a wild crusade against the institutions of hi?
country. As it is, however, we have the cheering
fact before us that he who was "first in war, first
in peace, and first in the hearts of his country-
men," entertained and expressed the same opinions
in i7S7, which characterize, in 1840, the parly
wi'h whom I am associated in support of the Sub-
Tieasary system. Let the bank men touch this
letter, or the author of it, if they dare, and the
great mass of the people, in whose bosoms he and
his principles are cherished as an idol, will rise up
in their indignation to wither and destroy the hand
that shall be lifted to strike the sacrilegious blow:
"Mount Vernon, February 17,1787.
"Deahííjr. Your tavor of the 30th ultimo came duly to
^hand. To ¿five an opinion in a cause ofso much importance as
that which has warmly agitated the two branches of your Le-
gislature, and which, from the appeal that Is made, is likely to
create great and perhaps dangerous divisions, is rather a deli-
cate matter. But as this diversity of opinion is on a subject
which has, I believe, occupied the minds of most men, and as
my sentiments thereon have been fully and decidedly expressed
longbefore the Assembly either of Maryland or this State was
convened, I do not scruple to declare that, if I had a voice in
your Legislature, it would have been given decidedly against a
paper emission, upon the general principles of lis utility as a
representative, and the necessity of it asa medium,
"To a?sigi> reasons for this opinion would he as unnecessary
as tedious. The «round has been so often trod, that a place
hardly remains untouched. In a word, the necessity arising
from a wavt op specie is represented as greater than it really
is. I contend that it is by the substance, not with the shadow of
a thing, we are to be benefited. The wisdom of man, in my
humble opinion, cannot, at this time, devise apian by which
the credit of paper money would be long supported; conse-
quently, depreciation keeps pace with the quantity of the emis-
sion, and articles for which it is exchanged rise in a greater
ratio than the sinking value of the money. Wherein, then, is
the farmer, the planter, the artisan, benefited? The debtor
may be, because (as I have observed) he gives the shadow in
lieu of the subs'ance; and, in proportion to his gam, the credit-
or or the body politic suffers. Whether it be a legal tenderor
not, it will, as has been observed very truly, leave no alterna-
tive. It must bethat, ornothing, An evil equally great is, the.
door if immediately opens fo speculation, by which the least
designing, and perhaps the most valuable part of the com-
munitv, are preyed upon by the more knowing and crafty
speculators.
Cut, contrary to my intention and declaration, I am ofering
reasons in support of my opinion, reasons, too, which, of all
others, are least pleasing to the advocate for paper money. I
shall, therefore, only observe, generally, that so many people
have suffered by former emissions, that, like a burnt child
who drbads the fire, no person will touch it who can possi-
bly avoid it. The natural consequence of which will be, that
the specie which remains unexported will be instantly locked
up.
"With great esteem and regard, lam, dear sir, &c.
"GEURGC WASHINGTON."
If it be true, as if? enemies charge against it,
that the Independent Treasury system will contri-
bute, incidentally, to restore a limited specie circu-
lation, and, to that extent, expel bank bills of a
low denomination, though it may result in tempo-
rary It ss to the speculating part of the community,
y«t uthe farmer, the planter, the artisan,n who con-
stitute "the least designing, and perhaps most valu-
able part of the community," will reap the benefit
of dealing with "the substance, not with the
shadow or the thing " Sir, I am aware that this
is not the doctrine of Chestnut street, nor will it
find favor with the paper meney speculators of
Wall street, bnt it is the old fashioned doctrine of
George Washington; and, as such, I submit it in my
defence to the people whom I have the honor to repre-
sent. With this high authority against the general
system of paper emission, let us return to the parti-
cular question of a United States Bank. It is true
that Adams, Clay, Webster, and the host of
lesser lights which revolve around them, are the
advocates of a bank, and, consequently, of a
paper emission. If they are i ight, General Wash-
ington was wrong, and so was Mr. Jefferson; and,
in order that I may have the full benefit of his opi-
nions, I will qtiote to you his own words:
"Fiom a passage in the letter ol th« President, I observe an
idea of establishing a branch bank of the United States in New
Orleans This institution is one of the most deadly hostilities
existing against the principles and forms of our Constitution.
The nation is, at the present time, so strong and united in its
sentiments, that it cannot be shaken at this moment. But, sup- ■
pose a series of untoward events should occur, sufficient to
bring into doubt the competency of a Republican Government
to meet a crisis of* great danger, or to unhinge the confidence
of the people in the public functionaries, an institution like
that, penetrating by its branches every part of the Union, acting
by command, and in phalanx, may, in a critical moment, upset
trie Government. I deem no Government safe which is under
the vassalage of any self-constituted authority than that of the
nation, or its regular functionaries. What an obstruction may
this Bank of the United States, wtlh all its branch banks, be in
time of war ! It might dictate to us the peace we should ac-
cept, or withdraw it  aid. Ought we, then, to give further
growth to an institution so powerful, so hostil*? Now, while
we are strong, Jt is the greatest du'y we owe to the safety of our
Constitution to bring this poweiful enemy to a subordination
under its authorities."
Shall I be reviled and rejected at home for r«-
