698
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
S6th Cono.•••1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr Black.
H. of Reps.
fusng to foster a "deadly hostility against th>" prin-
ciples and forms of our Constitution"!" Sha'll
be branded as & traitor for refusing to enlist in the
ranks in a party   hose first great object is to chart-
er a bank which Jefferson has denounced as an in-
stitution "penetrating by its branches every part of
the Union, acting by command and in phalanx,
and which may, in a critical moment, upset the
Government?" No, sir; although the interet-ts
of a few " paper emission" men have led them
to proscribe me as intractable to their designs,
the great mats of the people of Georgia—the men
who dwell on onr hills and in our vallevs and who
live, not by paper emission or bank credit, but wh$s
make their bread by the sweat of their brow, and „
depend for an honest support upon their " produc-
tivo industry "—they, sir, when ihcy 1rnow that I
am denounced and superseded for the principles I
here proclaim, wi'l ru«h "in phalanx" to the res-
cue; and I and my able and fearless colleague',
with whom I act, will be triumphantly sustained
at the ballot box, not for the purpose ot saving us
as individuals, h,at for the sake of rescuirg from
peril and defeat the principles of Washington and
Jefierscn.
Again: we are told that this Administration, by
its uncompromising hostility to a moneyed corpo-
ration as an adjunct of the Federal Treasury, has
lowered the price of property and reduced the
wages of labor; that it har caused commerce and
agriculture to languish, and brought upon the coun-
try one wide scene of rum and distress. Give us a
bank, they say, and proper y will rise in value—
the la1>oring man wjll be better paid—industry in
all its branches will prosper—money will be plenty,
and the people will pay their debts and be happy.
Withhold a bank, and you bankrupt the nation.
Now, sir! unfortunately for these Whig politi-
cians and panic orators, facts happen to be s'nbborn
things, and speak louder than words. We have
had two National Banks, both of which, indepen-
dently of their own resources, monopolized the u«e
of the public treasure, and were made the exclu-
sive recipients of Government r atronase and cre-
dit. Were times ariy better then? Were the peo-
ple le3s oppressed with debt, or their labor or pro-
perty worth more than they are nou>?
iJet Mr. Clay answer that question. How does
he speak of ihe condition of the country in 1824,
when a Bank was in full operation1*
Mr. Clay's speech o/1824, us published m Ntles's Register of
that date, rol 2b, pages 378,387, as follows
"In casting our eyes around us, the most prominent circnm
stance which fixes our attention, and challenges our deepest re-
gret, la the general distress which pervades the whole country
It 1  forceaupon us by numerous facts of the most incontesta-
ble character. It is i ndicated by the diminished exports of na-
tive produce, by the depressed and reduced state of our foieign
navigation; by our diminished commerce, by successive un-
threshed crops of grain, perishing in our barns and barn yards
for the want of a market, by the alarming diminution of the
circulating medium; by the numerous bankruptcies, not li-
mited to the trading classes, but extending to all orders of so-
ciety; by a universal complaint of the leant of employment,
and a consequent reduction of the wages of labor, by the rave-
nous pursuit after public situations, not for the sake of their ho-
nors and the performance of their public duties, but as a means
of private subsistence; by the resort'to the perilous use of pa-
m monby; by the intervention of legislation in the delicate re-
lation of debtor and creditor, and above alt, by the low and de-
pressed state of tbe value of almost every description of the
ukolt mass of the property of the nation, which has, on an
average, sunk not less than about fifty per cent, within a few
years.
"The truth is, that no class of society suffers more, in the
£ resent stagnation of business, than the laboring classes. That
i a necessary effect of the depression of agriculture, the princi-
pal business of the community. The wages of able-bodied men
vary from *5 to $3 per month, and such has been the want of
employment, in some pa tsof the Union, that instances have not
been unfrequent of men working merely for the means of pre-
sent subsistence If the wages of labor here and in England
were compared, they will be found not to be essentially diffe-
rent."
This, sir, is the testimony of a man who stands at
the very head and front of the Bank party. In
1824, when a United Slates Bank, with %35,000,000
of capital, should have regulated the currency and
"scattered blessings o'er a smilngland," he tells
you that his deepest regret was challenged by the
general distress which pervaded the whole country;
that yoar exports and commerce were diminished;
your navigation depressed; yonr unthreshed crops
perishing in your barns; that your circula'ing me-
dium was alarmingly diminished; bankruptcies
wpre numerous, the wages of labor reduced; that
public offices weie ravenously ¡ought for as a
means of private subsistence; and to crown all, he
tfflk us that this "generai distress" was "forced upon
us," and "indicated" to us "by the resort to the peri-
lous use of paper rnvney."
Le us- call another witness to the stand—Hugh
L. White. He has now "shuffled off this mortal
coil," and can no longer be influenced by the hopes
and fears of human life; and while we throw a
thick veil over the errors which marked htm a
man, let us hasten to record those lessons of his
wisdom which time has proven to be truth itself.
He was once the chosen favorite of the old State
Rights party of Georgia—to those who then com-
posed that party let him now speak through the
iecord he has left behind him. I read, sir, from
Judge White'  speech, delivered in the Se-
ra e of the Up ted States in 1834, on the motion of
Mr. Webster to bring in a bill for prolonging the
charter of the Bank of the Unned Slates.
"The bank went into operation the 1st day of Ja uary, 1817,
one of the leading objects in granting its charter was, through
itaopera'ions, to reduce the extravagant dealings with State
banks-to restore and preserve a sound currency to the coua
try Ttie directors well knew this, yet they acted with a single
eye to what they conceived the interest of the bank and its
■■friends; in place of checking, it stimulated overtrading In-
stead Jof restoring and preserving  sound currency, it adopted
measures which, in ISIS and 1819, placed in ihe power of the
State banks in Philadelphia, to take from it every single dollar,
and leave it still m debt to them upward of one hundred and
• twenty-four thousand dollars Mr. Cheves took charge of the
bank, and, as president, pursued a policy which, ir. seventy
days, placed the bank in a state of security; but the curtailments
weie so rapid, and the withdrawal of the circulating medium so
great, as to ruin society, compel other banks to suspend specie
payments, and again afflict the community with a depreciated
currency Liberal accommodations, and extensive issues, had
given an appearance of wealth to those worth little or nothing.
Property commanded enormous prices, as this bank had made
money plenty; but the counter current commenced, and m 1819,
, a scene of wide ruin was presented. The bank made money
scarce; the price of property fell to almost nothing; those who
had been apparently wealthy, were found to be bankrupts, and
hardly any man had where *ithal to pay his debts
"Anindividual had, when money was plenty, purchased a
house and lot for ten thousand dollars; he paid six thousand,
was sued for the balance; the house and lot sold at fifteen hun-
dred dollars, and thus he sunk, in the single bargain, eight thou-
,   sand five hundred dollars.
In the principal cities and towns, thousands of individuals
were thrown out of employ, the whole business of the country
was deranged, scenes of misery and distress were produced, to
which the present distress and pressure bear but little resem-
blance. This state of things was produced hecause the direc-
tors managed the bank with a view to their own interest, and
that of their friends, disregarding the interest of that commu-
nity from which they had acquired their p^er May they not
do so again"! Have we not reason to feat they will, if the char-
ter is prolonged")
"When the Pénate adjourned on yesterday, 1 was considering
the effects on society, in the year 1819, of the proceedings of the
Bank of the United States from the time it went into ouetation.
The distress then experienced, and those now felt, are the
fruits of the charter granted in 1816 "
S r, said Mr. Black, I pin my faith to the sleeve
of no man; but while I feel bound, under the oath
I have taken, to investigate and judge for myself,
I may be permitted to refer to, and adduce, the
opinions of Washinginn, Jefferson, Clay, and
White, to vhow that I am supported and sustained
in ray "Sub-T>e*sury notions" by their anti-bank
notions. But what avails all this array of great
names, stubborn facts, and sound principles, when
your stump orators and Tippecanoe club politicians
are enlightening the people with "leg cabins and
hard cider " Whatever may be the force of these
luminous Whig arguments, 1 have the consolation to
know that I am sustained by the opinions of the
great men I have referred to, and that I have done
my duty in laying those opinions before the people,
that they may look at both sides of the question,
and judge for themselves. . If we may form con-
clusions as to the future from past experience, can
we reasonably hope or expect relief from a bank?
When the bank flourished we were oppressed!
"This state of tbiBgs," says Judge White, "was
produced because the directors managed the bank
wiih a view to their own interest, and that of their
friends^l«regarding the interest of the Community
from which they had acquired their pdwer. May
they not do so again? Have we not reason to fear
they will, if their charter isprolongedV
Mr. Black desired to say a few words with re-
gard to the famous credit system of ihe modern
Whigs, and of the hostile relation in which a na-
tional bank has stood, and in which it must neces-
sarily stand toward the local insiitutions of his own
State. He was the friend of that bona fide credit
which was based either upon gold and silver, or on
valuable property.   It should emanate from, and
be founded on, something substantial and tangible;
otherwise it was a pretence to confidence which
might never be realized m fact, and which, in nine
cases out of ten, wou d result in delusive, ruinous,
and gambling speculation. Look, sir, at the deri-
vation of the term—credo, I believe, I trust, I have
confidence; why? Because there is something sub-
staniial behind the 6ore promise which credit implies,
capable of paying the debt which that promise in-
Gurs, it the individual credited should, from whatever
cause, fail to perform the obligation he a*sumes.
In speaking of credit, we shoaid divide the sub-
ject into two heads, at least, to facilitate the analy-
sis to which it should be reduced, before we can
propeny understand it; first, with regard to the in-
dividual who creates credit, and, secondly, with
regard to the individual credited. He who origi-
nates credit, should own gold and silver, or other
valuable property which can be made available to
answer the possible failure of the individual in-
trusted with the credit; and he who receives that
cradit should have skill, intelligence, integrity,
"productive industry," in the absence of property,
y to which the friend who as«ists htm with his name
may look for his safety, It these qualifications in
the credited fail, then the communny who were in-
duced to part with their property upon the faith of
a promise, have something behind that promise
substantia^ available, and responsible for the debt.
Tbe community, whose interests are mostly at stake
in the practical effects of the credit system, will
then be ultimately secure from loss in extending
that confidence, without which, I admit, many an
honest and intelligent man might continue in hope*
less-poverty. Sir, let me illustrate my system of
credit. My neighbor has amassed wealth; hs is a
man of substance, owning, perhaps, one hundred
thousand dollars in gold and silver, or other valua-
ble property. I have neiiher gold or silver, nor
other valuable property; bul I have «kill, intelli-
gence, integrity, and productive industry. I debire
to extend my bphere of action, and to apply my
personal or mental qualifications in such a way
as to induce a greater return of interest to
myself. To enable me to accomplish this laudable
object, and reposing confidence in my skiU and
integrity, he loans me his name, and gives me the '
use of his credit. I go into one of your commer-
cial cities and purchase goods, wares, and mer-
chandise, upon my promise to pay, tacked by my
fnend'3 credit, which, itself, is founded on his gold
and silver, or other available property. If I fail
to pay the community who trusted me, they lose
nothing, because there is substantial and valuable
property which can be made available to pay the
debt. As between my neighbor and myself, the
uestion of credit must depend npon his confidence
in me and my qualifications; but if this system of
responsible credit, not only in the particular case I
put, but in all its legitimate variations, be adopted
and adhered to, then the people, who are always
the real and ultimate creditors, and into whose
hands these promises to pay must eventually fall,
will be comparatively safe. This safety will beget
confidence, and induce credit; and many a poor,
but honest and intelligent man, who is now thrown
back on his own original and limited resources, in
consequence of the fear and distrust which result
from a spurious and hrtsponsible system, would, un-
der a different state of things, be enabled to de-
velope all the resources of his skill and industry.
This, fir, is my system, illustrated, in part, by a
particular case. Its foundation is laid broad and
deep in absolute and tangible responmotitty, without
which all confidence between individuals and the
community must be ultimately destroyed.
No v, let us look at the credit system of the mo-
dern Whigs, as exemplified in a National Bank,
which they are pressing with such eagerness on the
country. The.r first s'ep would be to create an
artificial peieon. To this intangible being, they
give the power of making eont.acts. By your
legislate sanction, you enable it to throw those
contracts, in the shape of "promises to pay,"
far and wi>ls over tbe country, without, at
the same time, investing it wi h means to
redeem them. It is not restricted in its is-
sues to "dollar for dollar;" and even if it was,
where is the gold and silver to meet the immense
