April. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
701
¿6th Cong.......1st Sess.
appropriation Bill—Mr. Lincoln.
H. of Reps.
as shall be thus taken, converted, invested, used, or
loaned, which is hereby declared to be a felony;
and any < nicer or agent of the United States, aid
all person'; advising or participating in such act,
being convicted thereof before any court of the
UnitedStaes of competent jurisdiction, and all
persons advising or participating in such act,
beirg convicted thereof before any court of
the United States of competent jurisdiction,
shall be sentenced to imprisonment lor a term
not less than six months, nor more than five
years, and a fine equal to the amount of the money
embezzled." These are the words of the Sub Trea-
sury bill. Were any such restrictions or safeguards
thrown around the bank when it aced as our
agenil Cou'd you execute a judgment oi felony
on an «rti/UUJ,- intangible, in esponsible corpora-
tion, which is net only superior to personal impri-
sonment, but which converted to its own use t*e
national revenue intrusted to its care, and which
had been drawn from the people, nor for the «mo-
lament of a corporation, but for the support of the
public interest?
But, Mr. Chairman, I have done. I must re-
serve for some other occasion a more minute expo-
sition of the wisdom of this measure, for I have al-
ready detained yoo longer than 1 expected. My
purpose in addressing this committee was not so
much to make proselytes here, as to vindicate my-
self before the people of my own Slate. By the
facts and arguments I have adduced to you, I have
clearly demonstrated, that however I may have
erred in other respects, I have neither abandoned
my former principles, nor misrepresented the State
of Georgia.                                                 f
_________________________    /
16, ¿840— Inre-
itiojfi of the latter
pronation Bill a
irs of the Pre-
the floor, it was
SPEECH OP MR. LINCOLN?
Or Massachusetts.
h the House of Representatives, j3}
ply to Mr. Oolx, upon theproj
to strike out of the General Aj
small item for alterations and
sidenfs House, &c
When Mr. LINCOLN obtain*
late in the evening, and, perceiving that he was fa-
tigued by the long sitting, it was proposed to ad-
journ the debate to the following day, but Mr. L.
preferred sayitg at once what he had to say.   He
began by replying to some remarks of Mr. Ogle
incidental to the main debate, taking occasion, in
the course of his reply, to state certain particulars
in which his remarks on a former day bad been
misstated, probably because misunderstood, by the
Reporter for the Globe newspaper.   After disposing
of this preliminary matter, Mr. L. proceeded to the
main subject before the Committee of the Whole,
upon which he spoke as follows:
The member from Pennsylvania (said Mr. Lin-
cols) has insisted that the tendency of my remarks
was t  justify the purchase of extravagant articles
of furniture for the President's house.   I repeat
that I attempted no such justification, for I had nei-
ther seen many of the exceptionable articles nor
inqaired into their price.   The argument, so far as
it west, was against that false standard of economy
which measures the value of a thing by its cost,
ami decides upon its fitness with no reference what-
ever to the place or occasion for its use.   The se-
lection of furniture for such an establishment is
matter of taste, about which minds may well differ;
and I said that while tome would consider as must
appropriate the rich and showy, others would pre-
fer the plain and simple in fashion; bu~ thai, for a
mansion so spacious and: so magnificent as that
which the nation had provided for the residence of
the Chief Magistrate, the furniture, so far as I bad
seen, was neither too good nor too abundant.   In
this, I am not aware that I alone among the Whigs,
although I may not indeed be so happy as to meet
the approving voice of all.   Bnt does such a differ-
•nee imply   dereliction of principle any where?
The   member    suggests    that   my   manner  6t
life and habits of thinking may have given rae
a taste for articles of extravagance.   What does
*e know  of my   habits   of   life ?     Sir, I   can
tell   him   they    have   been   as   honorably   la-
borious, and as plainly republican, at least, as his
own.  Be it from necessity or choice, I am in no
wise ignorant of those duties and offices which be-
come the humblest station.   I  have been taught to
toil as faithfully, and to direct my thoughts as up-
rightly, as the least proud one here.   One lesson
more have I learned, that, in reference to the con
duct of others, the tongue is an unruly organ,
which an evil spirit may indulge, but which can-
dor and a love of truth should at all times restrain.
Mr. Chairman, it can only be necessary to re-
view the remarks of the member to show the ab-
surdity of their intended application.   While he
condemns the extravagance of the furniture, he is
silent   in respect to   the appropriations through
which it was procured.    These appropriations are
the grants of legislation fry the Representatives of the
people.   Whose was the work of constructing the
costly mansion, and to what end was it reared?
More than forty years have now elapsed siBce the
building was erected, at the charge of more than
half a million of dollars to the nation, and from
that time to the present it has been occupied in the
manner in   which   it is  now used.     Congress,
through all this intervening period, have voted the
sums for furnishing the house, as they had pre-
viously done for its construction.   If it were in-
tended that the occupant should himself provide
the furniture, wherefore these grants,?   They com-
menced before the house was first taken possession
of by the elder Adams, and the occasions for fur-
ther supplies have since been voluntarily antici-
pated upon every succession to the Presidency
Besides, the spacious hails and lofty ceilings ol
such a mansion require much  which would be
suited to no other residence. • The reasonableness
of compelling a President elect to an outlay ex-
ceeding his annual salary in the purchase of furni-
ture for a house, th? occupancy of which he has
not the election to refuse, and Ihe tenancy of which,
at the expiration of every four years, is at the dis-
posal of the popular voice, with the certainty of the
sacrifice upon the cost of the property in th« at-
tempt to dispose of it for any other place or use,
cannot gravely be contended for.   The credit of
• the country itself would suffer by such an arrange-
ment; for either the officer, by  the absorption of
his salary in the purchase of suitable and sufficient
furniture for the house, would be deprived of the
appointed means for his proper support in the of-
fice, or, by the neglect of such provision, would ex-
hibit to the world, in nis public station, the dis-
creditable    contrast   of  magnificent   apartments
meanly destitute or scantily furnished with what-
ever was appropriate to their occupation.    It is a
great mistake to suppose that these accommoda-
tions are for the personal relief, or to the private
advantage of the President.   He it made by them,
and by the amplitude of his salary, emphatically
the host of the nation.   His guestsare the guests of
the people.   The Executive mansion  is the place
for their reception.   This house of the people is
the fitting  position   in which,  in  the person of
their   Chief  Magistrate,  they receive   from the
representatives of other people the  homage due
to the sovereignty of this great Republic.    Here
ambassadors and ministers, the accredited messen-
gers from the proudest and most powerful, the en-
lightened and most refined ol the kingdoms of the
earth, are received and entertained in the name of
the hospitality of the nation!   And here, too, the
courtesies of official station are exchanged between
the high functionaries of the Government, and ex-
tended to all classes of ihe citizens.   The House, it
is well known, is open to all, and is daily visited
by many.    Is it too much, then, that the place and
its appendages are beyond the requirements of pri-
vale station?   I venture the assertion, that so far
as the personal interest of the President is.con-
cernen-, (I speak not of the present incumbent,
but of whoever has been or may be in the office,) it
would be preferable, far preferable, to him to oc-
cupy, at his own cost, a smaller and more humble
humble dwelling, than to submit to the inconveni-
ences and heavy exactions which his required resi-
dence in  the Executive mansion necessarily im-
poses.   Sure I am that, in a pecuniary point of
view, it would be much better for any incumbent
in the office to receive ten thousand dollars, and
furnish his own habitation, than with twenty-five
thousand to maintain the style of living and public
tt
hospitality which every President in succession has
deemed but in conformity with the design, as well
as the liberality of present provisions.
But the member complains of it as a monstrous
abuse, that the President of the United States, in
addition to his salary, and the use of a furnished
house, should have the grounds about the latter
kept in order at ihe public expense.   He says the
President ought to furnish his own house and em-
ploy his own gardener, as his salary is amply suf-
ficient.   I have only to add to what I have before
said on this subject, that such has not been the
judgment or the pleasure of the people.   For forty
years, their Representatives sitting in these halls,
without  division in sentiment or vote, have pro-
vided the house, supplied the furniture, directed the
enclosure and improvement of the grounds, and re-
quired their occupation by the Chief Magistrate.
The salary may be sufficient for the officer.   On
this point I take no issue with the member.   So
may the per diem of eight dollars be ample compen-
sation for a Representative in" Congress.   But does
the scrupulous member himself receive   nothing
more?    I demand of him to say if eight dollars a
day is not abundant recompense for the value of
his labors here; and yet, does he keep his hands
clean from all the perquisites of place?   Has he ne
Government stationery in his room? no Congres-
sional penknife of costly extravagance at this very
moment in his pocket?   Has he never ordered to
his lodgings the beautiful " embossed and lace-
eáged note paper " and " fancy sealing wax," for
the use of any of his family, or received to his own
use a distributive share of the "spoils," in costly
editions of books printed at the expense of the Trea-
sury?   Sir, let me not be misunderstood.   I do not
condemn him in this, for the legislation of the House
allows it. But I say he receives these things by a more
questionable authority than does the President of the
United States ihe accommodations which are made
the burden of his complaint.   When, therefore, the
member goes to bis constituents and to mine with
the objections that the Chief Magistrate of the na-
tion is (in his most courieous language) robbing
and cheating the people in receiving, under an ap-
propriation of Congress, the use of a furnished
house and the care of a garden, in addition to his
salary, let him, at the same time, honestly admit,
that to his own pay he adds, at the public charge,
Derquisites of considerable value, and which a col-
league of his, [Mr. Petrikin.J on another occasion,
pronounced, although I think by gross exaggera-
tion, equal in amount to the per diem.   Sir, the
President is much rather to be justified in the use of
his furnished lodgings than the member in the en-
joyment of his perquisites; for the latter may be re-
fused, while the fonner, consistently with the ex-
isting arrangements of the Government, cannot be
declined.
I regret, Mr. Chairman, that it necessary for me
to pursue this ungrateful subjeot further. I
fear, in doing it, I shall exhaust the patience of the
committee. But the member cavils with me for
sustaining the appropriation for the salary of the
gardener at ihe President's square. In my remarks,
on a former day, to which be excepts, I said that
this had been a usual appropriation for many years,
and that I saw no new reason, a; i. i< time, for its
discontinuance. I have now in my hand a certifi-
cate from the Commisáoner of the Public Build-
ings, showing that ihe gardener, the v< ry same in-
dividual, with the same character of service, and at
the same rate of compensation, has been in the em-
ploy of the Government for the continuous peried
of fifteen years, having been first engaged in 1825.
I will read the certificate here, as notice that I shall
offer it e>n the trial of the issue between the mem-
ber and myself before my constituents:
"Office of the Commissioner op Public Buildings.
"It appears from the books of this office that
John Ousley was appointed gardener at the Presi-
dent's square on the lit of August, 1825, ata re-
gular salary of four hundred and fifty dollars per
annum for his services. He has received that sa-
lary quarterly, up to the 31st December, 1839, and
is at this time the gardener at the President's square.
"W. NOLAND."
In respect to the grounds about the President's
house, they, in common with those around the Ca-
