roa
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1840.
26th Cokg.««• 1st Sess.
appropriation Bill—Mr. Lincoln.
H. of Reps
ntol, are, at all times, open to the public. They
have been laid out and ornamented at the public
charge, and if not now cared frr by Congress, will
soon become a neglected and unsightly waste. The
President has no motive to the expense of their im-
provement. Like the spacious walks and culti-
vated borders of the beautiful enclosure within
which we are here situated, they are for the enjoy-
ment of the people, and in the frequency of resort
to them, and the freedom with which they are used,
it is daily seen how little they are regarded as pri-
vate. They are, indeed, accessible to all, and I
would recommend to the member himself, at some
pleasant eventide, to repair to this quiet retreat,
and indulge in the meditation to which it invites.
AgaiB: It is made a heinous offence in me that,
in addition to all which is now within and about
the Honse, I save notice that the committee of
which I am a member would propose, at the pre-
sent eessioi, a small appropriation for one of the
rooms most frequently in use, and which is now
entirely destitute of furniture.   The bill which con-
tains that appropriation has since been reported
from the committee, and gives a few hundred dol-
lars for the purchase of plain furniture, of Ameri-
can manufacture, for the ante-room  to the Presi-
dent's parlor.   The member objects that this is al-
together unnecessary, and the reason he assigns for
this opinion is as singular as the objection is extra-
ordinary in itself.    "In the ante-rooms of princss,"
says the member, visiters are kept standing until
they are admitted to an audience."    When I ad-
dressed this committee, on a former day, I de-
scribed this room as the apartment into which visit-
ers, whether for ceremony or business, were shown
previous to  their introduction   to the President.
Here they dispose of their over garments, in all
weather and seasons, and wait, if need be, the pre-
vious engagements of the President;   and in this
room there is not the accommodation of a mirror,
a table, or a chair.   Whatever may be   the forms
observed in the courts of Europe, or the habit of
princes in the treatment of their subjects—of which
I profess to be but poorly advised—it strikes me as
hardly becoming that they should be quoted in Re-
publican America as fit rules to be adopted for the
regulation of intercourse between free, indepen-
dent, enlightened citizens, and their elective officers.
The courts of Europe, forsooth!   And such is the
authority relied upon by this Whig from Pennsyl-
vania for denying a chair to his,constituents and
mine, in the very house provided by the people far
their own honor,  nd in excuse for denouncing me
for seeking to make provision for their more suita-
accommodation.   Because the princes of Europe
keep their vassals in servile waiting upon their
pleasure, is that a reason why a Republican citizen
of the United States should lack the comfort of a
seat, while the President may be called from his ta-
bla or his study  to offer him those courtesies to
which every freeman is here entitled?   It is not
thus my Democracy teaches.   The free citizens of
a Republic are themselves sovereigns, and the mea-
sure of their right and the  respect which  is their
due are not to be looked fir in the conventional
etiquette of court , nor are they the boon of princes.
If the constituents of the member shall visit Wash-
ington, and desire an introduction to the Chief Ma-
gistrate, and he dare trust himself to accompany
them to the "White  House," I venture to say he
will be made sensible to the deficiency which thí
committee propose to supply; and whatever may
be his own views of subserviency to the customs of
Europe, the indignant expression of reproof which
he would hear from tho^e to whom he should offer
such an   excuse  for any want they might wit-
ness, would bring conviction to hi?   mind   that
this was not the country of princes.    What! him-
self a Whig, and propose a conformity to   the
manners and customs of ari>iocra¡ic power— aping
the fashions of a royal court?   Himself p-ofessing
to be a  Republican, and condemn that which re-
spect for a Republics people den,auds?   Sir, I re-
peat, this is a poor concern  to be made the occa-
sion of so much ci;.mor.    It hardly becomes the
member, for such cause, to read homilies upon po-
litical consistency to others.  The inducement to hi 
gratuitous labors may be found in the narrowness.
of his own views, rather than in a default of fide-
lity elsewhere. He mistakes a small matter of mere
business expediency for a great question of princi-
ple. Mr. Chairman, lest, from the vehemence of
his denunciation, any should be led to suppose an
abandonment of party by-me, I will even volun-
teer a confession of faith; and I here profess, tes-
tify, and declare, that I am no less a Whig than if
I had never ¡seen the Executive mansion; ay, that I
am as much to be confided in for steadfast opposi-
tion to the present Administration as though, like
the member, I had the new bom zeal of a convert
from Jacksonism! Sir, I am as thoroughly op-
posed to Mr. Van Buren as the member was de-
voted, at one time, to his " illustrious prede-
cessor !" I regard the policy and leading measures
of the Administration as hostile to the best interests
of the people, and destructive of the prosperity of
the country; and, as such, from the first, I have
been their uncompromising opponent, and to the
utmost of my power shall continue to resist them.
But in this I have not, nor shall I demean myself,
by indulging in hard names and coarse invectives
against the high officers of Government.
Mr. Chairman, I nvght now rest. It is not my
intention to enter into any defence of the propriety
of the particular appropriations which, from time
to time, have been made for the accommodation of
the Chief Magistrate of the nation. Much less
would I attempt a vindication of the prodiga,
expenditur.s of the present Administration. They
have beeD extravagant and wasteful enough, in all
conscience, and furnish an exhaustless theme for
the se/erest animadversion. When I had the ho-
nor óf addressing the committee, on a former day,
I distinctly presented, in connection with the sub-
ject now under discussion, some of the most crying
abuses, in the construction of the public edifices in
this city, the deceptive estimates, and irresponsible
prefligate management of those who had direction
of the woik, and, as I deemed, the wanton and
lawless diversion of funds by tbe Executive, from
other and more important objects, to their comple-
tion. At the proper time, and on a suitable occa-
sion, I shall be as prompt as another to take to task
the Adminstration for any and all other of their
misdoings.
There was one remark of the member from
Pennsylvania made and dwelt upon with appa-
rent complacency, so extraordinary in itself, (I was
about to say, so atrocious, te my mind, in the only
application which can possibly be given to it,) that
I cannot permit it to pass unnoticed. In referring
to the furniture and cultivation of the grounds in
the use of the President, the member said, "the
receiver was as bad as the------other man."   Sir,
we all know the words of the adage—"the receiver
is as bad as the thief." And who is the receiver,
and who the thief? From the days of Washing-
ton, through a long succession of illustrious men,
every President of the United States, including the
elder Adams, Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, J. &.
Adams, Jackson, and the present incumbent, have
received the benefit of a similai provision in their
official station. The house, the furniture, the gar-
den, and the cultivated grounds have been alike
the enjoyment of each, and at the public charge.
It may be instructive to, this committee to be in-
formed of the grants of Congress for some of these
objects, during the several perieds of the respective
administrations. 1 have now before me a state-
ment, collated from official documents, of appro-
priations for the purchase of furniture for each
Presidential term, after the removal of the Seat of
of Government to the Federal city.
By a law of the 2d of March, 1797, just pre-
vious to the commencement of the administration
of *the elder Adams, Congress made the following
appropriation:
Proceeds of sale of old furniture, and so much
in addition thereto, as the President may judge ne-
cessary, not exceeding $14,000.
During the Administration of Mr. Jefferson, the
appropriations amounted to $29,000.
In that of Mr. Madison to $28,000.                       ¡
It was in this period that the house was sacked |
by the British upon their incursion into Washing-
ton during the war, and ihe furniture, which, from j
the beginning, had cost the nation upwards of se- j
venty thousand dollars, was wholly destroyed.         '
After the repair of the House, in the years 1817
and 1818, during the administration of Mr. Mon-
roe, the records show appropriations for refurnish-
ing it to the aggregate amount of #50,000.
In the administration of Mi. John &. Adams,
the grants amounted to #20,000.
In that of General Jackson to $39,000; and
In that of Mr. Van Buren, they have been, to
this time, #20,000.
The statement from which I read gives the date
of each law, and the precise appropriation un-
der it.
Such, Mr. Chairman, are the sums—whether la-
vish or not, I shall not stop to consider—which,
from time to time, have been voted by Congress;
and these are the "receivers" to whom the member
refers—men who, for accepting the accommoda-
tions provided by law for the office which they sus-
tained, are charged with "robbing the Treasury and
fleecing the People." The e are they of whom it
is said "the receiver is as bad as the thief!" The
elder Adams, the dauntless asserter of American
freedom; Jefferson, tbe co-patriot cf Adams, the
draughtsman of the Declaration of Independence,
the great apostle of liberty, the very chief of De-
mocrats; Madison, the champion of the Constitu-
tion, the patriot sta'esman and sage; Monroe, the
soldier of the Revolution, the brave defender of
the Republic in the first war, the inflexible and un-
compromising advocate of national honor, rights,
and interests in the last: these are they who re-
ceived the appropriations, and to whom the adage
is applied. Names deathless in fame, immortal
in the history of their country's renown! My ve-
nerated colleague, too, the learned civilian, the ac-
complished diplomatist, the incorruptible magis-
trate, he who on th s floor is the most fearless and
ftaithful of the servants of the people, together with
the Hero of New Orleans, "the greatest and the
best,1' and the more humble "follower in the foot-
steps"—they also are within the obloquy of the
«ame reproach.
And who is the thief? The Congress of the
United States, the Representatives of the people, in
succession, through a series of more than forty
years. These are the men who, by making the ap-
propriations, ia the sentiment of the member from
Pennsylvania, pluhdered the Treasury and
robbed their constiToents ! Is there an indivi-
dual within the sound of my voice whose cheek
doe- not burn with indignation at the bare recital
of the charge? Where were the sleepless sentinels
of the people's rights, the dragon guardians of the
public chests, when these spoilers robbed it of its
treasure? Was no arm raised for its protection?
Search the journals of either House of Congress,
and neither voice nor vote is found against one of
those appropriations. If they deserve the charac-
ter now attempted to be given them, how happens
it that in forty years there has been no resistance to
their passage? How happens it, indeed, that, in
the last Congress, of which this Pennsylvanian, of
more than Spartan virtue, was a member, no oppo-
sition was o fit red to grants precisely similar to those
contained in the present bill? They passed with-
out objection then.
[Mr. Ogle-    No; a member near rae say* he ob-
jected.]
Mr. Linc ln. Who is the man? I heard of no
dissentient. If any had tbe virtue, at that time, to
think it wrong, he had not the courage to make it
known. Where is the recorded vote at a call even
for a division upon the question. Sir, the truth is,
such grants were thought proper upon the original
consideration of them, and subsequently they have
been of courst and usual. If the people will no
longer approve them, Congress most refer back, by
legislation, to their occasion; dispose of the *'White
House;" send tbe forniture to auction; and leave
the President to provide for himself his place of
residence and means of accommodation. When
¡his shall appear to be the judgment of the people,
I shall he found among the last to withstand their
will.
There is another topic upon which the member
has harped loud and long—the style and fashion of
the articles which have been purchased un ier the
appropriations. In my imperfectly «reported re-
marks, to which the member so freely refers for a
