July, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
70S
26th Cono-...1st. Sess.
FiOrida War—Air. Underwood.
H. of Reps.
text to his folio annotations, with the reading of
which, for hours, he has occupied the time of this
committee, not a single article was particularly
speciied or justified by me. Wherefore, then, does
he attempt to make me responsible for such as he
has chose  to designate, and for the extravagance
of whicn, upon the fidelity of bis description only,
he asks a sentence of condemnation? I did say,
however, generally, I bave already to day repeated,
and I now reiterate, that to a casual observer the
furniture appeais neither too rich nor too abundant
lor the sue and magnificence of the mansion, nor
loo good for the use of the first representative of-
ficerof a free and sovereign people. But of this I
make no matter of personal controversy with the
member. I understand him now to say that he
has never been at the house. How well, then, it
may comport with a becoming modesty, or sense of
justice even, to denounce unseen that which pru-
dent and honorable men have sanctioned, I leave
for others to consider. He condemns the articles as
the exhibition of aristocratic pride and splendor
Well, sir, I defend not the purchase of these ar-
ticles, but take my position behind the character of
those by whose authority they were procured. I
insist that whatever fault has been commit-
ted is with those who furnished the means
of such extravagance—if extravagance there
be—wi¡h the Representatives of the people,
who, again and again, under every Adminis-
tration, with a full knowledge of the manner in
which the money would be expended, bave voted
the appropriations without restriction or qualifica-
tion. I have shown that whatever reproach at-
taches to the procurement and use of such furni-
ture has been incurred by the head of each succes-
sive Administration. If, indeed, the fashion of the
House be a display of regal splendor, stern and
sound Republicans have been betrayed into this
fsolish error.
Thomas Jefferson was once accounted a plain
and napretending Democrat, and passed, in his
day, for an unostentatious Chief Magistrate, and
yet we have seen that the sum of $29,000 was ex-
pended for furniture during the period of his Presi-
dency; and this, too, in addition to th  $14,000 pre-
viously granted to his immediate predecessor. The
parity and Republican simplicity of Mr. Madison's
life and manners have never, to this time, been
questioned; yet to the $43,000 before appropriated,
$38,000 more were added to the royal pageantry in
the eight years of his Administration. Col. Mon-
roe, too, was he a vainglorious aristocrat? Be has
the credit, in history, at least, of having resisted to
blood, in the Revolutionary conflict, a Government
of royal pride and arrogance, and by a life devoted to
his country, contributed as largely as any other to
the establishment and support of institutions of
equal rights and political equality; yet, in his ad-
ministration, a greater expenditure was made in re-
furnishing the house, after the late war, than under
all his predecessors. What say you, Mr. Chair-
man, of my venerable colleague? Is he not a good
Whig in principle, and a plain Republican in man-
ners? And yet he received whatever benefit re-
sulted from the appropriation of $20,000, daiing
the four years of his Presidency, added to the large
expenditure made by Colonel Monr e. But think
you my honorable colleague would have consented
to this, with a consciousness that it was intended
for mere empty display? or that, by doing it, in the
language of the member, he was robbing the Trea-
sury and fleecing the people? Sir, my colleague
has no occasion to make professions of honesty or
respect for the rights of the people, to entitle his
course of official action to the confidence due to
eminent public services and distinguished private
virtue. Of all men, he would be the last to indulge
in matters of ostentation and vain show.
[Mr. Ooxb. I deny that either Adams or Monroe
ever had such trumpery as Van Buren 1
Mr. Lincoln. And I undertake io say that, dur-
ing the Presidency of Mr. Monroe, more "trum-
pery," as the member is pleased to tetm it, was car-
ried into the Presidential mansion, than under every
other Administration, to this time, put together.
Mr. Chairman, it was not my wish to enter at
 H  to this subject. But upon the denial of the
member now, I feel boitodto refer the committee to
the fact, apparent upon the bills, that many of the
very, anieles which have been ^pointed out as
most objectionable, were purchased from the ap-
propriation of $50,000 in the time of Mr. Monroe.
In point of truth, they were procured by him, and
for his own account, while Minister in France,
and were afterwards taken for the Government, by
appraisal, on his accession to the cbair of State.
Ay, sir, this famous golden plateau, and most of
these gold spoons, and knives, and forks, and
vases, which have so bewildered the imagination of
the member, anJ shocked the simple virtue of his
heart, were the purchase of the Republican Mon-
roe ! And, in application to these even, there is a
lesson of infancy, which may profitably be remem-
bered, that "all is not gold which glitters;" for, if
I am not greatly misinformed, the plateau, and
spoons, and knives, and forks, are but silver gilded,
and the golden vases but china painted!
But the monstrous extravagance of such things!
exclaims the member. What is done with the vast
amount of these appropriations? he inquires. Sir,
I have not peered into the windows of the palace,
or moused through the kitchen or the garret, to see
whether the people have got their money's worth in
the purchases which have been made. This is not
the province of the committee of which I am a
member; nor, if it were, would I perform the ser-
vice. Does it require, he asks, such lars;e amounts
for mere plain and necessary furniture? No, sir,
no; nor is it to be supposed that, by the large ap-
propriations which have been made from time to
time, Congress could intend the purchases should
be so restricted. Simple, indeed, must he be (I
had almost said a fool) who could imagine that,
in the authority of an outlay of fifty thousand dol-
lars, as in the case of Mr. Monroe, or of twenty
thousand dollars, as in the administration of Mr.
Adams, or thirty thousand, as in that of General
Jackson, or twenty thousand'for Mr. Van Buren,
the ornamental was to be excluded. The schedules
which the member exhibits may well excite his
wonder. I know nothing of their fidelity. But the
carpets and the curtains, the candlesticks and the
candelabras, the ottomans and the divans, the ta-
bles, mahogany aBd marble, the tabourets (tabby
cats, in the member's nomenclature) were all
doubtless in the estimates. They may be names of
startling sound to an unpractised ear, but they are
things of use and no uncommon appearance in ma-
ny a private parlor.
One thing, above all, seems to bave created
amazement with the member. He has found, in
his manly and dignified research, an invoice of
"cups and saucer ,'* which were in the closets of
Mr. Adams; and he cries out with astonishment at
their number. What the need, he demands, of so
many dozens of cups and saucers? Sir, I will tell
the member. They were wanted for a purpose
which he could never conjecture—the hospitable
entertainment of visiters and friends. They were a
means, among others, of offering the courtesies of
place to those who called upon the President a^ the
Representative of the people. They were used for
the refreshment of the nation's guests. To such as
witnessed the noble hospitality of my honorable
colleague, in his high official station, it need not be
told how entirely the accommodations of the Ikuse
were made but mere appliances to hit personal li-
berality. Sir, I advise the member to study better
the manners of the past, before he prescribes a rule
of conduct for the future. The public residence of
the Piesident of.the United States has been, and
should ever continue, the seat of a generóos hospi-
tality; and representing as I do a free-hearted and
liberal constituency, the incumbent in office, who-
ever he may be, shall never find in my voté an ex-
cuse for its neglect. If General Harrison vhall
succeed to the occupancy of the White House, as I
trust he may, and which I shall labor as zealously
as any one to effect, my speech shall furnish no ar-
gument for leaviig him there with only the worn
out and cast-off furniture of his predecessor.
Mr. Chairman, I thank the member that he has
left us in no doubt of the cause of his grievous
complaints in these matters. I understand him to
say tiathe was one of those who joined in the no-
torious East Room clamor; and by reason of the
imputed extravagance of my venerable colleague,
in the purchase of a billiard table, some cues and
chessmen, at the cost of a few dollars, assisted in
displacing one Administration, which taxed the
Treasury but twelve millions a year, to introduce a
dynasty which now requires more than thrice-told
that amount for its annual expenditure. If for
such cjuse he would hurl from place one of the
most pure and faithful patriots that ever served
the country, there can be no surprise at the wea-
pons he has chosen with which to assail the men
now in power. The member once belonged to the
school of these same political reformers, and much
I fear, in the fault of his early lessons, gives less
heed, at this time, to the alarming principles and
flagrant misdoings of a vicious Administration,
than personal attention to a microscopic search for
minor ■ defects in the boastful economy of its dis-
bursements. Sir, I solemnly protest against these
things being brought into the politics of the day.
Tney can be made to have no just or proper bear-
ing there. It may seem to us that the salary of the
President is loo high, and the home and its append-
ages too splendid and costly; but they were the ap-
pe-imments of wiser and better men than ourselves,
in the purer days of the Republic, and they have
been sustained and enjoyed as the measure of every
Administration, and in turn by all parties. For
myself, I am free to confess that, were they at this
time or.ginal provisions, with present experience, I
should be the advocate of neither. But while the sa-
lary continues and the house remains, I will not
consent that the President shall hoard the one or
live like a recluse and niggard in the other.
But one word more, Mr. Chairman, and I have
done. If, in sustaining the appropriations to which
exceptions have been taken, I differ in judgment
from others, it is because I regard the original de-
sign of the Government in the arrangement which
requires them, and not that I advocate extravagant
grants, or have the slightest reference to the benefit
of their recipient. Of the particular manner«in
which the money has been expended, I pretend to
know nothing, and I have said nothing. With
Mr. Van Buren personally,! have nought to do.
Upon his temper and bearing, his habits and man-
ner of living, in private, and with those of his fa-
mily, whether at home or at the Cmrt of Queen
Victoria, the member may as freely descant as his
taste shall prompt, or the patience of others bear,
without reply or heed from me. To Mr. Van
Buren politically, and to his Administration, I am
opposed upon other, and, I trust, higher grounds
than those which are taken in the speech «f the
member—upon the broad grounds of constitutional
principles, national interests, and the people's
fights; and I shall continue that opposition until it
shall end in the restoration of the supremacy of law
and representative government over Executive
usurpation and power.
Mr. Chairman, for the indulgence of the com-
mittee in their kind attention to what I have had to
say, I pray leave to return my sincere thanks. For
detaining them, after the.- fatigues of a long sitting,
to so late an hour in jHJEe evening, I owe them an
humble apology.
MR. UNDERWOOD,
OF KENTUCKY.
Reprtsentatives, July 13,   1940—On the
idment #roposea to the bill for the support of the army,
apprtof.riati*g 8300,000 to carry on the military operations in
Florida.   /
Mr. UNDpsR WOOD said that there were two things very
remarkablfgrowing out of the bill and amendment under eon-
sideratiob/and the debate connected with them. The first was,
the late fljriod of the session when these subjects were brought
up; and the second was, the character of the debate in criticiz-
ing ihe conduct of the officers of the army. Hedid not object
to the criticisms which gentlemen had made. He regarded it
the duty of members, when called en to vote the necessary sup-
plies, to inquire whether they were likely to be managed by
faithful and competent officers, and honestly applied to the ob-
jects intended. It was proper to look in   Mt transactions, as
they constitute the basis on which Hie judgment reposes in
coming to its conclusions in regard to future operations; and if
in the survey of the past we find that any one of our military
commanders is deficient in skill or bravery, or in any respect
unworthy of the station Assigned him, it is certainly pro-
per to expose his blunders «id discountenance the idea of hw
further employment. But, in doing this, we should proceed
with very great caution. We should remember that bat fsw
members of Congress wore in fact military men, however they
may have beoVbonorea with military title . It had been
facetiously said that we were all colonels or generals, and of
course well qualified to decide the merits of military move,
ments    However that maybe, our constituents have reposed
