7-J4
26th Cone* ••• 1st Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Florida War—Mr. Underwood,
July, 1840.
H. ot Reps.
confidence in us; and, in conducting their affairs as the grand
inquest of the nation, it isourduty toexamine eveiy thing,and
then publish for their information and ultimate correction
whatever abuses w  may detect. There is no greater abuse
than that of omitting to expose unfaithful or incompetent
officers; and if members can detect glaring errors in the cam-
paigns of our generals, or show that their conduct in a moral
point of view has been such that they ought not to be trusted, it
is their duty to do it. But, in the discharge of this delicate
duty, there is every inducement to proceed with the utmost
caution.
Those whom we assail are not here to defend themselves
against our imputations; and that consideration wilt induce a
man of honorable sentiments and elevated character not to
attack the private or official reputation ot any one unless upon
the clearest convictions of duty.
The officers of our army, and especially the commanders of
our forces in Florida, are charged with the performance of very
arduous and responsible duties, involving the lives of thou-
sands, and the protection of the property and firesides of tens
of thousands. Like ourselves, the soldier feels the value of
reputation, and is stimulated to noble achievements by the p lau-
tlits of his countrymen. Who among them would continue in
the service for the merceuaiy consideration of pay and rations
alone/ If there be sucha one, he will disgrace the epaulets
upon his shoulders ou the first occasion. Sir, the true soldier
]>oura out his blood and gives his life lor his country, because he
* inspired by a love of glory and an ardent patriotism. Take
these elevated sentiments from him, and he skulks from the
field of battle, lose* the enterprise and noble bearing of a hero,
and contents himself with the sensualities of a brute. Sir,
we shall be responsible for ihe ruin of the army if we degrade
the character of our generals unjustly No man of proper
spirit will command your armies, if Congress or its members
should endeavor to bring him into contempt It is cruel to the
individual, but for the sake of the nation I implore members
not to strike at the reputation of our generals, unless they are
certain that their charges are well founded.
Again, sir, the reputation of the country is to a great extent
identified with our army and navy, and he who unjustly depre-
ciates the character of the gallant men who fight our battles, de-
tracts from the reputation of the Republic.
It is my purpose to submit some remarks in vindication of
Gen. Jesup against charges which, on former occasions, as well
as now, upon this floor and through the public prints, have been
reiterated against him. Before doing so, however, I must say,
that we exhibit to the country, and especially to the good people
of Florida, a spectacle which I fear will be regarded as not very
creditable to ourselves.
We are now within a week of the close of the session. We
have been here more than seven months; we have been in a
state of war with the Seminole Indians during the last five years;
we have beard thiough the newspapers the imploring cries  f
women and children, calling for protection against the toma-
hawk and scalping knife, and yet we have postponed acting
upon the measures proposed for the prosecution or the'fernu-
nation of Uie war, until we have but seven days left. Does
this look like we were in any haste to stop the effusion of blood?
Have our sensibilities been seared by a hot brand from the poli-
tical furnace! Can we spend weeks in making electioneering
speeches, and scarcely give one day to the consideration of the
measures proper to be adopted with a view to close a murder-
ous Indian war? Well may the gentleman from Florida [Mr.
Downing) complain that the Territory he so ably represents
has not received that consideration which the circumstances in
which she Is placed so imperatively require. Well may he
-suppose that, if she had votes to give in the next Presidential
election, her situation would receive more prompt consideration.
But, even when we take up the army bill, and it is proposed to
appropriate 8300,000 for the service in Florida and to discharge
arrearages, how do we go into a eonsideration of the subject!
Why, sir, instead of preparing to make war upon the Indians,
we attack our own generals, and attempt to bring them and their
operations into disgrace; and, in this war against our military
commanders, General Jesup has been exposed to a full share of
the hottest fire. Would that he were allowed to repel the as-
sault in his own person. But he must remain silent, lie Ins
done all that was in his power to place his conduct fairly be-
fore his countrymen, but so far no opportunity has been afforded
him to vindicate himself aga ;t repeated assaults. Sir, he au-
thorized me to say to Congress, years ago, that he courted in-
vestigation by any committee that might be appointed to invest i-
gate his conduct in the campaigns against the Southern Indians,
and 1 did in my place, on this floor, make known his willingness
to meet such investigation. Since his return fiom Florida, he
has asked a court of inquiry, but none has been ordered. Thus,
whilst he has manifested a commendable anxiety to meet his
accusers in any legitimate mode, no steps have been taken to
organize a committee or a court of inquiry to ascertain the facts.
His reputation is thus made to suffer, by attacks tor political
purposes, through a thousand channels, when, if the real truth
.ww known, the country would perceive very Utile, if any thing
in.his coaduct worthy of censure, and much to admire.
Owi. Jesup is no partisan in politics. I have often heard
him say that he never gave a vote in his life, except on courts
martial. He is a soldier, and the servant of his country, and
does not interfere with the scrambles of politicians for civil
offices. He is no brawler in applauding or condemning the mea-
sures of any Administration. If he expressess an opinion, it is ■
modestly, yet firmly done; and as long and as intimately as I
have known him, 1 have never detected the least disposkion on
his part to place any one in unfavorable or odious aspects in the
eyes of others.
The two charges of most serious consequence to the reputa-
. tion of Gen. Jesup are: first, that he intrigued for command,
arid with a view to supplant Gen. Scott in the confidence of the
late President, Gen Jackson; and, second, that he violated his
. own principles, so eloquently expressed in the letter read by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, (Mr. Biddle,) disgraced himself,
and tarnished the reputation of the country by making captives
of Oceola and others who approached his camp under a flag of
truce.
A plain tale will put down both charges.
On the 20th of May, 1836, the following general order issued,
assigning Gen. Jesup t« command in the Creek country:
General Orders, i             Adjutant General's Office,
No. 32.           \                        Washington, May 20,1836.
1. Brevet Major Gen. Thomas S. Jesup has Been assigned by
the President to duty according to his brevet rank, and to take
command of the troopsof the United Slates, and the militia that
may be ordered and called into service, to suppress the hostili-
ties of the Creek Indians. Gen. Jesup will accordingly proceed
to Fort Mitchell, Alabama, and there assume command and the
direction of affairs in that quarter.
2. The several departments of the staff will comply with such
requisitions as Gen. Jesup may make upon them.
By order:                    R. JONES, Adjutant General.
At the date of this order, Gen. Scott was in command in Flo-
rida. Gen. Jesup left Washington city on the night of the 21st
of May, in the steamboat; and so sudden was his departure,
that I knew nothing of his intention to go, until after he was
gone, although I was then a member of Congress, and in the
city. I am confident that Gen. Jesup's departure for ihe Creek
country could not have been long agitated previous to the date
of the order, because my intimacy with him was such that ho
would have mentioned to me his intentions; and because I had
been many years his agent for the transaction of business in
Kentucky, some of which remained unsettled when he left, and
about which he ought to have given me instructions before his
departure; and which I believe he would have done, had he not
been, unexpectedly to himself, ordered to the South. My igno-
rance, under these circumstances, of his being ordered to the
South, until after he was gone, convinces me that he did not
seek the service, and that his departure was the act of obedience
to the commands of the President, suddenly given. But sup-
pose he had sought active employment in the field, does his go-
ing to the Creek country show any disposition to interfere with
Gen. Scott, then in Florida? The one might well have conduct-
ed operaiions against the Creeks, whilst the other led our forces
against the Seminóles. There was no prospect of interference
between them when General Jesup left Washington. But it is
said that General Jesup poisoned the mind of General Jackson
against General Scott, alter the latter retired from Florida, and
assumed the «hief directum of the operaiions against the
Cteek Indians. The letter wiitten by General Jesup te F. P.
Blair is relied on as the evidence. It may be that that letter
did increase General Jackson's distrust of General Scott's abili-
ty to conduct military operations against the enemy with suc-
cess. But, sir, General Jackson's mind had been operated upon
long before the Blair letter was written; and he had actually
directed that an order should be issued commanding General
Scott "to withdraw from the command in Florida;'* which or-
der was issued, bearing date the 1st of June, 1836, and may be
found printed on pa|e 476 of volume 3d of Executive Docu-
ments, of the 25th Congress, 2d session. This order of the
President was founded on a letter addressed by Joseph M.
White, the delegate from the Territory of Florida, to the Pre-
sident, beanng date the 28th of May, 1836, requesting that
General Scott might be "immediately relieved from the com-
mand,1'and assigning reasons for the request not at all credi-
table to General Scott's military character. This letter may be
found beginning on the same page of the same volume of Ex-
ecutive Documents. Justice to General Scott requires me to
state that Mr. White subsequently explained or retracted the
charges contained in this letter of the 23th of May, so far as the
General's "military operations" were affected. A letter of Mr.
White, dated 13th December, 1836, may be found on page 479
of the same volumeof documents, in which he refers toa pre-
vious letter on the subject, printed in the Intelligencer. To
show the true state of these letters, orders, &c. I will read to
the committee a recent report made by the Adj utant General to
General Macomb, at* the request of General Jesup. It is as
follows:
AdjutawtGeneral's Officb,                     a
Washington, February 12, 184a
Sir: In compliance with the instruetionaof the Secretary of
War, to report upon the subject of General Jesup's letter of the
7th instant, addressed to the honorable Secretary, requestine to
be informed "whether Mr. White, late delegate from Florida,
ever withdrew his letter (addressed to the President) askmg for
the recall of General Scoti, and requesting an inquiry into his
c nduct; and, if so, what was the action of the Executive, if
any, on the subject?" I have to state that all 1 know touching
the matter of inquiry is the fact that the letter of the Hon. Mr.
While, dated May 28,1836, to the President of the United States,
the same referred to by General Jesup, is now on file in the
Adjutant General's office; that it was received there the 3d of
June, 1836, and is endorsed by the President as follows; "A
copy of this letter to be sent to General Scott, with an order to
withdraw from the command in Florida.                       A. J."
By the endorsement made in the War Office, to wit, "See let-
ter to Gen.Scott, June 1, 1836,"itis presumed that a record
of the same may be found on the books in the office of the Se-
cretary of War
I am, sir, very respectfully,
Yourobedient servant,
R. JONES, Adjutant General.
Major General Macomb. .
Thus it is placed beyond all controversy that General Scott,
in consequence of complaints made by Mr. White, was ordered
to "withdraw," in the endorsement made by the President; or,
in the more modest or less offensive language of the acting
Secretary of War, C. A. Harris, in his letter of the 1st of June,
1836, told, "under these circumstances, the President deems it
unnecessary for you to return to the command in Florida."
General Jesup's letter to F.P.Blair was not written until the
20th June, 1836. When White's letter was written, General
Jesup was on his road to assume the command in trie Creek
country, and could not possibly know anything in regard to
that letter, much less be the instigator of it. The conclusion
from all the foregoing facts is irresistible, that General Jesup
had nothing to do with any movement calculated to reflect dis-
credit upon General Scott in consequence of his operations in
Florida prior to the Blair letter.
Now, sir, I wish to exhibit the circumstances to this commit-
tee under which the Blair letter was written. I am much de-
ceivedifthe documentary evidence I shall present does not es-
tablish a complete justification in the feelings of every honora-
ble bosom for the contents of that letter. I would have ad-
dressed the letter, had I been in General Jesup's situation, di-
rectly to the President; but if the contents of a paper be justi-
fiable, it is rather an immaterial issue to cavil about the
channel of communication. 1 will not stop to harp upon that
matter.
General Jesup issued orders to his army, regulating the po-
sition of theseveral corps and the line of march, on the 11th
June, 1836, in the general order which follows:
Order, }                   Head Quarters,2d Army Corps,
No. 3. S                                             Tuskegee, June 11, 1836.
I- The army will march to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock, in
three columns. The centre column will consist of the baggage
train, the artillery, and a front and rear baggage guard.   The
right and left columns will be extended into file, and will each
consist of three troops of mounted men, and two companies of in
fantry. Two troops of mounted men will lead each column,
followed by two companies of infantry, and a troop of mounted
men will complete the column in the rear.
2.  Flankers will be detached from tho troops and companies
respectively to the right and left. The mounted men in front,
with one company of infantry of each column, will constitute
the first line in the order of battle, if the enemy appear in
front; the remaining companies will form the rear line, or re-
serve.
3.  Should an attack be made in the rear, one company of
infantry of each column, with the mounted men in the rear,
will form ihe line of battle; the remaining companies and troops
will form the reserve. Should an attack be made on the right
or left, those columns will respectively form the line of battle
and the reset ve.
4.  Theseventh troop will, until Capt. Youngjoins the army,
form the advance, and the fifth company of infantry will form
a covering party in the rear.
5.  The mounted men will form in the centre or on the flanks
in line of battle, according to the nature of the ground and the
orders of the General.
6.  A corps of pioneers will be farmed as Maj. Gen. Patterson
may direct.
7.  Maj. Gen. Patterson will detach a company to garrison
this post. Detailed instructions will be given to the captain by
the acting adjutant general.
8.  The Indian warriors under Gen. Woodward will march
with the army until Onotheolo's warriors ariive, when thty
will be detached to join Gen. Scott. They will wear white scarfs
on their left arms, and white bands around their heads. They
will scour the country in front, in the rear, and on the flanks,
and perform such other services as the General commanding
may direct.
9.   The officers and soldiers of the army are desired to
treat the friendly chiefs and warriors with kindness and at-
tention.
By command of Major General Jesup:
B. P. PARROTT, Acting Adj. Gen.
In sixteen days, hostilities with the Creek Indians were at an
end.   The skill and energy of Jesnp had triumphed.   The hos-
tiles surrendered to him; and on the 27th June he addressed his
army in the following general order:
Head-Quarters, Second Army Corps, S. A.
Fort Mitchell, June 27,1836.
1.  The Major General Commanding congratulates the troops
under his command ti pon the success which has attended their
operations during the present campaign. Though no brilliant
action has been achieved, peace and security have been restored
to the country. The Major General, in the course of twenty-
eight years' service, has commanded every variety of troops,
and in every possible situation incident to peace and war, and
he can say with truth, and he says it with pride and pleasure,
that he has never seen any body of men animated by a more ad-
mirable spirit than the volunteers which he commands. Call-
ed suddenly from the comforts and endearments of home to the
defence of a Weeding frontier, they put off the character of the
citizen and assumed that of the soldier, with a promptitude
worthy of vete-ans; and they have submitted to the privations,
exposure, and fatigue of a rapid and difficult march through a
wilderness occupied by a savage foe, under the most trying
circumstances, with a cheerfulness, alacrity, and gallantry,
which proves that they left their homes determined to do their
duty. They have performed their duty in the best possible
manner, and deserve the gratitude of their country. In the
name of that country, the Major General thanks them; and for
himself he begs Major General Patterson and the officers and
soldiers of his command, to accept his grateful acknowledg-
ments for the kind and liberal support which they have on all
occasions accorded to him.
2.  Major General Patterson will move his command, by easy
marches, to Long's, where he will encamp and await orders.
Subsistence and forage will be drawn from the depot at Tus-
kegee.
By command of Major General Jesup:
R. P. PARROTT, Acting Adj. Genera).
General Jesup commenced his march from Tuskegee, on the
waters of the Tallapoosa river, in Alabama, ana marched
through the wilderness in the direction of Fort Mitchell, on the
Chattahoochee, in the neighborhood of which place General
Scutt was opetating. His headquarters were at Columbus,
Georgia, about ten miles above Fort Mitchell, and on the oppo-
site side of the river.
Under date of the 15th of June, General Jesup commenced a
letter to General Scott, which was not finished before the 16th, at
the "Big Spring," within fourteen miles of Fort Mitchell. In
this letter General Jesup tells General Scott that a detachment
of Indian warriors had captured Nehomico (Enea Mathla) and
his son on the evening of the 15th; that they were then prison-
ers in his camp and that he should move on Mehomico's (Ena •
Mathla's) camp the next day, to wit, the 17th. The concluding
paragraph pf the letter says: "If I should not obtain supplies at
Nehomico's(Enea Mathla's) camp, I shall probably be compel-
led to fall back on Fort Mitchell, or to a position near it."'
On the 17th General Jesup wrote a short note to General
Hea <ujarters Army of the South.
Columbus, (Ga.) June 17,1836.
Sir: I have this moment received your two letters of the ISth
and 17th inst. I am infinitely astonished and distressed to hear
of your near approach, and in a starving eond'tion, to Fort
Mitchell. You knew that your forces were not wanted there.
Scott, in the following words:
"General: I find that'we have less than two days' ratinas, in
addition to two days' rations in the hands of the men. Whether
successful or not against the force of Nelio Enrathla, I shall be
compelled to go to Fort Mitchell. Can you give us provisions
and corn there? By all means do so. I have an Indian force
which will enable you to drive the whole country.
Yours,                                       THOS. 8. JESUP.
General Scott, Columbus."
Up to the writing of this letter, there is not a letter or syllable
tobe found evidencing the slightest want of respect on the part
of General Jesup to his superior in rank, General Scott.
Now, sir, let me call your attention to a letter of General
Scott, in reply to those of the 16th and 17th from General Jesup.
It is in these words:                       s
* I am informed that, through mistake, rhe document I con-
sulted has the name of Nehomico in print, when it should have
been Enea Mathla,
