June, 1840.                                 APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                        717
26th Cowo*-"1st Sbss.
■ad two thirds per cent, on that amount, which will be «190,000 I
on the whole."                                                                                    I
Tie bili passed the House—the authoritative s'yle of t'<e  |
Globe wad not without effect: " Let the gold mil pass" !! spake
the Globe, and it was done.
At the risk of being tedious, let me point von to the shouts of I
triumph that rung from one end of the land to the other.
*      From the Gh.heof June 23, 1834.
" Gott) currency.—It will be aoen, by our Congressional re- i
port, that the gold bill has passed the House of Representatives, I
and gies to the Senate to-day tor their concurrence. The bank i
forces opposed a furious opposition, and foug t, h ke the ancient
ti7/oí í,ú11 the stars appeared in the evening. The great battle
was fought onSaturday, and occupied the whole day. Be it re-
membered that this Saturday was the 21st day of Junejust at '
the summer solstice, when days are longest and hottest. It was
evidently the táctica of the hank leaders, if men can be called
leaders who are themselves both led and driven by the mammon
whom they serve—it was evidently their lactics, first, to stave
off the bill till the next session; next, to befog it in a wilderness
ui mystification; and, finally, to sink the relative value of gold ,
«ml silver to a ratio below 16 to I; which would have defeated
the great end of getting gold into circulation as a national cur-
rency, upon these three tacks, the ultra bankites made fight,
and developed m such force about midday as to show that
time was their great resource, and that their plan was to pío-
traet the struggle into the ensuing week. The friends of gold
then determined upon a permanent sitting til1 the bill was
passed. They renounced all idea of adjourning at the end of
the day, and evinced an invincible determination to sit out the
question. This brought things to an issue, and towards sunset
the triumphant vote was taken, and resulted in an overwhelm-
in  majority for the just and truly American ratio of 16 to I.
We say just, because it is the ratio which will bring gold into
common use, as common currency; and we call it truly Ame-
rican, because all America, from Canada to Cape Horn, will
now have that uniform ratio, and thus bring their whole gold
coinage into concord and harmony, and just as convenient for
circulation as if all was from the same mint.
"The bill goes to the Senate to-day.   The strength of the Bank
in that body excites some little apprehension, but it isimpos-  '¡
tibie to believe   in formidable  opposition there,   after the  ',
victorious vote in the House  of  Representatives;  and   we
feel ready to congratulate the  friends of the country upon
the actual establishment of a gold NATIONAL currency."           |
The apprehensions of the Globe as to the action of the Senate :
were ill founded. The bill became a law; and, to complete the |
golden picture, as drawn by its friends, 1 must be.permitted to I
read one itera more:
From the Globe of July 16, 1834.                            j
"Thj oou> currency.—While every part of America re-  j
joices—while every heart not enslaved to the scrub aristocracy  I
of the paper system—while every independent and patriotic ci-
liien exults in the recovery and restoration of the long lost geld
currency, the West, and all Western ci'izens, hare the deepest
and greatest cause for proud exultation and manly rejoicing, at
this propitious event.   For, of all America, the West is the part
which needed most, and will profit meat from the circulation of
gold. Happily they have but lew banks in the West, and, there-
lore, need gold to carry about and travel upon.   Happily, again,
the greatest supply of gold will go to the West.   The emig. ants
removing to that great region will all carry gold in preference    !
to either silver or paper, for it is lighter than silver, and safer
than paper.   The land offices will become receptacles and re-
servoirs of gold, whence it will be distributed to the country
through the Government disbursements, through the military,   \
the surveying, and the Indian departments; and wo to the officer  ¡
who, having received gold from the Government, shall presume  i.
or dare tooifec paper lo the soldiers or citizens.   Then a great   ,,
«team of gold will flow up the Mississippi from New Orleans,   ', |
and diffuse itself all over the Great West.   Nearly all the gold    |
coinage of the new world will come to the United States; for all    i
the cjinage of the new Governments of Mexico and South Ame-
rica, being the coinage of rebel provinces, cannot go to old
Spain, or to any of her dependencies, and therefore «ill come to
the United States as its natural and best market    This will fill
the West with doubloons and half joes; and in eight or nine
months from this time, every substantial citizen will have a long
silken purse, of fine open net work, through the interstices of
which the yellow gold will shine and glitter.   Tuen travellers
will he free from the pestilence of ragged, filthy, and counterfeit    I
notes.   Every subs antial man, and every substantial man's    j
wife and daughter, will travel upon gold.   The satellites of the   11
Bank alone, to show their servile subjection to their liege mo-   ' '
narch, will repineatthe lossofpaper."                                             ] \
Notwithstanding all these promises, sir, the people see so lit-   |
tie gold, and are likely to see so little for a long time to come,   |
that it may be well to let them know what excellent qualities it
has, as detailed by Mr. Benton:                                                           !
"Qualities of the gold ctmitsNcr.—I. It had an intrinsic !
value. 2. It had a uniformity of value. 3. It was a portable !
currency. 4. It was indestructible. 5. It possesses inherent I
purity. 6. It is superior to all other currency. 7. It is the true j'
regulator and equalizer of exchanges. 8. It was the master of j
paper money. 9. It isthe tiueregulatorof bank issues. 10- It {j
is a «onstitutioatd currency; and, therefore, the people have a I
right to have it, while the Constitution remains, whether they |
can give good reas >na for it or not.                                                     '
"To all which we add, it is the most beautiful currency in
the world; and, therefore, the most agreeable to the eye as  j:
well as the best for the pocket, that the wisdom of man has de-  ¡!
vised."                                                                                                       |¡
In connection with "this subject, I must call your attention  j!
for a moment to the establishment of the branch mints at North
Carolina, Georgia, and Louisiana—one of the most, among the  i
many, palpable instances of the waste of money to be found  i
on our records.   The mint in Philadelphia has the capacity to  ¡',
coin in eagles three hundred millions of dollars annually; but  ¡
tsking the average of coins, silver and gold, large and small, its
capacity is equal to twelve millions, and never have the bullion    '
andold coins that could be obtained been adequate to the sup-    {
ply to that extent.   Yet to help on the humbug, the branch
mints were established at a coBt, for buildings, fixtures, and ap-
pliances, of about 9750,000, and the annual expense of sustain-
ing them is near $50.000.   Tney have been in operation two or
three years, and have coined altogether about half a million.
During the last year, the branch at New Orleans coined about
•23,000; and the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ogle] has
told us that ten cent pieces cost thirty cents each.   Official state-
ments on our tables show that the branch mint in North Caro-
Independent Treasury—Mr. Mien.
lina, in a little more titan a year, coined $84,000 at an expense
of $33.466, or about two-filths of the product.
And yet, m December, 1836, Mr. Bento.i said, in.the Senate
Chamber, in anticipation of the immense results expected from
them, these words:
"After forty years of wandering in the wilderness of paper
money, we have approached the confines of the constitutional
medium. Seventy-five millions of specie in the country, with
the prospect of an annual increase of ten or twelve millions
for the next four years, three branch mints to commence next
spring, and the complete restoration of the gold currency, an-
nounce the success of President Jackson's great measures for
the reform of the cuirency, and vindicate the Constitution from
the libel of having prescribed an impracticable currency."
A prediction proved by the event to be as unfounded as the
style and manner were bombastic.
Sir, nobody will now pretend that the whole scheme has not
failed, miserably failed, as has every other in relation to the
currency undertaken by this Administration. Wheie is the
gold! Who has it, except members of Congress and the office
holders generally! The director of the Mint says the gold law
has not only failed to accomplish its purpose, but has been
positively injurious, and he advises its repeal. That such would
be the result, the "bank forces" in Congress foretold. Any
man, whose powers of vision were not absolutely destroyed by
partisan feeling, must have known that such a radical, arbitrary
effort, in despite of all the laws of trade, to acquire an undue
proportion of gold— undue, I mean, in relation to supply and
demand of the commercial world generally—would prove
abortive or worse than abortive, and especially so when we
look at the condition of things in the United States and in
England.
In the latter, gold constitued the specie circulation, and was
the basis of the paper issues—here gold and silver were both a
legal tender, and the legal basis necessarily of 1 he paper issues
—but practically it was silver, silver being slightly overated,
as the law stood, when contrasted with gold, and hence it was re-
tained in this country. There silver was an article of merchan-
dise—here, it was so with gold; there was gold enough for their
purposes—here wassilver enough for ours.
And yet, as if to ruin the best customer we had for our sta-
ples, in the first place, and ourselves next, and in which we
have succeeded admirably, we undertook, by mad legislation,
to drive the silver from our shores, and draw'from England her
gold, utterly reckless of the consequences. Gold began to move
hither by reason of the artificial value we had given it: this
produced a contraction of the whole circulation of England, de-
preciated thevalueof every thing selling in her markets, re-
sultingin the loss on our next cotton crop of probably twenty-
five millions of dollars, and for which we got no equivalent
whatever, except that a few estimable gentlemen in Wall and
Chestnut streets had, for a time, the supreme felicity of looking
upen the "most beautiful currency in the world."
I have thus, Mr. Chairman, hastily glanced at some of the
financial experiments of the party in power, and I ask if lam
not warranted in opposing ihis, if for no other reason, because
it is another experiment, and ¡to be administered by the same
hands.
For order and regularity, confusion and uncertainty have
succeeded; th6 rewards of industry fluctuate with every breeze;
office holders, brokers and shavers, alone, of all the various
classesof society, have flourished the more the greater the dis-
tresses and sufferings of others. .The grand experiment for
improving the best currency in the world has wound up in the
creation of an irredeemable paper currency in half the States
of the Union—the paralysis of trade—general and intense embar-
rassment of the people, and the entire disgrace of "the, party,"
the country, and the Government.
Sir, it is humiliating, mortiiying, nauseating, to look back
upon our condition as it was ten years ago—to trace our histo-
ry te this time through the wicked, miserable, bungling series
of experiments that have been perpetrated upon a confiding
people, and to see where we now are and are likely to be for a
time to come. True, the Administration and its supporters, in
and out of Congress, tell us the existing state of things is the
best possible one for the country, and they cheer us forwaid by
promising that when we getlabordown to the level of Holland
and Germany, we can manu.acture so cheaply as to monopo-
lize the home market and undersell in foreign ones; but our
fellow citizens who have been accustomed to liberal wages and
the enjoyment of what they deem necessaries, and sometimes
luxuries, see no good reason why they should be reduced to po-
veity that the country may become rich.
An honest but misguided enthusiasm for a gallant old soldier,
eleven years ago, brought a set of men into power who were
entirely unfit to wield it, andobjectionab'e as was the first ge-
neration, succeeding ones have become worse and worse from
that day to this, tillnow tltedestinies of this great country are
in charge of mere pediera in politics—vam pires on the commu-
nity. They have been stumbling, blundering, hobbling along
from one experiment to another, obviously without knowing
what they were about or caring for the consequences—constant-
ly promising and never fulfilling— paying off old promises by
making new ones successively, and promising, too, not only
without the means of paying, 4wt without, as it vould seem,
even the expectation of having; tSem, and ¿his by a set of men
who have the most holy horrotiiur the credit system. Personal
glorification from him who left "this great people properous
and happy" on the 4th of March, '37, down to the humblest tide-
waiter in the most obscure fishing village on the coast—the ad-
vancement of personal interests and of party interests seem to
have been the ruling motives, rather than the welfare of the
Republic—credit might perish and commerce perish, and all
that tenders life desirable might be ground in the dust, so long as
the leaders of the part) could ride on the crest of the wave and
enjoy the 'spoils of victory." Nor, sir, did you sin ignorant-
ly. All the evils under which we now suffer, were predicted
by master spirits in and out of the Capitol, but without effect.
What was prophecy has unfortunately become history; and
now, surrounded by the wrecks yourselves have made, you im-
pudently give the lie to all your former pretensions, and tell the
country you have only to look out tor the Government.
The President himself, enveloped in the ample folds of his of-
ficial cloak, says:
"All communities are apt to look to Government for too
much! Even in our own country, where its powers and duties
are so strictly limited, we are prone to do so, especially at pe-
riods of sudden embarrassment and distress.   But this ought not
to be so!"                              ...       „  , .   „
Sir, I ask if "the powers and duties of this Government are
so strictly limited," why did the "illustrious predecessor" of
H. of Reps.
I Mr. Van Buren interfere with the currency at all—why under-
! take to eive us a better one—why volunteer the offer of a plan
i  of a Bank of the United Sta es, as he did in the veto- message"—
why consign credit and commerce to perdition—why declare
that all who trade on borrowed capital ought to break?   Why
all or any of these? And to what end have all your experiments
tended ostensibly'?   And why, sir, has this icy, freezing declara-
tion of the President been withheld till all your splendid expe-'
,  riments have exploded in miserable failures, involving people
and Government in one common misfortune?
Sir, our present distresses are attributable to bad legislation.
j!  However much we. may have merited the displeasure of Hea-
ven, the Almighty has not seen fit to inflict upon us war, pesu-
■     lence or famine, or any other national calamity; while our peo-
I  pie have been as active and industrious and enterprising as
j! ever, and our soil as prolific.   If the fault be not in the people,
II and ifthecalamities whichoppressushave not beeusentby Hea-
•    ven asscourges for our sins, to what cause other than bad go-
¡'  vernment can they be attributed?   Sir,  1 say in my place now,
hear it who may, its administration has been in the hands of
men either dishonest or incompetent, and th*ir friends may take
I    either horn of the dilemma, as best suits them—they have mis-
carried from ignorance or design, and in either event they de-
¡    serve to be removed.   And yet, sir, strange as it may seem, these
men have the assurance toask the people of this country—bleed'
ing as they are from every pore by reason of their wickedness
í or stupidity—to continue not only their party but themselves
\  distinctly in power.    Why, sir, if the party had any principles
¡  (.other than mercenary ones) these men are certainly not the
persons to cairy out those principles.   If an individual should
manage the concerns of a private association of business men
as the dominant party have managed the affairs of the Ameri-
can people, he would be drummed in disgrace from the visci-
nage.
What is the remedy? Ill, sir, would it become me, a mere
private in the ranks, to point silt a remedy for all our troubles;
but I can tell you it is not to be found in your Sub-Treasury,
with its safes and vaults, its bolts and bars, its bond's and impri-
sonment. Nor, sir, do I think it would be found in a resort to
the State deposite bank system, though this is infinitely prefera-
ble to the other, because the money would be safe, and no dan-
gerous Executive influence could be brought be brought to bear
upon it—if we could not do all the good we desire, it cauld do
:  some, and it could do no harm.
Wo know, sir, that during forty years of our history we had a
!  national bank, and that dur.ne that time we had no such em-
barrassments as now—no ruinous losses by high rates of ex-
change, and no sudden fluctuations in the value of property, with
j    few exceptions, and they easily accounted for.   The troubles
growing out of the anti-commercial measures of Mr. Jefferson
i    in the time of the first bank, and the disorders resulting from the
war and from the absence of a national bank from 1811 to 1817,
and the extraordinary importations for two or three years after
,    the war, with some bad management on the part of the bank it-
■     self in its early convulsive erlorts to "improve the currency,"
immediately after it went into operation; for a time affected the
bank and every thing else in the country.   Order could not at
i    once be brought out of chaos, even had the bank been well con •
|; ducted; and had it been sn, it would have been about  the only
¡I   thing in the countiy that was.
i       My own belief unequivocally is, that sooner or later we must,
I     in sportsman's phrase, take a back track. But gentlemen are
greatly mistaken if they suppose I would at this time, charter a
Bank of the United States: not, however, because I have the
slightest doubt of our constitutional right to do it. When I re-
collect that thirty-two of the thirty-nine framers of the Constitu-
tion, at one time or another, nffi.ially sustained a National
Bank, and that almost one-half of the thirty-nine were in the
Congress of '91 that chartered the first Bank; when I recollect
;   that Washington, and Jeffeison, and Madison, and Monroe, and
i  last, and least on constitutional points, Andrew Jackson himself,
have supported such an institution, and that the Supreme
'    Court, with John Marshall at its head, affirmed its constitu-
,    tionality; and, too, what may have more influence than atl with
some gentlemen about me, when I recollect that the charter of
the late Bank was passed as a Democratic, war-party measure,
against the votes of the Federal party, and that its passage was
esteemed a party triumph, I could not doubt, if so disposed, that
we have rightfully the power to make a third bank.j
But, sir, I would not speak it into existence now if I could; let
the present experiment be tried out; let it be ascertained to a de-
monstration whether a country like this, extending through 18
or 20 degrees of latitude, and twice as many of longitude, with
all the varied productinns incident to such a space, with a po-
pulation active, industrious, and enterprising without parallel,
• and with six and twenty States exercising, and rightfully, too,
I! the power of chartering banks at pleasure; let it, I say, be ascer-
¡I tained beyond all future controversy whether, undersuchcir-
j I cumstances, we can transact our business successfully and hap-
; pily without a bank, or something equivalent.   Whatever else
we mav bequeath to our children, spare them, as we love them,
i the infliction of an age of financial experiments by partisan
!    quacks.   We have suffered almost as much as we can by this
:!  miserable empiricism.   Now let us suffer something more for
i    posterity, that all doubts may be settled, and forever.
II       No, Mr. Chairman, I will not help to lay a single stone in th*
; ■ edifice till all doubt shall be solved. 1 will not contribute my
i j humble aid to build up a target for demagogues and broken
1 down politicians and party hacks to airr. their poisoned arrows
1   at.
I -      But, sir, I insist upon ft, and the people will, as I think, that
you do something to improve their condition, or, more proper-
1    ly, to enable them to do it.   It is one of the attributes of sove-
i    reignty—it isone of the highest obligations imposed by the Con-
1:  stitution, and it was one of the stiongest motives for its forma-
'!  tion—it was what you have professedly been trying to accom-
!■  push for years past, to furnish the country with a sound cur-
'  rency; if it be not done here, it can be done nowhere, and if we
>'  refuse to do it, we shall prove recreant to one of our most im-
portant trusts.   And, sir, it will be done, and done here.   The
people will decree it, and from that there is no appea .   We
may stalk about this Hall in fancied consequence, wielding a
little brief authority, saying what shall be and what shall not be,
but if we set up our will  against that of -the people, we shall
soon find ourselves the weaker party; let them  declare for a
l    National Bank, and there will be one, whether we say yea or
¡  nay    If we refuse to do their bidding, it is one of the easiest
i things imaginable u. put us aside and put otheis in our places.
I We are not the masters, but the servants of those who sent us.
i I do not say a Bank of the United States is the remedy, but it is a
' remedy—perhaps a substitute for that can be found—the end
