April. 1840.
At t ÉÑDlt *0 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!.
719
86th Coyo....~.lBT Skis.
Diplomatic Expenses—Mr. Sallonstall.
H. of Reps.
Mr. Chairman. 1 li ait nut ro.itemplated taking any part in such
deb tee,al h-ui^h my own ■>(- iionsandfeelingson political sub-
jects, ^! ny vie*  in relan >u o he policy of this Administra-
tion, and the nece9si: y ol achine*, if we would resiore the free-
dom and prosperity of the country, are as strong and decided as
thoseof my friends. But, sir, perhaps the bill now before the
committee, as has been observed by my friend from Vermont,
(Mi. Everett,] is as fit an occasion as any other for a broad dis-
cussion upon the state of the Unior.; and I hope that when we
shall all hare discoursed upon whatever political topic we
choose to select, we shall be content to pass from this bill to the
real business of the country—that we shall then take up the ca-
lendar which is periodically laid upon our tables, and which
should remind us that there is a vast amount of business await-
ing our action—that private claimants are imploring relief—and
that the country is looking to us with deep solicitude at this cri-
tical period; for, ear, although the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Duncan] has ridiculed the idea that there is any distress except
among the idli or the profligate, the whole country is suffering
under unprecedented embarrassment. The business of the
country is paralyzed from one extremity of it to the other. Sir,
no one is more seriously impressed with the necessity of action
on the part of this House than I am; but my honorable colleague
[Mr. Parmknter] has chosen to bring me into this debate, and I
shall not shun it. He has presented topics for discussion utterly
foreign to this bill^ or to any question now before the House or
the country, and lit a manner directly personal to myself. I
•hallshrink from none of ihem. He has wandered Irom the
field of discussion, wide as it was before. He has thrown a new
element of discord into this debate. I am not responsible for it.
He has alluded to events long since past, and interesting only as
part of the political history of our country. Pues the gentle-
man suppose ho shall benefit his own party, by proving to this
House that his colleague, many years ago, was associated wit ha
party, some of whose measures he has endeavored to render
odious'!
Why has the gentleman done this? Why has he left the field
of debate, broad as it was, and gone out ofthe way to attack a
colleague on account of his former association with a political
party which has long since existed only in history, or with
measures which have nothing te do with, and should have no in-
fluence upon, any of the questions now before the country? The
course be has taken would have been improper and irrelevant
from any one, more so from him, representing here the same
State with myself. I was surprised at the course taken by the
honorable gentleman. There fiad hitherto been nothing but the
most friendly intercourse between us, and it is not usual to wit-
ness personal controversies between colleagues upon this floor.
It is obviously desirable that there should be maintained among
them unrestrained personal intercourse and mutual confidence,
as questions often arise in which the State they represent has a
peculiar interest. It is important, therefore, that however widely
they may differ in opinion on political subjects, and may be as-
sociated with different political parties, they should cherish
friendly feelings towards etich other.
1 ask, then, what was the gentleman's object? Why has he
attempted to revive party dissensions which had long since
died away; to entertain this House with the history of the
Hartford Convention, and to refer to documents connected with
K which I know not that 1 tiave seen foi more than twenty years?
Did the gentleman suppose lie had made any new discoveries
in his antiquarian researches? Did he expect to produce an
effect in Massachusetts by referring to that event, and to any
relation to it which his colleage may have had? Why, sir, my
own constituents well know that I was many years since a
member of the Legislature, and thatl hadthe honor twenty-five
years ago, soon after I became a member of that body, to be
placed on the committee to whom the Governor's message was
referred, and whj reported in favor of that measure. I have
never dented or sought to conceal that fact. Why, then, did
my colleague go so far back o biiug out this piece of the
history of our State at this time, in this place? Did he ima-
gine he had found an edged tool, with whicli to wound me or
my friends? If that was his purpose, he will find himself mis-
taken. The instrument with which he has made his onset had
Ksedgedulled and blunted long ago. It was long since laid
aside in Massachusetts as wholly powerless. This sort of attack
is old and stale there; it has been stereotyped, and was worn
out many years since. Why, sir, in a leading paper in Boston,
the names of the Delegates to that Convention were paraded in
capitals on every return of the 15th of December for several
years, with a series of hands pointing down to them to render
them more conspicuous. It was a poor and futile effort, con-
ceived and c ntinued in the vain hope of exciting public odium
against such men as George Cabot, James Hillhouse, Harrison
Gray Otis, Roger M. Sherman, William Prescott, and others;
men as high minded, honorable, and patriotic as ever adorned
the annals of any country. But what can stand before the un-
hallowed spirit of party ! The high and unsullied honor, the
exalted public estimation of such men must be attacked or
sacrificed when a party purpose is to be accomplished ¡
The gentleman basan object.   His design is to make politi-
cal capital, (to use a phrase of the day,) by exciting old and
almost forgotten prejudices.   The first part of his speech was
a mere skirmish, intended to prepare the way for the main at-
tack.   After some remarks upon the speech of another col-
league, (Mr. Cushing ) he advanced to the real object of his
speech, which was a studied, regular attack on the old historical,
disbanded, Federal party, which administered the Government
of this country frem 1790 to 1801; a party which has had no
real political existence in any Sta e in the country for more than
twenty; years—in which every man who was of age to vote
while it was in power must now be verging on three senr;
years and ten    And this historical party is in imagination re-
suscitated, and held up as an object of terror to divert attention
from the questions at issue before the public.     We have
witnessed a resurrection of dry bones in this modern valley of
vision; they have sprung bone to their bone«t the breath of
my colleague, sinews have come up upon them, and they
have stood up a mighty army to fight the battles of the Admi-
nistration.
.Sir, what is the gentleman's argument?   It is this.   The old
Federal party and the present Opposition party are the same.
The principles of that party were  unsound; the  paity was
unfriendly to the Constitution—dangerous, treasonable; there-
fore, the Opposition party of the   present  day is the same.
Thati* the syllogism of the gentleman  from Massachusetts!
That is the argument, and all the argument.   Now, I deny the
whole.   I deny the premises, and I ¿eny the conclusion; I de-
ny the facts, and I deny the inference; and 1 will undertake to
do, what I am not bound to do, that is, prove the negative.   I
shall refresh his memory, an/ will refer him and this House to
facts which cannot be denied bv any one at all acquainted
with otfr politic*! history ,«li,d which must convince the House,
whatever may be theenéot on the mind of my colleague, that
this proposition is wholl/groundless.
Mr. Chairman, this ís.ftot the first time we have heard the
word federal and Federalist used in a reproachful sense by
those who know vre]f the power and influence of names.
Whence came a name, uow so misunderstood by some, so mis-
represented by othe^? Does not the gentleman, does not every
one inithis House kflow the origin of that name? If not, let me
refer Ikim to the fifth volume of Marshall's Life of Washington,
or to mat admirable work, by which the editor has entitled
himselfto national gratitude, Sparks's collection of the writ-
ings oPihat injmortal man, the saviour of his country, whose
image ^hereccalmly and sublimely lookine down on this as-
sembly,\uf2ht of itself, at all times, toawethe House into de-
corum. Tltey will there find that the name is just as old as
the Constitution; that those weie called Federalists who were
in favor of the adoption of that instrument, so often and so loud
ly lauded in this Hall as the great charter of our liberty. The
Federalists were those who believed that a more perfect union
ofthe States, under a Government more national in its charac-
ter than the old Confederation—a Government which might
make uniform laws for the regulation of commerce, make and
enforce treaties, and provide for and maintain the common de-
fence, was essential to the prosperity and security of the nation.
These were the Federalists. And ought that name to be a re-
proach? Sir, I thoughtthere were some elementary trulhsin our
political history—that some things were admitted. I thought it
was not necessary to advert to facte so undeniable as these, but
I find that it is. Time has fled on its way; those who first con-
ducted the Government, and those who supported them, are
gone; new parties and combinations of party have arisen. Ano-
ther generation is around us. Federalists! Why, sir, who
made the Constitution?—who first administered it?—who sup-'
ported the first Administration, but Federalists? And yet the
young men of this day are taught to speak of Federalists as a
band of conspirators against the Government!
I need not here go into a histoiy ofthe Federal administra-
tions, though 1 would recommend it to those who never use the
term Federal but with reproach. Sir, it is now admitted by all
honorable, candid, and intelligent men—all but the class of
small politicians—that those Administrations were conducted
by able and patriotic men; men influenced by good motive1* and
upright aims; men of probity and honor; mistaken, it may be,
in some of their views of the Constitution as now generally un-
derstood—for the Constitution was then a new and untried
scheme of government—but still honest in their opinions, friends
of their country, lovers of liberty. Will it be denied, will a
doubt be expressed in this House, that George Washington and
John Adams, and those who were associated with them in the
Administration, their friends and advisers, were uprieht, pure,
patriotic men? How could it be otherwise? Would not the
men who were foremost in the strugile for our independence,
and who made this Constitution, administer the Government,
as they intended and believed, in the strictest conformity to it?
Sir, let me, at the hazard of being misrepresented for party
purposes, call the attention of this House't) what the Federal
party did whi'ein power—to their character, their principles,
as illustrated by their conduct. Let us judge them by their
fruits—let us contemplate them, not as they aie caricatured
in the harangues of demagogues, but as we find them in their
system of foreign and domestic policy, by which this infant
natio.i was conducted with unexampled rapidity in the course
of honor, prosperity, and happiness. Let me refer the com-
mittee to the celebrated letter of Robert G<x>dloe Harper, who
had been a distinguished member of Congress, bearing date
the day after Mr, Jefferson's inauguration, "containing a short
view of the political principles and system of the Federalists,
and of the situation in which they found and left the coun-
try." What were their principles of foreign policy? I read
from that letter:
■'The leading principle of their system, as to foreign nations,
has been to preserve peace and amity with all, by a conduct just
and liberal, and fair towards all; but to giant privileges to none,
and to submit to indignities from none; to rely far the protec-
tion of our rights and honoi, not on the friendship, thejustice,
or the forbearance of other Governments, but on our own
strength and resources, and to employ vigorous means for call-
ing forth those resources, and preparing them for exertior: in
time of need."
The same principles are stated in Washington's farswell ad-
dress, as that system of policy which, in his opinion, was best
suited to ensure the blessings of peace, and the respect of fo-
reign nations. They are those which have been professed by
all succeeding Administration  Regulating its conduct by these
maxims, the first Administration preserved the nation in peace
amidst the most general and most furious war of modern times.
Let gentlemen recollect those two periods, when we weie first
in imminent danger of a war with Great Britain, and then with
France, in both which cases peace was preserved without a sa-
crifice of honor.
In the administration of the Government, one of their cardi-
nal principles was to cherish and protect commerce Various
measures were adopted by them for its encouragement; but
their great, their favorite and efficacious measure for its pro-
tection, as well as for the defence of our country, was the
establishment of a naval force. Need I remind this commit-
tee that the navy was created by them? And what was its
condition when they were superseded? I read from the saine
letter:
"The navy consisted of thirty-nine vessels, of various size
and ferce, mounting upwards of eight hundied and seventy
guns, and manned with upwards of seven thousand seamen and
marines. They had also made considerable progress in the es-
tablishment of navy yards and wharves, and in preparation for
buildingsix 74s."
In what condition did this calumniated parly find the country?
They found it without adollar in the Treasury; without any
permanent revenue; without a system of finance, and burden-
ed with a debt of seventy-six millions! There was (almost
literally) no commerce, no public credit, no mutual confidence,
no uniform laws. All was chaos—every thing wastobe created
or put in order.                                                                   .„
I find, on the authority to which I have referred, that, in 1790,
our shipping amounted only to 450,000 tons, and that, in 1800, it
amounted to 939,000 tons. In 1790 our exportation of foreign
commodities brought into the country for re-exportatión
amounted to less than «2,000,000; in 1800 it exceeded «39,000,000.
In 1790 our exports of our own  produce bar ly  exceeds
814,000,000; in 1800 they amounted to nearly  :}.',000,0fJ0.
1 might go on ami state more at large the situation in which
the Federal Administration found, and in which it left the coun-
try at the end of twelve years: but it cannot be necessary.
The sources of information are obvious to all who really
desire it.
But they passed a sedition and an alien law ! And these
obnoxious acts are to overbalance all their good deeds! Their
general policy, and its great and beneficial results, are to be
forgotten, and they are to be overwhelmed with obloquy oh
account of one or two particular measures! What has any
party of this day to do with those laws? If my colleague ex-
pects me to justify them, he will be disappointed. Part or lot
in them I had not, for I was then but a youth at school. I know
them only as he does—as a matter of history. As such, I
know that there was a difference of opinion concerning them
among the friends of the Administration at the time they were
passed. I know that they were made under peculiar circum
stances, at a very critical period of our public affairs. I con-
sider them as inexpedient, and as extreme in their character;
and, sir, they are now generally, if not universally, thought to
have been founded on an erroneous construction of the Consti-
tution. Whatever may be their true character, no po-
litical party of the present day is responsible for them, or
should be affected by them. But, let me tell the gentleman,
there are measures of this Administration which go beyond
those acts—which show a much greater stretch of power.
But certain principles are attributed to that party, as part of
their polttical creed, which are now generally rejected, at least
in speculation. It is alleged to have been part of their system
to support vigorously the authority of the Federal Government,
and to maintain the Executive power against the superior
strength of the legislative branch of Government. At that early
day, in the very outset of the Constitution, when it was as yet
all theory, it is true that the apprehensions of many were from
the supposed weakness of the Executive. They believed that
there would be a tendency, on the part of Congress, "to en-
croach on the Executive powers, and to direct and control the
President in the exercise of his authority."
But experience has since proved that their fears were not
well founded. I think the course, as well of the late aa of the
present Administration, must have pioved this to the satisfac-
tion of all men. The real danger to liberty menaces us from
the directly opposite direction, and now our most serious ap-
prehension íb from the enctoaching and all engrossing influence
of the Executive. But this experience those who then con-
ducted our public affairs had not had. They were just setting
the machine of Government in motion, and, from contem-
plating the theory of its action, such a fear was natural
eiiouah.
So "much forthe old Federal Administrations. I do not speak
of them as infallible or immaculate, but as having been con-
ducted by a body of honorable, upright, and patriotic men, some
of whom were "men ol consummate ability and wisdom, audi
say that, judging ol them from the results of their conduct, no
man has reason to disavow his connection with that party, or
to consider the name of Federalist as opprobrious. The
name of Federalist opprobrious! And has it come to this?
There stands the fattier ofthe school.* Is it a reproach to
have belonged to the party of which Washington was the
head? a party which was supported by John Jay, John Mar-
shall, Charles C. Pinckney, Oliver Ellsworth? But where shall
I stop? I might go on and point the House to a constellation of
great men, illumining the whole country—men as great, as
good, and as wise, as ever blessed any country on earth.
In 1801, the psople elected other rulers, and the change is
now sung and celebiated as a great civil revolution. A revo-
lution! In what? The men were changed; but was there any
change in the great and leading features of the policy of the
Government? Has not our foreign policy been professedly
guided by the same principles? Are not the Judiciary, the
Treasury, and other Departments of the Government, conduct-
ed essentially on the system as at first established? Has not the
vessel of state been guided by the chart laid down by those who
first directed its course? Mr. Chairman, the Government must
be admimsteredon the great principles established by Wash 
ington, or it must fall to pieces.
Although the Federal party had ceased to conduct the Go-
vernment ofthe United Slates, it continued strong in Massachu-
setts and in other States for several years. Let me now call the.
attention of the committee to the charges of my colleague
against his own State. He has arraigned her before this com-
mittee. He has impeached her character for patriotism and
fidelity to the Constitution and the Union. I know the gentle:
man has attempted to make a distinction between the Govern;
ment and the people of Massachusetts—no such distinction can
be made. But, if he aimed only at the Administration of that
day, he included within his charge as great and as good men as
the country contained—men in whose integrity all parties had
perfect confidence.
Perhaps the gentleman is not aware of the strength of his ex-
pressions.   Here they are, as I took them from hie lips:
"In New England, notwithstanding the whole people of this
country entered into the war for the benefit ofthe Northern
part ofthe country, they did all they could to favor the enemy."
"They took a ground directly against the interests of the coun-
try, and the most powerful dictates of patriotism." "Though
our «eamen were imprisoned in foreign prisons, yet the Fede-
ral party (the Whig party) took part with the enemy.
This is part of what the gentleman has said to this House and
to the whole country, of the conduct of his own State. And I
say, Mr. Chairman, that these acausations are untrue. Neither
the Government nor the people of New England took part with
the enemy. On the contrary, I undertake to say thatMassachu-
setts made as great exe. tions, and in as good faith, to defend the
countiy against the enemy, as any State in the Union. Let us,
Mr Cnaiim ^n, look back to the period of the war. Let us
glance at incidents in our history which have been improperly
Drought befere this committee, but which must now be noticed
in reply to the remarks of my colleague.
It is well known that there was aparty, and a large party, not
only in New England, hut in Congress, and throughout the
country, opposed to the declaration of war, and this on various
grounds The object of the gentleman's speech was to render
that Dartv especially in Massachusetts, odious, and then to
dentify with T the* present Opposition party The op.
position To the war in 18 2 is charged to the Whig party
of 1840.   Right or wrong, the  Opposition then had nothing
' A portrait of Washington is suspended in the hall.
