7*8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
2ÓTK Goto* ••• 1st 8*8*.
Freedom of Elections—Mr. Randolph.
H. of Reps.
towarJ* any of them, with some he had been intimate for
yean—for all, personally, he entertained a high respect; and,
had they come forward in the usual way that ssats in this House
are contestad, it would have been his pride and his pleasure to
hare extended to them, on this door, as he had otherwise, every
courtesy and every facility in his power; bnt when they per-
mitted themselves to be placed in a position to deny the validity
of the proceedings had by the constituted authorities of the New
Jersey, and the efficacy of her laws, it was not to be expected
that he could do any act that might seem to sanction such a
proceeding.
The Constitution (Mr. R. said) had wisely left ;o the States
the power of regulating "the times, places, and manner of
holding elections," as well as that of designating the qualifica-
tions of electora. These, powers covered the wltole subject,
matter of elections from the first nomination until after the
House was organised, and had, in the usual way, executed its
power ofjudging of "the elections, returns, and qualifications
vCits members"—not of persons merely claiming to be such, or
contesting the rights of others, but of such only as were, in fact,
members, in their seats, and so recognised by the House. It
was by virtue of the State laws enacted under this power, that
every return, from that of the smallest precinct to that of the
State Executive, was made. The; State law then being para-
mount, creates the rule by which he returns and the returning
officers of the New Jersey election are to be judged; and whether
those laws be wise or unwise, technical or otherwise, was for
the people ol New Jersey and not for this House to determine.
Toe. Legislature of that State had enacted many provisions to
preserve ¿he purity of the ballot-box and the correctness of the
returns: none but free white male citizens, who had resided
in the country a year and paid tax, were entitled to vote; the
election must be held ata designated time and place in eagh
township, by three persons regularly chosen át town meeting
and qualified, or, in case of a vacancy, by a majority of the legal
votera present, at 10 o'clock on the first day of the election, a
certificate of which must oe filed with the clerk of the county
within three days; and the result of the election in each town-
ship made out in due form under the hands and seals of a judge
and two inspectors (all of whom are, in fact, judges) duly
chosen and qualified, must be filed in the clerk's office by 5
o'clock on Saturday after the election. Frauds (Mr. R. said)
had.been committed, and alien and illegal votes received in
various townships throughout the State; the names of tico
hundred and forty-four illegal volts, cast for the contestants,
had already been ascertained, as he understood from his col-
leagues, and were now in their possession; this was more than
enough to elect all of them. In South Amboy a vacancy occur
red in consequence of one of the judges of election being a can-
didate for the Assembly. The folio wing affidavit will state how
that vacancy was filled:
JtttUe of New Jersey, Middlesex County, ss.
lie it remembered that, on this twenty-second day of October,
in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and thirty-
eight, before me the subscriber, one of the justices of the peace
in and for said county, personally appeared Charles Fish, John
Seward, Thomas Appelget. June Cheney, Thomas Delaney,
Jasper Smith, John Fry, Dana Nichols, Thomas Blydenburgh,
George Jolly, Jacob Burlow, William tiise, John Joily, Gilbert
Disborougb, who, being each duly sworn according to law, on
their oaths say that they were present at the place appointed for
holding the election, and where the same was held, in the
township of South Amboy, in the said county of Middlesex, on
the second Tuesday of October instant, before the hour of ten
o'clock in the forenoon; than when the hour of ten arrived, at
which the poll should be opened for the reception of voters, it
appeared that Clarkson Browne (one of the individuals pre
viously selected for assessor of said township, and therefore
one ol the inspectors of the election) was a candidate for the
General Assembly, and therefore was disqualified for acting as
such inspector; and it being necessary to choose some other
person to rerve in his stead, it was proposed to hold an election
lor the purpose of choosing an inspector in the stead of the
•aid Clarkson Browne; and, after getting the remaining'officers
of the election to proceed to such election, proclamation was
made by Nathanial Hilyer, the Judge of election, to receive
nominations, when fames M. Warns, Vanliew Gordon, and
John B Appelget were nominated: the voters present were
then directed that ail that were for John B. Appelget should go
to the south, and for the other two candidates, one to the east and
the other to the west, and, upon dividing off, it appeared that
John B. Appleget had seventeen votes, and James M. Warne
and Vanliew Gordon had together three votes, and the said
John B. Appelget was accordingly duly elected inspector by a
large majority of the votes of the people present entitled to vote;
out the officer of the election, although repeatedly called on,
refused to announce the result and consider the said John B.
Appelget as elected, but withdrew into the house, and held a
consultation, and withdrew the name of Gordon from being a
candidate, and, after some time had elapsed, put the question
again for the choice of an inspector between Warne and Appel-
get, and at the second running off Appelget bad again a large
majority, but the judge would not announce the result, nor did
he do so until after delaying a long time, and until there arrived
sufficient votes to give Warne a majority, and then declared
that Warne was elected, and held the election before said
Warne as one of the officers of the election, contrary to all
justice and right, when the said John B. Appelget was duly
elected by a large majority.and ought to have been allowed a
seat at the board as one or the inspectors of the said election,
sad further say not.
CHARLES FISH,
JOHN SEWARD,
THOS. APPELGET,
JUNE CHENEY,
THOS. DELANEY, hie x mark.
JASPER SMITH,
JOHN FRY, his ¿mark.
PANA NICHOLS,
THOS. BYLDENBTJRGH,
GEORGE JOLLY,        ^
JACOB BÜRLOW,
WILLIAM GI3E,
JOHN JOLLY,
GILBERT DISBOROUQH.
(Sworn and jfttettiWsd before me, the day and the year «bore
"rt^                                            JACOB. B. GADDIS,
Justice of the Peace.
TtofiM^aiKloeedbjrtbi  affidavit were fully sustained by
the evidence taken on nonce which had been read.    The first
Witness specified the transaction as follows:
State of Hoc Jersey, Middlesex Oounly, ss.
John Seward, a witness produced on the part of the said
John B. Aycrigg, John P. B. Maxwell, William Halsted,
Charles C. Stratton and Thomas Jones York, and being by me
duly cautioned and sworn to tell the truth, the whole truth, and
nothing but the truth, did depose and say that he was present
on the morning of the election held at the House of Clarkson
Browne, in the township of South Amboy, on the ninth day of
October, 1838, before and at the opening of the poll; that Clark-
son Browne, one of the candidates for the Legislature, was at
that time the assessor of the said township of South Amboy; it
was mentioned that, inasmuch as the said Clarkson Browne was
disqualified from acting as one of the inspectors of the election,
it was necessary to choose another person in his place. Pro-
clamation was then made by Nathaniel Hilyer, judge of the
election, that there were three condidatea nominated and that
such persons Who were in favor of James M. Warne should
go to the west; John B. Appelget, to the south; and Jaques Van-
liew Gorden, to the east: they did so; the deponent was satisfied
at that time that John B. Appelget had a large majority over
both the other candidates. John B. Appelget had as many as
seventeen, and the other two candidates together had not more
than eight or nine. Mr. Hilyer, the judge of the election, then
announced that, Appelget had a majority. The people then
dispersed; then, after a delay of fifteen or twenty minutes, the
judge came out on the stoop, and anuonnced that they would then
run James M. Warne and John B. Appelget without Jaques
V.Gordon. The judge then directed that all those who were
in favor of James M. Warne should go in one direction, and
all those in favor of John B. Appelget to go in another direction.
They did so. The judge again then announced that John B.
Appelget had a majority. The judge then reversed their
stations; when a pause ensued, before he announced the re-
sult, for some minutes, during which time a number of persons
came from the mill, and a wagon drove up with voters, which
then gave a majority in favor of Warne. Warne was then
declared by the judge to be elected inspector of the election.
The poll was opened, and they proceeded to lake in votes.
From the time it was first announced that an election would
take place up to the time that Warne wan declared elected,
deponent thinks was about half asNiour. Wr. Warne and Mr.
Gordon belonged to the Administration party, Mr. Appelget
belonged to the Whig party: deponent knows they belonged to
the parties aforesaid, from what he has heard them say.
Deponent was present at the election pretty much all day.
Deponent is acquainted with nearly all the foreigners that reside
in the township of South Amboy; and those with whom he is
acquainted, except three, belong to the Administration party,
and, from what he has heard them say, he has no doubt but
they voted that ticket.                             JOHN SEWARD.
Sworn and subscribed, this 14th day of November, before me.
JOHN PERRINE, Jr.
After the election board had been constituted in the manner
disclosed by the evidence, little attention seems to have been
paid to the qualification of voters, as would appear by the
following affidavits, which were also fully sustained by the
evidence taken on notice:
State of New Jersey, Middlesex County, ss:
Be it remembered that, on this twenty-third day of October, in
the year of out Lord one thousand eight hundred and thirty-
eight, befare me, the subscriber, one of the justices of the peace
in and for said county of Middlesex, John B. Appelget, being
duly sworn on his oath, saith, that he was present during the
elecüon for members of Congress and of the State Legislature
on Tuesday and Wednesday, the ninth and tenth days of Octo-
ber instant, ih the township of South Amboy, county of Middle-
sex, and that he saw twenty persons being aliens vote at said
election. When they presented themselves they were chai-
lenged, and did not produce any thing hut certificates of their
intention to become citizens, and yet the judges of the election
admitted them to vote without producing any evidence of their
being citizens. The names of the persons who thus voted are:
Samuel Whatson, Martin Harney, James McComb, James
Conelogue, Patrick Murphy, Robert Smith, John O'Neal, Fran-
cis Dale, Hugh Canolouge, Barney Malone, Solommn Hustin,
JohnCurley, Peter Bulger, James Casley, James Riley, James
Rourke, Malachi Good, Coley McDunner, John McCorley, and
John Ferguson. And this deponent further says that Hugh
Campbell, a foreigner by birth, presented himself to vote, and
he, this deponent, challenged his vote, and demanded the evi-
dence of his naturalization; but the judges nf the election, not-
withstanding, permitted him to vote without producing either
the certificate of his intention to become a citizen, of the certifi-
cate of his naturalization. And this deponent further says
that he saw and was present when Robert Greenlief presented
himself to vote, and, being challenged, admitted before the
judges that he had only moved his family into the county ol
Middlesex a few days oefore the first day of April last past,
and yet the judges admitted the said Robert Greenlief to vote;
and further saith not.                      JOHN B. APPELGET.
Sworn and subscribed, the day and year first abnve written,
before me.                                       JOHN PERRINE, Jr.
Justice of the Peace.
Stale of New Jersey, Middlesex County, ss:
Be it remembered that, on this twenty-third day of October,
in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and thirty-
eight, before me, the subscriber, one of the justices of the peace
in and for said county of Middlesex, personally appeared Oba-
diah Herbert, who, being duly sworn, on his oath saith that he
was present during the recent election in South Amboy, Middle-
sex county, and saw from fifteen to twenty foreigners vote at said
election; that the judges of the election were informed
by this deponent that the certificate which they pro-
duced, being the certificate of their intention to be-
come citizens, was not the legal certificate of their being
citizens, and did not entitle them to vote, yet the judges admit-
ted them to vote; and that he saw a foreigner vote at said elec-
tion, by permission of the judges, without producing either a
certificate ofhis intention to become, or a certificate of his
being, a citizen of the United States.   And further saith not.
OB'H HERBERT.
Subscribed and sworn to, the day and year first above writ-
ten, before me.                                 JOHN PERRINE, Jr.
Justice of the Peace.
Yet, said Mr. R. notwithstanding these illegal and alien
votes, and the fraudulent manner of choosing the inspector, the
entire vote of South Amboy, aliens and all, would have been
counted, if the return had been accordiug to law. No evidence
of the election of James M. Wauie, as inspector, wa  ever
filed with the Clerk of the county, as the law requ res. The
return came to the Clerk under the hands and seats of two
persons only whom he officially knew to be authorized to hold
the election, and of a third, the evidence of whose power to act
had not been filed according to law. It is idle, sir, to say this
is a technichality, or that a majority may act—th  law declares
otherwise: and it should be borne in mind that that very
minority might be the means of preserving the purity and the
sanctity of the ballot box; and so thought the Legislature; for,
although the act of 1787 authorized the judge and inspectors,
or a majority of them, "to make the return," the act in force
in 1838 requires that the "judge and inspectors" only shall
make the return, leaving off the phrase "or a majority of them."
The Clerk had been informed ot the fraud and illegal votes; and
although he may not have judged of the one, or investigated
the other, yet surely they afforded no reason why he should
receive an illegal return; but, on the contrary, an additional
inducement why the requirements of the law should be looked
to and exacted. To obtain the benefit of legal votes, they must
be legally received and returned; but here the Clerk was cen-
sured because he refused to step over the law, and receive an
illegal return of votes, of which a large number were aliens and
disqualified persons. It really seemed to Mr. R. to be a plain
case, and had it not such an important effect upon the result of
the election, its correctness would never have been questioned.
It had occurred before, as long ago as in 1817, in the case of
Nugent and Stockton vs. field and Pierson, in the New
Jersey Legislature; the latter got their seats upon the same
point; but as on investigation, there was no fraud or illegal votes,
the former were admitted, without any pretence, so far, as he
had ever heard, that the Clerk had done wrong. So well satis-
fied, indeed, where the people of New Jersey with this pro-
vision of the law, that it was suffered to remain with this
settledconstruction, unrepealed, and without amendment, for
more than twenty years. If, under the plea of a technicality,
or the pretence of a hard case, the Clerk may reject or step
over one provi-ion of the statute, he may for the like reason
reject another, orever the whole statute. He would have thus
thrown upon him a discretion as unwise as it would be danger-
ous; and if he could reject any provision of the statute in order
to receive an illegal return of illegal votes, he could do the same
thing to reject the legal return of legal votes, and thus the
result of an election would depend not upon the settled law of
a State, and the will of her citizens, but upon the caprice or
partisan feelings of the Clerks, and in this way would be effected
the very state of things which gentlemen so much deprecate.
No, sir; our only safety, the only stability of free Governments,
must ever depend on a strict adherence to the Constitution and
the laws; far better is it to suffer a temporary evil from the law,
than to admit a principle that must subvert the law itself. It
appeared, by an endorsement on the South Amboy certificate,
hat the Clerk nf Middlesex had rejected the return from that
ttownship on Friday, the 12th of October, and he, (Mr. R.) i.i
passing through New Brunswick on that or the succeeding day,
had been informed thereof, not by the Clerk, for he had no re-
collection of having seen him on thatocoasion, butasa fact then
notorious. This was several days before the result of the elec-
tion was known, and at a time when it was generally believed
that the Administration ticket had succeeded by from three to
five hundred majority. Mr. R. would say one word with re-
gard to the Clerk. He knew him to be an upright and con-
scientious, a high-minded and honorable man; an efficient and
accurate officer, and of that independence in judgment that no
argument, of friend or foe, could have induced him to violate
his duty, or do what he believed to be wrong.
[The House having adjourned atthisstageof the proceedings,
and Mr. Randoit-h having the floor on the following morning,
he rose and stated that as many gentlemen had evinced a desire
en the previous evening to termináis the debate, and as he had
originally been in favor of dispensing with the further discus-
sion of the subject, he would defer his remarks to a future time,
if the question might be taken at once. Mr. Clifford, of
Maine, having objected to that course—]
Mr. R. proceeded and said that the statute of New Jersey
requires that the election officers of each township shall make
out their return or "list," and "sign, certify, seal up, direct, and
transmit [it] to the clerk of the county," "'before five o'clock
in the afternoon," "on Saturday next after the day of election."
By the certificate which has been read from the MiHville offi-
cers, it appears that it was received by the county clerk "on
Saturday, the thirteenth day of October, A. D. 1838, between
thehours of ten and eleven o'clock in the afternoon." It also
appears, from the same paper, that an inspector was elected to
fill a vacancy, the certificate of whose election was not filed
according to law. Either of these defects was sufficient to
invalidate the certificate as a return, and of course as such
it could not and was not received by the clerk. The difference
of only five or six hours in the time of receiving a certificate
might seem a small matter to some; but if honorable gentle-
men would look at the statute and the reason of it, they would
see its importance. Some time must be fixed within which the
return must be made,  r the election could never be cloeedand
the result be known; and if any period is fixed, then that time
is imperative, else it is worse than useless to fix it. Ifyou give
the clerk a discretion to go beyond it an hour or a day, he may
take a week or a month, and become the atbitrary despot he
has been sometimes represented But the statute has placed
this matter beyond controversy by requiring that, after the
clerk has received the returns, he shall "then," at five o'clock,
"in & public manner, [obviously that the public there assem-
bled may be then informed.l proceed to make out his general
list" of the votes ofhis county, "(Ae some" to be transmitted to
the Governor. Of course, all township returns not.then re-
ceived cannot be included in the "general list;" and fhis, said
Mr. R. has been the universal understanding and practice in
New Jersey. Probably not an election has occurred in thirty
years when an express has not been sent from some county
town to expedite the tardy return of a distant township, lest It
should be lost in consequence of not getting in by five o'clock;
and during that whole period scarcely an electoial and con-
gressional election has occurred but some one or all the can-
didates have lost a township, or in some instances several town-
ships, for this very reason. This was the point in the case of
Board and Lyduhtr vs. Colef ax and Vanffouten. In IRS,
three townships in Burlington county were lost; in 1828, one of
the Adams electors tost the votes "fa township because it was
not received in time, though the clerk certified to the error, and
the correction of it; and in 1836 the township of Montgomery
was loet upon the same ground. But the objection to the vote
of MiHville, as well as to that of South Amboy, does not rest
merely on the illegality of the return; if so, there would pro-
