Jan.  1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
7*5
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Clay of Ky.
Senate.
standing in the nation, I shall examine, with the
freedom and candor which become me, as a Senator
of a free and independent State deeply interested in
the question before the Senate, the positions which
tkey have assumed, as satisfactory to their minds,
for the vote against the bill which they have ad-
vertised us they are about to give.
These Senators say that they are unwilling to
vote for this appropriation, as it will add so much
to the national debt, and they are opposed to a na-
tional debt. Let us see how this position tallies
with the course they have heretofore pursued on
this question. I understand that both those Sena-
tors voted for or supported the Cumberland road
bill when there was a national debt of over $150,-
000,000 upon the country, and when it required
immense sums annually to pay the interest on that
debt. It is true the sinking fund was applied to its
gradual extinguishment; still, that fund had to be
raised by the ordinary means of raising reve-
nue. And can those Senators now satisfy them-
selves that they can place their votes on such
grounds? It seems to me that this is an after-
thought, as the fund is already raised, and the mo-
ney will be expended at all events. But it is said
by those Senators that the Treasury is exhausted.
I answered this proposition at large, when replying
to the Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Clay;] and I
will only repeat, that I am unwilling to accept of
this plea to our application. The same cry was
rased last year, and the bill fell—no money in the
Treasury. And so long as the West can be put
off with this plea—so long as they can be tickled
with the idea of obtaining an appropriation when
th re is money m the Treasury that mere is no
other nse for—just so long we shall have the conso-
lation of aiding in filling the Treasury from the
purchase of the public lands, and the equal por-
tion we pay in the shape ef duties, and in return
receiving the answer to our applications, The mo-
ney has all been expended, and we cannot let you
have a dollar. Sir, this is no answer to me. I
ask, I demand, in the name of my State and peo-
ple, to know why it is that we are to be excluded
from the operations of these expenditures? What
has become of the money ? Has it been expended
in objects of paramount national importance to
those we present to the consideration of Congress ?
This argument of an empty Treasury I had heard
from other Senators; but I confess I was not pre-
pared to hear it from the Senator from Kentucky,
or the Senator from New Jersey. Sir, it may do
for the enemies of this work, who are the friends to
expenditure elsewhere, bat it sounds badly in the
mouth of a friend to the Cumberland road. The
tendency of this doctrine is to exclude that great
national work from any participation in the expen-
ditures, aid to encourage other objects, to its total
exclusion now and forever.
Bat, sir, how stands the fact on this point? Have
we not replenished the Treasury by the issue of
Treasury notes to the amount of five millions of
dollars, with the power of reissuing those notes so
as to keep that amount out for the year? Have we
not granted all the supplies called for by the Trea-
sury? Does not the chairman of the Committee
on Finance favor this appropriation? Then, sir, in
point of fact, the Treasury is not empty, as the
Senator supposes. The Senator from Kentucky,
howevei, tells us that he is not in a situation to
vote this appropriation, because, by his vote against
the bill authorizing the issue of Treasury notes, he
denied to the Administration the supplies called for
in aid of the Treasury. I have no doubt but that
the Senator voted conscientiously on that occasion.
So did I. He voted one way and I voted the other,
though, as I said, I would have preferred raising
the money differently; but does not the Senator see
the position in which this doctrine places him? He
voted against the Treasury Note bill. Still the bill was
carried, and has become a law. The notes will be
issued; tbey will be expended. The Senator says
it was an Administration measure. Suppose it to
be so, then the argument is, because the Adminis-
tration have filled the Treasury in a manner ex-
ceptionable to the Senator, he will abandon the
Cumberland road—his own darling child. He will
refuse to vote the appropriation to this cherished
work, although he knows that the money will be
expended on other objects, if it is not on the Cum-
berland road; he, therefore, prefers every other ob-
ject of expenditure that may be selected by the Ad-
ministration, to this great Western work. The
Senator from New Jersey has said that none of the
objects of appropriation within the estimates
can be dispensed with; and, although he set
out with the strongest declaration of friend-
ship for the Cumberland- road, still he is
willing to abandon this work in its dila-
pidated situation, and appropriate the whole reve-
nue of the nation to every object suggested, to its
total exclusion. If those Senators are satisfied
with such positions, I confess these reasons have
operated on their minds very differently from
what they have on mine. We have been told, sir, by
both the Senators that the Administration has not
asked for this appropriation, or they would have
been disposed to have granted it. I confess, sir,
thi« was surpising doctrine to me, coming from
that quarter. I did suppose that those Senators
were the last men in this body, who would yield a
tithe of their own judgment to the request of the
Administration. Did those Senators go for the Sub-
Treasury bill, when it was the request of the Admi-
nistration that Congress should pass it? Sir, I had
sapposed that a recommendation of the Administra-
tion would have very little influence in favor of a
measure in the minds of those Senators. But they
say that they might be chargeable with prodigality
by the Administration and its friends, should they
vote this appropriation, as it was not contained ia
the estimates. I have been heretofore unwilling,
Mr. President, to believe that either of those Sena-
tors could be deterred from doing what he believed
to be right for fear of censure from any quarter,
much less from the Administration and its friends.
I hold that Congress ii an independent branch of
the Government, and while it shall look to the esti-
mates from the proper department for information,
it should act on independent principles. No Exe-
cutive shall ever control, with my consent, the inde-
pendent action of this co-ordinate branch of the Go-
vernment. To be bound, either by the objects or
amounts contained in the estimates, would be to
circumscribe the free and independent action of
Congress, and to make an enure surrender of the
powers of the Legislative into the hands of the Ex-
ecutive Department of the Government. For one,
sir, I can never consent to that surrender. I stand
in this body a representative of an independent
State, and I am resolved to discharge my duty here
to the very best of my abilities, regardless of the
will of the Executive, in a manner that shall give
peace to my own conscience.
The Senator from Kentucky has adverted to the
great expense of this road. He says it costs over
twice as much as the turnpike roads in Kentucky,
and asks how is this. I will tell him, at least in
part. The country through which the Kentucky
roads have been constructed is very different from
the ronte of the Cumberland road. Rock is found
on their lines in abundance, the soil is dry, the
width and dimensions of their roads much less, the
travel is kept off them until they are finished, their
appropriations have been timely made in sums suf-
ficient to insure economy in construction—while
the Cumberland road passes over a flat, alluvial
country, from Columbus to Vandalia, without rock
for considerable distances, and cut up the whole
time by the immense travel that is thrown upon it
in its unfinished state. The appropriations have
been made at so late periods in the season that a
great portion of the sums have been required to
put the road in as good repair as it was the pre-
ceding year. Bat, sir, admitting all the prodigality
and waste of which the Senator complains in the
expenditure of the fund under the compacts, I put
it to those Senators, as lawyers and statesmen, to
say whether it lies in their mouths, as the organs
of this nation, to say that such prodigality has been
committed. The Senators admit that the General
Government was a trustee for the benefit of the
States west of the Ohio to the full extent of the
trust funds reserved by her under the compacts to
make this road, and as she was bound to expend it
in good faith upon the object intended, it does not
lie in the mouth of such a trastee to point to her
own waste of the fund as an excuse for not fulfil-
ling the trust. I have answered this argument be-
fore at large, but as it was put foith by the Senator
from Kentucky in a more imposing aspect, I have
felt called upon to notice it.
I trust, sir, that I have examined the positions of
those Senators, and, to my own mind at least, have
shown the sandy foundation upon which th'y are
based; they are precisely what I have beard from
the enemies of the road, and in (heir m^uth? would
have created neither surprise nor the necessity of
a reply; but coming, as they have, from those to
whom I h!\ve been accustomed to look for friendly
aid and support, I have felt it to be due to the oc-
casion to say what I have said. I part from those
Senators on this subject with deep regret. I have
felt the weight of the opposition to thin great West-
ern work, coming from the usual quarter, as quite
as much as we could bear. I have seen from the
commencement of the session that the battle was
tobe warm and the struggle desperate to defeat us;
but I have met it, I trust, as it became me. I have
bad my forebodings as to the result, even while the
shouts came from the camp of our usual enemy,
but I did hope, if the bill was to fall, it would be
left to its enemies alone to deal the fatal blows. I
did hope to be spared the mortification of seeing it
fall by the hands of its former friends, acting in
concert with its former enemies. The coarse taken
by those Senators may be satisfactory to their own
minds, but they are wholly irreconcileabl* with con-
tinued friendship for this measure. I repeat, I
thank them for their former friendship to our inte-
rest, and part from them now with deep mortifica-
tion and regret. 3ir, let the vote be taken, and if it
is the will of the Senate to defeat the bill, and deny
us the appropriation, we must submit to your
power, but will never admit your justice, or sur-
render our claims until justice is done us.
After some remarks by Mr. YOUNG, of Illinois,
in favor of the bill, the question was taken on the
engrossment by yeas and nays, resulting as follows:
yeas 20, nays 22.
So the bill was rejected.
SPEECH OF MR. CLAY,
OF KENTUCKY,
In Senate, Jam*<vy\20, 1840—On the Sub-Trea-

sury bill.
Mr. CLAY rose and said: I have been desirous,
Mr. President, before \he passage of this bill, not to
make a speech, but to any afiw words about it. I
have come to the SenateMo-diy unaffectedly indis-
posed, from a serious cold, aid am in no condition
to address this body; bu\ I regard this bill as so
pregnant with injurious, aiif dangerous, and dire-
ful consequences that I cannot reconcile it to a
sense of duty to allow it finally to pass without one
last, although unavailing, effort against it. I am
aware that the decree for its passage has gone forth
—a decree of urgency, too, so urgent that a short
postponement ef the consideration of the measure,
to admit of the filling of vacant seats in the Senate
by legislative bodies now in session—seats which
have remained vacant, not by the fault of the
people, but from the inability of those bodies to
agree in the choice of Senators, has been refused
by the vote of the Senate—refused, scornfully re-
fused, although, whether the bill be transmitted
two or three weeks sooner or later to the House of
Representative, owing to its unorganized condition,
and its known habits of business, will not expedite
its passage a single hour! Refused by the con-
currence of Senators who, not representing on
this subject the present sentiments and opinions of
their respective States, seem unwilling to allow the
arrival of those who would fully and fairly repre-
sent them!
It is remarkable sir, that, judging from the vote
on the engrossment of the bill for a third reading,
it is to hurried through the Senate by less than a
majority of the body. And if the two Senators
from Tennessee had clung to their seats with the
same tenacity with which other Senators adhere to
theirs, who have been instructed to vote against
the bill, and are violating their instruction ; and
if the Senate were full, the vacant seats being
filled, as we have every reason to believe they will
be filled, there would be a clear majority against
the passage of the bill.     Thus is this momentous
