7Í8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
48th Cokg......1st Sbss.
Indeptndent Treasury—Mr. Clay of Ky.
Senate.
charter; and that, with all its vast resources and
means, it has been not only unable to act as a re-
gulator of the local banks, but was recently the
first to set the pernicious example of a suspension
of specie payments.
Mr. Presiden', can the dbtinguished Senator be
serious in his description of these attributes of the
Pennsylvania Bank? Sorely he mast have intend-
ed that part of hi* speech for some other theatre.
In the first place, Pennsylvania, besides sundry
other onerous conditions of loans and subscriptions
to objects of internal improvements, levied upon
the present Bank, in the form of bonus, some tour
or five millions of dollar?. Then, the General Go-
vernment has withdrawn from it the seven millions
of stock which it held in the old bank—a circum-
stance which I have no doubt has tended to cripple
its operations. And it is wholly without the depo-
sites of the Government, which the former Bank
possessed. Instead of being an ally, the General
Government has been in the relation of an enemy
to it. And it has had to encounter all the enmity
of a powerful party within the bosom of the Com-
monwealth. So far from assuming the office of a
regulator of the local banks, its late distinguished
president, upon whose authority the Senator relies
for proof of the extent and liberality of its new
charter, expressly declared that it ha<i ceased to be
a general agent, and had retired within the circle of
its State duties. So far from having derived any
strength from its connection with the late Bank of
the United States, there cannot.be a doubt that that
connection rendered it far less efficient than it
would have been, if it bad gone into operation with
an unencumbered capital, freshly subscribed, of
thirty-five millions of dollars.
To guard against all misconception or misrepre-
sentation, I repeat, what I said on a former occa-
sion, that, although I am convinced, thoroughly
convinced, that this country cannot get along well
without a Bank of the Uoitid States, I have no
thought of proposing such a bank, and have no wish
to sec it proposed by any other, until it is demanded
by a clear and undisputed majority oí the people
of the United Slates.
Seeing that a bank of the United States could not
be established, two years ago I expressed my wil-
lingness to make an experiment with the State
banks, rather than resort to this perilous measure.
And now, such are my deep convictions of the fatal
tendency of this project of a Sab-Treasury, that I
would greatly prefer the employment of the agency
of State banks. But whilst 1 should entertain hopes
of their success, I confess that I ihould not be with-
out strong apprehensions of their failure. My be-
lief is, that the State banks will be constantly ex-
posed to disorder and derangement without the co-
operation of a Bank of the United States; and that
our banking system will only be safe and complete
when we shall have both a Bank of the United
Sta'es and State banks.
We are told by the President of the United States,
in his Message at the opening of the session, that a
great moneyed power exists in London that exerts
a powerful influence on this country; that it is the
result of the credit "system; and that evety bank
established in a remote village in this country be-
comes bound to that power by a cord, which it
touches at its pleasure.
There is, sir, some truth in this representation,
and every genuine American must feel it with
shame and regret. It is a melancholy fact that the
arrival of steam vessels in the port of New York
from England is- looked for with more curiosity and
interest, on account of the financial intelligence
which they bear from London and the Bank
of England, than the arrival of the mail from
Congress. Our people have been taugh , by
sad experience, to expect nothing good from
the councils of their own country, and turn
their attention towards the operations in a fo-
reign country. Was this eager inquiry into
the transactions of the Bank of England made
dunmr the existence of the Bank of the United
Slates? No, sir; no, sir. You denounced this
bank;as a monster, and destroyed it; and you have
thrown us into the jawa of a foreign monster which
'we can neither cage nor control. You tore from
as our best shield against the Bank of England,
and now profess to be surprised at the influence
which it exercises upon our interests! We do not
find that the continental nations of Europe that
have National Banks, complain of the influence of
the Bank of England upon them. On the contrary,
the Bank of England has recently been compelled
to apply to the Bank of France for a large sum of
specie to susta n its credit and character.
But, sir, we must look to a higher and much
more potent cause than the operations of any bank,
foreign or domestic, for the lively interest which is
felt in this country in the monetary transactions of
England. In England the credit system, as it is
called, exists in a much more extensive degree than
in this country; and if it were of the natureof that
syttem, as is alleged, to render one country depend-
ent upon another, why should not England be more
dependent upon us than we upon England? The
real cause of our dependence arises out of the un-
favorable ba'ance of our foreign trade. We im-
port too much and export too little. We buy too
much abroad, and make too little at home. If we
would shake off thi3 degrading foreign dependence,
we must produce more or buy less. Increase our
productions in all the variety of forms in which
our industry can be employed; augment the pro-
ducts of the soil, extend our manufactures, give
new stimulus to our tonnage and fishing interests,
sell more than we buy, get out of debt and keep
out of debt to the foreigner, and he will no longer
exert an influence upon our destiny.
And this unfavorable balance of our foreign
trade is wholly independent of, and unconnected
with, the nature of the character of the currency of
the country, whether it be exclusively metallic, or
mixed of paper and the precioas metals. England,
in a great measure, by means of that credit or pa-
per system, now so much denounced, has become
the centre of the commerce, the exchanges, and the
moneyed operations of the world. By the extent,
variety, and perfection of her manufactures, she
kys most nations that admit them freely under con-
tribution to her; and if we had no currency but
specie, we should be just a* much exposed to the
moneyed power of London, or, which is the true
state of the case, to th* effects of an unfavorable
balance of trade, as we now are. We should pro-
bably be more so, because a large portion of the
specie of the country being in the vaults of a few
depositories, it would be easier then to obtain it for
exportation in the operations of commerce, than
now, when it is dispersed among nine hundred or a
thousand banks.
What was our condition during the colonial state,
when, with the exception of small amounts of Go-
vernment paper money, we had no currency but
specie, and no banks? Were we not constantly
and largely in debt to England? Was not our specie
perpetually drained, to obtain supplies of British
goods? Do not you recollect that the subject of the
British debts formed one of those matters which
were embraced in the negotiations and treaty of
peace which terminated the Revolutionary war?
and that it was a topic of angry and pro'racted dis-
cussion long after, until it was finally arranged by
Mr. Jay's treaty of 1794?
Look into the works of Dr. Franklin, in which
there is more practical good sense to be found than
is to be met with in the same compass any where.
He was the agent of Pennsylvania from about the
middle of the last century until the breaking put of
the Revolutionary war, and a part of the time the
agent, also, of (he Colonies of Georgia and Massa-
chusetts. His correspondence shows that the spe-
cie of the Colonies was constantly flowing from
them for the purchase of British goods, insomuch
that the Colonies were left absolutely destitute of a
local currency; and one of the main objects of his
agency was to obtain the sanction of the parent
country to those issues of paper money which the
necessities of Pennsylvania compelled her to make.
The issue was strenuously opposed by the mer-
chants engaged in the American trade, on account
of the difficulty which it created in making collec-
tions and remittances home. So great was that
drain of specie, that we know that Virginia asd
other Colonies were constrained to adopt tobacco
as a substitute for money.
The principal cause, therefore, of the influence
of the moneyed power of London over this country
is to be found in the vast extent of our dealings
with her. The true remedy is to increase our ma-
nufactures and purchase less of hers, and to aug-
ment our exports by all the means in our power,
and to diminish our imports as much as possible.
We must increase onr productions, or economise
much more than we have done. New Jersey, be-
fore the Revolution, being much pressed for
^100,000 sterling, Dr. Franklin proposed a p'an
by which she could, in ons year, make up that
sum. The plan was this: She was in the habit of
importing annually from England merchandise to
the amount of ¿f200,000. He recommended that
the ladies should buy only half the amount of
silks, calicoes, leas, &c. during the year, which
they had been in the habit of consuming; and in
ihi< way, by saving, the colony would make the
required sum of ¿eiOO.OOO. If we would, for a few
years, import only half the amount from England
that we have been in the habit of doing, we should
no longer feel the influence of the London money
power.
Mr. President, gentlemen, in my humble opi-
nion, utterly deceive themselves in supposing that
this measure is demanded by a majority of the peo-
ple of the United States, and in alleging that this ú
proven by the result of elections of the past year.
That there were a vast majority of them opposed to
it, was demonstrated incontestably by previous
elections. The elections of the last year did not in
many, perhaps most instances, turn at all upon the
merits of this measure. In several States, the peo-
ple were deceived by assurances that the Sub-Trea-
sury was at an end, and would be no longer agi>
tated. In others, the people had reason to be dis-
satisfied with the conduct of their banks; and they
were artfully led to believe that this bill would sup-
ply a corrective of the errors of the banking system.
And where they have apparently yielded their as-
sent to the bill, it has been that sort of assent which
the patient yields, whose constitution has been ex-
hausted and destroyed by the experiments of em-
piricism, and who finally consents to take the last
quack medicine offered to him, in the hope of sav-
ing his life. I know the people of the United States
well. They are ever ready cheerfully to submit to
any burden demanded by the interest, the honor, or
the glory of their country. But what people ever
consented to increase their own burdens unnecessa-
rily? The effect of this measure is, by exacting
specie exclusively from the people, and paying it
out to the official corps and the public creditor, to
augment the burdens of the people, and to swell
the emoluments of office. It is an insult to the un-
derstanding and judgment of the enlightened peo-
ple of the United States to assert that they can ap-
prove such a measure.
f No true patriot can contemplate | the course of
the party in power without the most painful and
mortified feelings. They began some years ago
their war on the Bank of the United States. It
was dangerous to liberty; it has failed to fulfil the
purposes of its institution; it did not furnish a
sound currency, although the sun, in all its course,
never shone upon a better; it was, in short, a mon-
ster, which was condemned to death, and it was ex-
ecuted accordingly. During the progress of that
war, the State banks were the constant theme of
praise, in speech and song, of the dominant party.
They were the best institutions in the world, free
from all danger to public liberty, capable of carry-
ing on the exchanges of the country, and of per-
forming the financial duties to Government, and of
sopplying a far bettter currency for the people than
the Bankjof the United Slates. We told you that the
State banks would not do, without the co-operation
of a Bank of the United Stales. We told you that
you find them a weak league—a mere fleet of open
boats tied together by a hickory wiihe, and which
the first storm would disperse and upset. But you
scorned all our warnings, and continued year after
year to puff and praise the operations of these
banks. You had the boldness, in the face of this
abused naiion, to aver that the country had been
supplied by them with a better currency and better
exchanges than it had been by the Bank of the
United States I Well, by your own measures, by
your Treasury Circular, distribution of the surplus,
