rso
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1846.
26th ConG"-«1st Skss.
appropriation Bill—Mr. Proffit.
H. of Reps.
any dare vio'ate hn reeulations, of denouncing tt e
severe penalty of receiving payment "in any ether
mode an-i place which he may deem proper."
Now, sir, between a draft on the receiver general at
S'. Louis and at New York, there will be a diffe
rence at all times of at least two per c;nt. an I at
some periods a much greater difference. Is it fit-
ting—is it in accordance With the genius of free
institutions, with the spirit of a country of laws, to
confide such a power to a mere Secretary of the
Treasury! What a power is it not to reward politi-
cal friends or punish political enemies!
But, sir, I look at the matter of this restriction in
a higher point of view. You cannot maintain it.
Why should you? You have provided all the
means, as you profess to bebeve, of perfect security
for the custody of the public money in these public
depositaries. Why should you require the holder
of a Government draft, often ignorant of the legis-
lation of the Secretary of the Treasury, to present
it for payment by a given day, under a severe pe-
nalty, depending upon his discretion? Will not the
inconvenience to the community, of a precise day
and a short day, for the presentation of the draft be
vastly greater than that of the public in retaining
the money for an indefinite day, until it suits the
holder's convenience to demand payment] And
will you not be tempted to keep posses-ion of the
specie, for the incidental advantages which it af-
fords? Ah! sir; are we to ovetlook the possible
uses to when, in corrupt days of the Republic,
this dormant specie may be applied in ihs crisis of
a political election or the crisis of the existence of
a party in power?
Congress will be called upon, imperatively called
opeo, by the people, to abolish all restrictions
which the Secretary of the Treasury may promul-
gate for the speedy presentation for payment of Go-
vernment draft*. The wants of the people and the
necessity of the country for a paper medium, pos-
sessing a uniform value, and capable of general
circulation, will demand it at jour hands, and you
will be most ready to grant the required boon.
We should regard the system according to its true
and inherent character, and not be deceived by
provisions, inevitably temporary in their nature,
which the policy or the prudence of its authors
may throw around it. The greatest want of this
country, at the present period, in its ctrcalating
medium, is some convertible paper, which, at every
extremity of the Union, will command the confi-
dence of the public, and circulate without deprecia-
tion. Such a paper will be supplied in the form
of these Government draft*.
But if the restriction whieh 1 have been consider-
ing could be enforced and continued, it would not
alter the bank character of this measure. Bank or
no bank is a question not depending upon the du-
ration of time which its issues remain oat, but upon
the office which they perform whilst out. The
notes of the Bank of the United State  of Pennsyl-
vania are not deprived of their character of com-
posing a part of the circulating medium of the
country, although ihey might be returned to the
bank in some ten or twenty days after their issue.
I know that it has been argued, and will bs ar-
gued again, auhat all times since the commencement
of the Government the practice of the Treasury has
been to issue its drafts upon ihe public depositaries;
thai these drafts have not heretofore circulated as
money; and that, if they now do, it is an incident
which attaches no blame to the Government.
But heretofore these drafts were is-ued upon
banks, and the holders of them passed them to their
credit with the binks, or received payment in bank
notes. The habit of the country—and habit is a
great thing—was to use bank notes. Moreover,
there were bank notes of every kind in use—those
which were local and those which w re general in
their credit and circulation. Now, having no Bank
of the United States in existence, there are no bank
notes which maintain the same value, and com-
mand the public confidence, throughout the Union.
You create, therefore, an inexorable necessity for
the use of Government drafts as a medium of gen-
eral circulation, and argue from a state of things
when no such necessity existed!
The protestations of the friends of the bill in this
chamber, the denunciations of its opponents, and
ilie just h iror wUch ihe people ente tain ( f a G-i-
ve-nment bank, may prompt the Secretary ot the
Treasury slowly aid slyly to lift the ve,l wbich
ma'-ks l's true Katures A Government bank may
not suddenly burst upon us, but t/tere it is, embodied
in this bill. And it i- not iho lea^t obj cion to the
measure, that it depend, upon the discretion of a
Secretary of the Treasury to retard or .iccelerate
the commencement ot its op-ration, at his plea-
sure. Let the re-election of Ihe present Chief Ma-
gistrate be secured, and you will soon see the bank
disclosmg its genuine character. But, thanks be to
God, there is a day of reckoning at hand. All the
siens of the times clearly indicate its approach.
And on the 4 h day of March, in the year of onr
Lord 1841, I trust that the long account of the
abuses and corruptions of this Administration, in
which this measure Will be a conspicuous item, will
be finally and forever adjusted.
Mr. President, who is to h ve the absolute con-
trol of this Government bank? We have seen,
within a few years past, a most extraordinary pow-
er asserted and exercised. We have seen, in a
free, representative, Republican Government, the
power claimed by the Execu'ive, and it is now dai-
ly enforced, of dismissing all officers of the Govern-
ment, without any cither cause than a mere differ-
ence oí opinion. No matter what may be the me-
rits of the officer; no mutter how long and how
faithfully he may have served the public; no mat-
ter what sacrifices he may have made; no matter
how incompetent, from age and poverty, he may be
to gain a subsistence for himself and his family; he
is driven out to indigence and want, for no other
reason than that he differs in opinion with the
President on the Sub-Treasury, or some other of
the various experiments upon the prosperity of
this people. But this is not ail. If you call upon
the President to state the reasons which induced
him, ia any particular instance, to exercise this
tremendous power of dismission, wrapping himself
up in all the dignity and arrogance of ro>al majesty,
be refuves to assign any reason whatever, and tells
you that it is his prerogative ! That you have no
right to interrogate him as to the motives which
have prompted him in the exercise of any of his
constitutional powers! Nay, more.: if you apply to
a subordinate—a mere minion of power—to inform
yon why he has dismissed any of his subordinates,
he replies that he will not communicate the grounds
of his action. I have understood that, in more
cases than one, the person acting as Postmaster
General has refused this session to inform mmbers
of Congress of the grounds on which he has di -
missed deputy postmasters. We have witnessed
the application of this power to a Treasurer of the
United States recently, without the pretence of his
failure to discharge the public duties, all of which
he performed with scrupulous exactness honor, and
probity.
And wha', fir, is the consequence of a power so
claimed and so exercised? The first is, that, in a
country of Constitution and Laws, the basis and
the genius of which are that there i«, or should be,
the most perfect responsibil ty on the part of every,
even the highest functionary, here is a vast power,
caly exercised with the most perfect impunity, and
wiihout the possibility of arraigning a guilty Chief
Magistrate. For how can he be impeached or
brought to trial if he will not disclose, and you have
no adtquate means of ascertaining, the grounds on
which he has acted?
The next consequence is, that, as all the officers
of Government, who hold their offices by the te-
nure to which I allude, hold them at the President's
mercy, and without the possibility of finding any
redress if they are dismissed without cause, they
become his pliant creatures, and feel that they are
bound implicitly to obey his will.
Now, sir, put this Government Bank into opera-
tion, and who are to be charged with the adminis-
tration of its operations? The Secretary of the
Treasury, the Treasurer of the United Slates, the
Register and the Comptroller of the Treasury, and
the receivers general, etc. Every one of them
holding his office at the pleasure and mercy of the
President—every one of them, perhaps, depending
for his bread upon the «ill of the President—every
one of them taught, by sad experience, to know that
his safest course is tu mould hi-, opinions and shape
h"> conduct so as to pit a^e the President—every
one of them knowing nerftctly that, if dismissed,
he is without the pos-ibiht) of any remedy or re-
dress whatever. In such a deplorable state of
things, this Government Bank will be the mere
bank of the Pitsident of th- United State-. He will
be its President, Cashier, and Teller. Yes,sir,
this complete subjection of all the subordinate offi-
cers ot the Government to the will of the President,
will make him sole Director, Pre-ident, Cashier,
and Teller of this Government Bank. The so much
dreaded union of the purse and the sword will at
last be consummated; and the usurpation by which
the public deposi'es in 1837 were removed, by the
advancement of the one and the removal of ano-
ther Secretary of the Treasury, will not only be
finally legalized ?nd sanctioned, but the enormity
of ihe danger of that precedent will be transcended
by a deliberate act of the Congress of the United
States!
Mr. President, for ten long yrars we have been
warring against the alarming growth of Execuive
power; but, alhjueh we have been occa.ionally
cheered, it has been constantly advencing and
ne.'tr receding. You may talk as you please
about bank expansions. There has been no per-
nicious expansion in ihisc< un ry h!-,e that of Execu-
tive powet; and, unlike the operations of bank*,
this power never has any periods of contraction.
You may denounce as )ou please the usurpations
ofCrngress. There has been no usurpation but
that of the Executive, which has been both of the
powers of otner co-ordinate departmen's of this
Governmenrand upon the Sta'es. Tnere scarcely
remains any power m this Government but that of
the President. Ha suggest?, originates, controls,
checks every thing. The insatiable spirit of the
Stuarts, for power and prerogaiive, was brought
upon our American throne on the 4th of March,
1829. It came under all the usual fa'se and hypo-
critical pretences and disguises of love of the peo-
ple, desire of reform, and diffidence of power. The
Scotch dynasty still continues. We have had
Charles the Firs', and now have Charles the Se-
cond. But I again thank God that our deliverance
is not distant; and that, on the 4th of March, 1841,
a great and glorious revolution, without blood and
wiihout convulsion, will fee achieved.
■
SPEECH OF MR. PROFFIT,
OF INDIANA,
1% the House of Representatives, April 27,1840—Oh
the General Appropriation Bill.
Mr. Chairman: It is now, I believe, about four
weeks since the House resolved itself into a Com-
mittee of the Whole upon this bill; and during all
that time, day after day, and night after night, I
have been a silent but attentive looker on in this
unrivalled scene of contention. The first two days
of the discussion convinced me, sir, that we of the
Opposition could proiaose no amendment, use no
argument, which wffuld m the slightest degree af-
fect the determinaron of the majority to pass the
bill in the form reported by the Committee of Ways
and Meanstv It «squired no stretch of intellect to
perceive thltthealbrder had gone forth to vote down
every propcpitidL of the minority, and, sir, up to
this hour, thai order has been most implicitly
obeyed. It ¡comports not with my taste to describe
the tumult, ihi legislative depravity, the utter reck-
lessness, whiojn I have here v, itnes ed. It has been
but a conciliation of the disgraceful scene with
which our (fating opened; and it is now lamentably
palpable thMa Congiess which commenced in rev-
olution, ri|i and anarchy, must terminate in dis-
order and disgrace. Nothing beneficial to the people
need be expected; for this Hall, which was intended
for deliberation, for discussion, for legislative ac-
tion, is converted into a mere arena for the display
of the gladiatorial feeling of party. With every
feeling of my heart, I respond to the language of
my honorable friend from Virginia (Mr. Borre)
when, on a former occasion, he said, " I wish to,
God, from my very heart and soul, that our con-
stituents, especially such of them as are friendly to
this Administration, were thronging our galleries.
Yes, sir, they would soon see who it is that has
daused Congress to become a byword and a reproach.
Who, six, is accountable for these scenes, and for
