July, i$40-
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7S5
26th Cohg....Ist Sesb.
District Banks—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
"4. That if the duties of said naval officer, as
authorized and directed by existing laws, had been
executed with proper care and vigilance, they
would have rendered it impracticable lor any fraud
or error in any of the accounts of the collector of
said port to escape immediate detection.
" 5. That the culpable disregard of the plain re-
quirements of law and of Treasury instructions
prescribing the duties of naval officers, by said
naval officer, and his continued neglect of official
duty, are a primary cause of the immense defalca-
tions of the late collector at New York."
Here, sir, is a charge made against this officer
by the gentleman from "Virginia. Where, sir, is
this same Enos T. Throop 1 "Has he been dismiss-
ed from the service of the country 1 No, sir!
This man, who was proved to be incompetent to
actas "nava! officer," instead of being immediately
discharged, as he would have been bv *oy honest
Executive, has been sent as Ch 'gé to Naples.
Unfit to discharge the dutv of a subordinate in a
custom-house, he is fully "qualified to serve as a
minister of this grear nation at a foreign court.
And the gentleman irom Virginia, who so recently
demanded his dismissal, lauds the Executive, and
rows that this is a most virtuous and pure Admin-
istration, and tauntingly sneers at us as a fault-
finding Opposition.
Again, sir, on page 105, the Committee of Inves-
tigation, after citiug repeated instances of neglect
in the Solicitor oí the Treasury to discharge his
duty, report:
" 1st That William M. Price, as district attor-
ney, is a defaulter to the Government in a large
amount.
•'2d. That his defalcations are attributable to
the notorious irresponsibility and want of charac-
ter of said Price at the periods of his appointment
and reappointment, and during his entire terms of
office; and to the continued neglect of the proper and
efficient discharge of duties at the office of the Solici-
tor of the Treasury, by the late and present incum-
bents of that office."
Again, I ask the gentleman from Virginia has
this officer been dismissed from the service of the
State 1 Has the Executive discharged that duty,
which the gentleman deemed so imperative when
he signed his reportl No, sir. This man who
neglected his duty, violated his oath of office, and
permitted an immense defalcation, has been sent as
Charge d'Aflairés to Belgium ! Neglect of duty is
bow the sure road to preferment. Let a man man-
ifest palpable incompetency as Solicitor.of the
Treasury, and he is immediately made a foreign
minister. I, sir, will not attempt to express my as-
tonishment at the course pursued by the gentleman
/ from Virginia. He proves that Mr. Van Buren
has violated every trust reposed in him by the peo-
ple, no: only by continuing unfaithful men in of-
fice, bat by promoting them for their misconduct.
He then, niost unexpectedly, becomes his champion
and eulogist, and petulantly complains that we are
over nice in our demands for correct Government.
Page 140, the gentleman is loud in his denuncia-
tions of Mr. Hoyt, collector at New York; thinks
his conduct unjustifiable; and yet. sir, Mr. Hoyt is
still collector; and the gentleman now preaches to
uz passive obedience. Page 70, we find the commit-
tee saying that,
"From the preceding evidence the committee
report the following fact as established:
" That the late Comptroller of the Treasury,
George Wolf, Esq., now collector of the port of
Philadelphia, was guilty, while in said office of
Comptroller, of culpable disregard of law and ne-
glect of diity, both in regard to the bonds of col-
lectors filed in his office, and the records thereof
ieqnired by law; and in settling and certifying to
the register the accounts of Samuel Swartwout,
late collector, without having transmitted to him
the vouchers therefore required by positive injunc-
tion of law."
I will tread lightly here, sir.   This officer is now
no more.   But, sir, after this downright charge of
"culpable disregard of law," made by the gentle-*
man from Virginia, this officer, who had neglected
his duty and violated all law, was appointed col-
lectcr-of customs at Philadelphia. Unfit to be Comp-
troller, he was fully qualified to superintend some
.  hundreds of officers, and to receive millions of the
" public money annually.
„ Page 41.   The First Auditor is denounced as
negligent aad incompetent   Yet now, not a word
of complaint from the gentleman from Virginia;
and all this "criminal neglect and official negli-
gence," which in 1839 appeared to the gentleman
so unjustifiable, so monstrous, is, in 1840, quite in-
nocent, very excusable, and entirely unworthy of
serious consideration. This is, indeed, a change
of opinion. Last year, to denounce the Adminis-
tration, sub-Treasury and all; this year, to support
it warmly, and its darling sub-Treasury too. I
know, sir, that with some politicians it becomes ne-
cessary to alter their opinions; and this change of
the gentleman recaJIs to my recollection a passage
I once read a  one of Bulwer's works, in which the
politic courtier findu.it necessary to change his opin-
ions in order to keep pace vita the shitting p^itcy
of the Court.
'"Well! I have decided on my change of life,'
said the lawyer, with a slight sigh.
':' So have I on my change of opinion,' chimed in
the Earl. 'I will tell you what opinions seem to
me like'—
" ' WhatT said Brandon.
"'Trees!'answered Mauleverer, quaintly. 'If
they can be made serviceable by standing, don't part
with a stick; but when they are of that growth that
sells well, or whenever they shut out afoie prospect,
cut them down and pack tliem off by all manner of
means.'"
I, Mr. Chairman, shall not inquire as to the causes
which led the gentleman from Virginia to this sud-
den, startling, and mysterious change in his politi-
cal opinions. I am not even inquisitive or interest-
ed enough to inquire whether his former opinions
shut out a fine prospect. It is sufficient for me to
know that he has cut them all down. The reason
is with himself. But, sir, he will excuse me when
I say that I think it in bad taste for him to criticise
too narrowly the ground we iread, when he so re-
cently taught us that it was our duty to walk it fear-
lessly, as being' the path of rectitude and honor.
When the gentleman shall favor us with a clew to
the labyrinth, the mazes of which he is threading,
and shall give us something like convincing proof
that he pursues its tortuous windings, not from per-
sonal aggrandizement or ambitious aspirations, then,
sir, we may again, with indulgent eye, look upon
his course. Until then, sir, the gentleman must ex-
cuse us if we look suspiciously on his advice, and
distrustingly upon the position he has assumed. I
will, Mr. Chairman, give one other extract from
the report of the committee of which the gentleman
was a zealous member, and then leave it to the gen-
tleman to reconcile the opinions then expressed with
his present course.
" But the important results which have been at-
tained, notwithstanding the disadvantages adverted
to, cannot fail to inspire the country with a confi-
dent hope that the high obligation which will rest
upon the successors of trie present Congress in the
legislative councils of the nation, to resume-and
complete the great work of investigation and reform
of the alarming condition and abuses of the Execu-
tive Departmentsof the Government, from the high-
est to the lowest, and from the nearest to the remo-
test functionaries, will secure the prompt and effi-
cient attention which its magnitude demands.
" Guided solely by the character of the develop-
ments which the investigation imposed upon them
by the House has elicited, the committee cannot
resist the conviction, that at no period in the history
of the Federal Government has there been deeper
or better founded cause than exists at the present
moment for every patriot heart to desire a prompt
consummation of that signal 'task of reform' tohich
public sentiment, many years since, inscribed on the
list of Executive duties in characters too legible to be
overlooked, requiring, ' particularly, the correction
of those abuses that have brought the patronage of
the Federal Government into conflict with the free-
domof elections, and the counteraction of those causes
whieh have disturbed the rightful course of appoint-
ment, and have placed or continued power in unfaith-
F17I, OR INCOMPETENT HANDS.' "
We here read of the obligation which rests upon
this Congress "to resume and complete the great work
of investigation, reform of the alarming condition
and abuses of the Executive Departments of the Gov-
ernment," and yet, sir,, the gentleman has not only
neglected to "resume and complete" the work he
commenced, but has joined the party which permit-
ted and countenanced these abuses, and now refuses
to grant'investigation. We also read, "that at no
period in the history of the Federal Government" has
there existed so much necessity for every patriot
heart to rally to the rescue of the country; and yet,
sir, the gentleman, instead of fighting under our glo-
rious and bright banner of reform, has rallied un-
der the black piratical flag of Van Burenism. Sir,
said Kir. Proffit, I take no pleasure in criticising
the course of any gentleman; I know the fallibili-
ty of human nature. I regret being compelled to
show to my fellow-citizens the corruptions of their
Government. I regret that this corruption exists.
I am sorry that the necessity is forced upon me to
take any thing like a prominent position in denoun-
cing the conduct of the Administration. I kaow
that a faithful discharge of duty wjU^raw down
the execrations and base caju^ nt5s of the Admin-
istration r^esaes==-o i---inolíves will be impugned;
public course misrepresented; private character as-
sailed ; " life's life lied away." But, sir, I, for one,
will pursue my course with the same defying spirit
which animated the poet when he exclaimed—
" As little as the moon stops for the baying
Of wolves, will the brieht mose withdraw one ray
From out her skies.    Then howl your idle wrath!
While she still silvers o'er your gloomy path."
[Mr. Proffit then proceeded to defend General
Harrison from the charges and insinuations made
against him by Mr. Hopkins, both in his speech and
in his letter to Colonel Piper. Mr. P. read extracts
from the speeches of General Harrison when in
Congress, from his published letters. He referred
to his votes to disprove the statements of Mr. Hop-
kins. This part of Mr. P.'s speech will be publish-
ed at some future day.]
BANKS OF THE DISTRICT.
./a
REMARKS OF MR*. BUCHANAN,
OF PENNSYLVANIA.              /
In Sena'e,July 16, 1840— In ft>vor of the/passage
of the bill ''io eontinue the corporate «existence
of certain banks in ihe District ot Colulnbia."
Mr. BUCHANAN said he haaVhopedf yesterday
that he should not feel himself oblige agiin to ad-
dress the Senate in relation to these District ^anks.
He would not now u'ier one word upon the subject
if it were not palpable that this bill to continue the
corporate existence of these banks, after having yes-
terday been engrossed by a triumphant majority,
was destined to-day to be defeated on its final pas-
sage. This waj to be accomplished by a union of
the two extremes. The enemies of a speedy re-
sumption of specie payments would combine in
their votes wi'h the iriendá of an exclusive hard
money currency; ?,nd we, who are in favor of mo-
derate measures, must certainly bo in the minority.
For my own part, said Mr. B. Í never considered
this as a question involving any great general prin-
ciples. I was, therefore, entirely willing, as njy
vo:es * ü! show, to continue the existence of these
banks for a short period, ancf until we could esta-
blish r. new bank or banks for the District upon
any íea'onable terms. Senators have, I think
unju-ty, treated this question as if it were a pro-
position toexienl these charters during a conside-
rable period of time, when it is nodvng more than a
mere temporary measure, justified by the existing
peculiar circumstances of the District. These
banks, as banking institutions, are already dead.
Ttieir charters all expired on the 4th day. of July;
and Congress have already passed a liw pámding
for the manner in which they shall wind op their
affairs.
No ', sir, what is the bill before us? We pro-
pose to continue their banking privi'eges until the
4th July,1841,and no longer;—immediately, in favor
of litóse which have already commenced the pay-
ment of specie, and at any time within sixty days 
in favor of the remainder of them, if they shall re-;
sume within that period. These banks, under the
present bill, can entertain no hope that their char-
ters will ever again be extended. Ttat present
Congress will expire on the 4ih day of March next,
and their banking privileges will expire on tha
4th day of July iollowing, whenGongress will not
be in eession, This.^wiil be the la>t limit of their
existence; and from and after that day they must
commence wining up their affairs under the act
whi?h we have already parsed.
Is addition to ¡his, the bill res'ric!s them during
this short period, from paying out any notes except
their own; renders the president, director?, and
stockholders, fiable to the amount of their stock for
debts hereafter contracted; and prohibits them from.
