r
July, 1840.
APMSBUtX ÍO THE COtfGttESSIONAt GtOfiE.
787
26th CoxG""1st Sess.
District Banks—Air. Buchanan.
Senate.
we desire to extend your charters, yet it is better
that you should be destroyed attoge.her, as banking
institutions, than to grant you the dangerous per-
mission to resume spec e payments whilst the sur-
rounding Sutes, and one half of the banks in this
Stat , still continue suspended. Should you pay
your debts in gold and silver, as the Constitution
and the laws require you to do, you will entail
misery and distress both upon yourselves and the
people. Are not the two cases precisely parallel?
The distinguished honor has been reserved for Con.
gress of refusing to the banks the permission which
ther ask to resume specie payments.
I bad always supposed that one of the greatest
calamities which could be inflicted upon the peo-
ple of any country, was that of being cursed with
floods of irredeemable paper, banishing gold and
silver altogether from circulation. This has never
been jastified by statesmen or politicians, except
on the ground of absolute, uncontrollable, irresisti-
ble necessity. But here no such necessity exists,
because three of these banks have not only already
resumed the payment of specie, but have declared
to the world their willingness and their ability to
continue to redeem their notes in gold and silver;
and it is evident that the two banks in Alexandria
will resume before the end of sixty days, should the
present bill pass.
What is the true canse of this extraordinary
proceeding? I think there will not be much diffi
ealty in conjecturing. It is an attempt (and I mean
neither to charge nor insinuate any thing improper
against the Senator from Maryland) to carry the
principle into practice here which produced the
present suspension of specie payments throngheut
a large portion of the UnioD. It is an attempt to
play the game over again apon a small scale,
which was played upon a large scale in favor of
the Bank of the United States. In order to save
mat Bank from immediate bankruptcy and rain,
the people of this country have been compelled to
submit to a suspension of specie payments ever
since October. The strong bank* voluntarily re-
duced themselves to the same level wi.h the Bank
of the United States; and they suspended simply be-
eaose ihit Bank could no longer continue to pay
specie.
At the commencement of the suspension under
which we are now suffering, there was no foreign
demand for gold and silver. The rates of foreign
exchange weie not against us. There was no dra*n
of specie from this country to Europe. Every
thing in the State of Pennsylvania was calm as a
sammer's morning; and the suspension surprised us
as much as a clap of thunder from a cloudless sky.
At the meeting of the banks in Philadelphia,
nine voted against the suspension, whilst five ooly,
including the Bank of the United States, voted in
its favor. In the face of this vjte, that Bank sus-
pended on the next morning, and in order to save
it from immediate ruin, all the other banks fol-
lowed its example, and were willing to share its
fate.
The Bank of the United States, instead of pre-
paring for a speedy resumption, by contracting its
issue , took advantage of the suspension, for the
purpose of expanding them. The Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Benton] has informed us that it
sent its agents throughout the West loaded with its
irredeemable notes, for (he purpose of capturing
the specie with them. Such wasits miserable con-
dition, that it was compelled to obtain specie in this
manner to send abroad for the pi rp se of paying
its foreign deb's. The notes of this tfank became
the chief medium of circulation in Philadelphia and
throughout many portions of the country. The
ether Philadelphia banks, after having su pended
to save if from bank: uptcy, could not disci edit its
notes by refusing to receive them on deposite, and
in payment of debts. In this manner it soon be.
came so largely indebted to them, that, although
they were not under the necessity of suspending
rpecie payments at the first, they were soon reduced
to such a condition that they could not have re-
sumed had this been their desire. The Bank of
the United States, by the process which I havejust
described, bad redtjtfed them to its own level, and
placed them in such a situation that they could not
mame until it should be «hie to pay the balances
which it owed them in specie.   Thus the country
suffered and the bank was saved.
Now how does this statement of facts apply to
the present case? Theie is but one bank in t' is
District which is opposed to the passage of the pre-
sent bill; and I do not intend to make any insinua-
tion against its eventual solvency. Par from it.
It has expanded its issues to. snch an extent that,
unlike the other five banks of the District, it is un-
able at the present time to resume the payment of
its liabilities in specie. I cannot ascertain to what
extent it has expanded, because we have no recent
return of its condition before us; but so far as my
information and observation have extended, its
notes constitute a very large portion of the circula-
tion in this District. In that respect it bears a
close resemblance to the Bank ot the United States
< in Philadelphia. In my opinion, it is to save the
character and credit of the Bank of Washington
that the other banks will be refused the power of
accepting a charter on the condition of resumption;
just as it was to save the Bank ot the United States
from immediate bankruptcy that the other banks of
Philadelphia consented to combine with it in sus-
pending specie payments. The interest of the
country was disregarded in order that this Bank
might be preserved.
It is this spirit of combination among the banks
which is one of the worst evils of our present very
. imperfect banking system.     The object of these
,  combinations is never to elevate the weak banks to
'  the level of the strong, but always to reduce the
i  strong to the level of the weak.   This evil can only
!  be corree'ed by an instantaneous, absolute, and ir-
i  reversible forfeiture of  the charter of any and
j  every bank which shall hereafter suspend specie
i  payments;   and by placing them at once in the
hands of commissioners for the purpose of wind-
ing up their affairs.   The instinct of self preserva
fion will then counteract this spirit of combination,
and prevent the strong banks from suspending
specie payments in order to accommodate the weak.
The other advantages which would  follow the
adoption of such a provision, I shall not now un-
dertake to enumerate.
Congress have now presented to them, by a
strange concurrence of circumstances, a most fa-
vorable opportunity ofextre sin? their opinion em-
phatically upon the subject of ihese combinations.
By passing this bill, we can now offer to all these
banks an extension of their charters, upon condi-
tion, that they shall resume specie payments at any
timé within sixty days. Three of ihem certainly,
and two of them probably, will accept these terms.
Ought we, then, to be deterred from granting this
charier by an apprehension that the Bank of Wa*h-
ington may not be able to comKly with its terms?
I hope it may be; but if it shoul 1 not, it would te
flagrant injustice to punish those banks which have
conducted their business wisely and prudently, by
refusing to grant them a charter, simply because
one other bank has placed it out of its own power
to embrace the provisions of the bill. Thu=, to
save the Bank of Washing'on, the people of this
District will be doomed to a protracted suspens'on
of specie payments, just as the people of the Mid-
dle, Southern, and Western States have been
doomed to suffer the evils of suspension, to save
the Bank cf the United States frcm destruction.
But the Senator from Maryland is not willing to
trust the banks themselves with this dingerous pre-
rogative of paying their debts to the community on
demand, according td the term of their contracts.
To permit the banks to resume wonld, he contend ,
compel them to oppress their debtors. Now let ns
examine this objection, and a: certain whether there
is any force in it. And first, let us suppose .that it
should compel them, in some degree, to bear hard
upon their debtors, (which I do not be.ieve,) would
(his be a good reason for preventing these banks
from redeeming their notes in specie? The banks
exercise the sovereign- power of issuing paper mo-
sey; and this paper money is almost the only cur-
rency in use among the people. No man in any
kiad of business can refuse to receive it. It is
forced upon him by the circumstances of the coun-
try; and be must accept it, whether he will or not
Besides, this privilege of issuing papir money js a
source of great profit to the banks. Now if ther«
be a conflict of interests between the noteholders
and the debtors of these banks, which of these taro
classes is entitled to our most favorable regard?
The noteholders are by far the most numerous.
They have been compelled to receive these bank
notes as money, in the course of their business*.
They derive no profit from the banks. The depre-
ciation of the notes which they held at the time of
suspension was a dead loss to them. On the other
hand, the debtors of the banks have received ac-
commodations from them, which have enabled them
to do a piofitable business, or to embark in profit-
able speculations. Many of them are stockholders
in these very banks. Under such circumstances, I
would go for the community who hold the bank
notes rather than for the men who have received
bank favors. I should compel the banks to redeem
the currency which they have put in circulation,
even if it should force them to exercise some de-
gree of severity in the collection of their debts.
But I emphatically say that the resumption of
specie payments, under the provisions of this bill,
would not compel the banks who are willing to ac-
cept its terms, to oppress their debtors.
And, in the first place, all the deposites which
they have received- in any bank paper except their
own, since the date of the suspension, have been
accepted by them under a special agreement that
these deposites should be paid in similar bank paper.
The present bill recognises this agreement; and thus
the whole amount which they have received on de-
posite in irredeemable paper is at once wiped
away, without the payment of a single dollar in
gold or silver. Tnus their whole deposites—and
these are generally ths heaviest item of bank liabi-
lities—will give them no trouble. They will not be
compelled to oppress their debtors for the parpóse
of paying their depositors.
Then, in regard to their bank notes now in circula-
tion. These banks have already enj iyed the bene-
fit of a nine months ' suspension. Some of them
have been curtailing their issues, and contracting
their busines?, and thus preparing for reiumption.
Three of them, at least, can pay specie for all their
notes in circulation, even should the who'e amount
be demanded, which is i ot probable, and have a
large surplus of gold and silver left on which to
transact bu.nne.ss. The most which can be said is,
that they may not probably be able to grant many
new accommodaions to the pubic. Most cer-
tainly they will not be eompelled to oppress their
debtors fot the purpose of raising specie to pay their
noteholders. Bi sides, when "we consider those
debtors are ¡n a great degree iheir own directors
and stockholders, we need not fear that they will
be oppressed without necessity.
But let me ask the Senator another question.
Will there be any-run made upon these banks by
their noteholders after they shall have resumed
specie payments? Dees not every person perceive
that the moment these notes are raised to the spe-
cie standard, and public confidtnee in the ability
of ihe b inks to redeem them is restored, all broke*
rage upon them will ceast? Who bays the notes
of the specie paying banks of New York? Make
bank notes equivalent 10 specie in the public esti-
mation, and t!:e noteholder, unless for purposes of
change, will never ask gold and silver from the
bank*. After he has tested their ability and wil-
lingness to pay, and has leaded himself with the
silver received m exchange for the notes, he will
be veTy glad to tike the weight fr< m his back, and
re exchange it for th'se very bank notes. This
feeling is btrongly illu tratedby an anecdote which
I heard from an officer of one of these banks. He
told me that, since they hid reáumed, an indivi-
dual had entered the bank ancj. demanded specie
for several hundred dollars of their notes. There
notes were promp ly redeemed in silver. The man
was thus satisfied that the notes were as good as
the specie, and before he left the bank, he volun-
tarily returned the sihrer, and asked and received
in exchange Tor it the very noles which he had
brought to the Bank.
There will  therefore, be no conflict of interest
whatever between the debtors of snch banks as
thaJM^itjptthe provisions of this bill, and of tba
