Feb.  Í840.
APPENDIX tO tfttfc CONGItESáiOííAi &tt>fcfe.
M
26th Coxo....~.1st Sb s.
Assumption of State Debts—Mr. Smith of Indiana.
Senate.
ed; harbors and rivers were cleared out, commerce
Íirotecied, and the national arm of defence, both
and and naval, was honored and encouraged; man-
ufactories had sprung up, and, by moderate protec-
tion, had been enabled to start fair, to maintain a
competition in our own markets with the foreign
manufacturer; while the duties imposed operated
in the character of protection, and, at the same
time, afforded the means of raising a revenue to
support the Government. The nation, under this
policy, had marched, with strides unparalleled in
the history of the world, towards its destined great-
ness. President Jackson could do no less than ac-
koowledge all this when he received the charge of
administering the Government from his immediate
predecessor. It is true he spoke of some reform
which he thought necessary ¡ but, as to the general
prosperity of the nation, he bore willing testimony.
The banks were neither numerous, nor the paper
money and specie combined too much in quantity
for the business of the nation, in the opinion of any
body. Thus stood the matter, as acknowledged by
President Jackson himself; and none, surely, will
refuse full credence to his statement.
The Government was administered by the late
Administration for eight years. In some respects,
the policy of the preceding Administration was ma-
terially changed; amongst which maybe named
the change in the financial policy. The Bank of
the United States was broken down. The State
bank system was resorted to; the vacuum created
by the withdrawal of the United States Bank capi-
tal and currency was filled to order by the State
banks. The destruction of the United States Bank,
the withdrawal of the public deposites from that
institution, the selection of the State banks as fiscal
agents, and all the consequences resulting from this
policy in the increase of the circulation, the high
prices, the great sales of the public lands, the in-
crease of the public revenue, the stimulus to com-
merce and speculative action, were justly attributed
to that Administration and its policy. Whether for
good or evil, politicians might, and honestly did,
differ in regard to them. That was a controversial
ground that it was not the purpose of Mr. S. 10
tread; his object was not to cast censure, but to sta'e
facts, and to give the credit of that policy and its
consequences to the Administration that was justly
entitled to it. He had his opinions of the policy,
and he had freely stated them on other occasions;
he would not repeat them now. The administra-
tion of President Jackson, with its fruits, will, for
good or evil, form a prominent epoch in the history
of the country. Whatever might be the opinion
of others, it was not for the present Administration
and its friends to condemn the preceding one. Mr.
S. should rely upon the testimony which he was
about to produce to the Senate, to prove that, at the
time of the out-going of the late, and the in-coming
of the present Administration, the country was in a
high state of prosperity. And he should charge the
present Administration with the receipt of a people
in that prosperous state, and hold it responsible for
the maintenance of that state of aflairs.
On the 3d day of March, 1837, the ad minis! ration
of President Jackson ceased. The prominent part
he had taken in changing some part of the pol.cy
of his predecessor, impressed his mind with the pro-
priety of following the example of the Father oí his
country, and leaving for the benefit of the nation a
farewell address, in which it -must be supposed he
breathed a spirit of truth and candor which an or-
dinary State paper might well imitate. It was his
farewell address to his people, his dying political
legacy, in which he would most certainly "nothing
extenuate, nor set down aught in malice." It was
to some short extracts from that memorable legacy
Mr. S. desired to call the attention of the Senate.
Mr. S. then read the extracts:
" My public life has been a long one, and I can-
not hope that it has at all times been free from er-
rors. But I have the consolation of knowing that
if mistakes have been committed, they have not se-
riously injured the country I so anxiously endeav-
ored to serve; andatihe moment when I surrender
my last public trust, I leave this great people pros-
perous and happy, in the full enjoyment oí liberty,
and honored arid respected by every nation of the
world."
" The progress of the United States, under our
free and happy institutions, has surpassed the most
sanguine hopes of the founders oí the Republic.
Our growth has been beyond all former example in
numbers, in wealth, in knowledge, and all the use-
tvu arts which contribute to the comfort and conve-
nience of man; and from the earliest history to the
present day, there never have been thirteen millions
of people associated in one political body who en-
joyed so much freedom and happiness as the people
of the United States."
Such, Mr. President, is the evidence furnished
by the late President Jackson of the condition of the
country when he surrendered the reins to his suc-
cessor. How does this testimony correspond with
the speech of the Senator from South Carolina ?
(Mr. Calhoun.) He charges the present condition
of the country 10 the tariff of 1828. Mr. S. said the
Senator had not relieved the present Administra-
tion from the difficulty of being instrumental main-
ly in bringing the nation to its present state of em-
barrassment ; for, if he will look to the ayes and
noes on the passage of that bill, he will find who
supported it. Would he not find President Van
Buren of the number 1 But the tariff of 1828 had
gone into operation and performed all its mischief,
if such was its effect on the country, long before
the solemn declarations of President Jackson which
Mr. S. had read.
The Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. Buchanan)
had traced our embarrassments to the Bank of the
United States. But it will be remembered that that
bank had ceased to act, and had no connexion what-
ever with the Government, long before the date oí
the farewell address of President Jackson.
The Senator from Missouri (Mr. Benton) attrib-
utes the state of public affairs to the paper currency
and expanded credit of the country, and seeks relief
in a hard-money circulation alone. But did not that
Senator admit that all the prosperity of the country
had arisen under a mixed currency from the foun-
dation of the Government! Did he not see that, if
it was an excess of paper that produced the distress
in the country, and the derangement of the curren-
cy, no such excess was known during the Admin-
istration preceding that of President Jackson ? And
did he not see that all the excess or redundancy in
The currency of which he complained had taken
place, and was in full blast, anterior to the parting
declaration of President Jackson, when he declared
to the world that he left " this great people prosper-
ous and happy ?"
Mr. S. said he was apprized that, under the strict
rules of evidence, the present Administration could
not be charged with having received a nation of
prosperous and happy People upon the mere state-
ments of President Jackson that it was so at the
time he delivered it over, notwithstanding the fact
that the counsels of the out-going and thein-coming
President were intimately associated. 'And that
Mr. S. might not be said to place the matter ex-
clusively on that ground, he would read an extract
from the inaugural address of President Vnn Bu-
rén, delivered on the 4th day of March, 1837, and
which appeared next morning stitched up with the
farewell address of his predecessor. Mr. S. then
read the following extract:
"At home, while our Government quietly but ef-
ficiently performed the sole legitimate end of politi-
cal institutions, in doing the greatest good to the
greatest number, we present an aggregate of human
prosperity surely not el-ewhere to be found."
Did the in-coming President deny the truth of the
statement of his predecessor ? Did he say that the
tariff of 1828 had injured the country'? Did he
say, as was contended by the Senator from Ohio
(Mr. Allen) on yesterday, that the policy of the
early financiers and statesmen had cankered the
institutions of the country, and paralyzed the pros-
perity of the nation? Did lie contend that, owing
to the fact that we had not observed the hard-mo-
ney doctrines of the Senator from Missouri, (Mr.
Benton,) our prosperity had been blighted, and our
energies paralyzed? No such thing, Mr. Presi-
dent; no such thing. He openly, before the assem-
bled multitude, acknowledged the truth of the pros-
perous condition of the country, the administration
of which he was about to take upon himself, and
signed the receipt for it which had been read—
" tt'e present an aggregate of human prosperity sure-
ly not elsewhere to be found?
Mr. S. said he hoped Senators would be satisfied
with the condition of public affairs, as declared by
both these distinguished individuals at the time the
present Administration came into power; they cer-
tainly would not attempt to discredit these illustri-
ous witnesses, nor deny the authenticity of the pa-
pers which he had read. What had he proved in
the case, and what had he disproved? He had
proved by President Jackson that at the time he de-
livered his farewell address he left "this great peo-
ple prosperous and happy." What else? Why,
that, under the policy of the country from its first
organization, "the progress of the United States,
under our free and happy institutions, has surpass-
ed the most sanguine hopes of the founders of the
Republic; oar growth has been beyond all former
example in numbers, in wealth, in knowledge, and
all the useful arts." And he had disproved the
charges made against the previous policy of the
country. He had shown that it was under that
policy that the country had prospered beyond any
country in theworld. He had proved that the pre-
sent incumbent had received from his predecessor
a nation in the highest state of prosperity, without
a national debt, and at peace with all the world.
All this he had proved by their own statements; but
he would not stop here. He would ask Senators to
glance at the state of the business of the nation—of
the currency of the nation; at the enterprise and
general evidence of prosperity of the nation at the
time the present Administration came into power.
Mr. S. would speak so as to be understood by all
who might do him the honor to read his remarks.
At the time alluded to, the manufactories of the na-
tion Avere doing a fair business; commerce was
prospering; the national Treasury was filled; the
farmer received a fair price for his produce; wheat
in the west one dollar and upwards per bushel; flour
six dollars per barrel; pork six dollars per hundred,
and all other kinds of produce in proportion; State
improvements were rapidly progressing; individ-
ual enterprise was every where visible; commer-
cial transactions were carried on with facility and
convenience; the laboring classes of society had
plenty of employ at good wages; the exchanges of
the country were at about one percent, between the
East and the West; money was plenty and interest
low. Such was the state of the country at the peri-
od of the surrender by President Jackson of the
direction of public affairs. Mr. S. said he was ap-
prized that it was said that all this was an unna-
tural, diseased state of the nation, its finances, and
it? business. To this he would merely reply, that
his object was to present the facts, and not to dis-
cuss these controverted questions. He would say,
however, to the objectors, that ifall this evidenced
disease in the affairs of the nation, that disease had
been brought upon her by the late Administration
to a great extent. It was enough, however, for the
purpose of the argument he intended to address to
the Senate, that the country was not viewed as dis-
eased by President Jackson, or received by Presi-
dent Van Buren with the least intimation to the
people t hat there was any disease preying on the
vitals of the national prosperity. He therefore felt
justified in taking these distinguished individuals at
their Word, and charging to the policy that had
been pursued the misfortunes, embarrassments, and
distress under which the whole country and its bu-
siness labored. How stands the case? How stands
the prosperity of the people nftw? What is the
state of the monetary affairs of the nation ? What
the commercial? What the manufacturing? What
the farming? "What the laboring? What the me-
chanical? The State improvements? Let each oí
these.interests in the country answer the question.
Sir, (said Mr. S ) Senators could theorize beauti-
fully. He had heard the Senator from South Ca-
rolina (Mr. Calhoun) with that interest which the
Senator always gave to the subjects he discussed.
He theorized and generalized with great effect;
but still it was but theory and generalization. Th?.t
Senator had made on this subject what he called a
Northern speech; he had even regretted that the
Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. Webster) was
not m his place'to hear him, believing, as he said,
that he could satisfy even that Senator of the cor-
rectness of his views. It was not tha purpose oí
Mr. S. to step between those distinguished Sena-
tors ; but he confessed that the a'titude in which he
saw the Senator from South Carolina was a new
It was the first time he had ever heard him
one.
attempting to protect the Northern manufacturers.
It had, therefore, directed the attention of Mr. S. to
that portion of the argument of the Sena'or. He
believed he fully comprehended the Senator. The
Senator had attempted to maintain that the only
protec.ion which the Northern manufacturer re-
quired was the reduction of ihe labor of the work-
man, and a like reduction on the produce on which
they subsisted; that, by reducing these, the profit on
the capital of the manufacturer whould be increas-
ed in the same ratio. This might or it might not
be so; but it was certainly a remarkable poor man's
argument; it was the very doctrine for which the
