*40
APPEHB1X TO tttE CONGftESSIOlíAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1840*
26th Cono......1st Skss.
assumption of State Debts—Mr. Smith of Indiana.
Senate.
opponents of this levelling destructive policy con-
tend, that the object and effect is to reduce free la-
bor and produce, for the benefit of the capitalists oí
the nation; or, in other words, to make the rich
richer, and the poor poorer. It was a doctrine
against which Mr. S. entered his solemn protest.
"Hie Senator from South Carolina would excuse
an idea that Mr. S. had received while listening to
his speech. There might be nothing in it. He
would, however, throw it out for what it was worth.
He had thought it possible that, while that Senator
was endeavoring to satisfy the Senate that it was
for the interest of the North to reduce the labor and
produce of that section to a specie standard, his
mind's eye was South with his interest, and that his
speech was not so much to favor the Northern man-
ufacturer as the Southern planter. Might it not be
that the Senator reasoned after this wise: Our sta-
ple is cotton; oar principal market is in Europe.
We own our laborers; it is immaterial to us what
the price of labor may be, for we have that within
ourselves; it is immaterial to the price of our staple
what may be the price of the ordinary American
products, our market is not a domestic one; and if
we can reduce the price of free labor, and, conse-
quently, that of the produce on which we feed our
hands, to one-half what it now costs us, it will be a
clear gain to us of so much; while the free laborer
and the produce-raiser of the West and North are
the sufferers ! There might possibly be nothing in
this view of the case. If there was not, the Sena-
tor from South Carolina: was the dupe; if there
was, then he held those who acted with him from
the North and West in the hollow of his hand.
That Senator was sometimes mistaken. If, how-
ever, in this instance, he should be right, Northern
and Western Senators, from the grain-growing
and produce-raising States, might possibly find
themselves wrong.
Mr. S. had said that Senators over the way could
theorize finely; they could speak like the book, and
sometimes they even spoke from the book; but he
had become sick and tired of their theorizing
speeches, while the whole experience of the nation
spoke, in language not to be misunderstood, in di-
rect opposition to«the results to which they had
come. The Senator from Ohio (Mr. Allen) had
on yesterday delivered a long dissertation on de-
mocracy and federalism, tracing all the mal-ad-
ministiation of public affairs to what he was pleas-
ed to call the Hamiltonian doctrines, and winding
up with a eulogy on this Administration. That
Senator, at the outset, had taken his stand upon a
portion of the history of England. Mr. S. had
thought, while he was eulogizing an Administra-
tion that had reduced the people of his State to
their present condition of distress and embarrass-
ment, that a portion of the history of Rome would
have suited him much better, which speaks of a
Nero fiddling while Rome was in flames. Had
that Senator turned his eyes to his own State, Mr.
S. was much mistaken if he would have found in
the condition of affairs there any thing to require
at his hands eulogies or hosannas, even at this time;
and unless all the signs of the times are deceptive,
he would have less cause to rejoice over a course
of measures which must bring eren deeper distress
upon those whose interest he should have at heart.
Did that Senator suppose he could fasten on the
policy of the nation, previous to the Administration
whieh preceded the present one, the situation of his
people 1 He, to be sure, attributed it to the effects
of inflated paper and credit; but did he not know
that it was the late Administration that had given
impulse to, and had been the hot-house of, that infla-
tion, if it existed! Did he expect the farmers oí
his State, when returning home with fifty cents a
bushel for wheat in lieu of a dollar, would thank
him for his-eulogy on the cause of the depression !
It might be possible that the people of Ohio were
different from the citizens of other States, but he
did not believe it.
Mr. S. said he would turn his attention a moment
to the Senator from Pennsylvania, (Mr. Buchanan.)
He had listened to the speech of that Senator with
some feeling. The Senator had delivered it in
une style. He had fallen in with the hard-money
doctrines. He had adopted as orthodox the doc-
trines of a reduction of the price of labor as essen-
tial to even manufacturing prosperity. He had
anathematized the banks, and in a most especial
manner the United States Bank of Pennsylvania.
Those around the Senator appeared delighted, but
Mr. S. had very different feelings. He believed
the Senator wrong in his principles, and that de-
struction would be the effect produced by his dic-
trines. The sound of the Senator's fine voice had
scarcely died away from the dome of the chamber,
before the noble proclamation of the Governor oí
his own State reached us. The Legislature ol
Pennsylvania, like a majority here, were pressing
on to the destruction of the banks, to the destruc-
tion of the currency, credit, and business of the
country. Whether prompted from head-quarters
here, or not, was not the business of Mr. S. to in-
quire. The destructive bill had passed the House
of Representatives, and was in the Senate for ac-
tion, when Governor Porter rose above the atmo-
sphere of party, became the Governor of the State,
and spoke, in a voice that made the hearts of the
warmest partisans around him quail, Stop, stop in
your mad career; remove the rack; take away the
torture; the patient is expiring; Pennsylvania can
bear no more. Mr. S. said Pennsylvania was his
native State. She was his real, while Indiana was
his adopted mother; and, as one of her absent sons,
ever interested in her welfare, he could not do less
than say that Governor Porter, in his opinion, had
won for himself, in that single act of his life, a
claim to a greater degree of the gratitude of his
fellow-citizens than in all the rest put together.
Mr. S. would let no political considerations prevent
him from doing justice to a political opponent,
when it was so well deserved.
Mr. S. said he had noticed very briefly the posi-
tion which the Senators over the way had assumed,
as satisfactory to their minds, upon the great mat-
ters before the people, in an attempt to account for
the embarrassment and distress that pervaded the
whole country. He had showed that all those
causes existed before the close of the administra-
tion of President Jackson, and that when he left
the administration of public affairs, he left the peo-
ple, in his own language, " prosperous and happy."
He had showed that Mr. van Buren received it
in that prosperous condition, as admitted in his in-
augural address, delivered at the time, and stitch 
ed up with the farewell address of President Jack-
son.
Mr. S. proposed to examine the condition of the
country in less than three years in the hands of the
present Administration; and then submit the matter
to the people, whether this Government is now ad-
ministered, in the language of President Jackson
in his inaugural address, " for the good of the peo-
ple, and regulated by their will," or whether it had
not been administered contrary to their will and
against their interest; whether the war on the
banks, the credit, the commerce, the business, the
currency, and the destructive policy now in full
blast, had not brought this " prosperous and happy
people" to the very brink of ruin. How stands the
case 1 The exchanges, which evidence the health
of commercial action, which were at from one-half
to one per cent, before the tampering with the cur-
rency commenced, were most unequal and in a ru-
inous state of derangement. Mr. S. then read from
a paper he held, a table of exchanges, dated New
York, February 8, 1840:
Philadelphia, 6J to 7 Louisville, 10 to 12
Baltimore,         6j           Nashville,     12 to 15
Richmond,        7 to 8     Natchez,      30
Augusta,         10             Cincinnati,   10 to 12
Mobile,            7 to 8      Detroit,        10 to 12
New Orleans,   4             St. Louis,     12
The works of internal improvement in the States
have been suspended, and the laborers thrown out
of employ, and in many instances left almost with-
out subsistence. The banks have been compelled
to curtail their discounts and draw in their circu-
lation. The price of produce has depreciated al-
ready one-half, with prospects of still greater de-
pression Money has become so scarce that the
impossibility of paying debts is alarming, while the
real and personal estates of the debtors are unavail-
able, no matter how much they may have. Mr. S.
said he would react t©4he Senate some extracts to
show how the matter stands in the different sec-
tions of the country. He then read an extract from
the Zanesville (Ohio) Gazette of the 5th instant:
" Wheat continues to sell in places at 50 cents
per bushel; flour, retail, #3 per barrel. We are in-
formed that two hundred barrels were sold last
week at $2 62§ per barrel; another lot was sold at
$2 75. Pork and every other agricultural product
in the west are depreciated in the same propor-
tion."
Extract of a letter from Indiana of the 2d in-
stant :
'' I hardly know what to write you, unless I re"
peat the saying that is here the most familiar—hard
times, no collections, suing, breaking up, produce
goes a begging, our laborers thrown out of employ;
there is no telling who may or who may not break;
all our improvements stopped ; our debtor class are
ruined. What is to be the end of these matters'?
Let the experimenters answer. God knows times
are hard enough now, and getting worse every
day."
Extract from the letter of an intelligent Bucks
county (Pennsylvania) farmer. Mr. S. said this
letter came from the couniy of his birth, and from
a friend of his youth:
" The effect of their measures we farmers alrea-
dy feel sorely. Beef and pork are two dollars per
cwt. lower than last year; cattle from 30 to 40 per
cent, lower; and the different kinds of grain on an
average are not more than half so high as they
have been for four years past, and are falling."
" New Orleans, January 29.
"The anticipations of relief from the prevailing
pressure during the present winter are, thus far, not
realized. Times are, perhaps, a little harder now
than they ever were, with no prospect of a speedy
change for the better. During the last few days we
have heard of several capitalists bending under
the weight, who hitherto stood erect. The opening
of navigation in the Ohio, it is to be hoped, may-
give an impulse to trade that will be found benefi-
cial. Unless succor comes from some quarter, eve-
ry debtor in the country ' will have to break.' There
is no money scarcely stining, and no way of get-
ting it. Can't the Legislature, do something for our
help! The publicare looking in that direction;
but, we apprehend, with slender hopes of receiving
effieient and substantial aid."—Bulletin.
Mr. S. said he could read letter after letter, ex-
tract after extract, newspaper after newspaper—all,
all speaking the same language; and yet Senators
here could stand coldly reading extracts from Brit-
ish books; and even the Administration, having
derived no light from experience, and disdaining
the plain, humble, republican track of our ances-
tors, had thought it necessary to set on foot an ex-
ploring expedition amongst the monarchical Govern-
ments of the old world for a financial policy for
this Republic, and a bill carrying out that policy
had actually passed the Senate, and would probably
become a law. But why continue the extracts'?
Was it not admitted on all hands that every inter-
est and business of the nation was surrounded by
embarrassments, heart-rending, and calling not
only for the justice but for the sympathy of the Sen-
ate! And yet gentlemen over the way could still
press on with their fatal policy, without one feeling
of sympathy for the sufferings of the people: the
Administration was inexorable. Sir, (said Mr. S.)
let other Senators feel as they might—let the Sena-
tor from South Carolina generalize—let the Sena-
tor from Ohio sing hosannas to the authors of these
calamities—let the Senator from Pennsylvania con-
tend for the reduction of wages and the destruction
of the currency of his State, unmoved by the suf-
ferings and distress around them; he (Mr. S.) was
not made of that kind of stuff; he had a heart that
he hoped with its last pulsation would beat with
sympathy for the sufferings of his iellow-men. He
could not fold his arms and look on, like the public
executioner, while the Administration put upon the
rack and torture the people of his State; he could
not see the property torn from his people and sacri-
ficed, themselves and families thrown upon the
cold charity of the world, without at least placing
before them the whole matter, leaving them to de-
cide whether the Government, under the present
rulers, was administered for the benefit of the peo-
ple; and if not, whether such an Administration
was " worth defending," in the language of Presi-
dent Jackson.
Mr. S. said he was sick, heart-sick, of hearing
speeches, speeches, and no relief—no prospect of
relief to the people. The course of gentlemen
(Mr. S. said) reminded him of one of the most
affecting incidents of his life. He was sent for to
the sick bed of a valued friend; he found his friend
near his dissolution; his whole appearance indi-
cated his speedy departure. Mr. S. asked the at-
tending physician if there could be no remedy—if
there was no relief! The doctor shook his head,
and replied, None, I fear; the case is fever; I have
given him calomel, dose after dose, from twenty to
fifty grains, but it seems to have no effect upon him.
But, Doctor, will not you try something else ! No,
sir; the case is fever, and the books say calomel
is the remedy; we roust follow the bocks,   But do
