Feb. 1840.                   _______APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                          Mi
.--------.---------------------------.---------■----------———__-------------------_-------,—,—                                                                                  ,           ,  .                                       .  i    n       ,m ii. i„    ,          „     ...   „m          i    .-------------
26th Covg-««  1st Sess.                        Assumption of Slate Debts—Mr. timith of Indiana.                                               Senate.
you not see the patient is dying 1 Your remedy is
certainly not the correct one, or you would not
kill your patients with it. His friend died, and Mr.
S. had the poor consolation of knowing that he had
taken calomel in doses prescribed by the books;
but all were not so well satisfied that it was the best
remedy for the disease as applied to that particular
patient, although it might have been judicious in
some cases. So (said Mr. S.)you have been giving
calomel, calomel, calomel, possibly as prescribed
by some of your books; bat do you not see your
patient is dying 1 Do you not see you will ruin the
country by your policy"! "Will you persist1 Mr. S.
said he would to Heaven he had the influence with
Senators over the way, as well as with the Admin-
istration, that Governor Porter seems to have had
with his Legislature. He would say to them, Stop,
stop; require not the people to drink to the very
dregs this cup of your policy; throw away your
books and looic at your people, and you must be-
come satisfied that your remedy, your policy, has
been wholly a mistaken one. If you will not sepa-
rate from it, rest assured the people will separate
from you; patience under such policy will not al-
ways be a virtue. There may be relief possibly
found through the ballot-boxes, should ruin not
overtake them before they reach that constitutional
remedy.
Mr. S. said he had heard from the Senator from
South Carolina, as welt as from the Senator from
Pennsylvania, a dissertation on cuirency, and he
was fn e to admit that he had read some authors on
that highly important subject himself. He was
aware that the general principles were; that an in-
crease of currency* produced a corresponding in-
crease of prices. "He had heard much of a redun-
dant currency, and its effects upon the business of
the country. It was one of the most difficult ques-
tions ever examined. As to when the currency was
or when it was not redundant, so much depended
upon the bns-iness, improvements, increase of popu-
lation, and a thousand other considerations, that it
would be only conjecture. He was aware that there
was much speculation and theorizing on the whole
subject; but he had thought a single consideration,
to which he would advert, had not been sufficiently
attended to, either by authors or Senators; and that
was, that it was not so much the quantity of money
in circulation in a country, as the rapidity of its mo-
tion, that created either a supposed redundancy or
scarcity in the transactions of society. He held that
velocity or motion might be so accelerated as to
make one hundred dollars answer more of the val-
uable purposes of society at one period of time, than
one thousand dollars, with less activity, would at
another. Motion, applied to currency, would be
accelerated either by a suspicion on the part of the
holder of the currency in his possession, which
would induce him to pan with it as soon as possi-
ble ; or, by thst universal and vital principle of all
society, confidence between man and man—the first
principle operatingupon currency—thatis,suspicion
of its permanent value, could only operate on bank
paper, and, when once attacked, must necessarily
drive it ont of circulation. The absence of the
other prineiple,'confidence, must inevitably arrest,
in a great degree, the active principle of currency;
and, with much more money in a country, the ve-
locity may be so much less that it may be infinitely
more scarce than at other times, when there is less
money in the country, but when confidence is such
 í to give it accelerated motion. There was at the
present time money enough in the country to relieve
greatly the embarrassments of the people. Why,
then, was it so scared The obvious answer is,
that such has been the war upon the banks, upon
the credit and currency of the country, that confi-
dence was destroyed between man and man, and
between the people and the institutions of the conn-
try; in consequence of which, the principles to which
he had adverted were brought in full operation
against the active principle of currency motion;
and, by that means, the money had been driven to
its hiding-places, from which itwould only be forced
through the instrumentality of the usurer, or of per-
sons desiring to speculate on the misfortunesof their
fellow-men, until it should be again set in active
motion by confidence, thepropellingprinciple. That
confidence could never be restored so long as the
war on the part of the Administration continued;
for, Mr. S. said, he was bound to look upon the pro-
ceedings before the Senate as a part of the same
policy that had been avowed by the President, and
of which the sub-Treasury had formed a component
part.
Mr. S. had said all he desired to say on the first
branch of the subject. He would call the attention
of the Senate to some other views connected more
closely with the resolutions before the Senate. It
seemed to be resolved that the General Government
should set itself up as grand lecturer of the States.
Much had been said in the debate by Senators, con-
demning the report of the committee of which he
was a dissenting member, for the manner in which
it arrayed the debts of the States before the world;
and, after the debate of a day, that report had been
sent back to the committee to be so altered as to omit
the objectionable statements. The report had been
so altered, and reported back. All this was well
enough; but did not Senators see that neither the
Senator from Missouri nor the committee had the
honor of original inventors in that matter 1 The
President of the United States, it seems, was at the
bottom of the whole of it. Mr. S. then read ex-
tracts from the last message:
" The foreign debt of our States, corporations,
and men of business, can scarcely be less than two
hundred millions of dollars." "It is easy to see
that the increase of this foreign debt must augment
the foreign demand on the exports to pay the inter-
est, and to the same extent diminish the imports;
and in proportion to the enlargement of the foreign
debt, and the consequent increase of interest, must
be the decrease of the import trade. In lieu of the
comforts it now brings us, we might have our gi-
gantic banking institutions, and splendid, but in ma-
ny instances profitless, railroads and canals, absorb-
ing to a great extent an interest upon the capital
borrowed to construct them, the surplus fruits of
national industry for years to come, and securing
to posterity no adequate return for the comforts
which the labor of their hands might otherwise
have secured. It is not by the increase of this debt
that relief is to be sought, but in its diminution."
Mr. S. said the entire credit of this whole matter
was due to the President, and he was not willing to
see it shifted and placed on the head of either the
Senator from Missouri or the committee. If the
States had been arraigned before the Federal Gov-
ernment, he had shown who was the prosecutor.
Sir, (said Mr. S.) this is only a portion of the entire
policy, the centralizing policy of the present Ad-
ministration. State rights and State legislation are
to be subject to the animadversion of the federal
head of this Government. He had pointed Sena-
tors again and again to the inordinate, ingulfing
policy of recent times, that swallows up in the tre-
mendous vortex of Executive powers the rights of
the Stales and the legislation of the people. He
did not advert to if at this time for the purpose of
entering upon that inexhaustible field of debate,
but for another purpose. He denied the legitimate
authority of this General Government to interfere
with the legislative action of the States, either to
censure or hold up to the world that course of poli-
cy which the States might think proper to adopt.
All that was a matter entirely for the States and
their own citizens.
Mr. S. said he would, for a few moments, exam-
ine the doctrines of that portion of the message
which he had read. He did so with the more pleas-
ure, because in the examination he hoped to be able
to answer some of the positions of Senators over
the way, which were mere commentaries on the
text he had read from the message. The great in-
justice (tosay the least of it) of holding up the debts
of a State, without at the same time presenting its
resources, is too palpable to need comment. Jus-
tice requires, at all times, that both sides of the ac-
count should be stated. Any other course was only
calculated to mislead, and to prejudice the debtor
in the eyes of the world. If you say of a man that
he owes fifty thousand dollars, and say no more,
you affect his credit with the world; none would
trust him except those who knew his ability to pay.
But if you say of him, in addition, that he is amply
good for treble that sum, the credit side brings up
the balance in his favor. So in relation to the debts
of the States and people. It was possible they might
amount to the sum named by the President, but still
he only gave one side of the case. The President
had kindly told the States that " it is not by the in-
o ease of this debt that relief is to be sought, but in
its diminution." Now, sir, that may or it may not
be so, according to the circumstances surrounding
the debtor State; and that was a matter submitted
exclusively to the people and Legislature of the
particular State.   Did it not strike Senators that
I   suspended public works in the States, which must
II  remaia wholly useless unless completed, and the
money thrown away which had been expended up-
on them, might be finished to great advantage in
many instances, even should an increase of the
debt of the State be the consequence 1 The error
into which the President and Senators over the
way had fallen, was in the application of their ab-
stractions to the condition of the people and the
„States as they were. It could not be denied but that
the abstraction laid down by the President might
be true, if the public works were completed in the
States; but, in their present condition, the States
| may find that, upon principles of the strictest econ-
| omy, it may be necessary for them to extend their
j credit, and complete some of their unfinished works;
¡ and it was not for the Federal Government to in-
t jure their credit, or lecture them as to their internal
\ policy. That matter the people of the States un-
! derstood best, and with them it should be left.
¡ There was another remark in the extract which he
| had read, and which had been repeated by Sena-
; tors, commented upon in the public press, in essays,
and tables of calculation, to which Mr. S. desired
to call the attention of the Senate, for the purpose
of exposing: its fallacy—"profitless railroads and
canals." Yes, sir, in the present enlightened age
of the world, the internal improvements of your
country were to be reduced to a question of dollars
and cents, to be brought to a counting house calcu-
lation, to be conned over by the usurer, to be weigh-
ed and tested by the question whether they would
pay the interest upon their construction. The minds
of statesmen seem to be limited to the most sordid
and circumscribed view of the question. We shall
surely entitle ourselves to the character that has
been given us in the European journals—"a dollar
and cent people." Were we, in this enlightened,
active, commercial, and enterprising age of the
world, to be told that a canal or railroad that did
not pay the interest on the cost of its construction,
was "profitless" to the people 1 Why, sir, that is
only a question of taxes; you may collect tolls to
pay only one per cent, on the construction of the
work, or you may increase the tolls so as to pay
five; still you have not touched the question of the
value of the work to the country. Suppose there
was not one dollar of tolls collected on a single
work in the United States, but all were left, like
your great rivers, free and public highways. "Would
they be the less useful, valuable, or profitable to the
people 1 Take, for example, the New York and
Erie canal. Is it by the amount of tolls collected
on that great work that its utility and value to the
| State are to be tested or ascertained 1 Surely not.
If the Slate of New York was in a condition to dis-
pense with tolls altogether, would it be contended
that her work would not be equally as profitable
and valuable to the great mass of her citizens as it
nojt is 1 What are tolls 1 Nothing more nor less
than taxes on the commerce and business that pass
through the canal. That tax may be necessary
to raise the interest on the cost of construction; but
it wa& principally drawn from her commerce, and
paid ultimately by the consumer, as it entered into
the price of the produce and merchandise that pass
through the canal. These remarks are equally
applicable to railroads. It may then be asked, if
the profit of a canal or railroad is not to be tested
by the amount of tolls collected, how is it to be
done 1 The answer is obvious: by the benefits re-
sulting to the State and its citizens, in the increased
facilities afforded to commercial and agricultural
operations, with the corresponding increase in the
value of real estate and the price of every article of
produce, as well as the reduction in the price of
every article conveyed over the work. It might
well be assumed that the State of New York would
not be the loser, by taking off the tolls entirely from
her public works as she would relieve her citizens
from that tax, while she would increase the com-
merce of her great cities, as well as the business of
the State generally. It may be asserted, and suc-
cessfully maintained, that every measure that in-
creases the .industry of the people, which is the
true wealth of a nation, is beneficial; and every
policy which paralyzes that industry is injurious in
its tendency, and diminishes the quantum of active
wealth. These great improvements have had the
effect to increase greatly the enterprising industry
of the people, and have therefore been beneficial
to the country, greatly beyond the simple question
whether they would or would not pay, in the shape
of tolls or taxes, the interest of the cost of construc-
tion. Mr. S. said he had felt it to be his duty at the
first favorable opportunity to pretest against the dol-
lar and cent view of this great subject, that had
