N*
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1840.
26th Cong-o'Ist Sess.
assumption of Stale Debts—Mr. Smith of Indiana.
Senate.
bten presented by the message, the Senator from
Missouri, and other?. He had done this, protest-
in" at the same time against the right of the Presi-
dent or of the Congress of the United States to take
cognizance of the policy of the States, and to read
them lectures in i elation to that policy which he
held was for them alone to decide upon.
Mr. S. said the Senator from New Hampshire
(Mr. Hcbbard) had thanked his stars his State was"
not a debtor State; he had congratulated himself
and his State that they were not sinners like some
others. This question, like the others Mr. S. had
discussed, was not subject to abstract boundaries.
It might or it might not be prudent for a State to
become indebted; the same might be said of indi-
viduals ; but a rale that denounced all the indebted
States, and eulogized all those who had not incurred
a State debt, might be very liable to deceive those
who relied upon it. Surely it would not be con-
tended that either States or individuals who in-
curred debts were, merely from that circumstance,
objects of public censure. This was thegreat error,
' Mr. S. repeated, into which the Senators over the
way had incautiously fallen; they dealt with ab-
stract principles, and not with facts and a people
as they exist It certainly did not follow that, be-
cause a State or an individual was in debt, there-
fore she or he was not prosperous; on the contrary,
it would hardly be contended that, because a State
or individual was out of debt, therefore she or he
was prosperous. All experience and all knowledge
of men proved to the contrary. As the Senator
from New Hampshire had thought proper to allude
to this matter with much self-complaceny, Mr. S.
would say to that Senator that the State of Indiana
was one óf the debtor States; and still he (Mr. S.)
was entirely willing to compare notes with the
Senator as to the relative advancement and pros-
perity of the two States. Mr. S. adverted to that
matter with much pleasure, not only as a question
of comparison, but because his State and her debts
had been made a subject for discussion; her debts
had been marshalled before the world, while her
resources had been studiously kept out of view.
This was, to say the least of it, unfair. If her pe-
■- cnniary affairs were a proper subject for discussion
and animadversion here, (which he denied,) let the
whole truth be told. It was true, Indiana bad in-
curred a State debt, (but not to the amount stated,)
for the purposes of internal improvement, and for
her banking capital. The policy adopted by her
was her own, for weal or wo; and it was to the
wisdom of her own counsels she had to look in the
emergency. And here he would say, let the remark-
fall where it might, that, so far as those counsels
were concerned, he had regretted to see that a
spirit of crimination and recrimination had crept
in, growing out of general politics. Parties were
arrayed, not so much upon the question of her in-
debtedness, as upon the question which of the great
parties bad induced her to involve herself so deeply.
Mr. S. said he was bound in all candor to say that
it grew out of the times in which her debts were
contracted; all political parties were stimulated,
they ventured too far; but all participated in the
matter in a degree corresponding with their locality,
and anticipated benefits resulting from her works
of internal improvement. Her State Government
was in the hands of one political party, while that
of her sister, Illinois, was in the other; and yet
both incurred responsibilities at the same time, and
each had acted doubtless in a manner which she
believed at the time to be correct, but which had
proved disastrous, owing to the revulsion in busi-
ness and scarcity oí money; but still he felt bound
to say that each was, in, his mind, amply able to
discharge every demand upon her, nor would
either ever for a moment violate her iaith. or give
any just cause to suspect her honor.
Mr. S. said he would read an extract from the
last message of the Governor of his State, which
would show to the gentleman from New Hampshire,
and to the world, that Indiana would at least com pare
with that Slate, or any other State in the Union that
had made no improvements and incurred no debts.
Indiana was admitted into the Union jn the year
1816, with about the constitutional number of 60,000
souls. Her population on the return of the next
census would be found to be not less than 800,000.
Mr. S. read from the last message of Governor
Wallace some extracts:
" The assessments of taxable property the present
year are quite favorable; they exhibit most grati-
fying results, and prove beyond a question that both
he population ana wealta of the State have been
steadily on the increase. The taxable polls of 1839
amount to 95,756; but this is evidently much below
the true estimate, as the aggregate vote cast at the
last Congressional election very clearly demon-
strates, that vote being 100,500. Indeed, I have
little or no doubt but that a close and careful as-
sessment would have returned not less than 115,000
polls. In 1838, the total valuation of all the taxable
propeTtyof the State amounted to $97,058,094; this
year that amount has been swelled to $107,337,715.
" The principal subjects of taxation, it will be
recollected, consist of lands and their improve-
ments, town lots, corporation stock, and personal
property; of tbese, the lands the present year, em-
bracing 7,475,320 acres, have been valued at
$05,984,879.
So much for the single item of lands, which the
Governor says does not include the whole, the as-
sessment being imperfect.   He then adds:
" From the sales of public lands, as reported by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, we
ascertain that the 8,922,122 acres of land now sub-
ject to taxation will be augmented annually by the
following additions: In 1840, by 1,580,904acres; in
1841, by 3,249,210 acres; in' 1842, by 1,249,818
acres; in 1843, by 320,641 acres; proving most con-
clusively that in 1843 we shall have 15,328,694
acres of taxable land. In times, therefore, like the
present, when gloom and despondency seem to per-
vade every bosom, when the credit of sovereign
States even can no longer command money from
abroad, and when bankruptcy and ruin, with their
attending trains of evil, apparently hang suspended
over the great mass of the people, no citizen of In-
diana, I presume, devoted to her interest, or who
feels himself identified with her prosperity and
glory, can avoid receiving the foregoiog facts as
evidence sufficient to justify him in confidently an-
ticipating a safe deliverance from present and fu-
ture enthraiments. Administrations may change,
parties may alternately triumph, and destructive
experiments be repeated; but the soil and its fertil-
ity will remain unaffected by either. It constitutes
an element of wealth which even man in his folly
cannot destroy, and which, when all others are
swept away from him, continues in the perform-
ance of its functions to cheer and support him
through every emergency. It is, therefore, matter
of heartfelt gratification to see how largely the
people of Indiana are possessed of this element;
for, combined with the untiring energy and indus-
try which distinguish their character, We feel that
we hazard nothing in predicting that the wtalth
and resources of the State must continue to expand
in despite of the most adverse circumstances."
Mr. S. said, after what had been said relative to
the banks, and especially those that had been crea-
ted by debts incurred abroad, and the allusions of
the Senator from Missouri, (Mr. Benton.) he felt
called upon to say one word about the banks in his
own State. Indiana had no banks, except her
State Bank, which wasnot a bank of deposite, or
even discount, but rather a supervisory head; and
her branches, he was justified in saying, even in
1837, at the time of the general suspension, were
sound to the core. He did not deny bnt that they
suspended at that period, but it was in self-defence.
The banks in other States had suspended, and as
their notes in the possession of the Indiana banks
could not be made available, they acted wisely in
the course they pursued. Reciprocity was all they
asked. They resumed at the first moment that
such a reciprocity was established, and had con-
tinued to pay their notes in specie since. Mr. S.
said he would read a short extract from the message,
on this subject, also:
"The condition of the State Bank appears to be
healthy. On the 31st of October last her assets
amounted to six million two hundred and forty
thousand three hundred and twenty-eight dollars,
and her liabilities to three million four hundred
and ninety-three thousand and forty-two dollars.
At the same date, she had in her vaults $1,021,490
in specie, and $3,124,497 in circulation. The mea-
sure of total suspension recently adopted by the
banks of Pennsylvania, Maryland, and other
States, I am happy to say, has not been followed
by the State Bank of Indiana."
So, sir, (said Mr. S.,) you see that, give Indiana
fair play, keep your hands out of her pockets, make
no assaults upon her credit, arrest your destructive
policy, paralyze not her industry, reduce neither
the wages of her labor nor the price of her produce
by your war upon the currency, and she will shake
off the manacles with which you have temporarily
bound her, and rise, in her true character, one of the
young giants of the West.
Mr. S. said he must notice briefly the immediate
subject before the Senate, however unfashionable he
might be deemed for doing so. He had, however,
said already much that was intimately connected
with it. The Senator from Missouri had introdu-
ced a string of resolutions on the subject of the as-
sumption by the Government of the debts of the
States, and had made his speech upon them; after
a very brief discussion, they had been referred to a
select committee, of which Mr. S. was a member.
He had met the committee in good faith at the out-
set, with his protest against the whole proceedings:
a report had been made, and resolutions introduced
from the majority of the committee, to both of
which he had dissented. In justice to the chairman
of the committee, he would say that, if the subject
were properly before Congress, the chairman, in the
report, had presented the views of the majority of
the committee in a manner as unexceptionable as
the nature of the subject submitted would admit,
and with the usual ability of that Senator. Mr. S.
did not object to the report on that ground. He had
heard, with some surprise, Senators on this side of
the chamber suppose that the charge against the
States came from the Senator from Missouri, (Mr.
Benton,) or the committee. He thought, to use a
Western phrase, the saddle had not been placed oh
the right horse. He had read an extract from the
late message of the President, where Senators had
seen who originated this attempt to draw the busi-
ness and pecuniary condition of the States before
the Federal Government for its criticism and ani-
madversion. The message says: "The foreign
debt of our State corporations and men of business
can scarcely be less than two hundred millions of
dollars." Such is the statement made by the Presi-
dent: it might all be true; but why blazon it forth
to the worldl Some London bankers had suggest-
ed the propriety of the Statesgiving further securi-
ty, (meaning, no doubt, the United States,) if they
desired to obtain any further credit. Resolutions
were introduced, declaring that Congress Would
not assume the State debts ¡ the resolutions Were
referred to a committee, and that committee had
reported a set of resolutions gravely negativing the
assumption. Mr. S. said this was one of the most
splendid legislative farces ever played off. Hi ri*
sisted the whole of it. What! was the Senate of the
United States, one of the most dignified and august
bodies in the world, to resolve itself into a corre-
sponding tribunal, to respond to the Barings, or any-'
body else, in relation to the concerns of the sove-
reign States of the Union 1 Suppose the Roths-
childs, in a publication, should desire the United
States to pay the claims they held against Ameri-
can citizens. Was the Congress of the United
States to solemnly resolve that it would not pay 1
Can it be possible that this body is to. step from its
proper and legitimate business to the wayside^ to
answer calls about affairs over which it had fid
control 1 Mr. S. said he denied in loto the whole
of the doctrine. He denied that naked resolves,
where no legislative action was proposed, upon
subjects not before the body, and where it was not
intended to bring matters before Congress which
might require legislative action, were withih the
ordinary duties of Congress; and, if resorted to at
all, should never be countenanced except on extra-
ordinary occasions. If such a course of action
should prevail, the time of Congress might be
wholly occupied in resolviBg on every matter that
might be conceived of. There Would be, as there
had been to very little purpose, endless resolves,
giving Congressional expositions of the Constitu-
tion and institutions of the country. On the other
hand, each political party would lay down its creed,
and bring its partisans up to a standard of political
action by formal resolves. Congress would over-
ride State Legislatures and forge public opinion,
become masters instead of the agents of the States
and people, and cause the pride of opinion to pre-
dominate over the love of justice in after action,
when a subject might be legitimately before it Suf-
ficient for the day is the evil thereof. Mr. S. said,
for himself and his State, he protested against being
called to the bar of the Senate, and compelled to
say ay or no to any proposition or abstract question
Senators or committees might require him to act
upon by their resolutions. Let them bring up a
question for legislative action, and he was ready to
act upon it at once, to respond directly to it. He
had never dodged a question, nor would he ever;
but he was not to be catechised in this manner.
