M4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3 an. 1840.
86m Coj 0"**1st Sess.
dbolitlion Petitions—Mr Garland of Va.
H. of Reps.
self conceded this principle when he said that Con-
gress was not bound to receive petitions which
sought its action upon objects not within its con-
stitutional powers; and thus concedes the whole
ground upon which I base my argument.
But why argue this proposition, so clear and so
plain within itself, when the very proposition to
receive and consider petitions when they are pre-
sented necessarily concedes the power of the House
to receive or not, as it may deem most expedient ?
If not, why submit the motion ? Why go through
the idle ceremony of proposing to the House to re-
ceive that which it has no constitutional power—
no discretion whatever to refuse 1 There can be
no reason for it whatever. But if there is a linger-
ing doubt behind, let us recur to the " Manual" re-
gulating the presentation and reception of peti-
tions, and which has been adopted as the parliamen-
tary code of this House, and I flatter myself it will
be instantly removed. It will be found on page
145, sec. xix, title " Petitions." In the first place,
it provides that " petitions must be subscribed by
the petitioners, unless they are attending." Why ?
Certainly, sir, to guard against imposition by for-
gery and aliens. If the petitioner cannot subscribe
his name, he must be averred by a member. "Why ?
To prevent imposition.
Again: " Before any petition or memorial ad-
dressed" to the Senate shall be received and read at the
table, whether the same shall be introduced bi/ the PreSm
ident or a 'member, a brief statement of the contents
of the petition or memorial shall verbally be made by
the introducer."—Ru\e 24.
Why this precaution 1 Surely, sir, to enable the
Senate to determine whether the petitioas are
conched in decent, and respectful language, and
seek the action of the House upon objects within
its constitutional power of reliel: and such is the
rale of this House also.
Again: " Regularly a motion to receive it (a pe-
tition) must be made and seconded, and a question
POT WHETHER IT  SHALL  BE  RECEIVED 1      But   a   Cry
from the House of ' received,' or even its silence,
dispenses with the formality of this question. It is
then to be read at the table and disposed of."
Now, sir, if a motion to receive is to be made and
seconded, and a question put whether it shall be re-
ceived, why make the motion,—why require it to be
seconded—why put the question, Shall ilbereceived ?
if the House has no discretion over the question of
reception ? It is worse than idle to ask this House
to do what it has no power to refuse. Let us sup-
pose a case: suppose a petition presented here,
which did not come in the form ana with the sanc-
tions of this rule: has this House the power to re-
fuse to receive it? By this rule it certainly has.
And if it has the discretionary power, for the want
of these forms and sanctions, to refuse to receive a
petition, how much more has it the power to refuse
those affecting the constitutional powers, business,
and decorum of the body 1 Sir, if Congress has no
discretion upon this subject, and cannot deny the
reception of petitions, then these rules themselves
are unconstitutional, and invade the great right of
petition. Who is prepared to press the right of pe-
tition to this extremity, and expose this House to
all the lamentable consequences which would en-
sue 1 Sir, there is but little danger of this House
invading the right of petition. If it does, its biennial
responsibility to the people will correct the evil.
I think, sir, both from the nature and necessity of
the case, and the uniform action of parliamentary
bodies, I have successfully demonstrated that Con-
gress has a discretionary power over the reception
of petitions; and that such a discretion is not in-
compatible with the right of petition, but a neces-
sary protection against its abuse and licentiousness.
Having thus, as I think, satisfactorily proved the
power of Congress over the reception 01 petitions,
the question recurs, whether petitions praying for
the abolition of " sla.very" and the " slave-trade"
in the District of Columbia should be received1?
In discussing this question, the first inquiry which
presents itself is, has Congress the power to abolish
"slavery" or the "slave trade," so called, in the
District of Columbia 1 If Congress has the power,
such petitions ought to be received; if not, they
should not be received. At the time of the adoption
of the Federal Constitution, the District of Colum-
bia was a component part of the States of Virginia
and Maryland, and its citizens entitled to all the
immunities and privileges of the people of those
States, and were covered by the broad mantle of
the Constitution of the United States. Virginia
and Maryland were slaveholdipg States, ana the
people of the District, as a part of those communi-
ties, were a slaveholding people. In this condition
they were found when the Constitution was adopted,
and in this condition they were found when the
cession by Virginia and Maryland was made. Now,
sir, does the Constitution, or do the acts of cession,
confer upon Congress the power to invade and de-
stroy this|right of property, either by express pro-
vision, or by any fair and legitimate inference ? I
have searched the Constitution and the acts of ces-
sion in vain for any such authority. But, sir, in-
dependent of this want of declared power, there is,
in the Constitution itself, an express prohibition of
power. In the fourth article of the amendments to
the Constitution it is declared that—
" The right of the peoplk to be secure in their
persons, houses, papers, and effects against un-
reasonable searches and seizures, shall not be
violated; and no warrants shall issue but upon
probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation,
and particularly describing the'place to be searched,
and the persons or thing to be seized."
The adoption of this amendment to the Consti-
tution gave the important protection of this article
to the people of the District, as citizens of the States
of Virginia and Maryland, against tyranny, vexa-
tion, and oppression. Did the acts of cession St rip
them of it? I answer, no; unless it can be proved
that the people of the District are not people of the
United States; which, I imagine, no gentleman
will be bold enough to assert: for the article refers,
in express terms, to the "people" oí the United
States, and not the people of the States as States.
If, then, slavery existed in the District of Columbia
at the time of the cession, and the people are pro-
tected by the article of the Constitution which I
have just read against unreasonable searches and
seizuresjof their persons, houses, papers, and effects,
I maintain that, by virtue of the succeeding article
of amendments to the Constitution, the people of
the District are equallyprotected against any inva-
sion or violation of their right of property, either in
slaves or any thing else.   The article reads thus:
" No person shall be held to answer for a capital
or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a present-
ment or indictment of a grand jury, except in cases
arising in the land or naval forces, or in the militia
when in actual service, in time of war or public
danger; nor shall any person be subject for the
same ofience to be twice put in jeopardy of life or
limb, nor shall be compelled, in any criminal case,
to be a witness against himself; nor be deprived of
life, liberty, or property, without due process of
law; nor shall private property be taken for pub-
lic use without just compensation."
Now,sir, if the people of this District are entitled
to all the important privileges and immunities
guarantied in this clause of the Constitution, they
are as much entitled to the protection of their pri-
vate property as any other right, privilege, or ex-
emption; and, as slaves are recognised by the Con-
stitution and laws as properly, they come within the
very letter of the article, and are protected. If
Congress has the constitutional power to abolish
slavery in this District, it has the same power to
abolish the important right of trial by jury, and all
the otherimportant rights and privileges enumerated
in the clauses which I have read, and to establish
an unqualified despotism. Is this true 1 Can it be
so'} If the doctrine that Congress has the power
contended for over slavery in this District be true,
then all the other consequences necessarily follow:
for all the other rights are held by the same author-
ity, and the people of this District are in as defence-
less a condition as the serfs oí Russia or the vassals
of Turkey. I bes: gentlemen to pause before they
give their sanction to a proposition replete with
such daneerous and appalling consequences. Can
the security of the " right of petition" require the
sacrifice of such an immense amount of individual
right and constitutional liberty 1 I put the question
home to every gentleman of sober, sound judgment.
To establish this right, shall all the battlements of
the Constitution be broken down, and the liberties
of a portion of our citizens trampled under fool?
If this be the condition of the people of the District,
and the Constitution of the United States be not
their Constitution and their palladium of liberty, I
would incite them, few as they are, to instant re-
bellion. But, sir, such is not the case. This Con-
stitution is their Constitution, in common with their
fellow-citizens of the States; and, by it, this spe-
cies of property is secured against annihilation by
the power of the Government. There is but one
cause for which the Government can invade pri-
vate property ,-and that is for "public use," and then
compensation must be made. This is the only way
in which the power of the Government can reach
individual property, either in slaves or any thing.
else. I put the question, and demand an answer
from the sober thought and unbiassed judgment of
every gentleman present: Can the Government,
from considerations of policy, destroy private rights
and private property thus secured by the highest
authority known to the laws—an authority para-
mount to that of the Government itself, and by
which it exists?
But, Mr. Speaker, I contend that the acts of ces-
sion by Virginia and Maryland, in themselves,
contain sufficient limitations upon the power of
Congress to protect slave property from its grasp,
and its subjection to the ruthless spirit of crusading
fanaticism. In each of the acts of cession there is
to be found the following provision :
"Provided, That nothing herein contained shall
be construed to vest in the United States any right
of property in the soil, or to affect the rights of in-
dividuals therein, otherwise than the same shall or
may be transferred by such individuals to.the United
States."
According to the literal interpretation of this
provision, it might seem that the protection intended
to be afforded was simply to a right in the soil; but
the whole act, taken together, and the attendant
circumstances, justify a more liberal interpretation,
and extend it to the protection of all private prop-
erty. But, sir, this provision was totally unneces-
sary ; for the fourth and fifth articles of ihe amend-
ments to the Constitution, to which I have referred,
not only protect the citizen in the enjoyment of his
Erivate property against the power of the Federal,
ut the power of the State Governments also; for,
says the Constitution,
" This Constitution, and the laws of the United
States which shall be made in pursuance thereof,
and all treaties made, or which shall be made,
under the authority of the United States, shall be
the supreme law of the land; and the judges in
every State shall be bound thereby, any thing in
the constitution or laws of any State to the con-
trary notwithstanding."
The Legislatures of the States of Virginia and
Maryland had no power to abolish slavery at the
time of the cession; nor could they confer it on the
Federal Government, for the citizens of the District
stood protected by the Constitution against the power
of both. The Constitution, then, has prohibited
both the Federal and State Governments from
violating the rights of private property, except in
the case provided for. Slaves, in the District of
Columbja, are private property; and, consequently,
the Constitution not only does not authorize, but
expressly prohibits its abolition.
But, sir, it is contended that, if Congress has no
power to abolish slavery in the District, it has the
power to suppress what is tauntingly called the
" slave-trade;" and that, upon this ground, abolition
petitions containing this prayer should be received.
This, sir, is a more daring, more unblushing propo-
sition to violate the rights oí private property, il
possible, than the other. The rights of sale and
purchase are necessary incidents to the rights ol
property; and, so long as slaves are regarded as
properly, they must necessarily be subjects of sale
and purchase; and Congress has just as much au-
thority to prohibit the buying and selling of horses;
cattle, cotton, tobacco, and any other species of
property, as the buying and selling of slaves. It is
a social right to acquire and to alien property, and
stands protected by the Constitution. Such an in-
terference would be well worthy the ignorance and
despotism of the dark ages. I do not doubt that, in
the exereise of this right, so far as the sale of slaves
is concerned, there have been abuses—many acts
of cruelty and severity, revolting to'the best feelings
of humanity. But, sir, theseabuses are notconfined
to the relation of master and slave: they have been
sometimes perpetrated in the more endearing rela-
tions of husband and wife, parent and child, master
and apprentice; and I do not doubt that, in the facto-
ries of the North, manysuch have been perpetrated.
(Mr. Cushing here denied that any such abuses
existed in the Northern manufactories.]
Mr. Garland. I do not know, Mr. Speaker, that
there have been, or that there are now, any such
abuses; I have no personal knowledge up>n the
subject; I only speak what I hove read and what I
have heard. The honorable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts resides in the midst of them, and is inti-
mate with them.   Yet, sir, I do not imagine that he
