r
Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
745
26th Cono.......1st Sess.
abolition Petitions—Mr. Mams
H. of Reps.
has been so constantly within all and each of them
as that bo abuses could have been committed with-
out his detection. I therefore repeat that I do not
doubt that many cruel inhumanities have been per-
petrated in those establishments. But, however
much we may lament human depravity, and mourn
over these exhibitions of cruelty and suffering, we
cannot control them by destroying great constitu-
tional rights. We cannot say to a citizen of Mary-
land, you shall not buy property in Virginia; nor
to the citizen of Virginia, you shall not purchase
in Maryland. Such a prohibition would De as ty-
rannical and oppressive as despotism could make
it; and if yon could prohibit the buying and sel ling-
of slaves, by the exercise of the same power you
could prohibit all intercourse between the States, by
prohibiting the buying and selling of their stock,
agricultural productions, and manufactures. Has
the Federal Government such formidable and dan-
gerous power as this 1 If it has, then, sir, we are
more the subjects of an iron despotism than I could
have imagined. But, sir, Congress has no power
to abolish the (so called) " slave trade" in the District
of Columbia.
The gentleman, not being able to find any ex-
pressly delegated authority in the Constitution or
in the acts of cession for the abolition of slavery in
the District of Columbia, attempted to derive it by
inference from the Constitution. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania, (Mr. Biddle,) as well as the
gentleman from Vermont, (Mr. Slade,) contend
that it is derived from the following clause of the
Constitution enumerating the powers of the Con-
gress: "To exercise exclusive legislation, in all
cases whatsoever, over such District (not exceeding
ten miles square) as may, by cession of particular
Slates, become the seat of Government of the United
States, and to exercise like authority over all places
purchased by the consent of the Legislature of the
State in which the same shall be, for the erection of
foils, magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, and other
needful buildings." The words which, it is argued
by the gentlemen, impart this tremendous and un-
qualified power over the people oí the District are,
"loexercise exclusive legislation inaU cases whatso-
ever." Let as analyze for a moment these terms,
and see if they are iairlysusceptible of so exclusive
an interpretation. Does the expression " to exercise
exclusive legislation" impart this unlimited power 1
Certainly not; for the word " exclusive," according
to the most approved lexicographers, merely signi-
fies " having the power of excluding," " debarring
from participation," " opposed to including," " ex-
cepting," and, in the sense employed in this clause
of the Constitution, signifies a power of legislation
exclusive of all other legislative power, but does
not indicate unqualified and unlimited powers of
legislation. Bythecession, Virginiaand Maryland
could nat have imparted such a mass of unlimited
powers,nor could Congress have acquired them at
the time of the cession; the District]was subject to
the legislative jurisdictions of Virginia and Mary-
land; and this provision does no more than exclude
those jurisdictions, and confer it upon Congress.
But it is contended that the words " in all cases
«hatsoever" embrace the whole cirele of legislative
powers, and confer them upon Congress. Can this
be so, Mr. Speaker 1 Do not these few words de-
stroy the whole complexion of the Constitution, and
prostrate at the feet of a despicable, aristocratic des-
potism all ihe constitutional rights and privileges
of the citizens of the District! If this interpretation
be true, it does. Let us examine it, and see if it be
trae. If these words convey this unchecked and
unlimited power of legislation, then are all the bar-
riers oí the Constitution interposed between the Gov-
ernment and the citizen broken down, and the acts
of Congress alone, liable every day to be altered,
amended, or repealed, the only Constitution of the
people of this District. This would of itself be a
sufficient refutation of the argument. But, sir, let
it be remembered that the 4th and 5th anieles which
I have read are articles of the airiended Constitu-
tion, adopted after the ratification of the Constitu-
tion containing this power of " exclusive legislation,"
and are in themselves limitations and restrictions
npon this exclusive power of unlimited legislation,
even if it existed before the adoption of i hese amend-
ments, and are as available to the people of this Dis-
trict as to any other portion of the peop'e of the Un i-
ted States. If, under the wide range of these words,
"exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever," con-
tended for by gentlemen, Congress has power to
abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, it has
power at its discretion to search and seize the per-
sons, houses, papers, and effects of the people of the
District, take from them the right of trial by jury,
aud confiscate their property without compensa-
tion ; for these great rights, these great securities
against tyranny and oppression, are not more strong-
ly secured by the Constitution than the rights of
property in slaves; and if one can be broken down,
so can the other. I call upon gentlemen who main-
tain this claim of wholesale power to point out in
what part of the Constitution these great attributes
of liberty are secured against the power of this Gov-
ernment, by which the right of individual property
is not alike secured. They cannot do it, for the
same articles and the same clauses which secure
the one, secure the other.
But, sir, by way of conclusive illustration of the
truth of my position, let us reverse the case. Sup-
pose, sir, instead of the location of the District here—
for the Constitution makes no location—it had been
made in anon-slaveholding State—Pennsylvania or
New York, for instance; and the people of the South
had petitioned Congress to institute slavery in the
midst of a non-slaveholding people: what would
Pennsylvania's and New Yorkers have saidl
Would this clause of the Constitution have autho-
rized it 1 and would the Representatives from these
States have contended so manfully for the recep-
tion of such petitions'? No, sir, no. The case
would have been altered, and their sentiments would
have been altered, when we were seeking to con-
form their institutions to onrs, instead of their seek-
ing to conform our institutions to theirs. We should
then have heard but little of this immense sweep of
legislative power, and the danger to which the great
right of petition was exposed by refusing to receive
such petitions.
But, sir, the article from which this immense
mass of legislative power is derived, contains with-
in itself its own interpretation, and the motive of
its adoption. In addition to the power of " exclu-
sive legislation" in the District, the power to " ex-
ercise like authority over all places purchased by
the consent of the Legislature of the State in which
the same shall be, for the erection of forts, maga-
zines, arsenals, dock-yards,and other needful build-
ings," is also given; the object of which was to pre-
vent the clashing of National and State jurisdic-
tion, to secure National property against State au-
thority, and the dangerous collisions between Fed-
eral and State authority which might grow out of
it, and not to confer upon the Federal Government
unlimited and despotic power. Sir, gentlemen seem
not to discriminate between the power to regulate
and the power to destroy property. These argu-
ments, Mr. Speaker, 1 think are conclusive that
the words " to exercise exclusive legislation in all
cases whatsoever" do not confer upon Congress the
extraordinary and unlimited powers contended for
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, (Mr. Biddle,)
but that they are limited, by the Constitution itself,
within the bounds prescribed for the action of this
Government.
(Continued on pages 749, 750, 751.)
SPEECH OF MR. ADAMS,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
la the House of Bepresentatives^Jantuiry 22^1840—
On the subject of Abolition Petitioris.
Mr. Adams, of Massachusetts,\pflered tfie follow-
ing :
Resolved, That the following  e /dded to the
standing rules of this House, to b\ /umbered the
21st:
" Every petition presented by the Speaker, or by
any member, with a brief verbal statement of its
contents, shall be received, unless objection be made
to its reception for special reason; and whenever
objection shall be made to the reception of a petition,
the name of the member objecting, and the reason
of the objection, shall be entered upon the journal.
The question in every such case shall be, Shall the
petition be rejected ? and no petition shall be reject-
ed but by a majority of the members present."
' Mr. Adams said it was his intention to detain the
House but for a short period ; indeed, he had been
much inclined to suffer the question on the resolu-
tion, which after many attempts he had at length
succeeded in presenting to the House, to be taken
without debate. The proposition (said Mr. A.) is
a very simple one, and relates to the reception of
petitions presented to this House on any and all
subjects. It is not confined to petitions praying for
the abolition of slavery and the slave-trade in the
District of Columbia; nor to any other of that class
of petitions, commonly known by the name of abo-
lition petitions: a term exceedingly indefinite in
itself, and in regard to which this House has had a
ten-days debate without coming to any understand-
ing as to what is meant by it. I shall not now en-
ter upon that subject at all, nor shall I discuss the
subject of abolition, nor of slavery, nor of the slave-
trade in any form. If I were to do so, I should
think it necessary to enlarge the field very much.
As it is, a vast amount of time has been expended
without coming to an issue of any consequence
whatever to this House or to the country. I say
this, because, on the propositions relating to memo-
rials on abolition, the classes of those memorials
are so very imperfectly defined that no man in this
House knows what memorials would be received,
and what would be rejected, under any of the reso-
lutions which have been offered. To exemplify:
the first class of these memorials pray for the abo-
lition of slavery and of the slave-trade in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. Well, gentlemen have wasted
their eloquence in making constitutional objections
against the reception of such memorials by this
House, contending that Congress has no power to
legislate on that subject. Admit that, (which I do
not,) butsupposing it is a valid reason for the rejec-
tion of all petitions on this subject, there is another
class which pray for the abolition of slavery and
of the slave trade in the Territory of Florida,
What becomes of all these constitutional objections
when the question relates to the Territories 1 That
case presents a different question, and must be met
by a different argument. Supposing, however,
-both these classes of memorials to be included in
your resolution, there is still another class, which
pray that no new State shall be admitted into the
Union whose constitution tolerates the existence
of slavery. Not one of the arguments which we
have supposed valid against the other classes of
petitions applies to this class; and supposing you
to exclude all which relate to slavery in this Dis-
trict or in the Territory, that does not exclude
these, and as soon as one of them shall be present-
ed, the whole subject of slavery and of the slave-
trade will be as completely open to discussion as it
would have been on the other classes of memorials.
A fourth class relates to the admission of the Ter-
ritory of Florida as a slave State. Congress has
the constitutional power to admit or not to admit;
the question then arises, shall Florida be received
or not received 1 And here again is the whole sub-
ject open to discusión. I shall not enter on the
discussion, but I say that these memorials throw
the whole subject open as much as any of those
which have been specified in the resolution under
discussion. But, besides all these, there is another
and a distinct class of petitions, which pray for the
establishment of diplomatic relations with the Re-
public of Hayti. i do riot believe that it is in (he
mind of any gentleman in this House to raise a con-
stitutional question on that subject. It is indispu-
tably in the power of Congress to act on such a
prayer; and when such a memorial shall be brought
up here, the whole subject of slavery and of the
slave trade isas fully open for discussion as it could
have been on a petition praying for the abolition of
slavery in this District. I will not go further; but
I put it to gentlemen who complain of the waste of
time, and of the agitation in the country, occasion-
ed by the reception of abolition memorial's, to in-
quire of themselves, and answer to tbemselves,how
long they think that the discussion of slavery and
of the slave trade can be excluded from this House"!
I ask whether they expect to suppress that discus-
sion here, by refusing to receive petitions for the
abolition of slavery irUhe District of Columbia 1
Supposing a resolution passes that petitions on this
specific Subject shall be excluded, you do not get
rid of the general subject; it goes further. I ask,
again, is there here any individual who has the
slightest fear of any member rising in his place and
offering a resolution to abolish slavery and the
slave-trade in the District of Columbia 1 I wish
they would only allow it to be done, that they may
see what number of votes can be obtained in sup-
port of such a proposition. I say this in kindness
to the South; if their object is to put down petitions
of that character, I do in my conscience believe
that the first thing they should do is to admit them
to be presented. If, out of the whole two hundred
and forty votes, such a measure receives ten,I shall
be much surprised. As to myself, I have long ago
professed my belief on the subject. From the time
that I first entered this House, (which is now, I
think, between eight and nine years,) I have always
