746                                     APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
26th Cono>«««1st Sess.
abolition Petitions—Mr. Adams.
H. of Repg.
declared that I am not prepared for the immediate
abolition of slavery in this District; and since the
adjournment of the last Congress I have explicitly
and publicly ax-owed my sentiments on that matter
to the very" petitioners who pray for it, and who
have sent ine their memorials to be presented here.
With the exception ot my friend lrom Vermont,
over the way, (Mr. Slade,) who, I am obliged to
believe, is prepared for such a measure, I do not
know another gentleman in this House who I think
would go for it. There may be many others; I do
not say there are not; but Ido not myself know of
one, nor do I believe that ten votes could be got for
such a proposition in this House. And even my
friend from Vermont himself, whose able argument
against slavery, delivered last week, was not as
much attended to in this House as it will be by this
nation—tven he, who, I believe, once offered to in-
troduce a bill for that object, declared to us, in that
argument, that abolitionists generally attributed far
more importance to the measure than he himself
did. I take it for granted that he would vote for
such a measure; but I think it at the same time ex-
tremely likely that, when the House came to be di-
vided, he would find himself in the " glorious mi-
nority of one." I say again to gentlemen of the
South, If you want|peace, if your object is to allay
agitation, if you want to see what is the real opin-
ion of the Representatives of the North, be they
Whigs or Administration men, offer yourselves, or
get some one else to offer, a resolution for the im-
mediate abolition of slavery in this District, and
call the yeas and nays upon it; then you will un-
derstand what is our feeling on that subject, and
what is the feeling of our constituents. As matters
now staBd, we often hear one of the gentlemen of
the South speak our own opinions more nearly
than any one from the North. 1 believe that this
is true in most cases. But what I now say is, that
yon eannct suppress a discussion on slavery by sup-
pressing petitions for its abolition in this District;
and what 1 say of one class of petitions, I say of
them all. I have now in my drawer not less than
a hundred and fifty of them, waiting till we shall
be allowed an opportunity to present them to the
House; and I will here say that I think these pe-
titioners have ground to inquire of this House
how it happened that, while the reception of peti-
tions is pre eminently and most emphatically the
business of this House, we have been fifty days in
session, and vet the Representatives from only two
Slates have been permitted to present the petitions
of their constituents. 1 have petitions of great im-
portance on other subjects, entirely distinct from
abolition, which I am waiting to present here; but
I cannot, because this, question is now brought up,
and the House is openly ealled upon to suppress the
right of petition; and we are here debating, from
day to day, about excluding one petty class of pe-
titions relating to an object for which none would
vote if they were received. I hope to be discharg-
ed from the responsibility of consuming the time of
the House on such a matter as this. I have been
charged with it. The House has been heretofore
debating for weeks, and I have been most unjustly
charged with it all, but I cannot be charged with it
now. I say to this House and to this nat.on, that I
have no part of theblame. Who is the responsible
person upon a debate which has occupied eight or
ten days * On the 30th of December, almost im-
mediately after the House was organized, (or ra-
ther, let me say, organized in part, for we are not
more than half organized to this hour,) a gentle-
man from Virginia, (Mr. Wise,) whom I am sorry
not to see in his place, and for the cause of whose
absence I am still more sorry, presented a resolu-
tion which 1 believe is identically the same with
that now beiore the House. He presented it out
of order—contrary to the rules ; so that he was
obliged to move that the rules be suspended for its
introduction; but he could not carry that motion.
There was the first step in this matter. At that
time not a single petition had yet been presented.
There was the beginning of this debate. The next
dsy he renewed his motion, and it again failed.
The gentleman then gave notice to the House that
he would renew the same motion every day of the
session till the object should be. granted. I thought
at that time that it was not in order to repeat a
proposition which had once been rejected, but the
Chair ruled otherwise. The gentleman, however,
thought better of the matter, as most of us ought to
do in regard to what we often say in the heat of
debate, and he did not renew his motion; but, not
satisfied with the stoppage which had thus been
put to an exciting debate, a colleague of the gen-
tleman (Mr. Coles) offered another resolution on
the same subject, in these words:
" All petitions, memorials, and papers touching
the abolition of slavery, or the buying, selling, or
transferring of slaves in any State, District, or
Territory of the United States, shall, upon their
presentation, be laid on the table without being
debated, printed, read, or referred; and no further
action whatever shall be had thereon."
There was this difference between the two pro-
positions : The proposition of the latter gentleman
did not make the question of reception the issue;
that of the other gentleman (which is the proposi-
tion now before the House) did make the question
of reception the issue. The one proposed to hang
up between heaven and earth the question of recep-
tion, so that nobody should know whether abolition
memorials were received or not; and we had an
edifying debate on that very, question, in the course
of which 1 recollect that an astute gentleman from
Kentucky (Mr. Underwood) said that his vote, for
or against the resolution, would depend on that
point; but that, as the resolution stood, he could
not tell whether the memorials were received or
not. [Laughter.] I say, sir, the question of re-
ception was suspended between eauh and heaven,
or between earth and------another  place.   [Loud
laughter.] The resolution now before us does not
leave the question of reception in that extraordi-
nary predicament; it is framed in such a manner
that, according to a decision made by your prede-
cessor in that chair, (Mr. Speaker Polk,) the fact
of the reception of the memorials is established;
for that precise question was brought to him in
regard, to the same proposition now before us,
and which was adopted by the last Congress. I
say the question was then specifically made, whether
petitions, under the effect of that rule, were or
were not received by the House; and the then
Speaker of the House decided that they were. I
presume, therefore, that all the abolition memori-
als then presented remain still on file in the Clerk's
office. Well, this second preposition (Mr. Coi.es's)
again failed, because two-thirds of the House were
not willing to receive it; but then came the self-
same proposition in the form of an amendment to
a report of the Committee on the Revised Rules of
Order; and that is the position of it at this time.
We are now discussing it as an amendment to the
rules of this House, and in that form it did not re-
quire a vote of two-thirds to introduce it. It was
therefore received and discufsed, and, after dis-
cussion, was laid on the table by a majority of the
House. Still, I say that the whole diseussio i, in
all its forms, has taken place by the agency of gen-
tlemen representing the southern portion of this
Union ; andp whatever agitation the discussion
may have produced either in or out of the House,
lies at their door, not at ours—especially not at
mine, for 1 have taken no part in it, unless it has
been fur the last eight or ten days to worry the
Speaker every morning till I could get my resolu-
tion before the House.    [A laugh.]
I shall not now enter on the great and wide ques-
tion of slavery or the slave-trade in any State, Dis-
trict, Territory, dominion, or nation on the face of
the globe. The subject is too large. I hope the
day will come when I shall have an opportunity of
delivering my opinions on that whole subject, but I
assure gentlemen that I shall not attempt it on a
little pettv resolution about the reception of peti-
tions. There are ways enough to get at the sub-
ject. I could bring it into this House to-morrow.
I can tell gentlemen that it will come upon this
House in forms very different from this; and, to
give the House a piece of my mind, I think it ought
to have been before this House already. It should
have formed one of the topics of the President's
message. Here are at this moment-four Stales of
this Union on the verge of civil war, avowedly on
this very subject; and we see no more mention of it
in the essagc, than if those States were in the
moon. Do gentlemen from Virginia, from New
York, from Georgia, from Maine, from New Hamp-
shire, expect that this question is not to come before
Congress?—that it will not be discussed here in
all its breadth and length and depth7 Very well,
gentlemen—go on—to sleep and to slumber; but
remember you will be waked from your sleep by
voices more than from the dead. I say again, to
gentlemen of the North, and gentlemen of the
South, you cannot keep, that discussion out of this
House; and you will soon give up trying to do so,
i
by passing small resolutions about abolition peti-
tions.
And now, having discharged myself, and those
with whom I act, lrom all the responsibility of this
debate, I will relieve the South also from all res-
ponsibility—at least so far as moral principle goes—
by rendering to them here my public thanks for
having opened the question. I believe the time
thus far cunsumed in that discussion has been time
well spent. We have listened to speeches of great
ability on both sides; we have heard slavery de-
fended by all that can be said in its defence, and
the cause of freedom advocated—I will not say by
all that can be said in its behalf—but at least by
something. The reserve has been all on that side.
Indeed, I do not think that any gentleman has
attempted formally to contend for it, but ray friend
from Vermont (Mr. Sl\de.) All the speeches I
have heard, save one by the gentleman behind me,
(Mr. Granger,) have been on the other side. Gen-
tlemen from the North have shown us how far they
can go in supporting the rights of the South. That
has been the subject; that has been the argument.
They have been arguing the cause of slavery,
although they are the Representatives only of free-
men. The cause of freedom, in all its power, has
not even been touched, save by the gentleman from
Vermont; and even by him rather in the way of
apology for the unfortunate abolitionists, than by
appeals to the laws of God, the laws of Nature, anil
the Declaration of Independence. When the gen-
eral subject comes to be discussed, I trust that it
will be argued on those grounds; that we shall not
merely attempt to apologize for a certain class of
petitioners, but that the appeal will be to the laws
of God, the laws of Nature, and the Declaration of
Independence made by the original thirteen States
of this Union, among whom I can bring gentlemen
high and illustrious names from Virginia, from
Georgia, and from South Carolina. That is the
ground that will be taken by the defenders of free-
dom. But I will not now enter into that question.
The resolution I now offer refers simply to the rules
of the House ; that is the subject we are discussing.
[Mr. CoorER, of Georgia, here interposed and
begged leave to correct the honorable gentleman in
one particular. The gentleman had made one
broid remark, which might seem to cover Mr. C.
It was, that all had been said in this debate which
could be said in defence of slavery. Mr. C. dis-
avowed having entered upon the general question
of slavery at all: he had only endeavored to defend
those who held property in slaves under the Con-
stitution.]
Mr. Adams resumed. I did not understand the
honorable gentleman otherwise. I did not mean
to say more than that he thus defined the Constitu-
tion as making property of human beings. That
is what I call slavery. But the question is now on
the rules; and the immediate question before the
House is on the resolution moved by the gentleman
from South Carolina, in these words :
" Resolved, That, upon the presentation of any
memorial or petition praying for the abolition of
slavery or the slave-trade in any District, Teiritory,
or State of the Union, and upon the presentation of
any resolution or other paper touching that subject,
the reception of such memorial, petition, resolution,
or paper shall he considered as objected to; and the
question of its reception shall be laid on the table,
without debate or further action thereon."
This is identically the same resolution which
was offered by the first gentleman from Virginia,
(Mr. Wise,) and which seems intended to get rid of
the question oí reception by suspending it between
the two parts of the universe I referred to, leaving it
utterly uncertain whether these petitions are receiv-
ed by the House ornot. That, of itself, is objection
enough to me; and I will say,for a high-minded chev-
alier, which I consider the gentleman from South
Carolina (Mr. Thompson) to be, as brave andgal-
lant as Bayard, without fear and without reproach,i t
seems to me a very small way of getting rid of the
question, lo hang it np between those two places.
He will not say, reject it; no. He will not say,
receive it; no. He will not reject it or receive it,
but lay the question of reception on the table; so
that neither this House, nor the Clerk, nor the
world, shall know whether it is received or not.
It seems to me that it would be more bold, open,
and candid, and better becoming the gentleman, to
say one thing or the other: yet I will say the same
thing in regard to the gentleman from Virginia,
(Mr. Wise") which I have said of the gentleman
from South Carolina, (Mr. Thompson.)   I highly
