Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
747
26th Cons....1st Siss.
Jibolilion Petitions—Mr. Mams.
H. of Reps.
respect him. I believe him to be an honest, fair,
open-hearted, open-mouthed man; [laughter;] and
I respect and honor him for it. Sir, I am a Yankee,
and Yankees are said to be famous for their trick-
ery in public dealing. How that may be, I do not
know; but to me it seems that this resolution as well
deserves the character of a " wooden nutmeg" as
if it had come from the acutest of Yankee pedlars.
[Loud laughter.] I know that neither of these
gentlemen would ever have proposed to dispose ot
the question in this way, if they had not found, from
experience, that they could not get rid of these
abolition memorials in a manner more agreeable to
them. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wise)
is for rejecting them at once—for refusing to re-
ceive them, and for openly saying so to the world.
Where the expedient of hanging up the question of
reception came from. I do not know ¡ I hope It did
not come from Yankee land. [A voice. Yes it did ;
it came from New Hampshire.] Well, wherever
it came from, I -wash my hands of it. That is the
proposition, however, on which the House will be
called to vote by yeas and nays, if they reject mine
that is the proposition on which the previous que s
lion was called yesterday, and it failed but by a
single vote; and 1 say that, if Southern gentlemen
declare themselves to be ashamed of it, I hope they
will vote against it.
Now, sir, I will state to the House why I propose
lhat myresolution shall be entered as the 21st rule
of the House.
The 20th rule declared—
" As soon as the Journal is read, the Speaker
shall call for petitions from the members of each
State, and delegates from each Territoiy, begining
with Maine and the Territory of Wiskonsin, alter-
nately; and if, on any day, the whole of the States
and Territories shall not be called, the Speaker
shall begin on the next day where he left off the
previous day: provided that, afler the first thirty
days of the session, petitions shall not be received,
except on the first day of the meeting of the House
in each week."
And the 21st rule, which now immediately fol-
lows it, provides—
" The petitions having been presented and dis-
posed of, reports from committees shall be called
for and disposed of; in doing which, the Speaker
shall call upon each standing committee, in the
order they are named in the 70th and 98th rules; and
when all the standing committees have been called
on, then it shall be the duty of the Speaker to call
for reports from select committees; if the Speaker
shall not get through the call upon the commitees
before the House passes to other business, he shall
resume the next call where he left off. Resolutions
shall then be called for in the same order, and
disposed of by the same rules, which apply to peii-
tions: provided that no member shall offer more
than one resolution, or one series of resolutions, all
relating to the same subject, until all the States and
Territories shall have been called."
1 would place mine between the two; and here,
as a justification for my extreme anxiety on the
subject of the right of petition, I will ask the atten-
tion of the House to the order of business which
these rules establish. What is it? The very first
business in order is to receive petitions; and this
regulation dates from the beginning of the Govern-
ment. There is a reason for it. What is Govern-
ment instituted for, but to redress the grievances of
the people\ What is the object of all government 1
What are we here for ? What is the Constitution
for? Why does Congress meet every year, if not
for the redress of grievances ? All else is of sub-
ordinate importance. The appropriation bills are
very important for the conducting of the Govern-
ment, and for performing its duties of justice to the
people. But what else have we to do but to redress
grievances? It is therefore just and reasonable
that the first thing the House does should be to in-
qaire what grievancesare to be redressed. But how
can we know this, unless the people tell ns ? The
right of petition, therefore, is essential to the very
existence of government: it is the right of the
people over the Government: it is their right, and
they may not be deprived of it. I presume it will
be admitted here, so thoroughly is this the fact, that
if that amendment of the Constitution by which
Congress are prohibited from interfering with the
right of petition had not been adopted, the right
would nevertheless have existed just as really as it
Bow does. The amendment insisting on its preser-
vation was adopted at the instance of the great and
floriona Old Dominion.   It was inserted then, not
to confer the right, but to secure it against violation
by Congres?. Will any man say that the right to
petition Government would not exist, unless written
down in the Constitution ? It is interwoven with
the nature of Government itself; it does not belong
to a republic alone, or to a monarchy, or to an
aristocracy, but is common to them all. The
greatest despot on the globe is compelled to receive
petitions from his meanest subject. The Grand
Turk never rides out but he is besieged with peti-
tions, and he is obliged to receive them all. Hol-
ding, then, thatthis right is founded in the immortal
nature of man, who petitions his Maker, I am
against all abridgment of it. But, color it as you
please, the resolution of the gentleman from South
Carolina does abridge this right; for, if you say
that you will not receive certain petitions, or if you
will not tell whether you receive them or not, I
say it is the same thing, in the result, as if you re-
jected those petitions. And when this is done, not
in regard to one petition, or twenty petitions, but to
a whole class of petitions, without distinct specifi-
cation, it amounts to the exercise of an arbitrary
discretion in this House whether the House will
receive any petition or not. I say you cannot spe-
cify any one class of excluded petitions without
claiming the right of extending your interdict to all
other classes of them.
A very luminous illustration of this is tobe found
in the practice of the British House of Commons.
I remember that, at the last session, the practice of
that House was adduced here to justify the refusal
of abolition petitions, and we had long arguments
to show that there was a discretion in this House
as to the reception of petitions, because there was
such a discretion in the House of Commons. There
is such a discretion in that House, but it extends to
one class of petitions only; there is one class which
the House of Commons does not receive. When a
petition of this class is presented, if objection is
made, the petition is refused to be received. I do
not, of course, when I say one class, refer to peti-
tions which contain insulting language and are
disrespectful to the Government. Nobody pretends
that petitions of this description ought to be received
by any legislative body; that fact alone is a valid
reason ibr their rejection; but, besides these,
there is one class, and one only, which the House
oí Commons excludes, and those are petitions
against taxation. The House of Commons, being
a taxing machine, cannot bear to hear petitions
against the exercise of its taxing power. If any
gentleman will take the trouble to look into Hat-
sell's Book of Precedents, he will rind, that when
the petitions of the people of America against the
stamp act were presented rin Parliament, this
rule was applied to them, and they were accordingly
not received. There is another instance recorded
of the same kind: it is a petition to tlife King from
the first Congress of the United States. The King
referred it to the House of Commons: the petition
itself may be found in the journals of the old Con-
gress : it was addressed to the King in 1775, and
Sir George Saville, it is said, offered to present the
petition, (much of the style of some entries made
here, of late years, in our Journals.) The name
of Sir George Saville is well known as the friend
of liberty. It is an historical name, venerable in
his native country as it is throughout the civilized
world. This gentleman, it is said, "offered to pre-
sent the pe ition of persons styling themselves
Representatives of the People of the North Ameri-
can Colonies." Objection was made, and an argu-
ment ensued which I should be glad to read if there
was time to do so. It is the very argument which
we now hear in this House. It prevailed then and
there. And the petition of our Representatives was
in consequence rejected And these, sir, are the
precedents from the House of Commons which
were openly adduced in this House (and I do not
know but thev may be adduced again) to prove the
right of the House to refuse abolition petitions!
Now, to apply this to my argument. If this House,
on the force of these precedents, is justified in the
principle that it may reject abolition petitions, I ask
if the same precedent is not much more powerful,
and still more in point, if applied to petitions which
relate to the tariff? The parallel would then run
on all fours. Then the precedent of the House of
Common? would be of authority. If it has any
force in the one class of petitions, it has still more
in relation to the other. I ask gentlemen from the
North, and gentlemen from the South, are you
ready to reject petitions against duties imposed for
the revenue 1   The rule includes the resolutions
ii
of State Legislatures. I repeat, that if you can re-
ject abolition memorials because the House of Com-
mons rejects memorials against taxes, you can re-
ject petitions against all taxation; and the precedent
is of stronger authority. If you can do it in rela-
tion to one class, you can do it in relation to any
other class; and if you can do it in relation to the
petitions of whole classes of individuals, you can
do it to the petition of any one individual. Nay,* I
think I heard it expressly argued here, that the
right of petition is not infringed when you reject a
single petition, because the Constitution says that
the people have a right to " assemble" to petition
Congress for a redress of grievances. So there
must be an assembly of the people, or else the re-'
jection of their petitions is not unconstitutional! I
say that argument will apply precisely. If once
you admit the principle that the House'has a dis-
cretionary power to reject petitions, the question
will at last be mide here, whether the petitioner is-
of the politics of the majority or of the minority.
That will be the next step; and when that step is
taken, what will have become of the right of peti-
tion?
One objection I have to the resolution of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina is, that it is a novelty,
and that in two respects. Heretofore, to my extreme
grief, sorrow, and, I would add, indignation, if that
were of any avail, this House, during the four or
five sessions last past, has sanctioned the recep-
tion of abolition memorials, and has then ordered
them to lie on the table without being read, printed,
or acted on in any way. That measure I consider
as another wooden nutmeg; it is an expedient to
get rid of the consideration of these memorials, and
yet to escape the odium of refusing to receive them.
That is a distinction of great power with some
Northern gentlemen. Ii you only receive the me-
morial, they are satisfied; no matter whether you
ever read it or look it again. But they will never
refuse to receive a petition! Oh, no, sir! But
they will not hear them read. That is the argu-
ment of one class of reasonérs. Still this was
something. And, since the question has been up,
we have twice had the precise question of reception
put to the House, and the yeas and nays called upon
it. In examining those yeas and nays, I find that
the very distinguished gentleman from New York,
over the way, (Mr. Vanderpoel,) who is ready thus
sternly to suspend the question, did vote for recep-
tion. Well, sir, every man has his own system of
logic. For my own part, I thank no gentleman,
either in the name of these petitioners or in my
own-name, for receiving their petitions, and then
laying them on the table without being read. Nay,
sir, to me it is insignificant whether they are read
or not, unless they are considered. It is the right
of the petitioner, apd the duty of this'House, that,
when i petition is presented-to it, the House should
inform itself what that petition contains—should
then consider, and then answer it. As the practice
of the British House of Commons has been visited
cm us in debate, and is likely to be again, I will
read from Haisell:
"We learn, from an examination of all these in-
stances, that this practice has been confined, as it
ought to be most strictly, to the refusing to receive
such petitions only as object against a tax which
the House of Commons is imposing for the current
service of the year; and that it has never been ap-
plied to petitions which have been offered in a sub-
sequent session, desiring a repeal or reconsideration
of the taxes imposed in a former. Indeed, the
House ought to be particularly cautious not to be
over rigid in extending this rule beyond what the
practice of their ancestors, in former times, can
justify. To receive and hear and consider the pe-
titions of their fellow-subjects, when presented de-
cently, and containing no matter intentionally of-
fensive to the House, is a duty incumbent upon
them, antecedent to all rules and orders that may
have been instituted for their own convenience:
justice and the laws of their country demand it from
them."
This is the comment of Hatsell; and is there any
discovery in that? Is it not a dictate of common
sense ? "When you assume the right of petition,
does not that right, in all sound logic and in all
moral principle, carry with it the duty to receive,
hear, and consider petitions? If not, then is the
guaranty of that right the greatest of mockery 1
This House says to an American citizen, "O yes!
you have certainly the right to petition, but I will
neither read, hear, nor consider your petition when
you send it."   Sir, what difference is there between
