748
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1140.
26th Cong.......1st Se s.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Adams.
H. of Reps.
saying this, and telling the man at once you have
not the right to petition usl You only cheat the
man by a false pretence, while you give him a right
which you take care shall be of no avail. This is
the objection I have to all resolutions which refuse
the hearing of petitions. This House should speak
the language of a great and generous nation; it
should deal with the people in a fair, open, and
candid way; and it is not so dealing to say to them,
We will receive your petitions, but we will not
consider them. If you refuse to hear and consider,
as well as to receive, you do in substance deny the
right to petition. Sir, decent language will not
•express what you do. It is conduct that would be
unworthy of a single individual, and is-vaslly more
so of the Representatives of this great and mighty
nation.
I have already stated the substance of another
objection to the resolution—namely, that it will not
answer its purpose. If you succeed in rejecting all
these memorials, you have not thereby got rid of
the question. You will have the question of slavery
and of abolition forced upon you every day; you can-
not keep it out of the House; and, if you persevere,
you will, before you are aware of it, have a civil
war raging, while you are excluding the on ly means
that can put an end to it.
I have not taken up, neither will I, the corres-
pondence between the Governors of Virginia and
New York, and between the Governors of Georgia
and Maine, presenting, as it does, a state of things
on which the House at this moment ought, in my
opinion, to be deliberating. What is the substance
oi this correspondence! It is a difference of opin-
ion as to the interpretation of the Constitution.
They discuss that difference with great ability on
bo:h sides, but they come to no agreement. The
Governor of Virginia says that the Governor of
New York must give up the point, or------
[At this point Mr. Adams was arrested by the
Chair, and it was declared not in order to discuss
this correspondence.
Mr. Adams. Others have spoken of it without
being rebuked.
Chair. It cannot be done but by consent of the
House.
Mr. Cooper, of Georgia. I have no objection to
the gentleman's proceeding, so far as New York
and Virginia are concerned; but when he comes to
Georgia, I give notiee that 1 shall object.
A Voice.   You yourself alluded to the subject,
Mr. Cooper.   Yes, but I was" called to order.
Mr. Waddy Thompson. The gentleman from
Massachusetts is strictly in order, and I hope he
will be allowed to proceed. The question must
come up.
Cries of "Goon! Goon!"]
• I was going to observe that, in Ihe last sentence
of this correspondence, the Governor of Virginia
declares that, unless the Governor of New York
recedes from his posilion, either there must be an
amendment of the Constitution, or Virginia must
recur to first principles and take her rights into her
own hands. I pretend not to give the precise words,
but that is the substance. Now, I enter not into
this question. I said I would not. Iasknotwhich
is right—the Governor of New York or the Governor
of Virginia; but here is a State which is in popu-
lation and in wealth the first in the Union, and in
intelligence equal to any oiher; and here is another
State, equally distinguished in this Union, equally
respected and beloved by me; both are at that point
with each other as sovereign States. I ask how
long this question is to be kept out of this House 1
I have named four States, but there are also two
other States, of most respectable character, who
were recently in the same condition, and who ne-
gotiated between themselves and agreed upon some
soi t of a compromise. The compromise may prove
satisfactory, though I doubt it. Tke principle in
. question was as much contested between these
States, as between Georgia and Maine; and to-
morrow Massachusetts and South Carolina may be
in the same condition. Sir, there are no two Stales
in the Union—one of them slaveholding, and the
other not—which may not be in that condition from
day to day. And are we to continue under a stale
of things, progressing, as such a state of things
naturally does, and must, from words to action 1
For I take it for granted that the Governor of Vir-
ginia is no bully; that he did not expect to frighten
the Empire State* by his message. Suppose ihese
two great States were to come to action; is that a
a subject to be kept out of this House 1 No, sir; it
cannot be; and therefore I say that the proposition
of the gentleman from South Carolina is small and
paltry. Nor is that of the gentleman from Virginia
any better. I do not attribute the fault to those
gentlemen; it lies in the nature of the thing itself—
it is fanning the sun with a peacock's feather to
make it cool. The resolution will not answer its
purpose, and its only effect will be to agitate and
vex a number of petitionee as respectable as any
others in the Union. It cannot suppress the discus-
sion of the subject. I say, again, I thank the gen-
tlemen of the South for having opened that discus-
sion fully. I do uot conceive that the eight or ten
days expended in ihe debate have been lost time;
much has been said that will be considered. Such
discussion has a tendency to bring the parties to-
gether, not to alienate them. Let us say what we
have to say. Say what you have to say, and then
we must come to some compromise, which is re-
quired on both sides. This has been done before;
it was done in the Convention which formed the
Constitution. The discussion was as heating then
as it is now; yet they came to an understanding—
they agreed upon a compromise. It is true, they
were obliged to resort to a little external interference
by prayer for it, (and I should be glad we did the
same now, and that we had a Chaplain to perform
the duty ;) still the two parties came together, and
they have kept together for fifty years. Do gentle-
men from the South believe that, by excluding
these memorials, tkey will ever convert our pe-
titioners 1 Do you believe if? Do you expect to
bring them to 'your terms 1 I heard two of the
gentlemen yesterday say that, as to slavery, they
shoald not discuss it; they had nothing to say about
it; and so says the Governor of Virginia. And
what does the Governor of New York say in reply 1
I did not ask^you to discuss it; I did riot put it in
issue. So we say now. Gentlemen of the South,
we do not interfere with you and your institutions.
Keep your institutions! Cherish them! Hold them
for blessing! We shall not disturb either your
creed or your practice; but on subjects in which
we are as much interested as you, and when the
matter has come to a question of peace or war,
freemen can stand upon their rights as well as
the holders of slaves. When Jove appeals to his
thunder, the fable tells us that Jove is wrong. Why
will you not discuss this question 1 Do you fear
the argument 1 If not, why do you refuse to enter
into it'? If you are so firm, so confident, so im-
movably resolute, why will you not speak! I call
upon you to speak ; explain, this subject to us who
do not understand it. Show us the " blessings" of
this institution. Let us look at them. I believe
some of you think that slavery is a blessing which
we ought to take to ourselves. If so, give us your
reasons; show us how it will be for our interest,
and how it ctn be made to conform to our sense of
duty. Perhaps we shall come round; who knows
but you may convert us"? [A laugh.] I do not re-
sist; I am open to conviction.   Suppose you try it.
The Governor of Virginia, when he puts on his
armor, and clothes himself in complete steel, cries,
" I am ready to fight on the question;" and so say
the gentleman from South Carolina and the gentle-
man from Virginia; but I beg leave to say to them
that the lone of defiance is not the tone to make
peace. No; defend your own institutions as you
think proper; if they are assailed by violence/de-
fend them by violence; but if not, I say to those sren-
tlemen, come and let us reason together; let us have
a cool, dispassionate comparison of opinion. That
is my wish; that, I think, is the true course.
But the proposition of the gentleman from South
Carolina goes, in two particulars, further than ever
this House has gone before. Heretofore, the House,
by special resolution, has declared that memorials
shall be received and laid on the table without
reading, but the effect of the resolution has always
been confined to that particular session in which it
has passed. |But now here is a step forward in the
process of rejecting petitions; the petitions are not
received, but the question of their reception is sus-
pended. That is one step. Then the resolution,
instead of applying to this session only, is proposed
as a standing rule of the House. Of course, it will
extend through two sessions si least, and, by the
ordinary practice which has hitherto prevailed, of
adopting the rules of order of a previous session,
the rule will, in fact, become, in some respects, a
permanent law of the House. On both these grounds
I object to it; and I call the attention of the House
to an observation of/he gentleman from Rhode
Island, (Mr. Th.linghast,) which struck me when
it was made with peculiar force.   These petitions
are addressed to the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives—to the whole Congress. The peti-
tioners have as much right to go before the Senate
as before the House of Representatives. If you in-
terrupt the progress of their petition by refusing to
receive it, or, still more, by suspending the question
of its reception, you deprive them of their privilege
of going before the Senate. It is a double violation
of their right of petition. I know it may be said
that the petitioners are at liberty to present another
copy of their memorial to the Senate. That is true;
but if you suspend the question of reception, you
deprive them, in effect, just as much; for, let them
present their memorials as they will to the Senate,
when they come to the House, here is the rule; for
under this resolution I suppose you will not receive
a bill from the Senate on the subject of abolition,
any more than you will receive a petition. I say,
then, that you deprive a whole class of petitioners,
and that the hrgest class of any in the country, of
all hearing not only in this House, but in the Senate
also.
Now my proposition is very simple.   It is this:
Resolved, That the following be added to the
standing rules of this House, to be numbered the 21st:
" Every petition presented by the Speaker, or by
any member, with a brief verbal statement of its
contents, shall be received, unless objection be made
to its reception for special reason; and whenever
objection shall be made to the reception of a peti-
tion, the name of the member objecting, and the
reason of the objection, shall be entered upon the
journal. The question in every such case shall be,
Shall the petition be rejected? and no petition shall
be rejected, but by a majority of the members
present."
It will be observed that this resolution, if adopted,
does not specify in what manner the petitions shall
be treated after they are received. I say this by
way of answering a large portion of the gentlemen
on the other side, who wasted a vast deal of argu-
ment by putting supposed cases of the presentation
of absurd and unconstitutional petitions. I do not
deny the right of the House to refuse to receive a
petition when it is first presented; but I wish all
petitions to be received, unless their reception is
specially objected to. What shall be done with
ihem afterwards, is for the House, to determine.
What I want to settle is¡ the principle that the
right of petition includes within it the right of hav-
ing petitions received, unless special objection ex-
ists against it; and to show whether this is the
case, I reqnire the name of the person objecting
and the reasons of the objection to be entered on
the'journals of the House. Now it is possible for
the House to adopt this resolution, and yet to pass
another that the petitions, when received, shall
neither be read nor considered. But if the House
shall adopt this resolution, I confess that it is my
impression that there is not a man in this House
who will be willing to record as the ground of his
objection to its being received, that it is an abolition
petition. There may be some—there maybe many;
but I believe that, if the question of reception is
put to the House, they cannot get a majority to
vote against it.
I do not believe that there is a man here who is
willing to have such a thing go upon the record in
a single case; and if there is—there may be many
for aught I know—but if there is, put the question
o the decision of the House, and see how the ma-
jority will go. I do not believe that you can get a
majority for it, if there is a man that would move
it; and lor this reason : by receiving a petition, you
decide nothing, and I was willing to put upon the
record my acknowledgment of the right of the
House to reject petitions. I fully and freely admit
it; but I say it must be done for a special reason,
which must be assigned on the journal, to go before
the world—before posterity; and if there is a gen-
tleman here who would not scruple at putting his
name to such an objection on the journal, I will
answer for it that in twenty years hence he and his
children would blush to see his name with such an
addition to it, come he from the North or the South,
or where he may. If you adopt my resolution, you
only settle the principle that all petitions shall be
received, unless a special objection, which is to be
entered on the journal, shall be made; and thea
that there shall be a special vote upon it by the
House. Rely upon it, that, if this resolution passes,
you will hear no more objections, not only to the
reception of the petition, but to its reference; to
the hearing it; to considering it, which is as much
the duty of the House as to receive it.   I am willing
