750
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Co o««-1st Skss.
abolition Petition —Mr. Garland of Va.
Jan. 1840.
H. of Heps.
mont that the adoption of this íesolution would ex-
clude all petitions or papers touching the subject of
slarery in any form, and about which the power of
Congress is undoubted. He says that petitions,
memorials, or other papers seeking a tnoditication
of the laws tor the recov cry of fugitive slave's would
be excluded. The gentleman ismwaken, the reso-
lution, m exprcs> terms, reler- to all petitions, me-
morials, cr other papers touching the abolition of
slavery and the slave-trade—terms whic i cannot
exclude any papers of the description referred to by
ihe gentleman So that this objection is abounded,
for that is the specific subject referred to, and the
resolution embraces nothing else Whether this I
resolution is incorporated into the standing rules of
the House, or stands as an ordinary resolution, is
not matenal a  to its etlect, fir the mies onl_\ bind
the present Congress, and this inav be hereafter
omitted U it should be deemed exped ent to do so.  ]
Mr Speaker, the honorable gentleman from Ver-
mont has charged upon the slave States that they
treed slaves tor the market as they do horses, cat-
tle, or swine. He calls them, sir,""slure Inciters "
I had hoped, Mr. Speaker, that there could not
have been found a representative of the American
people upon the fljor of the American Congress
who would have repeated that ba^e slander of that
prince of demagogues, Dan el O'Connell—a man
whose very name should be execrated by every
friend of h,s country, the union of the States, and
the liberties of the people
[Mr. Slide explained, and read in proof of his
assertions the following extracts from the speeches
of Messrs. Thomas J Randolph and James H.
Gholson, in the Legislature of Yirc; nia, and a
pamphlet of T. R. Dew, Esq., a distinguished pro-
lessor in William and Mary Co'lege
"In the Legislature of this State, in 1832, Thomas
Jefferson Randolph declared that Vuginia had been
converted into 'one grand menagerie, where men
are reared for the market like oxen for the sham-
bles.' Thi> same gentleman thus compared the
foreign with the domestic traffic 'The trader [Af-
rican] receives the slaves, a stranger in aspect,
language, and manner, lrom the merchant who
brought him from the interior. But A-vt, sir, indi-
viduals whom the master Las known from infancy
—whom he has seen sporting in the innocent gam-
bols of childhood—who ha\ e been accustomed to
look to him for protection—he tears from Ins moth-
er's arms, and sells into a strange country, among a
strange people, subject to cruel task masters. In
my opinion, it is much woTse."
"Mr. Gholson, of Virginia, in his speech in the
Legislature of that State, Janmry IS, 1831, [see
Richmond Wmg,] says ' The legal maxim ol par-
tus seqi.ilur venlrem is coeval with the existence of
the rights of property itself, and is founded in wis-
dom and justice. It is only on the justice and in-
violability of this maxim that the master foregoes
the service of the female slave, has her nursed and
attended during the period of her gestation, and
raises the helpless and infant offspring The value
of the property justifies the expense, and I do not
hesitate to say thai, in its increase, consists much
of our wealth.'"
" Professor Dew, now president of the College of
William and Mary, Virginia, in his review ol the
debate in the Virginia Legislature, 1831-'3<?, speak-
ing of the revenue arising from the trade, sajs
'A full equivalent being thus left in the place of the
slave, this immigration becomes an advantage to
the State, and does not check the blat'n population
as much as at first view we might imag .«, because
it furnishes every inducement to the master to at-
tend to the negroes, to encourage breeding, and lo
cause the greatest number possible to be raised
Virginia is, in fact, a negro raising State for other
States.'"]
Mr. Gahland resumed. These declarations of
Messrs. Randolph and Gholson are not new to me,
nor have I forgotten the agitation which they pro-
duced, or the excitement which the> ext iled m Vir-
ginia. No man can be ignorant of the fact that the
inerease of slates must necessarily pa i take cf the
parent stock, and be, so long as property in them
exists, subjects of bargain and sale, and t at it is
the duty of the owners, is far as is compa'ible with
proper considerations of humanity, to ernr'oy them
in tnc most profitable way. Nor can any be ignor-
ant of the fact that they sometimes muUiply to an
extent that it is the intere-t of the owner, as well as
it is his duty, to transfer them to other hands. In
doing this, they do not in the slightest degree alter
the condition of th« slave, but only follow a law j
of property and the demands of interest, the opera-
tion of which cannot be resisted. Many sell from
interest—many from necessity, in no case worst-
ing the condition of the slave. But, sir, I do not
know a single case in which slaves are bred and
raised expressly for the market—made a business
of, nor do I believe there can be found any such
case in the whole South. I do not doubt that this
is the point of view in which Mr. Randolph, Mr.
Gholson, and Mr. Dew intended to be undeistood,
and not in that of O'Connell and the gentleman
from Vermont, for I do not believe that either of
these gentlemen, is capable of perpetrating such a
slander upon their native State That such a slan-
der should be perpetrated by a foreigner—an ene-
my to our institutions, and our prosperity—is not
to be wondered at, but I extremely regret that it
should be believed and repeated by an Amencan
citizen on this floor.
The gentleman lrom Vermont (Mr Slade) has
amused us with many arithmetical calculations to
prove the increase of slaves. What else did the
gentleman expect i and how were we to prevent it ?
If the number of our slaves has increased, it has
been the result of natural causes, and certainly the
gentleman would not have us prevent this increase,
by slaughter or strangulation. But, sir, the domin-
ion of slavery has decreased, and that to a great
extent New York, Pennsylvania, and Delaware
were once slaveholding States, but have abolished
sla\erj , and, bj the power of the North, slavery
north ot the 36'h deg of north latitude is forever
inhibited in that immense region west of the Mis-
sissippi purchased by the common treasure of the
nation, where I trust the gentleman can go with-
out offence to his moral sensibility, if he cannot go
to Missouri. Slavery, also, has been excluded from
that immense region of country ceded by Virginia,
now embracing lour large States and Wiskonsm
Territory. With these fact* before his eyes, the
gentleman seems alarmed at the increase and pro-
gress of slavery ■ Sir, the facts prove that slavery,
so far from increas.ng, has greatly declined in the
extent of territory over which it prevails
The gentleman fiom Vermont has, with an in-
dustry and an ability which do him credit, searched
from theirsleeping tombs, and strung together in ad-
mirable order, the opinions of many great and dis-
tinguished men upon the moral evils of slavery,
and the necessity of its eradication, which would
very well apply if we were engaged in the discus-
sion of the question whether slavery should be in-
troduced, but which do not touch the question
whether Congress has the power to invade the do
mestic institutions of sovereign States, and break
down their institutions, or whether it is expedient,
under existing circumstances, to abolish slavery ,
and do not need, therefore, to be noticed. The gen-
tleman also referred us to the example of England,
and, with an air of apparent triumph, told us what
she was, and what she nov: is. Upon the subject of
slavery, sir, England has always been true to her
interest. When it vas her interest to press slavery
into any part of her vast dominions, she has done
so, and whpn it was her interest to abolish it, she
has done so. Her interest, and not her pnnaplcs,
has always been the guide of her conduct upon
thi«, as upon most other subjects. It was Old Eng-
land, sir, seconded by New England, that forced
upon the reluctant and remonstrating people of
Virginia that system of slavery which now consti-
tutes such an important point in her domestic poli
cy. It was that England, sir, that now reproacnes
us, and instigates that spirit of fanaticism which
threatens the destruction of our property, the peace
of the country, and the disruption of our happy
Union, that forced upon us that system of slavery,
whii h, since it has become her interest to do so, she
seeks to destroy. To show, sir, how unblushing
and wanton this attempt on the part of New Eng-
land fanaticism is, and how graceless are her re-
proaches, I will state an histórica) fact, which, if it
has not escaped the diligent researches of the gen-
tleman from Vermont, he would not willingly re-
cur to on the present occasion. In the convention
which framed the Federal Constitution, one com
mitlee reported that no impost could be hid by
Congress without the concurrence of two thuds of
the members present, another committee reported
the immediate abolition of the African slave trade
By the vo'e of the five New England Stales and
South Carolina and Georgia, the two-thirds princi-
ple was given up; and, by the same vote, the Afn
can slave-trade was protracted twenty years.
Virginia, and her friend and neighbor North
Carolina, voted against both these alterations, and
yet New England now reproaches them with their
slave institutions—institutions which that very
New England aided in forcing upon them. I do
not recur to this historical fact for the purpose of
reproaching Georgia and South Carolina. I do
not doubt they acted, as they thought, for the best;
but I recur to it for the purpose of showing how
graceless and unblushing are these reproaches,
coming from New England. But this is not all, sir;
when we look into the slave trade, and all its atro-
cities—that dark spot upon the escutcheon of modern
ciuhzed nations—what do we see? Among the ves-
sels engaged in that horrid and inhuman traffic,
over which the proud star spangled banner waves
with shameless deseciation, most of them are nor-
thern built and northern manned. Yes, sir, where
there is one southern man, theie are ten northern
men in their (rews And shall they reproach us 1
Let the world answer the question. Posterity will
not fail to fix all the odium which attaches to sla-
very upon its true authors
I have always been, Mr Speaker, averse to any
agitation of this distracting question here I have
alwajs thought it unprofitable and mischievous,
and have, therefore, uniformly voted for every pro-
posit.on which was calculated to cut off debate and
prevent excitement. Having in view this object, I
do not doubt that I have given some votes incon-
sistent w ith each other upon the question of recep-
tion, but it was always with the view of keeping the
excitement and agitation, which these firebrands
uniformly produce, out of the House, and doingthe
necessary and important business of the country.
1 have not clone so, Mr. Speaker, because I feared
abolitionists—I mean those whose views are ultra
—who are prepared to crusade against southern in-
stitutions, and accomplish their unhallowed pur-
poses by exciting servile insurrection, drenching
our fields with blood, prostrating our rights, sever-
ing the Union, and overturning our liberties. Of
them I have no fears—none, sir, whatever. Not be-
cause they are not formidable—are not actuated by
vicious motives; but because I confidently believe
that there i. in the north a sufficient amount of pa-
triotism, of loyalty to the Constitution, and devotion
to the Union, to Keep them in check and repel their
attempts. If they cannot, then, sir, we can and
will. I do not class with these minions of foreign
policy—these enemies to our Constitution, our laws,
and our liberties—those whose opinions are, in the
abstract, opposed to domestic slavery, but who are
not disposed,on that account, to disturb our domes-
tic rights, and violate the sacred compact of the
Constitution. To such I make no al'usion; I al-
lude exclusively to ultra abolitionism, that bane of
our peace, and, I fear will Joe, destroyer of our hap-
py institutions.
One remark more, Mr. Speaker, and I have done.
I have been much pained to hear so much said of
late about the dissolution of the Union—so many
calculations about its value—so many estimates of
comparative loss, by north and south, if such an
event shou'd unhappily take place. I say, Mr.
Speaker, I am pained—not only pained, but alarm-
ed, to hear these things so frequently repeated.
Who, sir, can estimate the value of this Union—
that Union, consecrated by the blood of our fathers,
which flowed in a common stream from Ticonde-
roga to Charleston, and back again from Charles-
ten to Ticorideroga"! By what rules will you cal-
culate the value ol the liberty, happiness, and pros-
peí i y which it secures to a great and grow ing peo-
ple'' Sir, it has not entered into the heart of man
to conceive its value—a value which we shall
never truly appreciate until we foolishly throw it
awaj Why compate the losses, sir1 Each sec-
tion w ill sustain such a weight of loss that it will
have no inclination to entei into the comparison.
It will be sufficiently overwhelmed with its own
ruin and miseiy Let us, then, having in our own
keeping suth an important charge, to ourselves, to
the wo' Id, and to posterity, so equally and benig-
nantly administer the Government at> to transmit
this great boon of liberty, unimpaired, to the count-
less millions who are to come after us. And, for
the purpose of effecting this, let us keep out every
thing that is ca'culated to mar our peace, weaken
our bortls, and destroy our harmony. Sir, when-
ever and wherever I see the star spangled banner
floating in the breeze, and remember that it is
the flag of the Union, the emblem of Liberty, I
cannot refrain, in the language of a distinguish-
ed man of old, from exclaiming in my heart, " Estg
perpetua,"
