«  l Wt* *f t*«t *M MI *>«*• ii    iS Sí
May, IMÓ.
APPENDIX TO TttE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
TffS
£6th Cono....1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Cushing.
H. of Reps.
^And the history of the Treasury of the United
States furnishes a great body of facts to the same
point. In a Treasury report which I have before
spoken of, Mr. Woodbury elaborately argues, and
conclusively proves, from the experience of the Gov-
ernment, the superior safety of bank depositories over
all others. Nay, in that document he covers the
whole question; for he says that individual agents
will probably be found " less responsible, safe, con-
venient, and economical." As a specimen of the
spirit and reasoning of that document, I give the fol-
lowing extracts:
«It is a singular fact, in praise of this description
ofpnblic debtors, the selected bases, that there is
not now due on deposites, from the whole of them
which have ever stopped payment, from the estab-
lishment of the Constitution to the present moment,
• sum much beyond what is now due to the United
States from one mercantile firm that stopped pay-
ment in 18S5 or 1826, and of whom [which] ample
security was required, and supposed to be taken,
under the responsibility of an oath. If we include
the whole present dues to the Government from
discredited banks, at all times and of all kinds,
•ahether a  depositories or not, and embrace even
counterfeit bills, and every other species of un-
available funds in the TYeasury, they will not ex-
ceed what is due from two such firms."       *        *
" These circumstances, with the preference in case
of failure belonging to depositors and holders of
their bills oTer the stockholders, united with the se-
curity, if not priority, given to the Government,
render them, in point of safety, generally much su-
perior to individual agents of the United States."
"It is gratifying to reflect that the credit given by
the Government, whether to bank paper or bank
agents, has been accompanied by smaller losses, in
the experience under the system of State banks in
this country at their -worst period, and under their
severest calamities, than any other kind of credit
the Government has ever given in relation to its
pecuniary transactions."
These paragraphs of Mr. Woodbury's report con-
tain statements of facts which it is impossible to
contradict Nor have these facts, so far as I know,
ever since been denied, notwithstanding the change
m the policy of the Administration. It is true, a
Treasury document has come in this session, which
is calculated, on a hasty inspection, to > ;=2cad the
mind into *nm* oonciuafufis adverse to those of the
Secretary's old report; but which, more carefully
examined, confirms it in all its parts.—(Bx. Doc.
No. 10.)
This document comprises a table of the amount
of Joss to the Government in successive periods by
fhe non-payment of custom-house bonds; and this
it is obvious has nothing to do with the present
question, which is a question, not of debt, but of
breach of trust on the part of the agents of the Gov-
ernment,
Another table in the same document gives the
losses by deposite banks as follows :
Year.
Losses by depo-
site banks.
Prom 1789 to None appearing
18l2,incrve ' on the books
1513
1814
1815
1816
Year.
1825
1826
1827
Losses by depo-
site banks
«130,244
None left unpaid.
1817
1818
1819
«77,027
None left unpaid
36966
1820      j None led unpaid
1821
1822
1823
1824
«327,530
34,398
56,929
204,693
1 &£S

1829
None.
1830
Noue
1831
«17,520
1832
None.
1833
None.
1834
«9,415
1835
None.
1836
None.
Total from 1789 to
1836, inclusive,    «894,722
That is to «ay, the whole sum which the Treasury
has lost by deposite banks, from the beginning of
4*
the Government to 1837, is but about two-thirds of
what has been lost under this Administration by a
single collector of the customs in New York. The
same table undertakes to give an estimate of the
amount the Government lost, chiefly during the last
war with Great Britain, by the receipt of bank
paper; but that question belongs to another branch
of the subject.
The same document contains a table of the loss
of the Government by disbursing officers, and a table
of loss by collecting officers, in each case from 1789
to 1836, inclusive, which present the following re-
sults:
1. Disbursing Officers.
Aggregate amount of loss in civil
department ... $898,023 59
Aggregate amount of loss in military
and naval           -            -            -   4,058,549 97
4,956,573 56
Number  of defaulters, civil depart-
ment      ....                   244
Number  of defaulters, military and
naval     ....                2,516
Loss per head, civil department
Loss per head, military and naval
2,760
$3,680
1,613
1,795
2. Collecting Officers.
Aggregate amount of loss by collec-
tors of the customs         -            - $1,198,979 91
Aggregate amount of loss by collec-
tors of internal revenue and direct
tax                                                       442,265 76
Aggregate amount of loss by re-
ceivers of sales of lands -            -      397,304 14
2,038,549 81
Number of defaulters in the custom-
house    -            -            -            -
Number of defaulters in the internal
revenue, &c,      ...
Number of defaulters in the public
land receipts      -     .-----^———
Loss per head among collectors of
the customs       ...
Loss per head among collectors of
internal revenue, &c.
Loss per head among receivers of
public lands      ...
357
$13,781
1,820
14,715
5,737
Be it observed, that these tables do not include
the large defalcations which have occurred or come
to light under the administration or Mr. Van. Buren.
And yet here we have seven millions of loss by de-
faulting Government agents, to contrast wilh less
than one million of loss in the same period by de-
posite banks; those defalcations occurring in every
branch of the public service, but being especially
large in the disbursements of the army and navy.
And this document, therefore, the latest on the sub-
ject, completely substantiates the statements made
by Mr.'Woodbury in his former report, and confirms,
in the most striking manner, the conclusions to
which I had arrived by general argument in proving,
by the actual experience of the Government, the su-
perior safety of banks over individuals as the fiscal
agents of the Treasury.
Without enlarging to enforce this argument fur-
ther, (though I might adduce a multitude of other
facts from the experience of the Government to the
same point,) I proceed to another fiscal question—
and that is, the probable expense to the Government
of this experiment of an Independent Treasury,
I call the attention of the House to the fact, that,
though this bill makes the necessary appropriations
for carrying the new system of deposite for the pub-
lic moneys into effect, yet it is impossible to judge,
from any thing expressed in the bill, what precise
amount of appropriation it may require.    We see,
on the face of it, the creation of sundry new officers
with large salaries; but we do not know, nor can
we, in this early stage of the experiment, how many
additional officers it may call for.    One thing I ven-
ture to predict—that it will prove impossible to con-
duct all the machinery of the new system without
the appointment of many additional officers not
mentioned in the bill; and that a host of new clerks
and special agents will follow in the train of the re-
ceivers general, and of the important duties here im-
posed upon the treasurers of the several mints and
collectors of the customs, as well as upon the supe-
rior officers of the Treasury.    What appointments
are here set down in so many words, are but the en-
tering wedge to others.   And so it is with the new
sub-treasuries to be constructed, and the safes and
vaults in the various existing public edifices which
are  to be used as sub-treasuries.    The bill itself
makes a specific appropriation for the purchase of
sites and the construction of new buildings at cer-
tain points.    Does anybody imagine that the ex-
pense is to end here 1    We know it will not.   Every
day's experience shows that the course is to ask in
the outset for barely money enough to lay the foun-
dations of a building, and then to call for more and
more yearly, to continue and complete the work.
Thus it has been with the great freestone, marble,
and granite palaces which are now in the course of
construction here and elsewhere, to be used in part
as places of deposite for the public money, and one
of which is by this bill declared to be the Treasuiy
of the United States.   These magnificent edifices,
these temples to Mammon, these shrines of the gold-
God Plutus, whose worship it seems to be one of
the special objects of the Treasury to advance, are
to be essential parts of the new fiscal plan.    How
much, I say, all this is to cost, we are nowhere told;
and the bill disguises all this in a sweeping clause,
placing the Treasury at the unlimited discretion of
the President for the expenditure of whatever money,
more or less, he may choose to apply to the execu-
tion of his darling experiment.    All this undisclosed
and unknown expense is to be incurred to obtain
new places of deposite and deposite agencies, instead
of those which have heretofore cost the Government
"nothing.
Another fiscal consideration is the comparative
convenience of the new plan; for Mr. Woodbury,
in his last annual report, relies much en the alleged
convenience otHhe plan io the Government.
This alleged convenience consists, in the first
place, of the pretended facilities of transferring its
funds from the place of receipt to the place of expen-
diture. I deny that the system affords any such fa-
cilities. On the contrary, unless the Government
has as many sub-treasuries scattered all over tho
country as there are banks in the several States, the
latter will continue to be, as they alwaysrhave been,
the most convenient channels for the transfer of
credits from place to place Dy the negotiation of drafts.
In this matter, as in that of deposites, every man's
experience and conduct in his own affairs contradicts
the theory of the Secretary of the Treasury.
In addition to this pretended advantage of the
plan, much has been said, at all times, of the incon-
venience of having the Government subject to be
deprived of the use of its funds by the failure of de-
posite banks, or the suspension of cash payments on
their part, or the funds being discounted on by these
banks, and so not capable of being repaid at a mo-
ment's warning; and the experience of the year 1837
is referred to in support of this view of the subject
To which it is obvious to reply.in the first place, that
no such* difficulty ever occurred under the fiscal
agency of either of the two Banks of the United
States; in the second place, that individuals are
much more likely to fail, or to withhold the public
funds in their hands, than the banks of the States, as
I have already demonstrated by Treasury documents;
and, finally, that so far as it may be the object of the
Government to guard against any possible inconve.
nience from tbjs source, by reason of the money 1 .
