756
-***
AWENB1X TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
86th Cono......1st Sess.
i                                             i    —*
May, 1840.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Cushing.
H. of Reps.
Great Britain. If a loss, it was a war loss, and a
war necessity. But was it a loss by banks 1 Not at
all. The Government needed something with which
to pay its sailors and troops, to build and arm its
ships, and to buy its munitions of war and month ;
and it was glad to take whatever it could get—bank
paper, or any thing else, with which it could meet
the calls on the Treasury. The pretended loss by
bank paper at that period is no more justly imputa-
ble to the banks, than the loss on its own paper is.
Both were war losses, necessarily incident to the
exigencies of the Government.
Finally, so far as regards the fiscal operations of
the Treasury, the practical fact, I apprehend, will be
this : A portion of the receipts at the Treasury will
be in specie, which will go into the vaults and the
custody of the Treasurer and his deputies, and will
lie there a burden rather than a convenience to the
Treasury, or must be transferred to and fro at much
cost and risk. But very many of the payments will
be made as they now are, by a check, or (which is
the same thing) an order on a bank or a broker for
the money. A piece of paper will more or less in-
tervene. The course of things in those countries
where the entrepot system prevails illustrates my idea.
The importer places his goods in the public store,
and when he sells he makes the transfer by an order
on the storekeeper, or by assignment of the store-
keeper's certificate of storage. Will not some such
practice grow up at New York and elsewhere, in tha
payment of duties in specie 1 And what will the
Treasury gain, in point of convenience, by the opera-
tion 1 Nothing, It is but the substitution of the
agency of brokers for that of bankers, or of individ-
ual bankers in the place of bank corporations, as in
Europe, without advantage of any sort to the Govern-
ment.
Bat the fiscal question, which I have been discus-
sing hitherto, is a question of mere expediency or
Treasury convenience. Is a sub-treasurer or a bank
the safer or better depository of the public funds Í
Is bank paper unsafe, or otherwise unfit as a medium
of receipts and payments at the Treasury ? And,
though the answer to these questions may be adverse
to the views of the Administration, yet there may be
other considerations—great reasons of state—which
dictate the adoption of a particular policy, notwith-
standing its coat, hazard, or mere inconvenience to
the Treasury. And this branch of the subject I
proceed next to discuss.
What are those great reasons of state, then, which,
notwithstanding that the new financial system, con-
sidered as a fiscal agent merely, devolves more ex-
pense, trouble, and hazard of loss on the Treasury
than the old one, yet call for the adoption of the
former by Congress ? What are the elements of the
political, as distinguished from the fiscal question,
involved in the new scheme of policy ?
As a political question, this matter regards the
power and patronage of the Federal Government;
its relation to banks; to bank paper and the curren-
cy generally; and to the commerce, agriculture, and
productive industry of the nation, as affected by the
fiscal action of the Government, It is this part of
the subject which chiefly concerns the people of the
United States at large, and which is the more fre-
quently insisted, on, as a topic of popular discussion,
alike by the friends and the opponents of the Ad-
ministration ; and it is entitled, therefore, to careful
attention at this time.
It is obvious that, if the bill pass, it will immedi-
ately place additional patronage in the hands of the
Executive, because it piovides for the creation of
new and most important and lucrative offices. It
will augment the vast army of office-holders, which
the Executive already commands.
It is equally obvious, upon the declarations of
the Secretary of the Treasury himself, and the
proofs exhibited by him, that it will enlarge im-
mensely the field of peculation, out of which the
individual agents of the Government have hereto-
fore reaped so rich a harvest; or, in the language of
the Globe, it will expose the public treasure to be
plundered by a hundred hands, where one cannot
reach it now.
Perhaps the scheme inrolves, on the face of it,
less of that indirect Government influence which
th« Administration, was able to exert in JS?4 and
1835, by converting the system of the affiliated pet
banks into an instrument of party, through appeals
to the cupidity of directors, stockholders, and bor-
rowers.
But, on the other hand, the Independent Treasury
itself has many of the functions of a bank, and so
far forth all the power and influence of one.
In the first place, it holds deposites, to the amount
of some millions always, of the public treasure; and
in that respect it performs the functions of a bank,
precisely in the same way, and precisely to the
same extent, as the United States Bank, or the
depository State banks, when they were the agents
of the Treasury. Whatever amount of public mon-
ey they held under the old system, the same amount
will the sub-treasurers hold under the new one.
The power conferred by these deposites will be
great at all times, in proportion to the amount so
held in deposite. Even as at present, with a rev-
enue unequal to the public expenditure, the Presi-
dent concedes it will be five millions. What will it
be in case of a surplus revenue 1
Not only does the scheme possess the deposite
functions of a bank, but it has paper issues also.
I have shown already that, simultaneously with the
sub-Treasury scheme, Treasury notes made their
appearance, having many of the qualities and uses
of a currency, arising as well from their form as from
their receivability at the Treasury in payment of
debts and duties to the Government. I have also
shown that, of necessity, paper of some sort must
pass between the Government and its debtors or
creditors, and, if not bank paper, then some form of
Government paper. And this bill admits the fact
on the face of it.    In the 10th section, it is provided:
" And for the purpose of payments on the public
account, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer of the
United States to draw upon any of the said depo-
sitaries, a3 he may think most conducive to the
public interests, or to the convenience of the public
creditors, or both."
Here is a paper currency, to a certain amount,
more or less.   The 16th section enacts:
" That all marshals, district attorneys, and others,
having public money to pay to the United States,
and all patentees, wishing to make payment fot
patents to be issued, may pay all sucn moneys to
the Treasurer of the United States, at the Treasury,
to the Treasurer «rf either of the Mints in Philadel-
phia or New Orleans, to either of the Receivers-gen-
eral of public money, or to such other depositary
constituted by this act as shall be designated by the
Secretary of the Treasury in other parts of the
United States to receive such payments, and give
receipts or certificates of deposite therefor."
May not these receipts or certificates of deposite
be used in some way as a cunency or medium of
exchange 1 To be sure, the bill requires all " dis-
bursing officers or other agents of the Government"
(section 21st) to pay out what they receive, and
forbids their exchanging Government drafts for any
thing but gold or silver; but this restriction applies
to Government officers only, not to citizens who
are creditors of the Treasury, as contractors and
others. If I contract to do work for the Govern-
ment, or to supply provisions or any thing else to
the army or navy, though the Government pay me
in a Treasury draft, it cannot prevent my passing
that draft to a bank or to an individual in payment
of a debt I owe, or selling it at a premium, and pay-
ing my creditor in any thing he may be willing to
receive. And the bill (section 23d) also requires
the Secretary of the Treasury " to guard as far as
may be" against his " drafts being used or thrown
into circulation as a paper currency or medium of
exchange." But everybody knows that this pro-
hibition is words only. The drafts can and will be
used in exchange; and the Treasury cannot, if it
would, prevent this. So that the Independent
Treasury has, to a certain extent, and according to
the amount of its dealings, the currency functions
as well as the deposite functions of the United
States Bank.
This Government paper, if all banks are to be
done away with, will undoubtedly be so far forth a
commercial convenience; but, if banks remain, it
will be a mere engine of power in the hands of the
Treasury,   And. it is by the issue of it  own pap*
or of specie, and the refusal to receive bank paper,
that the Treasury Department is to exercise influ-
ence over the banks and currency of the Union. If
the Independent Treasury enables the Department
to exercise any influence over the banks and curren-
cy, especially if great influence, then it adds in the
same degree to the power of the Federal Govern-
ment. If it has power " to unbank the banks," as
it has been said—nay, if it has but power to restrict
and limit their loans and issues, and to reduce their
circulation, then is it a tremendous engine of Fed-
eral power, as against the States and their institu-
tions. And if it be powerful for any assumed good,
it is equally susceptible of power for evil; for that
is inherent in the very nature of all power. Or that
assumed good may itself be a great evil. Which
brings me to a broad question of the general policy
of the measure ; to answer which, requires a deeper
exploration of the subject, in the various details of
its different parts.
What is the professed object of the bill 1 To
establish an independent Treasury. Independent
of what ? Of whom 1 Of banks 1 Is that all 1
No, it is a Treasury independent of the people.
The separation from banks is but one branch of the
operation. So far as regards the place of deposite
for the public funds, it is, apparently, a separation
from banks only. But that is a very small part of
the scheme, though it is the staple of all the argu-
ment on the subject, by which the Administration,
appealing to the popular jealousy of banks, endea-
vors to throw dust in the eyes of the people, and to
cheat them of their liberties. But the Treasury is
to be independent in things receivable and payable,
independent of the people as well as the banks ; it
is to have an independent currency of Government
paper or specie, while the people are to have some
other currency, unless the general currency of the
whole country is to be Government paper or specie.
Will Government paper be the general currency
of the country 1 Such a purpose is disavowed in the
bill. And if it were otherwise, the paper issued by
the Government, in its dealings, will obviously be
insufficient in quantity for the commercial uses of
the whole Union. So that cannot be the general
of the people.
WilfipeCR! i^uo^ihamiiversal currency ? No;
the quantity in the TTiiilrilTilTn^ I'l wlmiij umillinmU
to answer this purpose, even if it were practicable
(which it is not) to employ specie for all the uses to
which a paper currency is now applied. If drawn
from abroad, by Government efforts, and against the
current of trade, it disturbs the monetary operations,
not of this country only, but of the rest of the world,
as we saw in 1837, when the Bank of England,
alarmed by the forced flow of specie to this country,
adopted such violent measures to stop the stream,
and thus contributed to produce the commercial com-
motions of that period. And the events of that day
show that, in proportion as you force the importation
of specie into this country by Government efforts, ♦
you disturb the balance of trade, and occasion the
most disastrous results. Nay, in proportion as our
currency is exclusively a specie currency, in the
same proportion does it become identified with foreign
causes of uncertainty and change. Everybody knows
how much of sympathy between country and country,
and especially between England and the United
States, there now is in all the great operations of
commerce; which has led to the saying that the
barometer of our markets hangs up in the London
Exchange. And, if we have but one and the same
currency with them, whatever acts on them acts on
us. Conscious of which, the last Administration,
when it conceived this idea of a specie currency, and
as a part of the scheme, had to adulterate our old coins,
and to reduce the fineness of the coinage by greater
alloy, so as to keep the coins at home • a fact which
illustrates my idea, that, if you exclude from circula-
tion all paper of our own, and render our currency
wholly metallic, the effect will be to identify still
more all our monetary transactions with those of
Europe. At any rate, I take it for granted that the
quantity of gold and silver now in the United States
is altogether inadequate for the extended business
relations and the diversified interests of such a
country.
To be sure, if it were in the powei of the Federal
