758
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1840.
26th Cono.......1st Skis.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Cushing.
H. of Reps.
currency.
Wherein consists this " reform of the
In the regulation and restriction of the
banks and bank paper, say some; in their total de-
struction and proscription, say others. To what ob-
ject this warfare against banks 1 It will encourage
the planting interest, say some; it will aid the man-
ufacturers, say others. And thus we reach certain
ulterior objects, which, from the stress laid upon
them by the friends of the bill, would seem to be of
more importance in their eyes than the narrow ques-
tion of kthe fiscal convenience of the system as a
Treasury agent.
Now this may be a legitimate mode of legislation.
I do not say that it is, or that it is not What I sug-
gest, however, is, that when, a few years ago, the
advocates of protection to manufactures pursued ex-
actly the same mode of legislation—that is, such a
use of the revenue po-mer in the Constitution as
should incidentally promote certain ulterior .objects
for which there appears no express grant of power—
the act was on that very ground pronounced by the
South to be unconstitutional, null, and void.
For, if it be clear that the Constitution contains
no express grant of power to levy discriminating du-
ties in order to encourage particular branches of labor
or investments of capital, it is equally clear that it
gives no express power to discourage any particular
form of labor or investment of capital; no express
power to regulate banks; to restrict their loans or
issues; still less to destroy banks, or to proscribe their
paper, and expel it from the community. Nor does
it contain any express grant of power to encourage
the planting interest, or to aid the manufacturer.
And will you do that indirectly which j ou have
no right to do directly 1 "Will you pass a bill which,
though it purports to be a revenue act, is claimed
and understood to be an act " to unbank the banks]"
The South Carolina Ordinance of Nullification, the
South Carolina Exposition, the speeches of eminent
statesmen of South Carolina, agree that such legis-
lation is an abusive exercise of the constitutional
powers of Congress; that though the primary ob-
ject of an act of Congress—the object on its face—be
constitutional within the scope of some granted
power; yet, if the ulterior object—the incidental mo •
tive of the act—be the pursuit of a thing not granted,
then the act is, nevertheless, a violation of the spirit
and true intent of the Constitution.
I assure gentlemen that I cite these documents in
no disrespectful sense, .On the contrary, I respect
the ability which is displayed in them, and the gal-
lantry of their authors. And the identity of the
constitutional principle involved in the two cases
makes the citation pertinent and proper.
Thus the preamble to the Ordinance speaks of
' acts purporting to be acts laying duties, &c., but,
in reality, intended for the protection of domestic
manufactures and the giving of bounties to classes
and individuals engaged in particular employments,"
&c. So this bill may be characterized as purport-
ing to be an act to provide for the safekeeping, &c,
of the public revenue, but in reality intended for the
indirect proscription of Jbanks, and the imposing of
restrictions on classes and individuals engaged in
particular employments, and the giving of bounties
to others.
The Exposition says: " The Constitution may be
m grossly violated by acting against its meaning as
against its letter." And again : " The Constitution
grants to Congress the power of imposing a duty
on imports for revenue; which power is abused by
being converted into an instrument for rearing up
the industry of one section of the country on the
ruins of another. The violation consists in using
a power granted for one object to advance another,
and that by the sacrifice of the original objtct. It
is, in a word, a violation or perversion," &c. These
doctrines apply distinctly to this bill, so far as re-
gards those ulterior objects of a currency reform, or
of acting upon banks, or of promoting this or that
interest, or discouraging any other; which objects
appear to fill the minds and the productions of the
friends of the Administration.
And there is a remarkable speech of Mr. Hayne's
to the same point. (Senate, April, 1824.) « Will
gentlemen suffer me to ask them," he says," to
point out to me, if they can, the power which this
Government possesses to adopt a system for the
avowed purpose of encouraging particular branches
of interest?" And I may add: or of discouraging
particular branches of industry, such as banking or
any thing else. And again : " But, to tell us we
have a right to resort to theoretical speculations, as
to the most convenient or profitable employments of
industry ; and that you can, by law, encourage cer-
tain pursuits and prohibit others, is to make this not
merely a consolidated, but an unlimited Government.
If you can control and direct any, why not all the
pursuits of your citizens 1 And it all, where is the
limitation of your authority 1 Gentlemen surely
forget that the supreme power is not in the Govern-
ment of the United States." Do not these expres-
sions seem as if they were designed for this very
bill ? How apt is the remark about " theoretical
speculations as to the most convenient or profitable
employments of industry," and the encouragement
or discouragement of " ceitain pursuits !" And the
whole passage, how emphatically does it not con-
demn the attempt of this Government to control, by
indirection, the pursuits of those citizens of the
States who have engaged their industry or invested
their capital in the business of banking, under the
guaranty of the authorization of the State Govern-
ments ! Again he says • " But our opponents
gravely inform us that this is a bill to levy imposts;
and that it is, therefore, within the very letter of the
Constitution." So here we are gravely told that
this is a bill to provide for the safekeeping and dis-
bursement of the public revenue. But Mr. Hayne
replies: " True, sir, if imports (or revenue) were
the end and aim of the bill. But surely gentlemen
will not attempt to justify a departure from the
spirit, by an adherence to the letter of the Constitu-
tion. * * If it be sufficient to adhere to the
letter, without regard to the spirit and intent of the
Constitution—if -we may ttse a power granted for
one purpose, for the accomplishment of another and
a very different purpose, it is easy to show that a
constitution on parchment is worth nothing."
These ideas seem to me to be, all of them, exactly
apposite to this measure, and the objects intended to
be effected by it; since, though the primary and
professed object of the present bill (as in the case of
the tariff bill) be a fiscal one, yet the incidental,
indirect, or ulterior object, is another and a very
different one. Ido not moan to say_jhatj adopt
the ideas quoted, for my own ; but I pay that if those
gentlemen at the South, who have heretofore con-
curred in die above" opinions, abandon them upon
this bill,—if, in their action upon this occasion, they
admit that " Congress may d'> indirectly what it has
no right to do directly,"—if they concede here, that
the " using a power granted for one object, to ad-
vance another" is no " violation or perversion" of the
Constitution—if they consent to " abuse" the re-
venue power now, by converting it " into an instru-
ment for rearing up the industry of one section of
the country on the ruins of another,"—if to-day they
can see " the power which this Government possesses,
to adopt a system for the avowed purpose of encour-
aging (or discouraging) particular branches of in-
dustry,"—if, on this occasion, they " attempt to justify
a departure from the spirit, by an adherence to the
letter, of the Constitution,"—if, in fine, they proceed,
by enacting this bill, to " use a power granted for
one purpose, for the accomplishment of another and
a very different purpose,"—then I shall confidently
anticipate, that if, hereafter, it should fall to my lot,
in the defence of the interests of my constituents, to
maintain the constitutionality and expediency of
discrimination in the duties on imports for the pro-
tection of domestic industry, they will, for consis-
tency's sake, abstain from alleging again that such
legislation is either a violation or a perversion of the
constitutional powers of the Federal Government.
Notwithstanding the President and his friends
deny to the Federal Government any direct power
in these matters, yet they propose to exert power,
and to effect a reform—a radical change in the cur-
rency—by indirection. The points next to be con-
sidered, therefore, are, in the first place, are the ob-
jects proposed good ones 1 And, in the second
place, whatever their character, will they be attained
by the passage of this bill 1
The primary object, the object of objects, would
seem to be, to act upon banks, or, according to the
current phrase, to unbank the banks.
I do not scruple to say that much of the general
clamor against banks, which pervades the writings
and speeches of the friends of the Administration, is
mere extravagance, if nothing worse. Take, for
instance, Mr. Gouge's pamphlet as a specimen of
all that class of matter. He heaps together, in a
one-sided view, all the evils and losses incident to
banks, without any exhibition of their compensa-
ting benefits ; and thence infers that banks are inju-
rious to the public welfare. Suppose that precisely
the same mode of reasoning were applied to steam-
boats. By collecting together all the explosions
that have ever taken place since the application of
steam to navigation, with the consequent loss of life
and of property, what an appalling picture would
you not present to the view ! What then 1 Would
you reject the use of steamboats 1 Have there not
been advantages in the use of them far more than
enough to counterbalance the disadvantages 1 Just
so it is with banks.
Again. Admit, for the argument's sake, all that
Mr. Gouge says against banks. Is banking to cease 1
No: all that is to be done is to transfer the business
of banking from incorporated bankers to unincorpo-
rated bankers; for every nation has bankers and
banks of some sort, corporate or unincorporated.
What is the difference between the two 1 So far as
regards the bankers themselves, the only difference
is in a legal form of association, and the limit of
their copartnership responsibility. So far as regards
the community at large, incorporated banks enable
many individuals to have an interest in the stock,
which would otherwise be confined to a few great
capitalists. And the Government, what does that
gain by proscribing such banks as we now have in
the United States, and rearing up a generation of
Rothschilds, Barings, Hopes, Laffittes, Aguados, and
Torlonias in their place 1 Who does not know that
such men as the Rothschilds have more absolute
power in Europe, more influence with Government,
more to say on the question of peace and war, and
the stability or the change of dynasties, than either
or than all of the banks in the United States 1 Even
Turkey has her bankers. Evan Spain has her Bank
of San Fernando. She has, to be sure, little enough
>aper, or any other of the great instruments
of roirmieTcta^wiWfjnnjigjand my heart bleeds
when I think of that rirHTmrTTrnniiifiil 1—ni.....m¿
gallant people, and that long prostration of their in-
dustry and commerce, which is hardly a less evil to
her than civil war, foreign invasion, or the loss of
her colonies.
What, then, I ask again, is the point of all this
never-ceasing clamor against banks! Is it to do
away with bankers associated by a charter,- and sub-
stitute bankers associated by letters of copartnership t
A small object, truly, for the convulsions and agita-
tions of these ten years. For if banks, in some form,
are to continue, and bank paper also, it is a \ery
shallow and superficial course of argument to be all
the time indulging in loose generalities about specu-
lation, and inflated credit, and alternate expansiona
and contractions, and the like. Bring the thing to
a practical issue. What is it you wish to do 1 You
say there is an evil: give us the remedy. Is it to
destroy the banks 1 The arguments of many gen-
tlemen aim at that, if they aim at any thing. Is it
only to amend them where amendment is desirable,
and reform them where they go wrong 1 Ifao, I go
with you—my constituents go with you. The State
of Massachusetts is no friend of bank suspensions.
I say with Burke, that " a disposition to preserve,
and an ability to improve, taken together, would be
my standard of a statesman." But if your object be
reform only, and you have the constitutional power
to reform, why do you not bring in a bill for that ex-
press purpose ? If amendment of the bank system
be your purpose in this bill, why do you not say so
in it? This bill proposes no reform of banks, but
their proscription, and that alone. Like the grave,
it levels all distinctions; for by it all banks, good
and bad, specie-paying and non-specie-paying, are
condemned together, and handed over to the mm 
undistinguishing legal massacre.
Yet, as if absolutely to confound our judgments of
what the Administration would in truth be at, and
