May  1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
86th Cono*•••1st Sess.
ftt
Independent Treaaury—Mr. Cushing.
H. of Reps.
to cause us to doubt whether, in the midst of all these
denunciations of hanks, the Administration really
intends any thing but to make a parade for popular
effect, at the last session of Congress the President,
after disavowing any hostility, official or personal, to
banks, and after referring to his past course on the
subject, said:
• I have yet ever wished to see them protected in
the exercise of rights conferred by law, and have
never doubted their utility, when properly managed,
in promoting the interests of trade, and, through that
channel, the other interests of the community. * *
Like other State establishments, they may be used,
or not, in conducting the affairs of the Government,
as public policy and the general interests of the
Union may seem to require. The only safe or proper
principle upon which their intercourse with the
Government can be regulated, is that which regulates
their intercourse with the private citizen—the con-
ferring- of mutual benefits. When the Government
ran accomplish a financial operation better with the
aid of the banks than without it, it should be at lib-
erty to seek that aid, as it would the services of a pri-
vate banker, or other capitalist or agent, giving the
preference to those who will serve it on the best
tern ."
If the banks are of such undoubtable utility; if
the intercourse of the Government with them is to
be regulated on the same principle as that of the
private citizen—the conferring of mutual benefits;
and if the Government is to^seek their aid whenever
it can accomplish a financial operation better with
their aid than without it: if this be so, what becomes
of all the general declamation against banks which
pervades and distinguishes the orators attached to
the Administration 1
Another great object of the friends of this bill is,
to act upon the currency, independently of, or in ad-
dition to, the action upon banks, as such.
All candid men admit that the operation of this
measure upon the currency is a mere experiment.
No one is, or can be, sure that this experiment will
succeed any better than that which preceded it.
General Jackson overthrew the United States Bank,
which did give us a good and equal currency of
stable and uniform value all over the country. In
transferring the public deposites to the banks of the
States, he alleged that these would give us a still
"better currency." and wuuid, in other respects,
meet the wants of commerce. . The better to enable
them to do this, his friends proceeded to multiply
the number of Stste bask*, to «apply die place of
the United States Bank; and, for the same express
purpose, the Secretary of the Treasury (Mr. Tasei)
officially prompted the new deposite banks to enlarge
their discounts, and, of course, to increase their cir-
culation. Meanwhile, the Administration was
drawing specie from Europe, in order to force a
specie currency in the United States. What fol-
lowed ! An excess of credit and of bank paper; a
wild mania of speculation in all parts of the United
States; a panic among the directors of the Bank of
England; a cessation of their discounts to the
American trade; a general suspension of cash pay-
ments by the banks of the United States; and the
utmost disorder in the currency, exchanges, and
commerce: this explosion of General Jackson's
experiment happening almost at the very instant of
bis leaving the Presidency. And now comes Mr.
Van Buren's.experiment. And what is that ? By
the explosion of General Jackson's, the currency
w*s blown up, and the patient lies prostrate on the
ground, his limbs broken, and covered with wounds
and bruises. And what does the new State physician
propose ? Why, to let the patient lie there, writhing
and groaning in his agony, to bleed to death, or to
get up and get well without help, as he may. Doctor
Ven Burén will not set a bone, or even so much as
•pply a plaster to a wound; and the oply remedy
for the case seems to be to discharge him, and intro-
duce Doctor Harrison in his place. For, in the
message of 1640, as in that of 1837, the President
cavalierly turns over this great currency question to
tie separate jurisdiction of the several States and
Territories—twenty-nine independent communities,
in «11—and invites them to remedy the evil. The
Federal Government is to do nothing. It folds its
ra , whilst the United States needs for its currency,
above all other things, that security of some sort
against the adverse action of foreign interests, and
against the irregular and contradictory action of the
several States, which the Federal Government alone
has the power to afford.
Well, did the several States take care of our cur-
rency in the time of the Confederation! Did they
in 1813, when all the banks out of New England
suspended specie payments? Did they in 1837,
when nearly all the banks in the United States sus-
pended t Have they taken care of the currency now,
when most of the banks south and west of New
York are in a state of suspension, and seem likely
so to continue we know not how long 1 When the
present suspension began, -which of the States threw
themselves into the breach to stop the incursion of a
paper-money currency 7 Was it the great State of
Pennsylvania, with its Van Buren State Administra-
tion ? Was it the State of South Carolina, which
presents itself here as the Simon Pure of a hard-mo-
ney currency 1 No, it was neither of these, but the
Opposition States of New York and Massachusetts
which were the first to breast the storm. Yes, it was
the much denounced capitalists of New York and
Boston who stopped the tide of paper money, and
prevented it from overflowing the whole land in the
same common deluge. The gentleman from New
Hampshire (Mr. Athkrtox) says, What of New
Hampshire 1 I reply; New Hampshire, to be sure,
acted with us in Massachusetts; and it could not well
have done otherwise, had it been otherwise minded;
for it was the mass of capital in Boston and New
York which saved the banks of the Eastern States.
We, in Massachusetts, do not profess to be specie
currency men, but we generally strive all we can to
pay our debts, understanding that to be good policy
as well as honesty. And we should find it much
easier than we do to worry along under the difficul-
ties of the present crisis, if the States in the south
and west, which, by their Representatives here, pro-
fess so much fondness for a specie currency, would
pay us what they owe, either in specie, or, what we
should be very glad to take if we could get it, in good
convertible bank paper. And if those States which,
by their hard-money votes here, aid the Administra-
tion to oppress the whole Union, would carry the
samc_Jjai¿moacy theories into the practical action
of their &tate Legislatures, they would then give
some countenance to the President's doctrine, that,
each Stateby itself and wot tfc« IVdual fcr6vcrnment¿~
is to adjust the currency question.
If the Representatives from those States will taka
it in good part, it will b* editing to* consider «fíat
their Legislatures have done of late towards'thc res-
toration of a sound currency. Alabama—she has a
majority of members here supposed to be friendly to
this bill; and has she taken measures for a resump-
tion of specie payments 1 No; but the contrary, as
I understand, in granting an extension of time on
the debts due to her banks. Tennessee—she has a
Van Buren State Administration, which refused to
require her banks to resume. Georgia, the same.
South Carolina, the same. Virginia—I trust she U
a Whig State; but she has a majority of Representa-
tives here friendly to the Administration; and do her
banks (ay, and Stale banks too) pay specie 1 Not
at all. In short, the sum total is this: too many of
the States, while, as States, they practise paper mo-
ney in all its forms, and thus contribute their utmost
to disorder the currency, come here as hard-money
States, and thus enable the Administration to tighten
its gripe around the necks of the rest of us, who, if
they would practise what they profess, could shift
for ourselves; or, if they would profess what they
practise, could, with their aid, compel the Federal
Government to hear to reason.
If, therefore, we are to judge of the currency policy
of the Administration by existing facts, that policy
is bad enough at best,—whether, as the President
seems to think, the amendment of the currency is to
be left to the States themselves; or whether, as many
of the friends of this bill declare and argue, one of
its objects bo to effect a " currency reform," by the
proscription of banks and bank paper from the busi-
ness of the Treasury.
One class of persona profess devotion to an exclu-
sive specie currency; others profess that all they
wish U to enlarge the specie basis of bank paper;
while most persons, among the orators and writers
of the Administration, content themselves with gen-
eral declamation against bank paper, without propo-
sing any thing important of a practical nature. Amid
all the clashing opinions of the day, there is proba-
bly less difference on this subject, in the minds of
discreet persons, than is generally imagined. That
the specie hobby is all naught, is very clear; that
suspended banks and irredeemable bank paper aro
quite wrong, is equally clear. And it is full tima
the currency question was withdrawn from politics,
and settled upon the true principle, that the essence)
of a good currency is uniformity with stability and
sufficiency ; it being less material -what it is, if it ba
such. And this brings me to another division of
the objects and assumed benefits of this measure—
which is, its effect on commerce; for Gen. Jackson,
as quoted by the Globe, tells us it is to effect a com-
mercial as well as currency reform.
Commerce being the exchange of commodities, in
order to prosper, it needs, first, a medium of direct
payment, sufficient in quantity, fixed in value, and,
as near as may be, equal in all parts of the country {
secondly, for remote operations, where payment is to
be made, not from hand to hand, but by bills of ex-
change, thsn a rate of exchange, reasonable in amount,
and the lower the better; and, thirdly, commercial
credit and mutual confidence. Whenever, for any
cause, the currency and exchanges are insufficient or
bad, and confidence or credit is disturbed, in such
circumstances commerce of necessity labors.
Now, if the object of the Administration be to es 
tablish an exclusive specie currency, the result must
be, as I have heretofore argued, cither that ths cur-
rency will be insufficient to carry on the commerce
of the country in its present state, and thus will fail
to perform its proper office, or the commerce must
be cut down to that currency, and so be crippled and
paralyzed. If the object of the Administration be,
that we should depend upon the bank bills of the
States, in tlxat case we have a currency, as the present
state of things shows, neither stable nor uniform.
The Administration excludes (professedly at least)
the idea of Government paper as well as United States
Bank paper; so that, in fact, nothing remains except
^- the paper either of the banks or the States, unequal
and irregular as it is, or the paper which individuals
might issue under a system of free banking. How
tlir lnttnr -miiiH m int , ;--■■■"■■■■ «p"""' *"" ; o™,
though it has been proposed, yet it is an untried ex-
periment, in regard to which there is an almost total
absence, of ascertained or conclusive facts. At any
rata, I do not understand that the Administration
takes up this plan; and our commerce remains,
therefore, so far as regards the currency, surrounded
with the present difficulties in which the empirical
schemes of the Administration have involved us,
with the certainty that it still persists in those schemes,
but without any certainty as to what are in truth its
precise aims and ends.
And so as to the exchanges. Their equality in
the time of the United States Bank is an historical
fact, which stands forth in sttiking contrast with
their present inequality under the tinkering of ths
Government and the disorganized condition of ths
State banks. The Administration does not, that I
can perceive, propose any thing whatever to meet
this difficulty, except in so far as the Government
paper provided for in this bill may serve to that end.
But the amount of aid to the exchanges to be do-
rived from this source is confined within very nar-
row limits. This consists, in the first place, of ths
revenues of the Post Office—amounting to say fivs
million dollars, but which now, as heretofore, goes
chiefly to pay the mail contractors, and is therefor 
of no use in commerce. It consists, in the second
place, of the payments at or front the Treasury-
equal in amount, at most, to the sum annually ex-
pended by the Government, say thirty million dol-
lars ; a part of which may enter, in one way or ano-
ther, into commerce, though in doing so it will run
counter to the professed object of the bill, which en 
joins upon the Secretary of the Treasury to keep hi 
drafts out of circulation as far as may be; because, if
they enter largely into circulation, then, as I hatw
before argued, the Independent Treasury is a Gov-
renment Bank. And this remark applies to any
othor miscellaneous form of Government drait  Of
