¡fan*, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
?es
86th Cok««..1st Sus.
Independent Treasttpy—Mr. PFhite.
H. of Reps.
bidden Rubicon, marched into Rome, entered tbe sacred tem-
ple, and wind with a lawless hand the public treasure; yet we
read that he did it under a painful necessity—he would most
cheerfully have avoided the demand of imperative duty—no sel-
fish aggrandizement, no unhallowed ambition, stimulated the
deed—in the name of the people, and for the good of the people,
Catsar assumed these high powers. In the days of a more mo-
darn Commonwealth, we have another distinguished example,
Cromwell, who with heartfelt reluctance, arid under painful
necessity, headed a band of soldiers, and drove out, at the point
of the bayonet, the members of Parliament, the people's repre-
sentatives. Yet Cromwell was actuated by no venal motives.
«In the name of the Lords and the people," he exclaims, "I
drive you hence."
It was no lees painful to Richard the Third to accept the
bloody crown of his murdered relations, when pressed upon
him by the importunities of his minions, and by his own pro-
curement; but. like our faithful President, Richard could not
resist the call of the people, saying, in the language of nature's
poet:
"I am not made of stone,
But penetrable to your kind entreaties,
Albeit against my conscience and my soul."
But, Mr. Chaii man, there is an example of more recent oc-
currence, and more analogous in all its features. When the
illustrious predecessor of the present Chief Magistrate, without
authority of law, seized the public treasure of the nation, he
was not prompted by any mercenary or ambitious motives. He
bail neither avaiice nor ambition to gratify, in giving this high
Executive order, overriding all law. He felt no interest in
transmitting his office to a favorite successor. He did it for the
pare and patriotic purpose of saving the liberties of the coun-
try, and that, too, with "unfeigned pain and reluctance." There
is a remarkable coincidence in the similitude of expression,
as well as sentiment, in the paragraph read from the mes-
sage of the present President, and a paragraph which I will now
read from the manifesto of the President of that day to his Ca-
binet
"Hesays: "It would ill become the Executive branch of the
Government to shrink from any duty which the law imposes
apon it." What an exact likeness! What a unity of thought!
What a faithful following in the footsteps! Who can read
the  sentences and doubt about the authorship? Who so dull
as not to trace the same glosses and disguises, to conceal a high
usurpation of Executive power? The same mind dictated both.
The same hand penned both. The same ambition prompted
both. What was then in a state of embryo—"half concealed-
half disclosed"—is by the passage of this bill about to be con-
summated. He who inserted ir. that manifesto the short and
pithy sentence, "that money was power," spoke liom experi-
ence, having lone and successively practised upon the princi-
ples in his own State—"that to the victors belong the spoils."
He has thirsted for the last ten years to insinuate the same prin-
ciple in the administration of the General Government. No
man believes more implicitly in the truth of the maxim, that
"money is the sinew of politics as well as war," than the Chief
Magistrate of this nation—none has greater acknowledgments
to make to its kind influence. It is not surprising, that he holds
aa unyieding grasp upon the treasure of the nation. Sir, open
and bold usurpations never alarm me. I fear no danger of the
perpetuity of this Government, from the assaults of the manly
tyrant or despot. I can look with some forfearance upon the
unjust pretensions to power, asserted and defended upon prin-
ciple; yet, whilst I protest, I am no alarmist. Whilst I claim
to be one who has "never despaired of tbe Republic," in the
¿toomiest hour of the successive storms and whirlpools of Ex-
ecutive usurpation, which it has Massed through in tbe last ten
years; yet, I must confess, when 1 see power assumed and peti-
tioned to be legalised, as this bill proposes and will accomplish,
when I see the indifference with which many, and the zeal with
which others, sustain this measure—a measure striking down
at one fell blow the balance of the Constitution—unhinging its
checks, its great conservative principle—wresting from Con-
gress and the people the guardianship of the public money—
uniting in the hands of the President the sword and the money
power, I am forced to acknowledge it inspires me with some
concern forth* permanency of our free institutions. These are
not tbe gloomy forebodings of a distempered imagination. It is
not mere matter of criticism. It is no panic picture. Despo-
tism never shows itself all at once; it feels its way cautiously.
In the beginning, it is always diffident, modest. It uniformly
dresses in false garments; It invariably assumes a false name.
It progresses under the disguise of virtue, patriotism, and De-
mocracy.
Mr Chairman, having disposed of the various preliminary
propositions, a free discussion of which was indispensable to
the full Investigation of the great neasure embodied in this bill,
I proceed toan analyzation of its principles and its details. I
propose to do this in a calm and dispassionate manner, uninflu-
enced by party consideration. The measure is one of vital
magnitude; it is too important to be dealt with for political ef-
fect; it is too serious in its nature; no patriot would use it for
political capital; his too solemn'to be trifled with; it embraces
every interest of Government and people; it is all-pervading; it
comes home to the rich as well as the poor; it enters the dwel-
• ling  of every citizen, of every grade and every condition: it is,
without doubt, a subject fit for animated appeals to the hopes
and fears of every patriot. But, sir, tbe measure comes before
Congress recommended by the President, under tbe name, and
in the guise of "reason and argument," asking free and calm
discussion. I am disposed to meet it, and try it, by tlie standard
to which the President appeals; I shall endeavor to examine
the reasons and arguments of the President, of his Secretary,
and its principal advocates in this and tbe other branch of Con-
grtsi. I mean to consider the measure as defined by tbe Presi-
dent and his friends. To take the facts as they state them, un-
lets in the same message, ot some other message or State pa-
per, or speech, they contradict them; or unless they stand con-
tradicted by indisputable political history, and add no facts, ex-
cept such as are well supported by statistics, or such asare
incontestable, from admissions of leading supporters of this
measure, and then ask tbe impartial judgment of the commit-
tee and of the country upon my exposition of the scheme, and
the motives which dictate and urge its passage. As I have al-
ready remarked, lam not one of those who predict a volley of
evil  to come upon the country instantly upon the passage of
this bill. Very far frsm it. God forbid that such should be its
efleet. The cup of human suffering is now full and overflow-
tag. I should not be surprised if its passage produced slight
temporary relief. There will be the limitation of law, to some
fxteat, oi>on the unrestrained and ^restricted discretion of the
Executive, as now exercised, and has been since the bank sus-
pension in May, '37. To legalize the scheme wonld give tem-
porary stability and partial sacurity. But, sir, the practical
operation of the measure, with all its power for good, and 1 trust
for evil, is now upon the country, and has been for the last
thiee years. This proposition I have established. Its evil ef-
fects are already realized. The whole country feels them. The
whole countiy, at last, thank God, sees them. The practical
operation of this measure is manifest in the. bankrupt condition
of the country, in the all pervading, universal suffering condi-
tion of the people in every department of business. No argu-
ment in this House, or out of it, can refute it—none is necessa-
ry to sustain it—every breeze that reaches us from every quar-
terspeaks to us in the language of truth, soberness, and bitter
ness, of the ravages of the practical operation of this measure.
Why, then, do I oppose the pascase of this bill? Not from
any party motive. No, sir, no. Had I the choice of weapons to
give the death blow to this Administration, I would select this
very Sub-Treasury, notwithstanding the confidence of a distin-
guished supportei of the bill," expressed :n th',3 language: "If
my political existence depended upon it, I would rather have
the success of the passage of the Sub-Treasury identified with
the re-election of Mr. Van Buren than ar.y other argument
which can be used in his favor." I have said I will not discuss
the Presidential question, andl will not. I simply predict, with-
out any pretension to the gift of prophecy, that this Sub-Trea-
sury bill will be the political winding sheet of Mr. Van Buren,
of the honorable Senator, and of all others engaged in its con-
summation. Were T governed by party considerations, reck-
less of consequences tu the country, I would not lift an arm to
oppose its progress, or raise my voice to delay its passage for
one moment, so clear are my convictions that suicidal it must
be toils authors. The question still recurs, why oppose, then,
the passage of this bill? I answer, because by the enactment
we give the official sanction of the nation to a scheme of despo-
tism in the solemn form of a statute, laying a precedent for fu-
ture Executive encroachments and usurpations. I answer
again, because it will enable the President, by the exercise of
the veto power, aided by a subservientSenate, holding office for
aterm of six years, to fasten the measure upon the country for
years, "in despite of the lamentations" of the people, to be used
to force them into a compliance by the abuse of Executive pa-
tronage, or coerce them into an acquiescence of the measure,
with its Treasury bank appendage, with the hope of relief from
insupportable suffering. With this explanation, I proceed to
the consideration of the measure contained in the bill upon your
table, its principles, ita details, as the) appear upon its face,
with the exposition of its author and friends. And first, its defi-
nition. What is the Sub-Teeasury, alias the Innependent Trea-
sury, this great measure of safety and deliverance" to tbe peo-
ple, as defined by the President1 It consists sim ply of two fea-
tures, it is composed of two fundamental principles; all else of
the vast and ponderous bill is detail, much of it flimsy detail,
unmeaning bombast, scheol-boy fustian, a mere ¡ingle of words,
not of hard money. Two principles of the bill, or professed
principles, are these: 1st, The requirement of the Go-
vernment receipts exclusively in gold or silver: 2d, The
collection, preservation and disbursement ol the public
moneys exclusively by executive officers. This is all of the
scheme as explained by the President and the leading advocates
of this bill. These two principles are purely financial, appli-
cable to the management of the Treasury, in aid of the Go-
vernment and the Government only. Were there no other ob-
jection to this measure, its total inadequacy to the exigency
ought to condemn it, the disease boundless, the remedy narrow
and contracted. Never did the wisdom and folly of man pro-
pose a remedy so inadequate, so totally incommensurate.
Never was there so little sagacity manifested in the selection . f
the time for the adoption of such a measure, did it possess
every attribute of intrinsic merit, claimed in its behalf. Now,
surely, is not the time for its application; one half of the banks
suspended, the other half in a state of torpor; the exchanees
ruinously deranged; ciiculation cramped, contracted almost* to
absolute collapse; the country depleted, untH the people can-
not have it said they live; they simply breathe upon the muti-
lated relics of farmer days. T!:e country needs and demands
stimulants, instead of more "blood letting and hot water." This
is a remedy fora state of plethora, not of exhaustion; of exu-
berant vigor, not of debility; for high and scorching fever, not
shakes and chills; such as now afflict this unhappy land, from
extremity to extremity, and from centre tn circumference.
Another seneral objection I make to this measures, it comes
recommended by unsuccessful physicians, experimental politi-
cal empirics. Too Ion? already have they had the people in
the crucible of their political alchymy. What better assurance
have we or the country for the beneficial effects and success of
thisso much lauded measure, than was given by the same au-
thors in favor of the State banks. Unbounded confidence was
asserted, (whether entertained, I will not say,) in behalf of that
measure, now acknowledged a total failure, and wonder even
expressed ly its quondam advocates that they ever should have
confided in so foolish a project. And yet, with so recent a po-
litical discomfiture, these very rulers, with an impudence and
an effrontery that defies a parallel, demand of the country un-
shaken faith in their skill and judgment, and ask the accept-
ance and adoption of a remedy admitted to be an "untried ex-
pedient." What sober minded man would employ a physi-
cian, under such circumstances, in sickness? none. By fair
analogy, what prudent man ought any longer to entrust his
dearest rights to such political quacks? None but ihe wilfully
blind will. I now proceed to a critical analysis and dissection
of this measure. The first quality that Etrikes the attention and
challenges the admiration of the President for the Sub Treasury
is its simplicity; it dispenses with much of the cumbrous and
unnecessary interference of checks and counter checks, hereto-
fore deemed indispensably important, by (lie most sagacious
statesmen, to the safety of the public treasure. The second at -
tribute that receives his unqualified and enthusias'ic approba-
tion, is its unity; it repudiates the idea, long ente tained by the
wisest and most profound statesmen, that true and gnuine civil
liberty consists in a division of powers; it strikes down the bar-
riers erected in the Constitution between the different depart-
ments of the Government. The tyrant's maxim, "That by di-
viding sovereignty you destroy it," has been unblushingly
avowed in this debate in support of this bill.t Now, sir, if our
Chief Magistrate is right; if ho has penetrated deeper into poli-
tical philosophy than the sages of the Revolution; if it ha true
that unity and simplicity be the most desirable attributes of a
*Mr. Buchanan.
t Mr. Williams, of Mawaehuwits,
prosperous and happy government, no form of government is
so unique as an unlimited monarchy; none so simple as an ab-
solute despotism. But to return to the examination of the pro-
fessed principles of the bill—mark the glaring hypocrisy; the
open contradiction of theory and practice. The first feature
professes the exclusive use of gold and silver in the moneyed
transactions of the Government. This is said to be the vital
spark of the measure; the soul of the body; the ethereal fire,
that sublimates and sanctifies the scheme, and gives it its sa-
cred constitutional characteristic. And yet the bill on your ta-
ble, sir, upon its face, exposes the flagrant hypocrisy in its de-
tail; it not only recognises the receipt of Government paper mo-
ney, but State bank paper—and yet the President bases and vin-
dicates this measure upon the principle that the Constitution,
in its letter and spirit, forbids the employment of any other me-
dium, in the receipts and disbursements of the National Govern-
ment, than gold and silver. His Secretary of the Treasury de-
precates the use of any other medium than specie "for the pub'
lie revenue and expenditure, or as a standard for the value of
property or discharge of contracts," not only unconstitutional,
but positively "pernicious." This is the theory of the Presi-
dent and Secretary. Now, sir, let us compare theory and prac-
tice. In the very same slate papers of the President and Secre-
tary, a recommendation is made to Congress to issue ten mil-
lions of Treasury notes, Government paper, proven by woful
experience to be the worst kind of paper money; bearing no in-
teisst; to be issued in small Mils, ranging from Í20 upwards,
expressly to be used in the "receipts and disbursements of the
Government;" to pass into general circulation "as the standard
of property, and to be used in discharge oí contracts." Thus
you see, sir, so far were the President and Secretary from in-
tending, in good faith, to carry out this boasted feature of the
bill, they not only recommend and press upon Congress the is-
sue of ten millions of Government paper, without interest, for
the reason they say in the same state papers,}: "that notes bear
ing much interest would soon cease to be used in circulation."
And again, in order to force this Government paper into circu-
lation, in the business transactions of the people, after passing
this currency upon the creditor of the Government, they re-
commend "that it might be advisable not to make the bit's or
notes receivable, at fiist, for any public dues." I now come to
the sublime excellence, the boasted superiority, of this Govern-
ment currency. Mark the language, Mr. Chairman, and all
other advocates on this floor of this hard money scheme, this
gold and silver scheme, this measure of the Constitution, con-
strued in iis primitive simplicity, uncontaminated by latitudi-
nous interpolations. "This kind of paper would be very con-
venient inform, ($20 bill,) it would contain the most important
requisites appertaining to any paper currency—such as the
greatest security, an entire specie basis, and the unity of all is-
sues in one body." Pause and admire the consistency, the
harmony of theoiy and practice, what an adaption of means to
the end—"an exclusive one of gold and silver in Government
transactions"—the only medium known or allowed by the let-
ter and spirit of the Constitution. O, brazen faced hypocrisy !
O, unblushing infidelity of profession and purpose I As further
confirmation, if it be possible that any other proof can be asked,
that it is not intended now, nor never has been from the begin-
ning, in good faith, to carry this principle of the bill into prac-
tice, I cali the attention of the committee to a brief history of
this measure as connected with another associated measure that
has always followed it as regular and as true as the shadow fol
lows the sun in his evolutions. At the called session of 1837,
when this Sub-Treasury was first broached and recommended
by the Executive of ths nation as a financial plan, the same
state papers estimate ihe sum of money necessary to conduct
the receipts and disbursements of the Government at ip" "■■'-
-1tom:~,*-de1tctrT3cist«u^tn-Trie_Treasirry! owing' to the indul-
gence upon merchants' bonds, and unavailable funds in tbe
State banks. The Government at the time held eight millions
in bonds upon the Bank of the United States—the President
and his friends in Congress refused to sell these bond  even
at par, refused a loan of money open tin* «t War pet Cent.;
S issues tea millions of Treasury notes. Mark, Mr, the sxact
coincident of amount with the estimate requisite for Go-
vernment transactions, issued under the hollow professions
of temporary want, with a provision of canceiment and
discontinuance upon their return into the Treasury.
At each annual meeting of Congress, from the called
session to the opening of the present Congress, the same
nollow, deceitful professions pervade the annual message of
the President and report of the Secretary of the Treasury, upon
the "successful financial operations of the Government," boast-
ing of the canceiment of the issue of Treasury notes—notify
Congiessandthe country that the expenses of the nation can
be met in future without any "new issue of Treasury notes, in-
crease of tariff, or creation of loans." And yet, sir, scarcely
have these State papers gone forth to the four quarters of this
wide spread confederacy, Under the frank of every member; po-
litical fee as well as friend, each successive session from 1837,
so s jon as the Sub-Treasury bill is reported in either House of
Congress, eo instant!, an emergency springs up, "an unexpected
exigency;" (such asa demand to discharge pension claims, the
time of payment of which is fixed by permanent law) "a fluc-
tuation," astarving paralysis seizes the Treasury—the private
secretarv, with pale face, almost breathless from exhaustion,
rushes into this House with a special message demanding the
re-issue of ten millionsof old notes, or the issue of ten millions
of new ones, in order to save "the national faith and national
honor from being tarnished." Sir, this is no fiction; the execu-
tive documents, and the journals of the two Houses of Congress,
establish this historical narrative beyond a dispute. But this is
uetall, sir; this only brings us down to the opening of the pre-
sent Congress. In the annual message and report of the fecre-
tary at this session, is to be found a strong corroborating circum-
stance, beaiing upon this part of our inquiry—these two distin-
guished financiers, after three years severe study and scrutiny
into the mysterious and abstruse science of finance, discover it
was all a mistake on their part in supposing that ten millions of
money would be needed in conducting the Treasury operations
of the Government; they now conclude with that unhesitating
confidence that belongs to a quack in politics, as well as a quack
in medicine, that instead «fien, four or five millions is abundant
jor all the requirements of revenue. According to usage wo
find in the annual message and report the following language:
(the exact copy of which, in substance, may be found in every
annual message and report since 1837,) "The financial operations
X Message and report of Secretary—called session.
$ The correspondence of Woodbury with the bank president*
I wd capitalist* in 1837.
