June, 1840.
APPENDIXrtU THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
?«r
S6th Cono.......1st Sbss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. White.
Mgtioc unlimited power to charter banks upon no common
whenne was in the ascendant, is not for me to say; I know it is
human nature to worship the rising luminary; history is full of
the vanity of all earthly renown, mere human glory.   As Shak-
peare has it, "yesterday the word of Casar might have stood
Mainslthe world," now, "none so poor as to do him reverence."
Sr.I solemnly conjure you, and the majority of this House, be-
fore you PaES tn'3 °*!1i Ul pause and consider upon the authori-
ties Ishall now refer to.   I invoke you to look and gaze upon
the political mirror of 1831-5, which I shall now hold up to
yourview, and see the ridiculous attitude of discrepancy, incon-
sistency, and tergiversation you will occupy; the ingratitude,
treachery, and perfidy to the State banks, and the unpardonable
infidelity and abuse ef public mist to the country, with which
you are about to involve, and blast, and infamize your private
as well as public reputation.   In the extracts I shall now read
is to be feund what was "nominated in the bond," u pon the con-
ditions of which you and your leaders were elevated to power.
In the Message of 1S33, speaking of this very measure—the Sub-
Treasury, alias the Constitutional Treasury, alias the Indepen-
dent Treasury—which had been proposed in this House in tlsa
sesuoo of 1834, this language is employed: "In the regulations
which Congress may prescribe,respecting the custody ot the pub-
lic moneys, it is desirable that as little discretion as may be deem-
ed consistent with the safe keeping should be given to Executive
agents."   The annual Message of 1836 contains this emphatic
sentiment.   "To retain the public money in the Treasury un-
employed in any way, is impractibable.   It is, besides, against
the genius of our  free institutions to lock up in vaults the
treasure  of the na ion."   Here we  have a forcible and un-
qualified  condemnation of the  bill under discussion in the
name of General Jackson.   But, sir, this is not the only au-
thority I have denouncing this measure.   I now introduce ano-
ther, though not so universal in its influence, equally potent and
omnipotent in a certain section of this Union.   I allude to the
great Southern advocate of this bill, the distinguished star of the
South,* who has a galaxy of smaller planets revolving around
him, who never take the trouble to think for themselves: yes,
star, such is the magic influence of this Senator's opinions in a
partiou  f ¡his Union, particularly his own State, that his politi-
cal dogmas are received as axioms, undisputed and indisputable
truths, no matter how absurd, no matter how inconsistent and
contradictory to previously entertained and expressed views.
Whenever a sudden blaze of light flashes across his brain,
whenever a fresh thought strikes his min I, in the twinkling of
an eye his political followers wheel to the right about, and unite
with the chief in denouncing the folly, the absurdity, and the
abomination of the measure.   Oh, South Carolina, once the
land of true chivalry, the birthplace  of Marion, Pinckney,
Bumpier, Lowndes, Hayne, how fallen !   In the language of the
mother of the Gracchi, thou once could proudly boast of thy
Jewels, statesmen that thought for themselves, and acted upon
ibeii thoughts; now, you occupy the humiliating attitude of
blindly following the erratic wanderings of an ever-varying po-
litical star, whose leading themes are, his contempt of personal
popu arity, and self glorifications over the beauty and symmetry
of his political consistency—never forgetting to close his
speeches with a peroration, consisting of his ineffable admira-
¡Jon of, and devotion to, State rights.   Now, sir, it gives me no
pleasure to show up the glaring political inconsistencies and ter-
giversations of this very distinguished man, nor will I attempt
a complete exhibition; I wish only to trace his views and opi-
nions upon the principlesof the bill before the committee, as ex-
pressed at different times.   Towards this distinguished indivi-
dual I entertain no unkind personal feelings.   I would that I
could, consistent with my sense of public duty, draw a veil over
his political changes, and conceal them forever from the light of
day; but duty to the country forbidB it, upon a great measure
like this, reaching the very vitals of the Constitution.    His
name is one of the main pillars upon which this Sub Treasury
rests—a measure, when taken in connection with its associated
measures, that mates up the "system,"'as I conscientiously, be-
fore my God, believe to be pregnant With more mischief and
ruin to the country than any ever adopted, or proposed to be
adopted, as a permanent system of policy, since the foundation
of the Government.   Entertaining these views, to omit the use
or «ay weapon of resistance to its passage, would be treason to
the community, to the Constitution, to the cause of human li-
berty. Now, sir, let us see what this great man said and thought
of this identical measure only six years ago; this measure,
which he now assures his worshippers and his country is the
only remedy, the great panacea, for all the distress and evils that
afflict the land.   I read frem his speech of 1334, upon there-
charter of the united States Bank, in the debate upon which
the three antagonist measures—of a National Bank, the State
bank system, and the Sub-Treasury system—were all fully dis-
cussed; this is his language, the language of a piofound practi-
cal statesman—no theory, no speculation, no metaphysics; it
goes upon experience, the mother of wisdom.   Hear him.   I
claim the attention of Southern members particularly.    He
•ays: "Any sudden or great change from our present to even a
sounder condition, would agitate and convulse society to its cen-
tre.   Whatever may be the different theoretical opinions of
members of the Senate, as to the extent to which the reforma-
tion of the currency should be carried, even those who think it
may be carried practically and safely to the entire exclusion of
paper, must agree that the restoration ought not to be carried
further than a cautious and a sure experience shall prove it can
he done, consistently with the prosperity of the country, in the
existing fiscal and commercial condition of the world; to go be-
yond this point, to which experience shall show it proper to go,
would be to sacrifice the public interest merely to a favorite
conception"—the "untried expedient," alias the Sub-Treasury.
Solid wisdom marks every line, whilst no language could be
mow expressive, more forcible, in the condemnation of a mea-
sure.   But, sir, this is not all.   I find otheT paragraphs in the
same speech, bearing directly upon this scheme, replete with
deep and profound thought.   In speaking of the leading feature
ol this measure, the exclusive use of gold and silver in the trans-
actions of the Government, he makes use of this emphatic lan-
guage: "But there is in my opinion a strong, if not an insupera-
ble, objection against resorting to this measure, resulting from
the fact that an exclusive receipt of specie in the Treasury
would, to give it efficacy, and to prevent extensive peculation
and fraad, (mark this!) require an entire disconnection on the
part of the Government with the banking system in all its forms,
and a resort to the strong box as a means of preserving and
guarding its funds—a means, if practicable in the present state
of things, liable to the objection of being far less saie, economi.
•JotaC.OeJhnn.
H. of Reps.
■
cal, and efficient, than the present system," (the bank system.)
Again, in the same a eeeh. -Tn suppress them (speaking of the
banks) at once would, if it were possible, woika greater revolu-
tion, a greater change, in the relative condition of the various
classes of the community, than would be the conquest of the
country by a savage enemy." Sir, these extracts need no com-
ment, no analysis; language could not be more explicit. In
these few sentences, the two fundamental principles of this bill
—first, the exclusive receipt and disbursement of speeie by the
Treasury; second, the report to the "strong box" in the exclu-
sive keeping of the public moneys, in preierence to banks—are
annihilated, immolated. Like a master workman, in debate, he
seizes one proposition, and slays the other with it. Arming him-
selfwith the sword ol experience, with the ponderous hand of a
giant, at one fell blow he slays the "monster," and crushes him
under his feet. Would to God, for his character, for the prospe-
rity and happiness of the country, he had kept him there. But,
sit, not so. Strange to tell, marvellously strange, m three short
years a change comes suddenly over the spirit of his dream,
and he sees, with a vision clearer i lian heaven's brightest Bun-
beams, that in 1834 he labored under a mental delusion; what
he then believed and asserted was a sound system of policy, test-
ed in the crucible of well tried experience, was now full of no-
thing but evil, mischief, ruin, and misery. The entire contents
of Pandora's box would be trifles compared to it. But, lest I
may be charged with exaggeration, I will read his own descrip-
tion. I read from the debates of 1837 upon this very Sub-Trea-
sury bill. Speaking of the union of the Government and the
b3nks, he says: "We thus glided imperceptibly into a connection
which was never recognised by law till 1816, but which has
produced more important after-consequences, and has had a
greater control over the destiny of this count y, than any one of
the mighty questions which have so often and so deeply agitated
the country; (mark this;) to it may be traced, a? the seminal
principle, the vast and extraordinary expansion of our banking
system, our excessive import duties, unconstitutional and pro-
fuse disbursements; the protective tariff, and its associated sys-
tem, for spending what it threw into the Treasury, followed in
time by a vast surplus, which the utmost extravagance of the
Government could not dissipate; and finally, by a 3ort of retri-
butive justice, the explosion of the entire banking system, and
the present prostiate condition of the currency, now the subject
of our deliberations." Now, sir, I ask you and the committee to
pause and remember that the author of the speech from which
1 have just read, was the draughtsman, the reporter, the able
and successful advocate of the very bill—the bill of 1816, char-
tering a National Bank—that for the first time in the legislation
of this country legalized the "connection" of the Government
revenues and the banking system. Beholdhow, with equal dog-
matism, this great man to-day asserts, maintains, and eulogizes
a principle, a system of policy, and tomorrow contradicts, re-
futes, denounces, and derides the same; and yet, sir, always con-
sistent, always penetrated with the deepest convictions, always
stimulated by motives of the most elevated patriotism. Oh, the
infirmity, the delusion of man! How long is our country doomed
to be ruled by such leaders?
I now take leave, for the present, of the great southern pillar,
of the Sub-Treasury, and ask the attention of the committee
whilst I view the political course of another, not less distin-
guished supporter of this measure.t The great Western pillar,
in point of influence, with the existing Administration and the
country greatly his superior. Yes, sir, this individual was the
master spirit of the past; he is now and has been the master
spirit of the present Administration. With shame and morti-
fication for the honor of my coinitry, I make the forced ac-
knowledgment. To him can be clearly traced every Executive
movement upon the currency—every assault upon the Consti-
tution—every high usurpation of power, for thp last ten years
Acting in secret collision with the present Chief Magistrate,
through Cattery and prejudice—they wielded the arm and di-
rected the band of General Jackson in every blow he made u pon
the currency and the Constitution, during his eventful Admi-
nistration. Hie finger can be plainly and distinctly traced in
every movement of the existing Administration; his intellect
has been underrated; his influence in the Government miscon-
ceived, even by the meet sagacious; his knowledge of human
nature is profound; he understands the passions and motives
of human action well; he knows how to administer to them; he
has no scruples in the full exercise of his knowledge; he looks to
the end tobe accomplished; he hesitates not about the charac-
ter of the means; principles with him are nothing, political capi-
tal, every thing; justice, right, patriotism, gratitude, mere ab-
stractions He views all the great powers of the Government
as so many instruments, to be used at pleasure by the ambitious
aspirant to obtain a party object, teckiess of the misery and
wo the measure may inflict on millions. If he sees a political
rival in his way, he will blow the vanity, and, by false ap-
peals, madden the prejudices of an old man, to strike him a
victim at the cost of pulling down a sacred pillar of the Consti-
tution. If he wants to achieve a political triumph, to gratify
personal pique or panier to personal vanity, he can, with ex-
ulting self-complacency, look upon the desecration of the
sacred charter of liberty, gloi ying in the perpetration of a deed
that has inflicted a stain upon the bright escutcheon of this
nation, that the fiery fingers of the fiend of hell can never erase
—nor that more potent obliteration, the bedewing tears of pity-
in1? angels, ever wash out.
Mr. Chairman, I ask pardon for thisdigression,and now proceed
to trace the political courseofthis distinguished personage as con-
nected with the subjects immediately under discussion, and in
connection with him, the currency views of the "illustrious
predecessor," as well as his successor, who I hold responsible
before this committee and the country for all the derangement
in the curiency, that now so sorely afflicts this community. I
exculpate General Jackson from all blame; he was nothing but
the clay in the hands ol' the potter; a mere hall of wax re-
ceiving his principles and opinions from the impress of the
Senator from Missouri, moulded and touched by the magic
wand of Mr. Van Buren. Not only have I said I would show
gross inconsistencies and contradictions, but I have said I would
fix upon these two personages perfidy, treachery, and ingra-
titude, towards the State banks, and infidelity in their public
trusts to the country. Now, sir, these are high charges pre-
ferred against individuals fillinsr high places. If I fail to make
them good. I deserve to be branded as a foul calumniator. If I
sustain them, ae I confidently expect, they will receive, I trust,
the punishment due to all such public delinquents—the with-
drawal of the confidence of friends and sudden expulsion from the
high placea they occupy, accompanied with the undivided exe-
TThoi. H. B#nton.
cration of a deluded, and abused people. But. sir, now for the
testimony; and firstlet us see what were the views of these
three distinguished personages in years that are past, relative to
these State banks; these soulless corporations—"these rotten
boroughs" of "associated wealth—"the tail, fungus, the excres-
cence of the British paper system." I read from the message
of General Jackson, first, "the State banks are found fully ade-
quate to the performance of all services which were lequired
by the Bank of the United States, quite as promptly and with
the same cheapness."—Message, 1834. Again: "By the use of
the State banks, it is ascertained, that the moneys of the United
States can he collected and disbursed without loss or inconveni-
ence, and that all the wants of the community in relation to
exchange and currency, are supplied as wel'as they ever have
been before."—Message, 1835. Again: "Experience continues to
realize the expectations entertained as to the capacity of the
State bank3 to perform the duties of fiscal agents for the Go-
vernment " Again: "It has been seen, that without the agen-
cy of a great moneyed monopoly, the revenue is collected,
and conveniently and safely applied to all the purposes of the
public expenditure. It is also ascertained, that instead of being
necessarily made to promote the evils of an unchecked paper
system, the management of the revenne can be made auxiliary
to the reform which the regulations of several of the States
have already commenced, and which has only te be hastened by
proper regulations by Congress, to secure a practical return to
the extent required for the security of the currency, to the con-
stitutional medium." Now, sir, in this shoit paragraph we
have embodied three separate and distinct arguments against
the principle of this bill. 1st. It is here assumed that the re-
venues can be collected, safely kept, and conveniently applied,
by the State banks. 2d. That the connection of the revenue
with the banks, instead of promoting the evils of an unchecked
paper system, this union of Government and the banks can be
made an instrument in the purification and regulation of the
paper currency. 3d. It asserts, unequivocally, that the mea-
sures of the Government can be so managed as to make a
mixed currency of State bank paper and specie the constitu-
tional medium. Three positions tearing up by the roots the
two leading features of the Sub-Treasury, an exclusive specie
currency, and an exclusive agency of Government officers, as
well as the incidental quality claimed in itssunport of purifica-
tion and regulation of the paper currency. For the future re-
putation of this old man, I would that I could stop here; justice
to the subject forbids it. These were the views published over
the name of General Jackson, when it was the interest of the
party to make political capital out of the State banks. They
were then puffed to the skies, praised and eulogized; this was
necessary to make them willing and efficient auxiliaries to aid
in demolishing the Bank of the United States. This object being
effected, the great scheme of the Sub Treasury could now be
openly avowed; but to consummate the end so long and so de-
voutly wished, but adroitly kept in disguise and concealment,
the work of bank "demolition," had to be carried one step
furher before it could be successfully accomplished. The
State banks had next to be demolished with that charactetistle
fitfulness which is always associated with the first conception of
a heinous deed; it now shows a gleam of faint light above the
horizon, and anon withdraws it from the sight—so with this
wicked scheme. In the message of 1829, it is just faintiy sha-
dowed forth without bones, muscles, veins, or arteries. The
distinguished statesman then at the head of Ways and Means,
animated by a puri'y of patriotism that seldom falls to the
lot of frail man, bursted from around him the shackles of
party, and cast the chains to the winds, rising equal to the exi-
gency of the occasion, momentous as the exigency was; directed
by his colossal intellect, his giant arm seized the half-shaped
monster and gave him his quietus for the time. Tbo serpent
was only scotched, not destroyed. He was permitted to rest in
a kind of doubtful torpidity, waiting a more propitious opportu-
nity. Appearances were altogether specious; it was never,from
that day to this, for one moment abandoned by its secret au-
thors. The deed was too daring in the green tree of the
past Administration. Passive subserviency to Executive
dictation had not then gained the ascendency in this -ami the
other House of Congress. The project slept unseen, ex-
cept by a small glimmering in the message of 1830,
and 1831, it was insidiously brought forward in the recommen-
dation of the removal of the deposites, in the message in 1833.
The spirit of Congress was still too pure to sanction so lawless
an act. But, sir, the master spirits of this gran I scheme Were
not to be foiled or disheartened by these discomfitures into an
abandonment of their plan. By the appliances of flattery and
excited prejudice, they stimulated Gen. Jackson to assume the
responsibility of seizing the public treasure—Caspar like, from
the custody of the law—a strong engine of Executive power
actively wielded by the master spirits in securing the succes-
sion. The most potent instrument aided by the exuberant po-
pularity of the then President, in effecting that result Now I
repeat "it. Never did  ny man labor under a more fatal delu-
sion than our present Chief Magistrate, in supposing his elec-
tion turned upon ar.y great question of national policy. He is
nothing more than the missletoe, the fungus oozed out of the
hickory tree, sustained and bolstered up by the corrupt use of
the people's money. The deposite act having passed in com-
pliance with the repeated importunities contained in every
message from the time of the removal of the deposites, praying
forthe action of Congress, restraining the discretion of the Ex-
ecutive over the Treasury, it obtained a most reluctant approval
ef the President, after full inquiry and ascertainment that a
veto would not arrest it. Sir, the restoration was doomed te
short life. Those who had used this potent engine to ae much
profit, felt most grievously its loss. Hence the systematical
efforts made through a pliant Secretary of the Treasury,
to arrest a successful operation of the act, at the sa-
crifice of the State banks, the ladder of their elevation But
what cared the President elect for honor, gratitude—'tis some-
thing—'tis nothing—office was attained, but office was to be
perpetuated at any sacrifice. He knew well the influence mo-
ney had exercised in bringing him into power, and that a conti-
nuation of this influence alone would preserve that power;
therefore it became necessary to blow up the deposite system,
that it might again become the reluctant duty of the Executive,
in the discharge of the duties of hi  office, to take the public
money under his voluntary and discretionary management,
that he might repeat the hollow and deceitful petition in his
messages, praying Congress to take from him all the discretion
not indispensable from the duty of the Executive. And how,
to the life, has he imitated hi* illustrious predecessor in this
particular. To make assurance doubly eure, the specie circu-
far ieism«4 forthwith upon the adjournment of Congress, in.
