Juftt, 1840.______________
I6th Cono.......1st Sf.ss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE 
Independent Treasury—Mr. White.
175
H. ot Reps.
ftw examples upon this point from Jacobs'* "Inquiiy in-
to the production and consumption of the precious metals."
In KngUnd, in the twelfth century, five hundred years
before a bank was established, the price of wheat va-
ried from 2 . a quarter to I*. 3d. In 1238, it rose to £2.
In 1270, it rose to £i 16s. and sometimes was sold at
£$ 9a. in 1S23, it was down to Is. 6d ; and in 1829,
it. 4ti to Is. and to 8.1. I could multiply examples of these
•oormciM fluctuations almost without number, not confined to
the single comm«dity of wheat, or the single power ol Eng-
land, but to be found in every hard money Government on the
6lobe. Why, sir, prices ol commodities are not alone regu-
ited by the amount of money in circulation; a variety of cir-
cumstances operates in fixing the value oi commodities. If it
be a eommod.ty of subsistence, famine, pestilence, war, failure
of crop  anJ excess of crops, and various other causes, as well
at an excess or deficiency of money or circulation, will ope-
rate upon its fluctuations in price. If it be an article of raw
material, as cotton or wool, an excessive over-production or
under-production will operate: the principles of supply and
demand bear powerfully in regulating prices. To suppose
that even an exclusive use of gold and silver by the f eople ol
ml country, as well as by the Government in its transactions,
would be a protection against fluctuations in prices, wild
speculations, individual bankruptcies, is a supposition that alt
history and all experience forbid. To propose to legislate as
this bill does, even partially, upon such an absurd supposition,
I  nothing more nor less tha-, for the most free, civilized, and
enlightened nation en tha face of the earth to tack suddenly
round, and take a retrograde movement to the barbarous dark
age and hard money times, to the tilt and tournament days of
Europe, with a I the calamities and miseries of that gloomy
period. If our Chiel Magistrate sincerely desires to save his
peoplefronthe catastrophe of wild speculation and bankrupt-
cies, there is one way todj it, and only one way; let him blot
out of existence our foreign and domestic commerce, sink in
the) wide and deep ocean alt our fine packet ships, steam vea-
•eta, sloops; pass unqualified non-intercourse edicts and em-
bargo laws; travene our sea-coast, our lake coast, ourmighiy
riversaodour small rivers, our canals, and sink every steam-
boat, canal-boat and trading vessel of every kind and dimen-
sion.-, and prohibit the building of more; traverse over four
thousand miles of railroad, (that seems to be an eye sote to
him.) and tear op their iron from their fastnesses; interdict all
trad* between the States; and he will then have effected his
object, without demolishing the -'gigantic banking institutions"
that be seems to think has produced all the overtrading and
wild speculation, and ruinous fluctuatioas in prices, in values,
in morals.
Now, sir, let us analyze this profound financial notion of the
President a little further. The argument is, by the use of spe-
cie m the transactions of the Government, you prevent its ex-
portation, and maintain a broader and Baler basis for paper
C'lrrsncy. Without any wanton disrespect oc levity, I must
say this is a bright financial idea. I had suppos-d, since the
total failure of the experiment of the famous Specie Older, to
prevent the exportation ol the precious metals, that Executive
as well as legislative interference had been abandoned. I tell
the President, he might as well attempt to stop the current of
the Potomac with his rattan—arrest the mighty rush of the
Mississippi by a log dam—or cause the ocean's waves to be
still by his majestic nod, as to check the exportation of the pre-
cious metals, whenever the foreign exchanges are against us by
an unfavorable balance of trade—by the use or operation o. this
miserable machine uf a Sub-Treasury, consisting of a few iron
safes, bolts and bars, and such like paraphernalia as decorate
any prison in the land. Specie, like water, will find its level—
it has no fixed abiding place—it goes wherever the channels of
trade carry it; you cannot confine it to any spot or any country.
But, sir, the remaining financial idea in this paragraph of the
message is mote supremely ridiculous, if possible, than the
one I have seen commenting upon. It is the old theory of Dr.
Sangrado revived again, ana applied to finance—"bloodletting
aad warm water," ttie panacea of the doctor for all diseases.
That the analogy may appear in all its just similitude, I will
read a short extract from the biography ot the doctor. "When
Dr. Sangrado was called to the Licencíate Sidello, in his ex-
tremity ne entered his surgeon to take six porringers of blood,
as the first eoort to supply the want of perspiration. Then he
said to th« surgeon, ieturn ia three houis and take as much
more, and repeat the same evacuation to-morrow. It is a gross
error to think that blood is necessary to human life—a patient
cannot be blooded too much." Who can doubt, after having
read this short sentence, but what our worthy President is prac-
tising in finance upon this theory: depletion, depletion, he says,
is tb* idea. Demand ten at first impulse, but upon a second
"sober thought" rive millions of silver in the transactions of
Government dues; take that amount from the banks, and by
this piocess of abstraction, or specie phlebotomy, you
strengthen the banks—'maintain a broader and safer basis for
the paper currency"—the banks would thus be rendered more
sound and the community more safe, cannot admit of a doubt.
O! delusion of man, if you really think so. O ! gullible com-
munity, if you can be cheated out of your common sense by
such financial jargon. The cardinal foundation of b^nk credit
Is the bullion tney hold in possession—in accordance wi'.h the
relation it bears to the amount of .ruiation, is that credit con-
sWered sound or doubtful; subtr a., f om tbo banks, fays the
President, a given su:n of bullion—(take from them (he vital
spark—the soul of their body—the etfiertal fire.) ''and yon add
to their strength," you "widen the oaiis ol their circulation."
The very opjios.te of what the P.esident contends, will be, and
has been the eriV.t of the practical operaiton of this scheme.
Here again we have the light of exper.ence, before which
theory vanishes—instead of strengthening the binfcs, one-half
of them or more have fallen under the renndy, paralytic, if
not actually dead. Withail duetlefereoce to the President, i
roust be peirnitted to say, he uWtw a very narrow view of the
subject wnen he supposes that an abstraction of four or five
miUlonsol specie wilt scarcely ba fell by the hanks and the
community. As was ably remarked by a distinguished finan-
cier, in discussing a d.flerent stibjdCt, "by taking «way the very
basis upon which five-sixths ol the currency reels, yau pro-
duce effects that can never be atiihmetically calculated, and of
Which no adequate concepuon can b¡¡ formed. An exact raúo
would contract the whole currency from whieh the specie is
thus drawn in the proportion in which paper is based on spe-
cie. It Is notorious, such a measure never operate  in an exact
ratio, but a looas ratio, arising from the alarm, panic, and dis-
WJ ibr* crtau, «ni tit* commicW rwooreM thsy cut of."
I
Surely it cannot be necessary for me to argue so absurd, so
ridiculous a proposition.
Let us, Mr. Chairman, for a few moments examine the effects
of ihie measure upen the creditor and debtor classes of the
country—these two divisions of society embrace the entire
community. The relation of creditor and debtor is a sacred
relation—a relation that cannot be touched by legislation, either
addir.g to or diminishing the obligation of the contract, without
violating the spirit and letter of the Constitution. Though
many may be the cases where, according to the high principles
of equity and eternal justice, the letter of the bondshonld not
be paid, yet it is better to submit to iudividuat injustice and
ruin, than surrender a sound and safe general principle 1 as-
sume that the ultimate design, and, if not the design, the inevi-
table effect ol this measure will be to destroy all bank currency,
and leave nothing as circulating medium but gold and silver,
and Government paper. This, I conceive, I have established
beyond all cavil. It is in vain for the President to try to per-
suade even the most credulous man, after he has read his va-
rious messages, that his ultimate object is not "a demolition"
of all existing banks. Mark the equivocal, non-committal
paragraph on this point in his last message. He says, "in a
country so commercial as ours, banks in some form will always
exist," clearly indicating that in their present form perpetuity
was not one of their attributes; if he does not mean this, why
crowd every message with denunciation upon denunciation,
charging them with perfidy, treachery, infidelity, iesorting to
all the low demagogue cant, such as 'monopolies," -'iireepon-
sible corporations,'' "dangers of associated wealth," alleging
it to be their tendency to encourage extravagance, luxury, de-
moralization. It is true, after exhausting the vocabulary of
low slang, he and his followers never fail to wind up with the
reservation, that in all this they mean no hostility to the banks.
Oh ! no, sir. The President in this reminds me of an assault
and battery I witnessed when a boy. In passing the road one
Christmas eve, I suddenly came upon two men in the middle of
the highway—one was flat upon his back, the other setting as-
tride of his breast, face to face, with his left hand gripped in the
h-iirof his fellow-citizen, and a two pound rock in his hand, de-
liberately striking him in the forehead, the blood rolling down
both sides of his head, unable to make any successful resistance,
having tasted of John Barleycorn a little too freely the over-day.
He yet had the use of his tongue—he petitioned his antagonist to
desist in most zealous and piteous terms. The fellow astride,
with the same tool, calm, sycophantical benevolence of our
Chief Magistrate and his clique towards the banks, (one-half of
which is now perfectly paralytic, and the other in a kind of tor-
pid existence under his beneficent treatment,) exclaimed, "be
still, be still, I don't mean to hurt you," (repeating it,1 "I don't
mean to hurt you." Now, sir, the reply of this unfeeling mon-
ster in human shape, was about as convincing to the judgment
of that suffering man, as the logic of the President is to the stock-
holders in those banking institutions—yes, those institutions,
that in 1834 it was offensive to the nostrils of the President and
his Secretary, as State Rights men, to insinuate aught against,
or even whisper suspicion of their utility—of their expediency—
of their unquestioned solidity—their capability to discharge all
the purposes of the Government, and all the business transac-
tions of the community. In connection with this part of the
subject, I cannot pass by the extraordinary change of opinion of
the President and Secretary, in the apace of a few years, npon
the powers of this Government over the State banks, as likewise
the expediency of exersásing those powers. In ihe debate in the
Senate of the United States, in the year 1827 upon the establish-
u ent of a uniform bankrupt law, Mr. Branch of North Caroli-
na proposed an amendment extending the act to banking corpo-
rations. Let us see what our present Chiel Magistrate then
thought and said upon this subject, two years before he was in-
doctrinated by the Missouri Senator. Mr. Van Buren said, "it
could not be denied that the clause interfered with the regula-
tions of State Governments, which was an odious exercise of
power sot granted by the Constitution. By including this sub-
ject of incorporations, it will be taken entirely from the States,
and subjected to the p wer of the bankrupt system. This was
never done, and never attempted in any country on the face of
the globe. When the Constitution was framed, such an attri-
bute was never thought of by those who authorized the esta-
blishment of a bankrupt system." The present Secretary of the
Treasury, in same debate, took the same view, only using strong-
er language if possible. I read a short extract from his speech:
"he was opposed to this featute (including banking corpora-
tions) because to pats it would be to bring subjects and citizens
within the scope of the General Government, never contemplated
by our fathers; would be sweeping all classes into this Norwegian
w hirlpool, this vortex of disaster and difficulty to State Rights and
State independence." Here then is the doctrine distinctly avowed
in 1827 by the Presidentand Secretary, that to pass a bankrupt law
embracing corporations, was not only a palpable violation ol the
Constitution, but a wanton outrage upon the severeiznty and
dignity of the States. Sir, contrast these extracts with the pas-
sages already presented to the attention of the committee, from
the Messages of 1837 and 1839, and the reports of the Secretary,
and what distrust of sincerity must attach to any political opinion
expressed by those distinguished personages: what confidence can
be repised in any statement they make upon the most grave
and vital political questions? How inconsistent is the present
opinion and policy of the President and his Secretary on this
topic, with the boasted featuie of this bill. No reasoning, no
argument, is required to prove that the passage ol a bankrupt
law as recommended by the President and Secretary in the?e
words—"the Treasury Department has suggested the propriety
of a uniform law of bankruptcies of corporations. Through the
instrumentality of sudia law, a salutary check may doubt-
1 si be imposed on the issues uf paper money, fully authorized
by the Constitution "—would create a more dangerous connec-
tion of G .virnment and banks—a more odious union of the poli,
txal power with the money power, than has ever existed in this
country. I will not stop to argue this question in detail, the mere
¡statement ot the proposition must strike every unbiassed mind
wi h irresistible conviction that the inevitable result would be
total bank "demolition,"'or total bank subserviency. Leaving
this digression, I return to the point I was discussing. It is in
vain for the Senator from Missouri to disclaim any idea, through
this measure, to destroy ali bank paper currency, notwithstand-
ing his express disavowal thai such will not be its effect, after
the volley of bilmgsgale stuff I have nauseated the stomachs, I
fear, of every member of this committee, by reading. It is in
vain for the Senator from Pennsylvania to attempt to gull the
hardworking yeomanry of the Keystone State by his claptrap
raolutigp, proposing an amendment to the United States Const!-
lutfon, to give Cppjrsw power over th  ¡State bank*, ajid his ac-
companying statement that he was no enemy of the banks—
1 regulate, not destroy," was his motto—when he embodies in his
remarks upon this very bill, this sweeping denunciation: "our
system of banking is the very worst, and the most irresponsible;
that has ever existed on the lace of the earth." With these evi-
dences,',! feel wai ranted in the conclusion I have adduced.
However ignorant the small fry in either branch of Con^repa
supporting this measure may be, and however ignorant many
of the honest yeomen, who see only the surface of things—secn-i i
of state are reserved for the masterspirits of the party; and I
now make the declaration, aftei close examination, alter matura
deliberation and reflection upon public affairs in this country for
the last ten years,ifyott can find precisely the views and designs of
the Senator from Missouri, you will know where the party in
power will ultimately land; no matter what may be their appa-
rent position upon the surface of things, sooner or later ho
brings them to the adoption of his measures. For example,
trace the party upon Ihe currency question, at first sustaining a
recharter of the United States Bank against him; suddenly
yielding; trace them upon the removal ol the depositee; traco
their conduct in relation to the State banks; upon the Kpede cir-
cular; trace the pany upon the disposition ol the publie lands.
He has dictated and controlled the entire policy; tiace them
upon the expunging resolution: "solitary and alorie he put the
ball in motion," and ultimately carried it by a triumphant ma-
jority. He now boasts and proves, that this great scheme, so
universally denounced by the party in 1834, now so idolized, is
his invention—and no candid man who understands the political
history of this nation for the last ten years will doubt it. He will
still continue to rule de facto, if this dynasty continues in pow-
er, I care not who fills the chair of state, arid ultimately he will
Consummate hia scheme of a great Executive machinery, a
mammoth Treasury bank, upon the total subversion, (in his
own language,) the "demolition," of all banking institutions.
The process will be a violent one. Sir, under the operation of
the banking system and on the faith of its continuance, in some
form,all our business has been undertaken, all contract* enter-
ed into. Abrogate the entire system, and you have a debt to the
banks alone ol five hundred millions, besides the counties'; mil-
lions of existing debt between individual and individual, (to pay
nothing of the foreign debt of two hundred millions,) with one
hundred millions of bank paper and eighty millions of specie to
discharge this sum; leaving a debt unpaid, after exhausting
every dollar of money in the country, both paper and specie, of
five hundred and twenty millions. It is only necessary to state
the fact, unvarnished and unexaegerated, to strike the dullest
mind with the irretrievable ruin that must ensue. And what
adds grievously to the inevitable catastrophe is the reflection
that the heaviest burden falls upon the poor and needy, and
those in humble circumstances. The rich dread no change,
while the rights of property are held sacred; they are the credi-
tor class; in ¡passing from a redundant or OHly a limited
currency to a contracted currency, the creditor grows rich,
by the appreciation in the value of money, without any
corresponding consideration, whilst the amount of debt
remains undiminished. The debtor's means are les-
sened in the ratio of contraction. No, sir, not in the exact
ratio, but a compound, an unnatural ratio. A debt contracted
in '36, when our paper citculation was two hundred millions,
is already doubled, independent of interest; as the contraction of
circulation progresses, the oppression and unequal Injustice
increases in an unnatural ratio. The price of labor and pruper-
ty is already reduced one half—annihilate the one hundred mil-
lions of paper, and you still leave a debt of six hundred millions
to be discharged with eighty millions of specie Who can, by
any ruleof arithmetic, undertake to calculate the depreciation
of property, and the appreciation of capital; the suffering and
ruin, the wo and misery such a process must bring up fi the
debtor portion of the community, and the poor of society. Who
can estimate the princely fortunes such an operation must give
to the capitalists, the wealthy classes of society, bir, I venture
the assertion with confidence, that under such a state of things,
John Jacob Astor could, in a twelve month, walk up one side
and down the other of the great Brie Canal, from New York to
Buffalo, and from Buffalo back again to New York, on his own
soil. And inferior capitalists could boast of their thousands and
tens of thousands of acres of the choicest land and houses; their
tens and hundreds of tenants, every one of whom perhaps pos-
sessing more mind and morals than his landlord. What a most
enviable state of society this would be under a hard money Go-
vernment. What a happy land. But, sir, what cares the Mis-
souri Senator and his surgeon Maitin Van Buren for all these
consequences to others: it neither moves their sensibilities, nor
shakes their nerves. Their own selfish ends are the ends they
aim at, not their country's. Sir, here again I discover a strik-
ing resemblance in the notions of Dr. Sangrado and the author
of this financial "expedient." The Doctor, when appealed
to by a surgeon, who protested to the Doctor, after following his
remedy of "blood letting and warm water" to the letter, every
one of his patients left him in the lurch, to surrender his theorjr,
and make an experiment of chemical preparations. "I would
willingly make that experiment, (he replied,) provided it could
have no bad consequences; hot I have published a book,in which I
have extolled the frequent use of bleeding and aqueous draughts,
and wouldst thou have me decry my own work7" ' Oh you
are certainly in the right," sa d the surceon, "you must not
give your enemies such a triumph over you; they would fay
you are at la t disabused, and ruin your reputation; pT;sli
rather the nobility, clergy, and people, and let us mn::uue in
our own path." Sentiments vtvy like have been written and
spoken by the paity in power, such :ts "he deserves to break
who trades on borrowed capita!;" the more thnn barbarian ex-
clamations, "perish credit,* perish commerce:" who so dull as
not make the app'ioti.m. Now, with all the ruin, wo, and,
misery with which the laid is afflicted, proceeding from the
practical operatin" ofilus financial scheme, mirCliicI Magistrate
stilly lolls upon his Parisian sofa, unhurt, unscathed, exclaim-
ing, "my own views of the subject are unchanged." Is this the
result of stern Executive duty, emanating from a deep convic-
tion of patriotism! If so, letall praise and all honor be given
for the motive.
But are there no circumstances calculated to throw a shade of
suspicionon his purity of conduct! lsthere no portionef the
mass of sixteen millions of people who feel no embarrassments,
no distress, in this general wreck! Is there no green spo', on
which the eye can rest, and say to the besom of destruction, ihis
is your landmark, thus for canst thou go, and no farther! Is
there any portion of this sixteen mil linns of people, that are be-
nefited, that are profiting, that are growing rich off the inir-
•flermJüley, of New YorV,lha bosom friend !" Mr. Van Baren/
