m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June. 1840.
S6th Cono.... 1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Sergeant.
H. ot Reps.
brie of credit and confidence, constructed by the wise and well-
directed labors of years, has been broken down and destroyed.
The Sub-Treasury is but the representative of the ruins of that
fabric. It is the poor residuum of the experiments upon the
fine gold of public credit and national prosperity, which have
perished in the heat of the fire kindled by the Executive and
nourished with his breath It is all that remains. The people
of the United State* are familiar witli it, by a sad and disastrous
experience, and they know that this bill, whatever pretensions
It may put forward as a measure, is only to give us perma-
nently for our portion the wieck and ruin of our prosperity.
It Is to continue what we have had for the last three years. The
knowledge of its operation, therefore, has been sufficiently
brought home to every one. Light abounds. If it be wanting
any where, it is here, where it is obscured by the thick mist of
party prejudice and passion, or shut out by undue deference for
the wishesof the Executive. Trade, Commerce, credit, the re-
wards of industry, the wages of labor, the value of property,
the price of produce, all have been crushed together, while the
Sub-Treasury has been in operation. If these be its concomi-
tants, does any one desire to continue a system which has
wrought such mischievous consequences'!
My intention, as already intimated, is to address this com-
mittee, or as many of them as may favor me with a hearing.
We are admonished not to expect very large audiences. I re-
member to have heard it once stated as a question at a public
meeting, whether a man had not the constitutional right to
■peak? It was answered by another question: whether a man
had not the constitutional right not to listen! In this excessive
heat, after so protracted a debate, and with a subject which has
become trite, the latter privilege is, perhaps, not an unimpor-
tant one; and no one can be blamed for availing himself of it.
Still it is my intention to address this committee, and to address
it upon this bill. Undoubtedly there are mafiy high and ambi-
tious topics connected with the subject of a very tempting na-
ture, and inviting to a large discussion; I will avoid them, as
far as possible, and confine myself to such practical views of
the measure itself as seem to me to have a direct bearing on
the question as to its adaption or rejection.
The supporters of this bill have, indeed, indeavored to give to
it extraordinary dignity and importance; for they have asserted
that it involves no less a question than whether the people are
competent to govern themselves. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Evans] answered well, that this question had long since
been decided—it is no longer an open question; for the Constitu-
tion of the United States itself is a fundamental act of self-go-
vernment, which bears upon its first lines that it is the work of
the people themselves. It is manifestly unconstitutional to en-
tertain a doubt upon this question, or to assert that it is not au-
thoritatively and finally settled. The truth is, as every one ac-
quainted with the history of this country knows, that the peo-
ple of these United States, from the very earliest times, have
substantially governed themselves. The early emigrants to
the theu colonies were abandoned to themselves at their first
coming to this continent. They scarcely engaged the concern
of the parent countiy; and one colony in Virginia, thus ne-
glected, fell a sacrifice to the savages of the wilderness. The
slight authority maintained by the British Crown over the colo-
nies, always more or less resisted, had not deprived our ances-
tors of the instruction to be derived from governing them-
selves, while their occasional struggles for a right or a privi-
lege served to fix deeply in them the value of the right of self-
government, and a knowledge of the true principles of civil and
political freedom. When the Revolution came, it found them
folly instructed, entirely competent, not requiring aid in this
respect from foreign Governments, and, least of all, from those
Which an essentially arbitrary and despotic. Their capacity
for self-government was not to be tested by submitting them-
selves to the will of an Executive. Nor is it now to be proved
by adopting his projects because they are his. Quite the con-
trary. Abounding in materials for human happiness, the gift
of a good Providence, they denied it their privilege and their
duty to take care that these blessings should not be counteract
ed by the evil of bad government. The arbitrary and despotic
Governments in Europe were beacons to be avoided, and not
examples to be imitated. Tne United States separated them-
selves from that system; they adapted oneof their own, as un-
like it as possible, thereby availing themselves of the advan-
tages of their condition to secure and consolidate the greatest
sum of hitman happiness and freedom. It is a recent discove-
ry, whose merit belongs to the present Executive, and entitles it
to a place in the Patent Office, that we must reverse all this;
that we must go to Europe, in its remotest parts even, and in
its most despotic Governments, for light and for example; end
that it is an evidence of delect in our system that it is not like
the system of Turkey or of Spain. There is something in this
too monstrousto be tolerated; it is at once to reject the bounty
ofProvklenceandthe wisdom of our forefathers. Vet the chief
argument ot the Executive in favor of his bill is, that it is the
plan of the monarchies of Europe, and especially of tho-e in
which there is not a remnant of political freedom; of some,
where it is lamentably notorious that the evils of despotism are
exhibited in their most odious and disgusting forms. Such a
scheme may suit well, as the President says it does, in Turkey,
where the sabre and the bowstring spaedily settle every corii-
Íílaint; where hu-nan right is uiknown 01 disreearded; where
luman happiness is so hale cared f>r, that there is neither en-
couragement nor reward for cultivating the earth; where, in a
word, a despotic and capricious will governs in eveiy thing;
where the fruits of bad governmnt are deplnably manifest,
and nothing is seen but ex iction and depression.
But does it follow that'll will suit the people of the United
States? Ciaimingtobe fr'e; living under acons'iiu'ional Re-
publican Government of iheir own making, and constituted for
their own benefit, anil not fir the benefit ol Government, is not
the very opposite coiclu-ion a wise and just onel Sucha
scheme, if it really exist, may besuted tuSp^in.andto Austria.
or to Prussia, but it do's not lollnw that it is suited for us. Is
it not derogat >ry to the wisdom of our ancestors, to the charac-
ter of our written Con-ititutions, to the free institutions which
have been established for us, that we should reject their teach-
ing to seek instruction from d irk and barbarous despotisms?
Their lessons may serve to build up or support a throne They
may help toaggrand ze the Executive, until, indue lime, lie
■hall resemble them; but they can never he adapted to that frame
of Government under which we have hitherto lived. They
•re odious for the source they are derived from. They ur°
odious in themselves. To adopt them is to reject the hehtof
our own experience—to abandon the claim we have hitherto
mad* of presenting to mankind a steady and beneficed system,
and wonky of being accepted by all who are in a conJuion to
receive it. It is, as it were, voluntarily and ungratefully to re-
ject the bounty of Providence, which, moie than the wisdom of
man, has placed us in circumstances to maintain and enjoy the
freest and happiest Government the world has ever seen.
Those who coolly argue for the reduction of the wages of la-
bor, and would persuade us that, if all other thinjs be reduced
in proportion, the re ward of industty is not substantially dimi-
nished, lose sight of two great and important considerations.
The first of these, which ene would suppose too obvious 40
have escaped their attention, is, that exactly as this reduction
takes place the value of Capital is increased to the capitalists.
If every thing else be reduced one half, capital is doubled; the
other is a great and important political consideration, intimately
connected with that jun mentioned.
The relation of wages to capital is one of the chief elements
of our happiness, and one of the main supports of our free
form of government. It preserves that equality upon which
our free institutions so much depend. It raises the industri-
ous laborer to a higher station that he can reach in any other
part of the world; it places him nearer to the highest; he is
worth more in his own estimation, and in the estimation of
others; he has motives for exertion, too; there Is nothing be-
yond his reach. He and his children may reasonably aspire to
the highest stations and employments, if they qualify them-
selves by their conduct to deserve it Man, as man, is worth
more here; he feels in a higher degree his dignity, he is capa-
ble of enjoying equality; and, under the influence of this feel-
ing, appreciates and maintains the institutions he lives under.
Whoever would voluntarily seek to destroy this relation—to
reduce the mdustiious laboring class to the degraded state in
which they are kept in other parts of the world—endangers the
equilibrium of our Government, and puts at risk our freedom
and our happiness. I would not advocate the compulsory ad-
vance of wages, because I know it would be futile and im-
practicable; but as long as they will maintain themselves at
an elevation above the wages of labor elsewhere, he is nota
wise friend of his country who would endeavor by any means
to force them down. The political economist may tell us, as
he has told us, that this would enable us to enter into competi-
tion with foreign manufacturers, and thus increase the national
wealth. But national wealth is a poor equivalent for what we
should sacrifice in thus obtaining it. I despise every system
of political economy which proposes no higher or other object
than to increase the sum of wealth. Human happiness is of
far greater importance; every scheme that would risk it for
the sake of wealth is ill-conceived. Occupation duly rewarded;
instruction; moral improvement; a prospect, with adeqnate
exertion, of bettering one's condition; the right cultivation and
indulgence of the feelings and the affections which God has
given us—these are what a good parent seeks to cultivate in his
family, even though it be at some expense and loss of money.
What is true of the domestic circle is true in large circles of so-
ciety; and, therefore, again I say, I despise every system, and
every argument, which looks only to the accumulation of
wealth. High wages are the glory of our condition, and they
are its security. We should desire to continue them as long
as possible. Let the springs flow as they now do, to spread a
Cheerful abundance among the classes who labor, rather than
to be forced up from them to fill the large reservoirs which are
too apt to be deemed the representatives of wealth. Do not
disturb the moral and political equilibrium; let money go if
it will; but do not needlessly, in order to recover it, waste
the materials for happiness, which, once lost, can never be re-
covered.
Leaving these considerations for the present, I proceed to the
more immediate consideration of the measure itself. The os-
tensible object of the bill is to be learned from the title, which
is an act to "provide for the collection, safe-keeping, transfer,
and disbursement of the public revenue."
This title does not profess to be either an amendment to, or
a partial alteration in, any existing system. It must be, then,
either an original provision, founding a Treasury system, none
having been before in existence, or it must be a total change.
That it is not an original provision everyone knows. That
branch of the 'service was long since provided for, by ar-
rangements hitherto deemed to be entiiely adequate. It is
then a change. The duty seems, therefore, to be imposed upon
those who offer it, to point out the defects in the formersystem,
and to show how they are, by this bill, to be corrected or sup-
plied.   No such thing has been done or attempted.
The real object of the measure may be collected from the
provisions of the bill; more fully, perhaps, from the exposition
of its supporters. They may be thus stated: 1st. To place the
public treasure from the time it is paid by the citizen, during
lis stay in the Treasury, and until its final disbursement, entire-
ly in the hands and keeping of individuals. 21. The individu-
als so to be entrusted to be appointed and removed by the Pre-
sident; so that, in effect, the whole treasure of the public will
be immediately subject to his power, by reason of his pow-
erover those who hold it. 3d. To separate the concerns
of the Treasury and circulation of the Government from
the concerns and currency and busines3 of the people; so
that they may flow in separate and distinct channels,
never intermngling with each other. The treasure of the
Government, 'from the lime it is drawn from the pockets
of the people, will give no aid or support tothiii transactions,
but be kept entirely apart. It will give no nourishment 10
trade and commerce; it will afford no "help to industry; an'it
will b3 distinguished by being always the best: whd-i the people
must be satisfiad to make use for their own purposes of such
as they caneet. A distinction isthu? to b? established, con-
trary to all former opinions and experience, and contrary to
the very genius and nature of our Government. 4th. In order
to make this separation moie perfect, 10 put an end toall inter-
course with binks— to make no use of ihcm as depositories,
nor in any esse to receive their paper; and, what is not the
least s'rik'ng feature in the system, no distinction <s made be-
tween good and bad banks—those which pay specie and those
which donot—but equally to condemn and reproba-e ihrmaM
5 h. For this purpose, to repeal the retoltition of Apid, lii",
hy which thepaperof specie pivng hanks is made receiva-
ble in duestothe Gov.-rnment. 61 li A/ter a limited nine to re-
ceive  tul pay nothini but gold and silver, and in the mean time
to require a rapidly increased proportion of coin in receip's
amlpayments. These are the ptiticlpal ohiecs; there aresome
other little matters which may be incidentally noticed, but they
do nit requite to be now «perilled.
The real effect of the bill, as has been already said, is to per-
petuate what has existed for three years pas'; «hat that will
tewe may judgefrom our experience durin? that period That
It will not cure or reliew any 0 f the «rila whieh have been ex-
perienced, and now press so heavily on every portion of the
country, is quite manifest; it is not a remedy; it is but a continu-
ance of the disease.
The final objects professed hy the friends of this bill, so far
as they can be collected from their publications and their
speeches, are these: to give, as they allege, greater steadiness to
the concerns of the Treasury; and, secondly, to introduce the
use of gold and silver. To what extent they would make this
change does not clearly appear, ner are they perhaps agreed.
Some would be satisfied with nothing short of the entire ba-
nishment of paper, and the total destruction of banks, while
others seem to suppose that they may be partially retained and
used. The act of the Government obviously favors the former.
The real end of the whole project is obvious enough. It will
be a total failure, or it will lead to that worst of all public evils,
the establishment of a great Government bank, managed by
the Executive branch of the Government, and spreading its in-
fluence and power over every department of the interest and
concerns of the country.
Looking to this measure, however, as it professes to be—the
establishment of a Treasuty system—there are certain princi-
ples on which such a system ought to be constructed, about
which it is impossible there should be any difference of opinion.
First, there should be economy—security against needless and
wasteful expenditure. The reason is plain: every expense
which is unnecessary, whatever may be the amount of it, is so
much additional tax laid upon the people, and laid to no pur-
pose, or worse. It is so much money taken from their pockets,
for which there is no return. It is money unavoidably used for
the purposes of corruption, for it is paid for no real service.
Secondly, there should be safety—security for the keeping of
the public treasure, to the utmost attainable perfection, and for
the same reason, that whatever is lost, is an additional tax upon
the people, for which they have no return. Besides, it is demo-
ralizing, by the seductive temptations it offers to those who are
charged with the custody of the public treasure, as well as to
those who may seek to avail themselvesof their immunities, by
soliciting and seducing them to violate their trusts. Thirdly,
with economy and safety, it should combine all possible regard
for the convenience and ease of the people.
Our Government requires, in an especial manner, attention to
these important objects. What is Government here? Our na-
tion is a great family, selecting from itself some of its members
to administer its common affairs for the benefit of the whole.
They contribute from the common substance to this administra-
tion, but they ought to contribute not one dollar more than is
essential, and what is so contributed ought to be faithfully kept
and honestly applied. It is not contnduted for the ease or the
advantage of the Government, nor to promote their enjoyment
or their indulgence, but for the common benefit of all. And be -
it remembered, further, it is a contribution from what they
have, a portion of their own; not something better than they
have themselves, and which they are to buy for the purpose of
making their payments. If they use convertible bank paper,
and are satisfied with it, in the transaction of (heir business, the
Government ought also to receive and be satisfied with it, in
payment by the people. It is contrary to the compact itself,
that in this respect there should be any distinction, and espe-
cially that there should be a distinction in favor of the Govern-
ment. It unnecessarily and injuriously elevates the Govern-
ment above the people, makes a separation between them, and
destroys that sympathy which an elective Republican Govern-
ment like ours ought at all times to feel, in whatever affects the
bedy of the people. Nor is this all: it abstracts a portion from
the Commonwealth of the country, (or the exclusive use of the
Government. The people have ne benefits from it; Itenters not
at all into their concerns. Two separate circulations are main-
tained at their cost, as if the circulation of the people were un-
worthy to associate with the circulation for the Government.
For this there is no necessity whatever. The Government can
be supplied, and ought tobe contented to be supplied, from the
channels which flow among the people. There should be ene
circulation for all, and it should extend through all, the Govern-
ment, like the heart in man, receiving the first supply, not, like
the heart also, appropriating the contribution not to its own ex-
clusive use, but exerting its whole energy in sending the whole-
some living current through every part of the system. In such
inquiries, little light can be derived from the examples of Go-
vernments differently constituted. Their principle is different
from ours. Their objects ami ends are different; they maintain
themselves by power and force, and they accumulate power and
fore i by every effort they can employ, in order that they may
maintain themselves in defiance of the people. Their object is
to keep down the people—to prevent them fiom doing any thing
for themselves—to keep as wide a separation as possible be-
tween the Government and the people. We misht as well upon
this question have sent a mission to consult with savage and un-
civilized tribes. I wonder, indeed, that the search was not ex-
tended still further—that they did not send to inquire for our In-
struction among the Hottentots and the Malays. If, indeed, they
had advanced beyond even these to the wall of China, they
might have found, in the Celestial Empire, the very thing they
desire—pure silver for the Government, end base metal for the
people.
Let us see how far this project of a Treasury is conformed to
either of the great and undeniable requisites before mentioned.
It will be found to outrage them all; and, if I  mistake not, to
outrage the plainest dictates of common sense and experience.
1. Ths Expense.
This is a very material inquiry; for every additional expen-
diture is an additional tax upon the citizen. Every unneces-
sary and useless expenditure is a wastelul misapplication of his
means, and a positive w ong to him. And this is especially the
rase when the m >ney exacted from him in taxes is employed
to pay officers who are no* wanted, or to pay them moie than
they ought to receive. This is the worst kind of sinecure—not
that theiifticcrs havennthii g to do, but that what they have to
do brings no benefit to the people; or, which is still worse, doee
them a positive injury. It mav be that they will contribute «o
tl,e ease, the convenience, and the strength, or, if yen please,
as in monarchies, to the ornament and dignity of the Executive
branch of the Government—to the splendor of the head. But
do they inure to the use and happiness of the people? l>o they
advance the interests of the naiionl Are they in furtherance
of the principles of our free republican institutional Quite
the contrary. They tend directly to pervert and destroy the
true character of our Constitution, aril to assimilate rw more '
neatly to a monarchy, with its ease, its splendor, magnificence,
and sinecures, purchased with the blood and the toil of the
subject. Every dollar taken for luch parpóse* from the eitfcea
is w purchase a weapon tor kit destroctjtm,  Kxptl  tf tfci 
