7 It
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840. 1
26th Cong......1st Sbss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Sergeant.
H. of Rep .    í
murder—and then we all exclaim, what a foot he was thus to
invite the robber to his dwelling!
What do associated bodies do, chartered or not chartered?
Where do they place their money for safekeeping? What do
public bodies do, towns, counties, States) They all resort to
banks. What do we ourselves do? The moneys drawn for the
uses of this House are placed in bank. If the United States
adopta different plan, they will stand alone; and they will
stand upon a foundation which the concurrent voice and expe-
rience nf the whole United States have declared to be insecure
and insufficient. This is a strange anomaly in a popular Go-
vernment, a representative Government springing from the
people, and one would suppose imbued with the principles, the
opinions, and the usages of the people. But these, it seems,
arc all to be rejected, and the Government of the United States
to be separated and distinguished in its very nature from the
people, as if it were a monarchy or a despotism, and had an in-
dependent character and existence of its own.
1 will not take up the time of the committee with insisting
upon the risk of robbery from without, yet it is certainly wor-
thy of some consideration. In former times, when the treasure
of the Comaiouwealth of Pennsylvania was kept in the Trea-
sury building in the city of Philadelphia, it is well known at-
tempts were made to rob the house by night. A bank in the
el'.yof Philadelphia has twice been robbed of large amounts,
once from without, and once without any signs of external
force. A receiver of the moneys of the United States in the
West was aorae years ago robbed of a large sum under circum-
stances which attracted a great deal of attention. Whenever
the same inducement is offered, as it will be by this bill, you
may look for the same results; and no one can assure yuu that
you may not look for pretended robberies, too, to cover real de-
linquencies. But enough has been said to establish beyond
contradiction that, in the ^essential point of safety, this plan is
utterly deficient.
We have been called upon for our plan. Our offering or not
offering a plan cannot make our objections either stronger or
weaker. Sur objection is, that this bill is essentially weak and
objectionable; but why should we offer a plan) We are but a
minority in this House, and in the other Bouse, and the Execu-
tive is against us. With what hope of carrying it, could we
propose any thing? I would readily state my own views, if there
were time and occasion, although there is no necessity for so
doing. They would be very simple. I would only remind this
House that what has been may be. If they wish to ki ow what
plan is, in all respects, best adapted to the service of the coun-
try, they have only to inquire what plan was in operation when
die condition of the country was most prosperous and happy.
They will not find it to be the Sub-Treasury, either as it has ac-
tually existed for three years past, or as it is proposed to be per-
petuated by this bill. This hint is sufficient for the present pur-
pose.
But why talk about a plan? We have airead seen that, in the
establishment of a Treasury, three points are to be regarded—
"safety, economy, and public convenience." For safety and
economy in keeping, banks are amply sufficient—good State
banks! Who doubts it? Their capital is ample security for
whatever may be deposited in them, and until that whole capi-
tal is exhuusted, the creditor can be in no dangei. Money
placed with them is protected by arrangements which they find
necessary for their own security. Confidence, in some degree,
Is necessary even in a bank, but in a well ordered bank the sys-
tem of cheeks is provided to make it as small as possible. It
is only where these guards are neglected, and too much confi-
dence reposed in individuals, that they suffer losses. But be
this as it may, their loss is no loss to the depositor, or to the
creditor.   The bank is bound to pay him.
The security of the public treasure deposited in banks rests
mainly on this, that it'enables you so to arrange your checks as
that spoliation of the public funds cannot happen.
Gen. Harrison saw this at once, with that intuitive and com-
Srehensive sagacity which so strikingly characterized him.
links were used from the beginning. When, some time ago,
in another debate, the act of 1<89 was quoted to show that com
was employed in the receipt and disbursement of the revenue,
the venerable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] pro-
duced an earlyTreasury order, directing the collectors to re-
ceive bank paper, or to convert their money into such paper,
and not to remit coin. The same venerable gentleman accom-
panied it with a remark—a perfectly just and obvious one—that
to withdraw a given amount of coin from a place of trade was
not merely to deprive them of so much money, but of all the
credit it would nourish. This plan was known to Congress,
and approved by Congress, at a very early period, not later than
■ the year 1794. In that year, BIr. Baldwin, member of Con-
gress of Georgia, in this House, as chairman of a committee
appointed for the purpose, made a report upon "the condition
of the Treasury." Any one desirous of becoming acquainted
with all the details of the Treasury arrangements, which, let it
be remarked, continued in full operation to this very day, with-
out any change whatever, will find them in that report, printed
in the American State Papers—title, Finance, vol. 1, p. 281.
The paragraph most material to the present inquiry is in page
23, under the head of "second, as to keeping." It is there
stated, with obvious satisfaction, in the first place, that the public
moneys are kept in the several banks; and, in the next place,
that neither the Treasurer nor any other officer of the Govern-
ment ever has in his possession, custody, or control, any of the
money or other things of value belonging to the United
States; they are deposited in bank. To be sure, if any in-
dividual could have drawn upon the bank, he would
have had as much control, and as dangerous control
over the money as if it had been in his possession; and, accord-
ingly, it has happened that defalcations have occurred wheie
such control was allowed to individuals. It is the same thing
as elving them the custody of ths public money. But then the
difference is this, and an important difference it is, that if the
money is in the hands of an individual, you can establish ne
check will prevent him from embezzling or using it. If the
money be in bank, you can easily establish checks which have
never failed; such are the checks established in the organization
of theTreaeury Department by Alexander Hamilton, under
which not a dollar lias ever been embezzled or lost; such are
the checks established by the act of 3J of March, 1817, which
have proved efficacious; such are the checks established in the
final arrangement of the Virginia Treasury, which have never
(ailed; and such are the checks which every well con-
stituted and well ordered moneyed institution in the United
States establishes for itself, and finds to be effectual as long as
they are maintained. It is only where un lue confidence in in-
dividuals caMee these guards to be neglected, that we find in-
stances of defalcation or embezzlement. When the treasure of
the United States is deposited in State banks, or in any banks,
these checks can be applied to it; it is theiefore safe. The mo-
ney is kept without charge, and therefore the keeping is econo-
mical; but if the money be left in the hands of the individual,
you can neither place guards over it nor have it kept without
paying for it.
in point of expense and safety, therefore, there is no manner
of comparison between State banks and individual depositaries.
The former are infinitely preferable. No man of common sense
and common prudence would hesitate between them in his own
affairs.
The risk from loss from the failure of banks employed as de-
positaries, is absolutely nothing. From the report of the Secre
tary of the Treasury of the lath of December, 1834. it appears
that all the losses from this cause, from the establishment of the
Government to the present day, are so small as not to be worth
estimating or considering. That the whole loss (including that
by bank paper) is not equal, as he says, "to the sums frequently
lost by the failure of many single disbursing agents connected
with different departments of the Government, and under bond,
they will not exceed what is due from two mercantile firm ."
This, it will be perceived, is a positive statement of a fact, which
is, of course, to be taken to be true; and there is no doubt of its
truth. There is no doubt either of the truth of the deduction
which the Secretary of the Treasury makes from it. In the
same report there is a plain assertion of the infinite superiority
of banks over individual depositaries. Accordingly, upon that
evidence, thus furnished by the Secretary, such has been the
universal conclusion. In the Doc. No. 10, of the present session,
there is a table contained, (No. 3,) which seems to present a dif-
ferent view. I say seems. It cannot be supposed that the Se-
cretary of the Treasury meant flatly to contradict himself as
to a plain matter of fabt. He had no other or better know-
ledge in 1837 than he had in December, 1834. He does not
pretend to have had any thing before him which ought to
change his statement. To suppose that under these circum-
stances ho has flatly contradicted himself, would be to discre-
dit him altogether. He would not be entitled to be believed
¡neither statement. The rule of law, and the rule of com-
mon sense, is to endeavor to reconcile evidence, Irather than
produce a conflict in it, and especially whep^it is the evidence
ef the same witness, who must o.herwise be made to contra-
dict himself, and destroy his own character for veracity. If
these two statement  be different in point of fact, one of them
must inevitably be untrue. But, upon examination, it will
be found that they can be reconciled; penetrating beyond
the surface of No. 3, which is certainly so contrived, whe-
ther by design or accident it is not for me to say, as to seem
to contradict the former one. The difference between these
two statements is this: the first of them, that in Decern ner,
1834, asserts a fact; the latter presents an estimate. The esti-
mate as no reference whatever to the fact, but is founded upon
considerations entirely unconnected with it. Still it must be ad-
mitted that these two statements have been made out—the very
face of them shows it—with contradictory views. The first was
designed to maintain that the State banks are secure and safe—
the last is designed to disparage all banks. And this contradic-
tion of purpose has led to the seeming contradictien between
them, whether designed or not.
But, with a little attention, we can reconcile the Secretary
with himself; and in charity we must do so. In the table No. 3,
there isa column with the heading, "Losses by deposite banks."
There is another column, headed "Losses on notes received."
In the first column, from 1789 to 1816, inclusive, the statement
is, "None appearing on the books," Why these qualifying
Words, "appearing on the books," -are introduced, it is difficult
to say, unless it is meant to suggest to the reader that there may
be losses which do not appear, and thus to raise a doubt in his
mind. The common rule is, "He non appartntibus, et non
existenlibus, tadem tat ratio"—a maxim very familiar to the
Secretary, and especially applicable here; because, if a loss did
exist, it must have appeared. Throughout the remaining pe-
riod, under this same head, some losses are stated, but of so
small an amount as not to impair the truth of what the Secre-
tary stated in December, 1834. So far, then, there is no contra-
diction. In the second column, "Losses on notes received," he
has the following statement for the four years beginning in 1S13,
and ending in 1816, to wit: "Estimated in these four years by
the Treasury Department at $5,500*000." "Estimated by com-
mittee of House ofRepresentatives at 834,000,000 " The grounds
of this estimate, or the principles on which it is made, are not
exhibited; we only discern that they are the same as those upon
which the committee of the House ofRepresentatives proceed-
ed. What these are we are informed by an extract from a re-
port of that committee, accompanying this table, and sent by the
Secretary to this House, no doubt lor the purpose of explanation.
Let us see what it is.
The distinguished chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. McDuffie,] who had made that report, was arguing
in favor of a National Bank, and in favor of the renewal of the
charter of the existing Bank. His object in the part extracted
was to show what the Government had lost, during the period
just referred to, by not having a National Bank—not that it had
lost by employing the State banks. No such thing. The whole
argument was consistent and clear, and very able. But the
Secretai y of the Treasury argues, not as the distinguished gen-
tleman at the head of that committee did, but, if he argues at all,
arguas against all banks. This is a total perversion of the
reasoning of the committee, and contrary to the very design of
it. It applies to a point which was not in the view of the corn-
committee. It may perhaps be skilful, but it is extremely un-
fair. Mr. McDuffie never said in that report that there had been
losses by Sute banks. He said there had been losses by not
havin  a National Bank; which was true then and is true now.
The processby which he reachednis conclusion is this: During
the snort period of the war he says you sold «80,000,000 of debt
atan average discount of 15 per cent. There was a loss, there-
fore, of «12,000,000, "which would in all probability have been
saved if the Treasury had been aided by such an institution as
the Bank of the United States " The plain antl obvious mean-
i ng of this is, if you had had a Bank of the United States,your ere-
dit would been maintained; you would havesold stock at a higher
price; therefore, you'would have saved the loss of the 812,000,.
000, or a part of it. But he says further: "The 868,000,000 re-
ceived by the Government for its stock was in bank paper,
which, compared with specie, was depreciated." This is as
plain as what goes before. The credit of the banks was better
than the credit of the Goverument, but bank paper was net as
good as specie. The Government was obliged to go to market
with its stock, is undue quantities, during the pressure of the
war, in order to get the means of carrying it on, and they had ta
take in exchange for it what people were willing to give. If
they had required specie, and been able to obtain it at all, they
could only have obtained as much as was equal to the amount
of bank paper received, less the difference. "But," says Mr.
McDuffie, "if you had had a Bank of the United States, your
stock would have sold better, because your credit would have
been maintained."
Ail this is very clear and intelligible; but the Secretary, inhii
estimate, calla tine a total loss, estimated by the committee, and
his own reduced estimate, a loss on notes received. Every
man who is able to understand this subject perceives that the
loss was upon the stock sold, because the Government could
not, in exchange for it, get a greater amount in bank paper.
Thus the whole is reconciled and explained, and the assertion of
the Secretary of the Treasury, in his report of 1834, stands tin-
impeached. By the two banks of the United States, employed
as depositories, and credited by receiving their bills, not a dol-
lar was ever lost in the whole period of their existence, which
was forty years. By the State banks, in the whole period of
our Government, from 1789 to the present time, the loss has
been so small as not to be worth computing.
The position, then, is clear and impregnable, that, for safety
and economy in keeping, banks are unexceptionable—individu-
al depositaries, as clearly, are not. Banks, then, are unques-
tionably preferable. Individual depositaries ought never to be
resorted to, and never are resorted to, but in case of absolute
necessity. Whenever they are resorted to, fiom necessity or
othetwise, loss is sure to follow.
Certain other things, besides safety and economy in keeping,
are requisite to a complete system which, it may lie admitted,
neither State banks nor individual depositaries can adequately
supply. The fiscal convenience and regularity of the Govern-
ment, the maintenance of a uniform currency in sufficient
quantity, the adaptation of the fiscal concerns of the nation to
the business and circulation of the country, so as to assist and
regulate th> m; all these are things which are desirable, and
which may be attained. Supposing that State banks and indi-
vidual depositaries arc equally incompetent in this respect, still
the banks would have tne superiority in point of safety and
economy. Their preference would be a plain dictate of pru-
dence. In reality, however, even State banks can do much
more than individual depositaries can towards the accomplish-
ment of these purposes. They can only be effectually and tho-
roughly accomplished by means of a National Bank. You ne-
ver have had, and you never can have, a perfect system without
it. With it you have had, and you know that you can have, a
system as perfect and as conducive to the welfare of the people
as the nature of things will allow. It worked better than any
system in the known world. It answered fully all the purposes
of the Treasury; it conformed to the habits and wishes of the
people; and it went hand in hand with their prosperity. With-
out it you have had nothing but disorder, and you never will
have. The present question, however, is not about a Bank of
the United States: it is between banks and individuals; and I
trust enough has been said to show that individual depositaries
are unsafe and extravagant. On this point there seems to be
universal consent throughout the United States.
I owe some apology to the committee for going into as much
detait under this head. It is tedious, undoubtedly; but I trust
they will be satisfied that the evidence thus exhibited to them—
bearing as it does directly upon the practical operation of this
project—is more instructive than any general statements would
be, and far more satisfactory than the more general views in
which the subject might be considered.                            x.
A Sub-Treasurer will have no difficulty whatever^^rffytng
off the public treasure; he has only to rellthtch«st to a steam-
er that may b  ttad* to depart, srmMnrTrfnTthe money are im-
mediately beyoad the reach of the Government; or,  f he has
been previously delinquent, he may carry himself off in the
same way, without any risk of being overtaken.
We now proceed to the remaining point to be considered,
namely, the convenience ef the plan.
We have already, as has been before remarked, bad it in op ,
ration for three years. There is nothing in the effects it has
produced during that time to recommend it for continuance.
On the floor of this House it was declared three years ago, by
the then chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means, that
it was in operation; and, "in spite of lamentations here or else-
where," would be in operation until the 4th of March, 1841.
The meaning of this declaration was, that it would not be re-
pealed during the term of the present President—he would veto
a repeal. Whether he meant this as an intimation that no relief
was tobe had but by a change of the head of the Administra-
tion,! will not undertake to say, but assuredly the people have
taken it as a hint to that effect, and are now, with unexampled
zeal and unanimity, preparing to cut up the evil at the root by
means of the ballot box. A change thev have resolved upon;
and who can wonder at it after what they have suffered and what
they have beon told? The bill means one of two things: either
to establish a different and better currency for the Government
than that used by the people, or to force into use a bard money
currency for all the concerns of the country.
It proposes, finally, by one or both of these meant, to break
up and destroy the banking or credit system. My position, on
this subject, is a very plain, and, as it appeals to me, a vsry
safe bne. Itis this: that it is cheapest and most convenient for
the people to pay their public dues in their accustomed curren-
cy. If that be convertible paper, their adoption of it proves that
it is as good, or better than specie. It is better suited to their
business, else they would not adopt it. Why should they not
pay in it? What is asked, and what ought to be expected from
them by the Government, is a contribution from what they have.
It is the toll to the miller—a pait of the produce sent to him to
be manufactured, taken from the mass. So it should be 1Mb.
the Government. There is no more reason or convenience in
requiring of the citizen to buy for them something out of his
usual way of dealing, than for the miller to demand that his toll
should be paid in superior grain. The only example to the
contrary, that I know of. is that of China, already mentioned.
The nature of our Government demands that this system should
be adhered to. A departure from it tends to change the cha-
racter of the Government. It makes the distinction in tavor of
the Government elevating them in this respect above the peo-
ple, as if that which the people find good enough for themselves
wers not good enough for the Government. Haestroyethesyra-
pathy of the Government fer the people, bj removing from the
Government all feeling of the afHictioss which, by their pressure
weigh down the people—they are not felt by the Treasury. By
this'schemeofa separate circuAon, there'is a separate pulsa-
tion, so that the disease which tísIU i '
the people is not felt at the
