m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1846.
36th Coko««"1st Skss.
Cumberlnnd Road—Mr. Corwin.
H. of Rgpg
other suffering interests of ihe country, because it cripples these
Institutions, and lessens iheir power of relief.
But now let us see truly how this matter really stands In
1830, only ten years ago, this country was in a state of solid
prosperity. There was nothing in it that was speculative or
treacherous; there was no hidden disease then Iu Icing in the
system. Our actual condition was what it appeared to he, and
in all the elements ot happiness it never was surpassed. At
lira end of the year l8J0(a.id this is a pfoof of what I have just
said) we owed nothing or very little. We were out of debt.
Our imports for the ten preceding years exceeded our exports
but about three million five hundred thousand dollars a year,
which is net more than was made up by a fair profit. The im-
ports and exports of gold and silver during the sim; poiio.l
were about equal, as nearly as can be asceiumed. The annual
average sales of public lands were about one million two hun-
dred thousand dollars. It has been stated that in 1811 we had
•bout fifteen millions • f specie; some think it was not si much.
In 1830 the specie in the couniry, as stated by the Secretary of
the Treasury, was thiity millions, having been doubled in the
twenty years. Of this, he says, twenty six millions were in the
banks. This specie, as you have seen, had been paid for by
our exports, and was our own. These amounts were fouad
ample for the use ol the country. Not a bank, at tither pe-
riod, had suspended. Such, then, was the condition of the
country in the year 1S30. All this has been fearfully changed,
and note the period when the change came over us. It was
precisely when the Government undertook to interfere with the
currency, and to change violently our whole money affairs.
For the seven years which followed from 1S31 to 1S38, our im-
ports exceeded out exports (making allowance for a reason-
able profit) twenty-four millions of dollars a year. Of
this excess one-third, that is, eight millions of dollars a year,
was in gold and silver; we added, the Secretary boastingly
•aid in one of his reports, finy-five millions of dollars to our
•'.ock. Thus we had eighty-five millions of dollars in gold
and silver, and in this state of things the banks suspended
specie payments. They were maintained when we had but
thirty millions, and they were suspended when we had eighty-
five millions. The annual average sales of the public lands
lor the seven years were 311.316,930, seven millions of which
were paid for in specie, in the last haif of the year 1833, after
the specie circular had been issued. And now the whole
couniry is in anguish. What does this specie cost us? Re-
member it is not our own. We have not paid lor it. It is a
debt we owe. It costs us not less than <3,850,000 a year, in-
cfadtng interest and charges. Better had it never been brought
Id; better it ware al. sent back, the debt paid with it, and the
country relieved from the burden of nearly $4,000,000 a year
for specie which is of no manner of use to us. But the mis-
chief does not end here—there is a further evil to bs consider-
ad, of greater magnitude, and plainly chargeable upon the Go-
vernment. When the deposite  were removed from the Bink
of the United States, the Government took upon itself to direct
and manage the whole currency by near  of the State banks.
Having pledged themselves that, by these means, we should
have a better currency, they undertook to manage the State
banks in order, in their way, to redeem their pledge. Three
things they clearly and constantly indicated as necessary to the
success ol their plan—an increase ol bank capital, au extension
of bank accommodation, and an increase of the quantity of gold
•ad silver. They succeeded by their influence and manage-
ment in all these points. It is the wisdom of the Government,
if wisdom it may be called, which has produced them all. As
they successively appeared, they were hailed by the officers of
tha Government as tne evidences of their success. When they
«ave all failed and exploded together, as the Government was
admonished they would do, then, for the first time, the Govern-
ment seeks to hide the final cause of our disasters, and to visit
them upon their own instruments and victims. But at present
wean speaking chiefly of the specie which the Government
especially solicited to come among us; nothing was ueeessary
for our happiness but plenty of gold and silver, plenty of banks
and bank capital. We all remember the time when the silly
promise was made that, in a few years, every substantial man
should have a silk purse with "gold peeping through the in-
terstices." iiow has this promise been kept! Ask a laboring
man how it was with him in the year 1830. He will tell you
he was fully employed. Ask him what he was paid in. He
will say, probab.y, that he does not recollect, but he knows that I
it was money which enabled him to supply himself and his fa- '
roily with food and raiment and shelter, and a reasonable por-
tion of comforts. How isit with nim nuwl He is without em-
ployment, destitute, wnh neither gold nor silver, nor any other
money which he can go to market with. And yet in 1830 we
hid but thirty millions of gold and silver; now we have eighty-
five millions! No one can beata loss to perceive how thi«
gold and silver mania has wrought upon our afT.urs In 1830,
the banks are said to have had twenty-six mil.ions of specie.
In 1836, as appears by the Secretary's report in December,
1S37,   they had forty-four millions, making an  increase of
-   eighteen millions. According to another report of the Secreta-
ryí they might safely operate on this specie to three times the
-  amount. It made no difference to them whether the money
was botrowed,oroor own; whether we had paid for it, or were
in debt and were paying interest. They knew nothing of all
this. Its possession, by the theory of the Secretary, warranted,
and no doubt caused, an expansion to the amount of at least
fi tyfour millions of dollars. Here, then, we were trading up-
on Wrowed gold and silver, as already intimated, invited and
coaxed into the country by the measures of the Government.
To send specie away was a sort of treason, and denounced ac-
c >rding!y by the great financiers.
One instance I have heard mentioned, which particularly ex-
emplifies this Government management The banks of thecny
oí New York were restricted by their charters, so that they
could notdi-icouitmorcthsnfiuy per cent, beyond theircapi-
tal. By the Government deposites, some of them found them-
selves enabled to lend much more, and were desirous to bs re-
lieved from the restriction. Ttiey accordingly applied to the
■ Legislature of New York. That body, instead of proceeding
directly to erant or refuse their request, adopted a circuitous
method, the reason of which it is not easy to understand. They
authorized the banks to borrow money, and to discount to the
amount so borrowed, and fifty per cent. more. Some ef the
banks negotiated loans in England under this authority, one
would suppose metely to comply with the law, and not intend-
ing to bring the money from England, as they had already more
than they could employ. Some time after, the Treasury signi-
fied to them, in the course of their management of the deposite
banks, that they must increase their stock in specie.   Such ad-
vice was, in effect, a command; it must be complied with, or the
loss risked ol the deposites. One bank, theiefore, ordered, in
part of its loans, two hundred thousand sovereigns in gold.
They were accordingly shipped; they came directly from the
Hank of England. An intelligent merchant, extensively en
gaged in business, became apprehensive that the bringing
away of geld might cauae alarm in England and injure the
American credit theie; be, therefore, purchased twenty thou-
sand of these sovereigns, and sent them back to England. They
returned, within six months, into the Bank of England in the
very same packages, with the bank's mark upon them, in
which they came out. This operation, without any advantage
whatever, could not have cost the country less than five per
cent. Itwasa dead loss withoutequiv lent ol any sort; and so
is all the borrowed gold and silver winch we have in the coun-
try. We have more specie now than we ever had before, and
cannot pay specie.    Who is benefited by ill
We were particularly anxious for gold; and the Executive
was aided in his schemes for bringing it ints the country by the
gold bill, as well as by bank operations of a nature just men-
tioned. The S cretary of the Treasury, in one of his reports,
tells us that we had increased our stock of gold fifteen millions
of dollars. If you will examine the accounts of the Bank of
England, you will find that, as the gold was coming to us, it was
at the same time time leaving the bank. The Bank of England
became alarmed, in the latter part of 1836, at the loss of ita btil-
lien, and began to inquire where it was going, in order to stop
the drain. They discovered that it was flowing to the TTnited
States; in self-derence, which cannot be deemed unjustifiable,
they discredited American bills, and this immediately produced
the commercial convulsions we suffered in the early part of
1837.
A merican credit in England was destroyed—laree amounts ol
bills were sent bark; cotton fell; and the whole train of disasters
followed, which we well remember, including the suspension of
our banks.
In tracing these things back to their final cause, no one can
fail to see in it the active hand of the Government. To its un-
happy and preposterous influence we owe the whole mischief,
the multiplication and expansion of banks included. The
¡ stimulating influence of Executive matiaeement was con-
stantly applied, encouraging and exciting enterprise, and at the
same time directing it by force into these channels. And wo
have not dons with this ruinous interference yet. The specie
must be kept, and the Sub-Treasury is to keep itat an expense, in
interest and charges, of four millions of dollars a year! This
would seem like infatuation, if it were not much worse. The
real use of the Sub-Treasury is, that it has served the Govern-
ment for a mask to eever its misdeeds. The attention of the
country hes been occupied by this preposterous project, instead
ol being turned to ihe investigation of Executive abuses—occu-
pied in self defence against the odious measure. It is a coup
d'etat, struck by the Administration, when all else had failed, to
engage the thoughts of the people, and rally party upon, so that
the eyes of our fellow-citizens miaht not be directed to the real
causes of their distress. They will right themselves, notwith-
standing, I firmly believe, by the constitutional method of chang-
ing the Executive. One cannot believe that they will longer
submit to the ruinous effects of such foolery. For ten years all
has gone wrong. The remedy is change. No change can be
for the worse.
The history of the sales of the public lands is exactly the
same. The excesses there, too, were encouraged and hailed by
the Government, hi 1835, they suddenly mounted up to the
enormous sum of fourteen millions of dollars. In his annual
message to Congress, in December, 1835, the President con-
gratulated the country upon the fact that eleven millions had
been received from this source, as an evidence "of the ircressing
prosperity of the country," and of the "advance of agricul-
ture." The-evidence went on increasing in the following year,
and ought, one would suppose, to have produced further con-
gratulation. But prosperity increased too fast, agriculture ad-
vanced too rapidly; and all at once, in the middle of the year
1836, instead of leaving these things to correct themselves, the
Executive inter.ered to check them. The famous specie circu-
lar was issued to redure the sales of lands. The measure was
wholly ineffectual for its purpose, as any one might have fore-
seen it would be. The sales, in the remaining half year,
amounted to seven millions of dollars, and the total for the year
was twenty-four millions. But the same circular, which con-
fessedly was inadequate for its ostensible purpose, was effec-
tual for mischief. It increased the demand for specie, raised its
value, became a new element of disorder in our currency, and
powerfully assisted to bring on the catastrophe which soon fol-
lowed. No one can estimate tie extent of the injury done by
the morbid appetite for gold and silver.
In i he bloated expansion produced by the hotbed culture of the
Administration, the Treasury had its share; it was filled to
bursting. The surplus of nearly forty millioHsof dollars, which
remained after all means for exhausting it had been employed,
vas directed to be distributed among the States, and the Secre-
tary contrived so to work the distribution as to cause Ihe
greatest possible disturbance. Thus, it appears, that we had all
ihe external symptomsof prosperity, and amons them an over-
flowing Treasury, and especially that gre-t desideratum, plenty
of gold and silver. When the Mte President of the United States
•went out ol" office, he said that he left us prosperous and happy.
So were the people of|Natchfz at 2 o'clock on ihe fatal 7th of
Miy. But the elements of destruction accumulated during the
preceding seven or eight years, by the fostering care of the Ex-
ecutive, suddenly burst upon us. They are still r.ijring. The
vessel of state is among the breakers The effort of every man
should be to get her back into deep water All hands should
come upon deck, from the captain to the cabin boy; no skulking
below. Bit the Government, who received her in peifect
train well fined and found; who lost the reckoning, and kept no
look out; who seized upon the wheel, when they could not steer;
who have, in short, caused the whole disaster—would now take
the boat to themselves, carry off the stores, and leave the crew
crew and cargo to perish; coldly saying, "yon expect too much
from us." II any sacrifice is to be made, they should be
be thrown overboard first, VI speak of them efficiaHy.) who
have brought the calamiy upon us; they should be cashiered;
they should never be trusted again.
There are two principal reasons, at least, why they should
take their share of the common distress, and help us to get out
of it. They who administered the Government have thared
with us their full portion of the fruits of our treacherous pros-
perity. They have had their coffers well filled. Would they now
separate themselves from us in the day of our adversity7 Is
this the time to ask for a divorce, and lake the strong box to
themselves! But, further, they have contributes powerful]  u>
that adversity, if they have not been the sole cause. They mar
have blundered; it is to be hoped they did—for delibéralo deshm
to work out such effects would be inhuman and fientllike. But
their blundering has far surpassed what their utmost skill coulj
have accomplished. Nor have they gone on without full warn-
ing. At every step they have been told what would be the con-
sequences, and every prediction has been verified, so that now
there is no difference between the prophecy and the history.
But they disregarded all warnings, as they did all "lamentations''
here and elsewhere.
That they are thus chargeable, the proofs ate manifest. Th«
whole has occurred in their time and under their management.
From 1830to the present time is the whole petiod. For this
period they are rcsponsib e. If this be not enough, it is most
obvious that, by the exercise of the powers entrusted to
them, they have made the changes which we now deplore,
from the solid prosperity of 1830 to the extreme adversity we
are now laboring under. They have encourged, nay. they have
chiefly caused, all the excesses. The increase and expansion
of banks, and bank capital, and bank paper, have been owing
to them. The excessively increased sal. s ol public lands met
their approbation and favor. They promoted and encourged
excessive Importations, and especially the excess of importa-
tion of gold and silvei; and the debt we owe for it All these
things, and the great interests connected with them, instead of
being treated cautiously and carefully, as their delicate nature
required—instead of being treated with reference to those who
were most concerned, and who were best acquainted with
them—were subjected to the power of party dogmas, to be re-
ceived as authoritative, without inquiry, and followed blindly to
the consequences, whatever they might cost.
Other aud highly interesting v iews might be taken of this que .
tion,but it is time to come to a conclusion. Does any man believe
that in the present measure there is a hope of remedy or relief)
Will it bring us nearer to that condition of solid prosperity which
we enjoyed before this «enes of disasrrousexpcriments began!
The measure itself never was intended for a lemedy. The
President told us at the extra session that the people expect too
much from the Government; and, havi * preparad them by
this admonition, proposed the Sub-T easury ! It will not help
the people—that is quite clear. They want a uniform curren-
cy, and in sufficient abundance. This will not satisfy their
wants in either respect. But, still further—and here it appears
to ms most plain that the Government is wanting in Its duty—K
will prejudice the people, and embarrass and cripple their ex-
ertions to save themselves, however it may help the Govern-
ment. The plan of an independent circulation, how. ver it may
aggrandize the Government by Increasing its patronage and
power, will be constantly crossing and jostling the concern of
currency and business. And, finally, the failure of this plan
itself will be the argument for establishing that most detestable
of all devices, a Government bank! When that comes, our Re-
publican Constitution is virtually at an end.
Whether the plan in this bill is practicable at all, may well
be doubted. But having detained the committee so long. I will
not enter into that inquiry. I have shown that it contradicts
every principle which ought to be regarded in the establish-
ment of aTreasury Department; that it has neither economy
nor safety.nor public convenience to recommend if, that it Is ex-
pensive and wasteful, unsafe and highly inconvenient, and inju-
rious.   For these reasons it ought to be rejected.
NOTE.
Extract from Mr Baldwin's report to the Houie ofReprt-
tentative*,- in "fAe condition of tha Treatury Depart-
ment," May 22,1794.
"The Treasurer, pursuant to general directions froi*-*'* Se-
cretary of the Treasury, keeps the public mon«>j< under hit
control in the several banks. Fui iiiti'l  tne banks of North
America, New York,. Massachusetts,   and   Maryland,  were
Íjlaces of deposite. At present the public moneys are kept
n the Bank of the United Sutes or its several offices of dis-
count and deposite, at Boston. New York, Baltimore, and
Charleston, and in the Bank of Providence. The Treasurer has
never any public money in his possession or custody, which it
is not in fact deposited in bank from the the moment'hi* pos-
ses-ion or custody commences till it ceases by the disburse-
ment of it for public purposes, except in the ease of bank bills,
orders upon individuals, Ac. heretofore enumerated, as remit-
tanceifrom the supervisors of the revenue and collectors of
the customs to the Treasurer; and those, also, immediately af-
ter the receiptor them, constitute deposites in bank, to the
credit of the Treasurer.
'The Secretary ofthe Treasury, or any other officer of tha
Department besides the Treasurer, never has the possesion or
custody of snv part ofthe public moneys, except in cases here-
after specified.) And the possession or custody ofthe Trram-
r r is. as already stated, exercised through the banks The
only exception to this observation respects certain inconsidera-
ble sums occasionally placed in the hands ofthe commissioner
of the revenue for the service of the light-house establishment,
and certain othersmall sums for the contingencies of the offi-
ces ofthe Secretary.Comptroller, Commissioner ofthe revenue,
and Auditor; and which are, from time, in proportion to to their
expondltures, placed in the hands of the Register for disburse-
ment, who renders an account of the disbursement, which un-
dergoes a regulsr and formal settlement, as other public  *•
cou¡Hb\-American Sfate paper , vol. Finance.
ECHfOF MR. CORWIN,
OF OHIO.
tstnlativi, February 15,1840.-—
ton to instruct the Com mi tre of
ds to report an appropriation for
i of the Cumberland road 
of Ohio rose and .«aid:
Mr. Spkiickr: I am admonMW, by the eager so-
licitations of pentlemen around tne to give way for
a motion to adjourn, of that practice of the Hoot*
which accords u* more of le-sore on this day than
is allowed us on any other day of the wrek. The
servants of other good masters are, I believe, ia 
| dulged in a sort of BaturnalUm in the afternoon of
InlheHov^rfM
On the prop^sj
Ways anAMe
the coniinoatij
Mr. rORWI
