Feb. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
783
£6th Como.* Ist Sbss.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Corwin.
H. of Reps.
Saturday; and we have supposed that our kind
master , the people, might be willing to grant us,
their most faithful slaves, a similar respite lrotn
toil It is now past three o'clock in the afiemoon,
and I should be very willing to pause in the discu-
sión, were I not urged by those menacing cries of
"Go on," frem various parts of the House. In this
state of things, I cannot hope to summon to any
thing like attention the unqui t minds of many or
the jaded and worn-down lacuhies of a still larger
pottion of the House. I hope, howevc, the Houie
will not withhold from me a boon which I have of-
ten seen granted to others, that is, the privilege of
speaking «iihoot being oppressed by a crowded au- '
dwnce, which is accompanied by this additional ad-
vantage, that the orator, thus situated cm at least
listen to and hear himself.
If yon, Mr. Speaker, and the members of this
House, have given that attention to the speech of
the gentleman trom Michigan, (Mr. Ceurv,) made
yesterday, which some of us here thought it our
duty to bestow, I am sure the novelty of the scene,
to say nothing more of It, mast have arrested your ,
curiosity, if, indeed, it did not give rise to profound I
reflection.                                                               i
I need not remind the House that it is a rule here
(as I suppose it is every where else where men dis-
pute by any raje at all) that what is said in debate
should be relevant and psninent to the subject un-
der diacassion. The question before us is a propo-
sition to instruct the Committee of Ways and
Means to report n bill granting four hundred and
fifty thmsand dollars to continue the construction
of ue Cumberland road in the States of Oho, In-
diana, and Illinois. Tne objections to the measure
are, either that this Government is in no sense
hound by compact to make the road, or that it
is not n work of any national concern, but merely
of local interest, or that the present exhausted state
of the Treasury will not warrant the appropriation,
admitting the object of it to be fairly within the ,
constitutional province of Congress.
If  the gentleman from  S-mth  Carolina (Mr.
Plans) and the gentleman from Maine, (Mr.
Pasus,) who consider the Cnmbeiland roa 1 a work
of mere sectional advantage to a very small portion
of the psople, have attended to the sage di'qu-s'-
tiens of the gentleman from Michigan on the art of
war, they must now either come to the concusión
that almost the whole of the gentlemmV spe xb is
what old-fashioned people would cal! a "non srqui-
fur," or else that this read connecs itse f with not
merely the military defences of the Union, but is
interwoven  most intimately  with the progress of
science, and especially that most difficult of all sci- ,
caces, the proper applies1 ion of strategy to the ex - i
gendes of barbarian warfare.   It will be seen thai
the far-seeing sagacity and long-reach :ng under-
standing of the gentleman from Michigan has d s-
eovereJ that, before we can vote wita a clear con-
science on the instructions proposed, we must be
well informed as to the number of Indians who
fought at the battle of Tippecanoe in  1811; bow
these savages were painted, whether red, black, or
blue, or whether all wete blended on their barba-
rian faces.   Farther, according to his views ot the
subject, before we vote money to make a road, we
■ust know and approve of what General Harrison
thought, said, and did, at the battle of Tippecanoe!
Again, upon this precess of reasoning, we must
inquire where a general should be when a batile
begins, especially in the night, and what bis position
during the fight, and where he should be found
when it is over; and particularly how a Kentuckian
behaves himself when he hears an Indian war-
whoop in day or night.   And, after settling all these
puzzling propositions, still we must fully under-
stand how and by whom the battle of the Thames
was fought, and in what manner it then and there
became onr troops, regular and militia, to conduct
themselves.   Sir, it mast be obvious thst if these
topics are germaa to the subject, then does the
Cnmberland road encompa-s all the interests and
all the subjects that t<<ucb the rights, duties and
destinies of the civilized world; and I hope we
shall hear no more from Sou hern gentlemen of the
Barrow, sectional, or unconstitutional character of
the proposed measure.   That branch of the subject
is, I hope, forever quieted, perhaps unintentionally,
?9
by the gentleman from Michigan. His military
criticism, if it has not answered the purposes in-
tended, bes at least, in this way, done some serv.ee
to the Cumberland road. And if my poor halting
comprehension has not blundered, in pursuing the
soaring |pwa-d flight of my friend from Michigan,
he has irf this discussion written, a new chapter in
the uregu'sBphilosophandi,"ajrá made not ourselves
only, but the whole world bis debtors in gratitude,
by overturning the old wjsm out principles of the
• inluctive s\sfm."    /
Mr. Speaker, the:e/4iave been many and pon-
derous vi'lnrnes written, and various unctuous dis-
courses delivered, osithe doctrines of "association."
D.tgald Stewart, a/Scotch gentleman of no mean
pretentions in hi/ d y, thought much and wrote
much concerniijg that principle in mental philoso-
phy and BiowiT, another of the same school, but
of later dale, pis also wiiiten and said much on the
subject. Th/s latter gentleman, I think, calls it
"suggestion?" but nrver, I venture to say, did any
metaphysician, pufhins his researches furthest and
deepest into that occult science, dream that would
come to pass which w e have discovered and clearly
developed—that is, that two subjects so unlike as
an appropiiatton to a road in 1840, and the tactics
proper in Indian war in 1811, were not merely
akin, but actually, identically the same.
Mr. Speaker, this discussion, I shoald think, if
not absolutely absurd and utterly ridiculous, which
my respect for the gentleman from Michigan and
the American Congress will not allow ms to sop-
pose, has elicited another trait in the American
character which has been the subject of great ad-
miration with intelligent travellers from the old
world. Foreigners have admired the ease with
which we Yankees, as they call us, can turn our
hands to any business or pursuit, public or private;
and this has been brought forward by our own
people as a proof that man, in this great and free
republic, is a being very far tuperior to the same
animal in other parts of the globe kss favored than
ours. A proof of the most convincing character
of this truth, so flittering to our national pr.de, is
exhibi'ed bet\ re our eyes in the gentleman from
Michigan delivering to the world a grave lecture
on the campaigns of Gen. Harrison, including a
variety of verv interesting military events in the
>ears 1811, 1312, and 1813. la all other coun-
tries, and in all former times, before now, a gentle-
man who would ei her speak or b? listened to, on
the subject of wa~, involving subtle criticisms on
strategy, and carelul rev.ews of marches, seise*,
bi'.t'es, regular and casual, and irregular onslaughts,
would be required to show, first, that he had stu-
died much, investigated fully, and -digested well,
the scienei and history of his subject. But here,
sir, no suth painful preparation is required; wit-
nebs the gentleman from Michigan. He has an-
nounced t  the House that he is a militia general
on the peace establishment! That he isa lawyer
we know, tolerably well read in Tidd's Practice
and Espanasses N>si Priu.s. These studies, so hap-
pily acapted to the subject of war, with an ap-
pointment in the militia in tim? of peace, furnUh
him at once with all the knowledge necessary to
discourse to u*, as from high authority, upon all the
mysteries in the ."trade of death " Again, Mr.
Speaker, it must occur to every one that we, to
whom these qusstions are submitted and these criti-
cisms are addressed, being all colonels at least, and
most of us, like the gentleman himself, brigadiers,
are, of all conceivable tribunals, best qualified to
decide any nice point connected with military
science. I hope the House will not be alarmed by
an impression that I am about to dUcuss one or the
other of the military questions now before us at
length, but I wish to submit a remark or two, by
way of preparing us for a proper appreciation of
the metis of the discourse we have heard. I trust,
as we are all brother c Aiders, that the-gentleman
from Michigan and the two hundred and forty colo-
nels or get.erals of this honorable House, will re-
ce ve what I have to say as coming from an old
brother in arms, and addressed to them in a spirit
of candor,
*'*uch a  becomes comrade  free,
Rapoainsr after Tictory."
Sir, we all know the military studies of the gen-
tleman from Michigan before he was promoted.   I
take it to be beyond a reasonable doubt, that he
hid perused with great care the title page of "Ba-
rm Seuben." Nay, I go further; as the genile-
man has incidentally assured us he is prone to look
into musty and neglected volumes, I venture to as-
sert, without vouching the fact from personal
knowledge, that he has prosecuted his researches
so far, as to be able to know that the rear rank
stands right behind the front. Thir, 1 think, is
fairly inferrible from what I understood him to say
of the two lines of encampment át T ppecanoe.
Thcs we see, Mr. Speaker, that the gentleman
from Michigan, so far as study can give m know-
lfdge of a subject, comes before us with claims to
great profundity. But this is a subject which, of
all others, requires the aid of actual experience to
make us wise. Now the gentlemanj trom Michi-
gan, being a militia general, a* he has told us, his
brother officers, in that simple statement has re-
vealed the glorious history of toils, privations, sa-
crifices, and bloody scenes, through which we know,
from experience and observatim, a militia officer
in time of peace is sure to pass. Weall, in fancy,
now see the gentleman from Michigan in that
most dangerous and glorious event in the life of a
militia general on the peace establishment—a pa-
rade day ! The day for which all tho- other days
of his life seem to have been made. We can sej
tie troops in motion; umbrellas, hoe and axe han-
dles, and other hkw deadly implements of war over-
shadowing all the field, whea lo! the leader of the
host approaches,
'■Faroffhls coming shines;"
his plume, white, after the fashion of the great Bo-
mbón, is of ample length, and reads its doleful
history ,-n the bereaved necks and bosomt, of forty
neighboring hen-roosts! Like the great Su wareff,
he seems somewhat careless in forms and points of
dress; hence his epaulettes may be on hi-, shoul-
ders, back or sides, but still gleaming, gloriously
gleaming in the sun. Mounted he is, too, let it not
be forgotten. Need I describe to the c lonels and
generals of this honorable House the steed when
heroes bestride on such occasions? No, I fee tre
memory of other days is with you. You ¡~cebe-
fore you the gentleman from Michigan moun'ed
on his crop-eared, bushy-tailed mare, the singu'ar
obl-qoities of whose hinder limbs is described by
that most expressive phrase, * sirk e hams"— h r
heighth jnst fourteen hands, "all told;"yes, sir, t^ere
you tee his 'steed that laughs at the shaking of
tie spear;" that is, his "war-hcr e whus,e nrck is
c'othed with thunder." Mr. Speaker, we have
glowing descriptions in history ef Alexander the
Great «ad his war-horse Bucephalus, at the head
of the invincible Macedonian phalanx, but, sir,
such are the improvements of modern times, that
every one must see that our militia general, with
his crop-eared mare, with bushy tail ant fickle
ham, would literally frghten off a battle field an
handred Alexanders. But, rir, to the history of
the parade day. -Th° general thus mounted and
equppeJ Í3 in the field, and^ready for action. Oa the
eve of some desperate enterprise, snch as giving
order to shoulder arms, it may be, tlrre occurs a
crisis, one of the accidents of war which no saga-
city could foresee or prevent. A cloud rises and
passes over the snn! H*re an occasion occurs
for the display of that greatest of all traits in thi
character of a commander, that tact which enabl s
him to seize upon and turn to good account
events unlooked for as they arise. Now far the
caution wherewith the Roman Fa&us foiled the
skill and courage of Hannibal. A retreat u or-
dered, and troops and general, in a twinkling, are
found safely bivouaced in a neigh oiing rrocery !
Bat even here the general still hasreem for the
exhibition of heroic deeds. Hot from the field,
and chaffed with the untoward event-? of the day,
your general unsheaths h's trenhant blade, eigh-
teen inches in length, as you will well remember,
and with an energy and remorseless fury he slices
the watermelons that lie in heaps around him, and
shares them with his surviving friends. Oihtr of
the sinews of war are not wanting here. Whis-
key, Mr. Speaker, that great levtl'er of moiern
times, is here also, and the shells of the waterme-
lons are filled to the brim. Here asrain, Mr.
Í  Speaker, is shown how the extremes of barbarism
