May,
1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
f<5$
26th Cono....18t Sess.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Webster.
Senate.
port cotton goods, broadcloths, and other produc-
tions of British industry, and wines and silks, and
other articles, from France, to an immense amount,
at a very moderate and now constantly decreasing
rate of duty, and, id fact, to a great extent, duty
free, whilst the productions of our soil and indus-
try, which the people of those countries would
gladly receive in payment, are excluded from their
markets altogether, or are so burdened with exces-
sive duties, thai their value goes to enrich the trea-
suries of those Governments, instead of the Ameri-
can producer. American cotton they do receive ¡
but why 1 Because it is a necessary raw material
in their manufacturing establishments, which they
cannot produce themselves, and because tney can
send back to yon, in its manufactured state, a small
portion in payment for the whole. Cotton has be-
come a nectssary, for which they are dependent
upon us; but you receive from them -irucies of
luxury. We are, or easily might be, dependent
upon them for no necessary whatever. How do
they treat our great staples of flour and tobacco,
dtc Í Our flour is never admitted, unless famine
is threatening, but at a rate of duty which amounts
to prohibition. And- our tobacco pays into the
treasury of England about live or six times the
price at which it is sold by the American producer,
before it can enter the English market; and from
Franca it is altogether excluded, except in very
limited quantities, and these only at such rates as
the Government pleases to allow, without regard to
the price it would command from those very peo-
ple whose silks and wines we receive without duty,
and for which it would be but just that we should
have the privilege of exchanging it upon equal
terms.
We buy the productions of English and French
industry, and we pay to the Governments of those
countries respectively, (such of us at least as pro-
dnce grain and tobacco,) from one-half to lour-
fifthsof the products of our industry for the privi-
lege of paying their people with the remainder.
This is the way in which what is now called your
free-trade system operates. The freedom is all
given by us, and none received in return. The
freedom is to the foreign country to tax our people
in their productions as much as they please, while
they are free to compete with us in our own mar-
kets with their productions untaxed Such a sys-
tem must forever keep the balance of trade against
ns; must keep us always in debt, and liable to be
drained of our stock of coin by the countries from
which we buy. Give us freedom of trade in fact;
let there be perfect freedom on both sides for the
exchange 01 surplus commodities, without duties
and taxes; or, if these be necessary, let there be an
equally balanced system of duties on both sides.
Let the American producer of flour and tobacco,
or any thing else, be free to exchange it with the
producer of French silk or English cloth, for such
price as the English or French manufacturer is
himself willing to pay for it, Government charges
on both sides being equal in proportion to the mar-
ket value of the things exchanged, and there will
be no fear of heavy balances against us, payable in
coin, nor any necessity for a resort to sub-Treasury
bills to introduce specie into this country, or to re-
duce the wages of American labor. I would buy
of those who would buy of us upon fair and equal
terms. I would purchase the surplus productions,
so far as we have occasion for them, oí those coun-
tries only which would allow our surplus produc-
tions to be sold in their markets upon equal terms.
And such Governments as exclude or heavily bur-
den our productions in their markets could not
complain of their productions being similarly
treated here.   But I must pass on.
One of the highest obligations which rests upon
this Government, one of the very ends for which it
was created, was to protect the people of the Union
from the very evils and inconveniences they are now
suffering from the disordered state of their circu-
lating medium. Hence the power given to it in
terms by the Constitution, " to com money, regulate
the value thereof, and of foreign coin, and fix the
standard of weights and measures." The design
of this grant was, that there should be secured for
the whole people a uniform measure of value, as
well as uniform measures of quantities; this uni-
formity in the measure of value in different parts
of the country being even more essential to fair
dealing between those parts than uniformity in the
measures of quantity. It certainly was not, as
some contend, the design of this clause of the Con-
stitution that there should be nothing used as cur-
rency but gold and silver, for you are not even con-
fined to those metals in making coin ; but it was
designed for most beneficial purposes, to vest in the
Government power to regulate the value of money;
and, consequently, it was imposed upon it as a duty
to take care that the country be protected from the
evils attendant upon irregularly depreciated and
fluctuating bank paper, or whatsoever else was or
should become the actual circulating currency of
the country. You propose, by the measure under
consideration, not to regulate the actual currency,
but to destroy it. By this attempt you may impair
greatly its utility, you may produce much more
inequality than now exists, but you cannot totally
destroy it. Much evil, great suffering, and injustice
may be produced by this effort to bring the country
to a purely metal.ic currency; but the end cannot
be accomplished. It is inconsistent with the nature
and genius of our institutions—inconsistent with
the habits and customs of our people—inconsistent
with the spirit of the age—and no less inconsistent
with the interests, prosperity, and happiness of this
community, and cannot and ought not to be effected.
Meantime you neglect the performance of this high
duty; you aggravate the very evils which you, and
vou only, have power to remedy ; and throwing this
duty from you, as if with scorn, the people are told
to " take care of themselves, and that Government
will take care of itself." By this culpable neglect,
in addition to the many other evils you leave the
community exposed to, you reduce and render most
precarious and uncertain the rewards of industry
of all kinds. Multitudes will be thrown out of em-
ployment; idleness, dissipation, and vice will in-
crease ; and as, in the nature of human affairs,
descent is always more facile that ascent, many
years will be required to restore the body politic to
the condition it would be in but for the folly and
negligence of this Government. As illustrative of
the bad effects of this irregularly and uncertainty
of employment, and the contrary good effects of a
policy which shall produce the opposite results, I
will quote the following observations from the au
thor to whose labors I am indebted for the rates of
wages in several European countries, as before
given. On page 249 of this interesting book he
says:
" The following facts, which are given upon the
authority of a gentleman who has had the chief
practical direction of an extensive work, will serve
to confirm the position here advanced, and will
show how paramount a duty it is for those whose
acts and deliberations must tend to the continuance
or removal of so unfavorable a state of things, to
give their earnest and most careful thoughts for the
introduction of a mors certain and stable system :
" The formation of a canal, which has been in
progress during the last five years in the north of
Ireland, has afforded steady employment to a por-
tion of the peasantry, who, before that time, were
suffering all the evils, so common in that country,
which resnltfrom the precariousness of employment.
Such work as they could previously get came at
uncertain intervals, and was sought by so many
competitors that the remuneration was of the scan-
tiest amount. In this condition of things, the men
were improvident to recklessness; their wages, in-
sufficient for the comfortable sustenance of their
families, were wasted in procuring for themselves
a temporary forgetfulness of their misery at the
whiskey-shop; and the men appeared to be sunk
into a state of hopeless degradation. From the
moment, however, that work was offered to them,
which was constant in its nature and certain in its
duration, and on which their weekly earnings would
be sufficient to provide for their comfortable support,
men who had been idle and dissolute were convert-
ed into sober, hard-working laborers, and proved
themselves kind and careful husbands and fathers;
and it is stated as a fact, that, notwithstanding the
distribution of several hundred pounds weekly in
wages, the whole of which must be considered as
so much additional money placed in their hands,
the consumption of whiskey was absolutely and
permanently diminished in the district. During
the comparatively short period this canal has been
in progress, some of the most careful laborers, men
who most probably, before then, never knew what
it was to possess five shillings at any one time, have
saved sufficient money to enable them to emigrate
to Canada, where they are now laboring in inde-
pendence for the improvement of their own land."
But, Mr. President, this bill is to pass. The de-
cree of party has gone forth, and, let what will be
said or shown, that decree will be obeyed.   Those
in power have determined to stake their fortune 
upon the hazard of the die, whether weal or wo
betide. It is to pass this body, sir, and that speedily ;
and though much, very much more might be said
in opposition to it, knowing the utter hopelessness
of any effort to prevent its passage, and having, as
I believe, assigned sufficient reasons in justification
of the negative vott? I intend to give, I will detain
you, sir, no longer, but to express my earnest hope
that we may not all see cause, ere long, bitterly to
repent of this night's work.
Ma. WEBSTER'S SPEECH,
In Senate, May 18, 1840, bn the proposed amendment
to the Bankrupt Bill.
I feel a deep and anxious concern for the success
of this bill, and, in rising to address the Senate, my
only motive is a sincere desireíto answer objections
which have been made to it, sa'far as I may be able,
and to urge the necessity and importance of its
passage. Foitunatelv, it is a subject which does
not connect itself with any ot the party contests of
the day; and although it would not become me to
admonish others, yet I have prescribed it as a rule
to myself, that, in attempting to forward the mea-
sure, and to bring it to a successful termination, I
shall seek no party ends, no paity influence, no
party advancement. The subject, so far as I am
concerned, shall be sacred from the intrusion of all
such objects and purposes. I wish to treat this oc-
casion, and tins highly important question, as a
green spot, m the midst of the fiery deserts of party
strife, on which all may meet harmoniously and
amicably, and hold common counsel for the com-
mon good.
The power of Congress over the subject of bank-
ruptcies—the most useful mode of exercising the
power under the present circumstances of the
country—and the duty of exercising it—are the
points to which attention is naturally called by
every one who addresses the Senate.
In the first place, as to the power. It is fortu-
nately not an inferred or constructive power, but
one of the express grants of the Constitution.
" Congress shall have power to establish uniform
laws on the subject ol bankruptcies throughout the
United States." These are the words of the grant;
there may be questions about the extent of the
power, but there can be none of its existence.
The bill which has been reported by the commit-
tee provides for voluntary bankruptcies only. It
contains no provisions by which creditors, on an
alleged act of bankruptcy, may proceed against
their debtors, with a view to subject them and their
property to the operation of the law. It looks to no
coercion by a creditor to make his debtor a subject
of the law against his will. This is the first cha-
racteristic ot the bill, and in this respect it cer-
tainly differs from the former bankrupt law of the
United States, and from the English bankrupt laws.
The bill, too, extends its provisions not only to
those who either in fact or in eontemplation of law
are traders, but to all persons who declare them-
selves insolvent, or unable to pay their debts and
meet their engagements, and who desire to assign
their property for the benefit of their creditors. In
this respect, also, it differs from the former law,
and from the law of England.
The questions, then, are two: 1st. Can Congress
constitutionally pass a bankrupt law which shall
include other persons besides traders 1 2d. Can it
pass a law providing for voluntary cases only; that
is, cases 111 which the proceedings originate only
with the debtor himself?
The consideration of both these questions is ne-
cessarily involved in the discussion of the present
bill, inasmuch as it has been denied that Congress
has power to extend bankrupt laws further than to
merchants and traders, or to make them for volun-
tary cases only. This limitation in the power of
Congress is asserted on the idea that the framers of
the Constitution, in conferring the power of estab-
lishmff bankrupt laws, most be presumed to have
had reference to the bankrupt laws of England, as
then existing; and that the laws of England, then
existing, embraced none but merchants and traders,
and provided only for involuntary or coercive
bankruptcies.
Now, sir, in the first place, allow me to remark,
that the power is granted to Congress in the most
general and comprehensive terms. It has one li-
mitation only—which is, that laws on the subject
of bankruptcies shall be uniform throughout the
United States,   With this qualification, the whole
A
