Mar. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
86th Como > 1st Seas.
801
Survey of the Mississippi—Mr. HtmLrson.
Senate.
In short, all this over-anxiety to curtail the powers
of the Stales is a vuiuil usurpation of authority,
and not countenanced by any call of necessity or
expediency connected with sound legislation.
It has been strongly utgcd by the Senator from
New Jersey (Mr. \\ ai.i.) that we must confine our i
legislation to the acts of the British Parliament, as
they are to be found pr:or to the adoption .of'the
Federal Constitution. It his argument is worth
any thing, when applied to the.persons enumerated
in those acts, tl will also apply with the same force
to corporations. Is the Senator aware that corpo-
rations were expressly excluded from the action of
the hankrupt law of Great Britain ? At the end of
the 18th section of the proposed amendment, I find
a proviso, which allows the States to exempt their
incorporated companies from the operation of this
act. Thisexception is undoubtedly unconstitutional,
because it permits the States to destroy that nni-
f0rmUf which is an essential feature in every bank-
rupt law. This point has been so clearlv demon-
strated by gentlemen who have precede ! me, that
it appears to be generally conceded.
Sir, I put it to the honorable chairman to say,
who asks for this extraordinary exercise of power?
Do the States, who are the legitimate representatives
of this power, call upon you to interfere in their
local affairs'! What State has sent its memorial
here? What warrant have you for wishing to
wrest from the States the control over their own
affair , and assuming to dispose of the creatures of
their will at your pleasure f Sir, the State of New
York has asked for no such interference. Her
Legislature has called upon Congress to grant re-
lief to the unfortunate; but she has expressly repu-
diated any attempt to interfere with banking insti-
tutions.
This attempt to control the moneyed institutions
of tha States has met with very little countenance
heretofore. Iu 18-27. this subject was before Con-
gress; and Mr. Van Buren, then a Senator from
New York, expressed his disapprobation in the fol-
lowing words:
" It had been said, formerly, and on various oc-
casions, that the States had no right to grant bank
charters, and that the banking privilege belonged
exclusively to the Federal Government. No direct
attempt, however, had hitherto been made to de-
prive the Sta'es of that power, which they had long
exercised unmolested. But now the attempt was to
be made, if not in an open and unequivocal man-
ner, at least in an indirect way, to srrip th- States
of the power of chartering banks. At any raip, if
it was intended that the provision did not go so far,
it could not bedenied that it interfered in the regu-
lation which Slate Governments might have adopt-
ed for the government of those institutions, which
was an odious exercise of power, not granted by the
Constitution. In England, such a provision was
never dreamed of; nor did he believe that, when
the Constitution was framed, such an attribute was
imagined by those who authorized the establish-
ment of a bankrupt system."
In 1837, at the extra session of Congress, M r. Van
Bnren, President of the United States, recommend-
ed to Congress the enactment of a bankrupt law cr-
rhsirely applicable to banks. The honorable Sena-
tor from Tennessee, (Mr. Grcndy,) then chairman
of the Judiciary Committpe, prevailed upon the
Senate to refer that portion of the Message to that
commirtee. He retained the subject in his hands
until the Senate was about to adjourn, and then
moved to discharge the committee from the further
consideration of it. Ail with whom I conversed
commended his good sense and sound discretion :
and I think very few would have consented to the
passage of the law recommended.
I have heard no reason assigned here now, that
did not exist then; and I shall, therefore, vote to ex-
clude this amendment from the bill. But, sir, whJst
I feel a great repugnance to this act, I shall acqui-
esce in the decision of the majority. I shall go, sir,
•11 lengths for the relief of that unfortunate class
who can get no relief except from Congress. And
I nowp licly proclaim, that, after full and deliber-
ate consultation with many friends, I have resolved
t  vote for any bill for the relief of voluntary bank-
rupts, although it may include involuntary and cor-
porations. I shall have discharged my duty by en-
deavoring, in every stage of its progress through
the Senate, to exclude State institutions; but if, not-
withstanding all this, a majority shall include them,
I will vote for the bill, and leave the responsibility
where it properly belongs.
Sir, I am rejoieed to perceive that, during this
discussion, thus far, no parly considerations have
intruded themselves upon us. I trust we shall con-
tinue to be exempted from them. The subject is
too sacred, the ground on which we stand is loo
holy, tobe polluted by such unbidden footsteps. Let
us, then, soar above the foul atmosphere of party,
and breathe the pure air of justice and humanity.
Thousands and thousands are now watching, with
the most anxious solicitude, the resultof your delib-
erations. Upon your action is suspended the fate
of hundreds of thousands of your fellow-citizens,
including every age, sex, and "condition. It is not
the business-man alone that has felt the desolating
fury of the storm, which has swept like a. tornado
over our once happy land. The old and young
have also shared its withering influence ; and now,
from lisping infancy to tottering age, an appeal is
made to your humanity, enough to penetrate even
hearts of stone. Shall it go unanswered 1 Will
you pet mil the unwelcome memory of the past, and
the blighted hopes of the future, to hurry their vic-
tims to despair 1 Many have airead}' soné beyond
yonrsympathy. Prostrated,ruined, broken-hearted,
desperate from " hope deferred," they have reached
" The undiscovered country, from whose bourne
No iravell t return  "
But yon have it in your power to minister consola-
tion to those that still survive. Save, then, I beseech
you—save the energetic, the enterprising man, on
whose future exertions and acquisitions depends
the support of aged parents and tender offspring.
Let him not be compplled to flee from his country
and h s home, as .(Eneas fled from the flames of
Troy, with old Anchises on his shoulders, and
young lulus by his side. Place him once more in
a condition to aid his country in its onward march
to prosrerity and greatness. This can be done by
your favoraMe action on the measure now before
you. In it are involved the dearest domestic rela-
tions, as well as the most important public interests.
In your hands is the issue of happiness or of misery
to thousands of your fellow-beings. I trust you will
so dispose of it, that the cause of humanity will be
promoted by the discharge of a constitutional duty.
SPEECH OF MR. HENDERSON,
OF ÍUSS1SSIPPI,
la Senate, J\Sa.rth 16, ' 1840—On the/survey and
df fence on ihe coast, of Mi-iSKvripi, Ac-
Mr. HENDERSON ros* andsaidJt am charged,
Mr. President wnh !he presentation pi a memorial
from the Legislature of the State of Mississippi,
steking from Congress a sur«ey offhec~ast and
bays, sounds and harbor?, wi>hin.and adjacent to
their Sta'e, to fae end and purposefof making such
naval establishments and fortifications there as
shall subserve the protection of the ports and com-
mttce connected with th3?e waters. Of so much
moment do I di-em ihe objects contemplated by this
memorial, that I should cot consider my agency
properly di?charged by a silt nt reference of thi*
important paper. I must therefore claim the in-
dulgence of the S>nite whde I si-a!l briefly attempt
to g-ve some faint impression of the m'gnitu le of
the surject to wbxb i' refers. And in doing thii,
I shall note the necessity also of a naval depot and
navy yard in the same connection.
These waters, which the memorialists suppose to
be the duty of this Government to place within it.
exclusive commend, constitute a large bay of the
Gulf of Mexico, usually known at Like B^rgne,
and lies between the southern shore of the Sa'e oí
Msstsiippi and that portion of Louwana that
stretches down into the Gulf ou the north side of
the Mis?i sippi river. This bay present a very tolera-
ble roadstead and anchorage g ound for large ships
whsn, entered westwardly, they shall hive passed
a line drawn from the easten boundary of the
Slate of Mississippi, across the most wes ern por-
tion of the Chandeleur Islands, and nnder shelter of
« hich is'ands ihe xroX ample securiiy is obtained.
But the hirbor Is c nsidered to improve in its ap-
proach to Ship Mand at the western extremity of
which, and thence to on to Cat Island, the anchor-
age is known to be good, the waters of fuffi-iient
depth, and, in the judgment of experienced mari-
ners, the harbors so land-locked as to furnish safe
and ample shelter for any size and number of ship-
ping. It is likewise a well-attested truth, as set
forth by the memorialist?, that these islands and
the adjacent shores are proverbial for their health-
fulness. And another fact tit gen-rai ro'onety, and
panly fiutr.entiea edby the reserva íorsmadeinyour
land office, is, that all ihe hammocks surrounding
thevhoreand bordering upon ihs rivers and bay-
ous emptins into th s bay, are covered or skirled
with live oak timlx-r—whiKt ihe Pearl and Pjsra-
goula livers, wih other adjacent coun res and
water courst s, frrnish white oak, cypress, yellow
pine, and other timbers, of the best quality a>,d in
exhaustle-s abundance. The fime-s o.'.bis bay
tor a ship yatd and naval sta'ion js/u.ther su;-
tamed from iU convenient supply of hemp, cord-
age, and iron from KentvtC'cy and Tenne^e1*,
lead ar.d copper from Mi*s-un, taran ' rom from
th« adj-scent ¡shore, and provision supplies from ihe
ereat garner of ihe West. Wi hout ¡ocal pufality
or invidious comparisons, t.ieefiie, I assume
the fact, and chíllense any scrutiny of ■ stimaie-. in-
volved in the. assertion, that there is no point on
our marine border susceptible of «uch an establish-
ment wh--reit can bs as well and cheaply supplied
as the pla~e referred to.
In designating the Ship Island or its vicinage as
the place of probable preference, I w sh the Senate
ti understand that, beside its local incidents and
advantages, is relative position is such that it can
command all necessary participation in ihs pro-
due's and resources of tin Mississippi Valcy almost
as conveniently, and as secute'y from interruption
by an enemy on the coast, as if-its locality was
upon the river. Distant from New Orleans about
«ixty miles, its conn-ction wnh the river through
that city is an inlard water-communication nearly
to the river bank, and which a fortified command
of the islands of this bay wholly protects, and, by
re opening the ancient and long es'ablished Eaviga-
tion of the bayou Manshac, a direct intercou'ss is
at once opened above the island of Orleans to the
Mississippiriv-er^ which ¡; tqually inland, and a ike
protected by the simp f it fiea'ion*. This con-
nects n cannot be rx ended to any other suffie'ent
harbor on the Gulf of Mexico. Any other place
which can chim pretens ons wor'h naming, must
find its intercoure with the Mississippi partly by
land, or an exposure to eee in someexert must te
encountered. To furnhh ihe essent'al supplies of
of such an establishment by land would be impoli-
tic, if not impracticable; anl ifdrpendent ft r its
supplies by sea, it is manifest that, m time of war,
wi h an e ;emy upon the coast, these supplies
would be transmitted at such hazard as a sute of
war miaht present. In view of this subject, I shall
pass with slight notice, and ts having no material
influence upon the question, the establishment
which this Government has deemed fit and proper
to make at Pensacola. Its value and importance
is, perhaps, better known to our Navy Commis-
sioners than to the pub'ie at large. But I presume
it may be said, without inviting muc'n contiadic-
tion, that this establishment can never furnish any
direct and essential prr tecion to Mobile and New
Orleans, where the whole commerce of the South-
west concentrates, and oar great interests are first
exposed. It will be seen from the maps, also, that
the bay of Borgne i-. the only inl t for a thousand
miles of the coast wlr-re a sh p of the line can
find a harbor. And to th s consi ¡oration may he
added another of vital moment, deiived from the
modern application of st^am to vessels of war,
wh:ch, from th'- pase and celt-ri'y <>f their move-
ments, must materially nsgraia'e our exposed con-
dition on this bay. I cannot suppose, therefore,
that any intelligent mind will dcuot, if this bay .is
su''tably susceptible of such establishments and
naval defence, that sufficient reasons hive been
urged to show the propris'y of speedily adop'ing
such measures aá f hail effect ihe objects in their
fullest extent.
In further proof of the capacity and importance
of this bay, it may be well to call the reenllections
of the Senate to a portion of its marine history and
- naval statistics.
A few ineffectual attempts at discovery and con-
nuest on the coast of Florida were made by the
French in the fifteenth centur); but, expelled from
the shore by their Spanish neighbors, whom they
found there before them, no similar enterprise on
the Gulf of Mexico was attemped by them for more
than a century and a half afterward.    And thf
31
