soa
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar. 1840.
26th Cono«"«1 t Sbss.
Survey of the Mississippi—Mr. Henderson.
Senate.
fact is strange and remarkable, that the Spaniards,
who, for so long a time had permanent possession
of Florida on the one side, and Mexico on the
other, shou!d"have so long failed to discover and
possess themselves of the country including the
mouth and val'ey of the Mississippi river, till
superseded in that discovery and possession by the
French, one hundred ar.d fifty years subsequent to
the occupation of Florida. The French first dis-
covered the Misisssippi in excursions f¡ om their
colony in the North, from whence the enterprising
La Salle, committing h;mself to its current,
an i ved at its mouth on the 7th of April, 1681.
Returning to France, he from thence sailed on an
expedition to enter the river fiom the sea. But,
missing the object of his search, he coasted the
shore of Texas, made land at Bernard's bay, esta-
blished himself transiently on the Colorado, and,
after many fruitless efforts to find the mouth of the
river by water, determined on seeking its shores by
land; and, is prosecution of this purpose, journeyed
through the wilderness to the western branch of
the Trinity river, and was there betrayed and
assassinated ou the 19th of March, 1687.
Twelve year* afterward, Iberville, in execution
of La Salle's plan cf colonizing the Lower Missis-
sippi, sailed from France with four vessels, two of
which were thirty-gun friga'es. Arriving at
Pensacola, he found that place in possession of
Spain, 8nd passing thence; came next to Dauphin
island near the mouth of the Mobile bay, and
thence to Horn and Ship and Chandeleur islands;
and so terminated his voyage in the bay of Borgne.
After a brief exploration of the islands, passes, and
shores, Ship island became the place of first settle-
ment to the em grants. From this island Iberviile
put forth in his boats in search of the mouth of
the Mississippi—succeeded on the third day out—
ascended the river to Point Coupee, and thence
descending to the Manshac, passed through this
bayou, the lak«s Maurapas and Pontchartrain, by
way of the Rigolettes, to the bay of St. Louis, and
thence on to Ship island. Thus in a few days
from the time the silence of this bay was first dis-
turbed by the voice and action of civilized man,
was its outlets and connections practically sur-
veyed and ascertained. After this survey, the
French colonial head-quarters were established on
«here to the east side of the bay of Biloxl, about
twelve miles from Ship island, where a fort of con-
siderable strength was completed by the 1st of
May, 1699. On the 7ih of December next follow-
ing another French squadron arrived at Ship island,
consisting of one fiity and one forty gun ship.
And in the spring of the year 1700, a Spanish ship
of thirty guns came there from Pensacola to expel
the French from the island, but,finding the force
of the latter so formidable, was compelled to with-
draw. From their possessions here, the French
settled Natchez in 1700, and Mobile in 1702, and
other adjacent places. In occupation of this bay,
the French had established defences and settle-
ments on Dauphin, Chandeleur, Ship, and Cat
islands, though their principal naval establishment
was at Ship island, where their transports and
vessels of war appear to have made their usual
harbor. At this period and so long as the French
retained the colony, all the commerce of Louisiana
came into this bay, and was from thence distri-
buted to New Orleans (after its settlement in 1718)
by way of the bayou St. John, and though the
lakes and bayou Manshac to the Upper Missis-
sippi. The Mississippi near its mouth was forti-
fied in the first settlement of the colony, though but
little use was ever made by the French of this part
of its navigation. Perceiving the bay of Borgne
to be a more accessible inlet, and the only hatbor
for the larger vessels of their navy, they yielded
their convictions to the aecssity and propriety ot
protecting the colony and its commerce by a
decided command and defence of this bay. - And'
this Government will be constrained to acknow-
ledge the same necessity when the interests now at
stake there shall be deemed of sufficient conse-
quence to be protected at all. Beside the naval
station of the colonists at Ship island, it became a
commercial depot for merchant vessels, at which
the proprietors of the province in 1720 established
a store-house for the reception of imported goods
and country produce.
Such were the uses and capacities of this bay m
the estimation of the French till the treaty of Paris
in 1763, when the entire province parsed under the
dominion of Spam. Under the latter power its
considera'ion somewhat diminished, though it con-
tinued a' principal thoroughfare of commerce till
after its acquisition by the United States in 1803.
Survey* and charts were successively made of
these waters by the French, Spani&h, and English.
And it is worth remarking, that with the frequent
storms ^hat sweep over this Southern region, th.*
provincial history, so far as known to me, has re
corded but two instances of stranding or shipwreck
on this bay.
The further evidence of the capaciiy and im-
portance of this bay as a naval station, and since
it became a part of these United States, is of much
more interesting and difinite character. A part of
it stands out in bold relief in our country's history.
It is seen in the perilous disssters which threatened
us in the late war with Great Britain, when this
bay was in the indisputed occupation of the
enemy's fleet, freighted with a numerous soldiery
invited to the conquest of the crescent city, and
stimulated to achieve success by the tempting re-
ward of "beauty and booty." It is probably now
a matter beyond controversy, that had the islands
of this bay been judiciously fortified, and suitably
sustained by a moderate naval armament, the
enemy would have been excluded from their quiet
anchorage and convenient access to our shores,
and the perils of an invasion saved to our country.
In the war of 1814, we had five gun-boats on
this bay, (a stronger defence than is now there,)
with a small naval storehouse on shore at the Bay
of St. Louis. On the 14th of November, 1814, the
British fleet of sixty sail were distributed through-
out the bay, near on to the east mouth of Pearl
river. Our gun-boats, after all the resistence they
could oppose to such a force, surrendered to the
foe, the naval stores on shore were burned, and
an historian of the time has said, "that the enemy,
thus left complete master on the likes to the east
of the island on which the city of New Orleans
stands, gave him the facility of reaching it by any
of the waters running easterly to any of these
lakes. The crisis appeared really alarming."
And, with sach admonitions of experience, does it
not import a reprehensible delinquency somewhere,
that, for all this Government has done to prevent
it, an enemy might import the tame alarm to-mor-
row by sailing into possession of this bay, with
even less resistance than the five gun-boats pre-
sented last war.
The last evidence I shall notice on this part of
the subject is a survey of these waters by John
Wheeler, esq. during the summer of 1839, in con-
formity with a resolution of the Legislature of the
State of Mississippi, to give assurance to its citi-
zens of the fitness of this bay for a seaport to our
State. The enterprise of establishing such a
seaport had been previously commenced, and pro-
secuted to some extent in the immature pretensions
of the "Mississippi city." This city.is located on
on the shore opposite to Ship island, and near the
place which the French named "New Boloxi," and
to which they transferred their stores and barracks
from the fort "St. Louis," on the east side of the
Bay of Boloxi, in the year 1720. This survey and
report having been reprinted here, are both upon
our tables, and to which I hope Senators will give
some attention. Made with little preparation, by
simple means and in a short space of time, it
makes no pretensions to be a minute and general
survey of this inland sea, bat only to trace the
soundings of a few channels and anchorage grounds
to ascertain the principal matter in which the
State had peculiar interest. On this point the re-
port is clear and satisfactory. And, besides sup-
plying important evidence in behalf of the subject
now commended to the consideration of Congress,
it furnishes a becoming introduction to the further
execution of the objects sought.
Having said thus much, chiefly on the local
capacities and characteristics of this bay, I must be
permitted to note more particularly the national im-
portance of the objects contemplated by this memo-
rial. And, impressed as I am with its volume of
magnitude, it is to tne matter of profound astonish-
ment that, with the loud speaking incidents of the
late war still sounding in our ears; with the map
cf our coast south of Cape Florida before us; with
the computations of our swelling commerce as it
here pwurs out upon the world from fifteen States
and Territories, annually reported and annually
surprising us by its increase; that the vast interests
these objects involve have been so long suffered to
slumber in negl«cted repose. Whence so long the
absence of .that watchful and virtuous jealously
of the Stat;s most directly interested? And whence
the justice and policy of this G >vernment, that
has expended on each of several States upon the
Atlantic in marine and naval defences more than
is expended on this section of the seaboard, where
disembogues two thirds of the nation's exports'?
This memorial, in my apprehension of it, ought not
to be regarded as the memorial only of the State of
Mississippi. It more emphatically consults the
highest interests of Alabama and Louisiana, and
with them the great and mutual interests of Ten-
nessee, Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri,
and Arkansas, Virginia, and Pennsylvania. To
furnish every permanent protection by fortresses
which this Southern outlet will admit of, and aid
th se by a proportional assignment to these seas at
all times of the ships of war in cammission, and to
sustain both by a naval depot and navy yard, is,
in my judgment, the palpable duty of this Govern-
ment; and the States most in'erested should so re-
quire it. I know exefptions are taken to the in-
salubrity of the climate But we who live there
know these objections have but slight foundation
in trath. And, true or false, the great and tempt-
ing interests always at stake there, whenever
danger assails ourcountry from a foreign foe, cannot
dispense with any less continued and permanent
protection, however great the costs, than is afforded
to the most favored of the Atlantic States.
While Louisiana was under the dominion of
Spain, from 1795 till 1803, all know  with how    ,
much earnest consideration a commercial outlet
for the infant West, by the Mississippi, was then    ,
regarded.    The statesmen of that day, duly esti-    .
mating   the growing   importance   of the   Great    ,
Valley, and th   rights of its citizens, were sensi-
tively alive to the necesssity of possessing a com-    ¡
mercial emporium at its southern extremity.   The
treaty of 1803 consummated that desirable object.    ,
It may perhaps give some additional force to his    .
appeal to note the amount of exports from New    ,
Orleans, of both Spanivh and American growth, in
1803, it contrast with that to which it has since    ,
attained.   I present the comparison in round num-    (
bers, but as substantially correct.                            ;
Exports in 1S03.                                      I
Cotton,         -         - 34,000 bales, since augmented to 737,000    j
Sugar,           -          -  4,000 hogsheads,      do.              30,000     <
Molasses,      -         -      800         do.         do.             20,000     >
Tobacco,       -          •  2,000          do.         do.              44,000
Beef and Pork,         -   3.000 barrels,   since equal to    350,000    .
Flour,           -         -  50,000          do.        do.            436,000
The foregoing were the principal articles of ex- ¡
port at that time, and such their disparity with the ,
present. But the products of the West that now t
pass through this port, in hemp-stuffs, whiskey, lard, i
corn, staves, copper, lead, &c. consitute an im-
mense aggregate almo-t unknown to the commerce ,
of that day. And, in addition to all this, the ex- ,
port of Mobile, which was then nothing, and now (
great, should be taken into the account, so far as
the object of this computation is concerned. If (
then the acquisition of Louisiana, from commercial
considerations, was a desirable object in 1803, are |(
not the advanced interests to which it has since (
attained, and the vastly greater to which it (
shall attain, worth the protecting care of this ¡
Government? And yet Mobile and New Orleans
are essentially without any marine protection
against a sudden invasion. Nature has guarded
the entrance into the Mississippi river against all
vessels drawing over fifteen leet water; and the
naval establishment at Pensacola may answer
some convenient resort to our smaller sized ships
when cruising on that station.   But, these matters
