«■*  «<,t*i*« *íMiitinrifix**teinjn ts%f
May, IS40.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
S6th Cono.......1st Sess.
803
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Dixon.
Senate.
aside, whilst the Bajr of Borgne is without fori?,
depots, and naval f ro'ectioa, and whiKt an enemy's
fleet «ay at any time take undisputed command
of its islands harhois, ar.d New Orleans and
Mobile, with their temping treasure*, can never
be reasonably safe again-1 the sudden intrusions of
a hostile power. Whilst an enemy commands
this bay, New O.l-ans and Mobile are more re-
mote from each other, for all purposes of commsr-
cial or military intercourse, than New Orleans and
Pittsburgh—but this interchange isdaily, whilst the
command of the bay is retained to us; and its inter-
ruption also suspends ill communication, by the
great Southern mail route between these cities.
These const Jei at ions must sufficiently disci >se the
deep and equal interests which the S'ates of Ala-
bama and Louisiana have at stake in the measures
propostd.
The State of Mississippi, though less exposed to
injoiy from invasion at this vulnerable point than
either of her adjacent sisters, feels, nevertheless,
a lively solicitude on the subjects of this memoria1.
There intervenes between ihs sea-shore and the
Co ton growing regions of Missis ppi a p'nu-wonds
country of about one hundred miles in wdth.
This country, as its forest growth implies, is
generally poor in soil and sparsely ropuiated, t>e
larger portion of the territory being yet publ c
lands. The river Pearl and Pascagoula have the'r
rise in the margin of the co.ton-grow-ng distr.ct?,
course ihelr way through thi* pine-woods country,
and fall into the bay of Borgne, each about thirty-
five miles (and on opposite sides) from S ip bland.
These rivers are proven to be navigable, for ordi-
nary sixed steamboats, up to tb.3 neighborhood of
the cotton linds a great part of the year. But
time has rendered their navigation dancerous from
the numerous trunks of trees it his plan ed in
their channels. There are also a few bars, readily
susceptible of improvement, that now interpose
some obstacles. The limited resources of the few
inhabitants residing near ths shores of the^e rivets
hive not heretofore enabled them, nor will they
probab'y be scon enabled, to concentrate a suffi-
cient ¡merest to remove these obstructi ns. These
people believe, as I most verily do, and as I hope
Congress will yet believe that the Government,
owning most of the land? in this region, should ap-
propriate a portion of them, sufficient for the par-
pose of rendering safe and successful the naviga-
tion of these rivers. But, intending no dissertat on
on this subject at ihis time, I will proceei to t b-
ferve that this wide forest of pine woods and public
domain has heretofore kept the p pulous portions
of the State of Mississippi from intercourse and
familiar acquaintance with her own sea-jhore, and,
of coatse, prevented their enjoyment of all com-
mercial privileges in this qaarter. The survey of
Mr. Wheeler, before referred to, is evidence of
their awakened attention to this subjec. But,
while they have thus learned the harbor privileges
which Nature has here provided for them, they
art admonished of the neglect of this Government,
by which every commercial enterprise at this point
would be exposed to much hazard. From such
apprehensions of peril to themselves, and to the
Southwest general!/, they invoke your protection.
I.olatrd, too, at this portion of the State of Misssis<-
sippi is, from th<? int rior, it may be fairly ur;ed
as of national importan-e that every proper en-
couragement i-hould be given to facilitate inter-
course between the populous portions of ther Sate
and this sea shore, both by land and water, and
thus faciltate the means by which her citizen
soldiers sha'l have speedy acc?ss to tiiis point,
which must ever ba an important one, from which
to rally in action with their brethren of Alabama
and Louisiana to repel an invading foe.
Snch, Mr. President, I conceive are the views
of the memorialist?, and snch are the vi?ws and
sentiments which I entertain of those ma'tcrs for
which I am desirous to engage your favorable con-
sideration. Aid, so strongly am I impressed wBh
the force with which the subjects, rather than my
commendation of them, must appeal to your apprc-
batien, that I will not permit myself to doubt they
can receive Uss than a favorable action at your
hands.
SPEECH OF MR. DIXON,
OF RHODE ISLAND,
in Senate, Mai/ 20, 1840—On the Bankrupt bill.
Mr. Paesident: Toe honorab'e Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Norvell,] who was entitled to ihe
floor, having signified his pleasure of yielding the
priñltge to any one disposed to address the Senate,
1 wiil avail myself of the opportunity to submit a
few remarks on the important subject before us.
This I will do, sir, notwithstanding the able «in-
ner in which the subject has already been dis-
cussed, and notwithstanding the expectation that
many learned and experienced Senators are ye: to
speak, who wiil doubtless impart all the informa-
tion which the debate js calculate! to elicit. For,
sir, this subj-c  brings with it p culisr claims for
general and thorough discussion; and, not being J!
identified wi'h any of the party divisions of our'
country, its destiny is not likely to be controlled by
any of their relations. It seem? to depend more
on the frank deve'opment ?nd comparison of views
of those who com? from d< rieren t sections of the
country, and who have taken pain* to consider the
probable, genera!, and relative effects of a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the country,
should one be established. It therefore becomes all
who have a voice in Congressional leg:slation to
ming'e in th¡3 intercharge of views, that those
throughout onr extended country who now wa'ch
the progress of this measure wi h such intense anx-
iety may be enabled to decide whether hope on this
subject is entirely extinguished, or only deterred;
whether it will be worth thei' v hile, in case the
present effort fails, to invoke the future for a more
propitious result; or whether, under the influence
of blighted hopes, to yield in silent despair lo the
presare of their misfortune, that Congress may
no longer be annoyed by the lamentations of dis-
tress, or haunted by the fallen victims cf adventu-
rous enterprise.
More than half a century has rolled away sines
the Consttution of the Federal Government dele-
gated to Congress the power of es'aSlfching uni-
form laws on the subject of bjnktup'cies through-
out the United State-'. That power has been ex-
ercised bat in a solitary instance, and in that in-
stance but a shirt period of time. For nearly
forty years it has slumbered on the cold page that
records it. Th^séfacta naturally present two ques-
tions to the mind—
1st. What was the object of that delegation of
powei? and
2d. What has caused this forbearance of its ex-
erci e?
Th-s obj'ct, sir, was the relief of the unfortu-
nate, the viriuou*, the industrious, and the prudent,
who might be reduced by misfortune to insolvency.
Such a power, sir, must exist somewhere in every
Government for the redemption of the sons of ad-
versity; for thofe who thus by misfortune are over-
whelmed with debts beyond their n.eans of pay-
ment. Trte exertion of this power, I admit, is
among the highest exercises of sovereignty. It
should be delegated with caution, and exercised in
sound discration. But there are necssit-es which
demand its exercise, and wi'.hout it a country
would often be disgraced by its own scenes of op-
pression. Where could such a power be vested in
this great country so safe ind so available lo all its
cnntempfa'ed purposes as in the Congress of the
U.iited Sta:es—tis with the Representatives of the
"•hole people, who legislate for the common wel-
fare of the whole coun'ry, and who alone can give
unifcrmiy to measures of general interest?
It was at once ser n by those who formed the
Constitution that ihis great and overruling power,
wh ch impairs or dis olves at will the solemn obli-
gations of men, could have no other safe and use-
ful depository. The local jurisdiction of S a'e Go-
vernments would be inadequae to its general pur-
poses. Hence it was withdrawn from them, while
Congress, from its general powers, as well as its
universal relations and sympathies with the general
Confederacy, could much better adminúter to its
occasions, and hence the power was conferred
upon it.
This power, sir, is, and always has been, among
the incidente of sovereignty.   It has always been
exercised by sovereignty, and always will be, whe-
ther that sovereignty resides in the will of the king
or in the people.
The framsrs of the Constitution, while they con-
templated the splendid results of commerce, were
not unmindful that adversity and disaster sometimes
mingle in its train; that while it might advance ra-
tional prosperity, and confer the splendor of opu-
lence on thousands, it might not be without its vic-
tim?.; that while it might raise some to the lofty
heights of independence, it might sink others to the
depths of poverty; that not only those immediately
engaged in th? great operations of trade, but many
indirectly connected, might be involved in a com-
mon fate. Hence it was deemed but equal justice
that all meritorious individuals, who were overta-
ken by the adverd'ies of life, even in the shade of
retirement, as well as those who suffer disaster in
the course of business, should, on surrendering
their property te their c-editors, be allowed ths same
refuge, without regard to profession or calling. It
is true that trade is, of all the avocations of life, the
most likely to need the interposition of this extraor-
dinary power. It is in its vicissitudes the most
powerful agent in making its votaries rich or poor.
But in a cot ntry like this, where men so indiscri
minately spplv themselves to physical and mental
labor, and where traffic and trade seem to be the
incidents of all, it would be difficult to classify, and
unju-t to discriminate between, the occupations of
m n, in extending the benefits of a bankrupt law.
It cannot ba denied, however, that a prominent and
leading object of that delegation of power was the
relif f of fallen adventurers in trade, who, on be-
coming insolven', would surrender their property to
their creditors, tor the purpose of being di-charge^.
Yet no inference is watrant**! that the same relief
could not be extended V other clashes of men. All
the ümita'ions and res ri t"oas of that power are to
be found in the eighth section of the first article of
the Constitution. Its own words afford its beat ex-
position; and inasmuch as we there find cne limit:-
tion expressed, it is reasonab'e to infer that nc < thers
were intended. Its exerche is there limi'cl and de-
fined, as far as was d emed necessary. Toe laws
on the subject of bankruptcies are to be uniform
throu2h"Ut the Uni'ed States. But who are to be
embraced in those laws, and what a'e to be their
provisions, depends entirely on the will of Con-
gress, provided due regard be had to the uniformity
prescribed^ No other limitations ara expressed,
and if they are implied, they are such, and such
only, as are incident to the powers of legislation,
and such as the condition of our country and its
exigencies may from time to time enjoin upon the
exercise of that power, independent of fereign no-
tions or foreign policy. This uniformity was
deemed indispensable to the useful exercise of this
power, and hence we find it associated in the Con-
stitution with the great interests of the country that
require the same uniformity. It stands side by side
with the provisions regulating the great interests of
commerce—interests not to be sustained without
the same uniformi y of laws; and owing to the want
of which, the old tonfederatioa was found entirely
inadequate to all it* parpo.-cs, and but for the im-
p ising necessity of uniform laws in the regulation
of commerce, the present Constitution mi«ht never
have been adopted.
It has been said by the honorable chairman, [Mr.
Wall,] that the expression bankrupt laws, used in
our Constitution, compares with exprés«ions which,
in England, had received a settkd and well-known
technical signification at the time when the Consti-
tution was framed, and that, by adopting the ex-
pressions, the construction was also adopted, that
wt are to look to the bankrupt laws of that day in
England, in order to define this power in our Con-
stitution. But, sir, the bankrupt system of Eng-
land would afford but very equivocal rules for that
purpose. Tne most striking characteristic of that
system is its diversities and discrepancies, under
different laws, and during the different periods of
its history. Its limitations and enlargements, its
severities and its mitigations of penalties, have
shown themselves in all th: varieties of change,
and have evinced no other standard of consistency
than the will of the kingdom. The system has
been changing from the Qutv ^anorwn of the civil
