806
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar. 1840.
26th Cong...... 1st Sbss.
Treasury Notes—Mr. King.
H. of Reps.
payment—for natural persons exercising voll'ion,
free agency, and m r;l sense—not for artificial
persons without voliion, on failure of payment.
In short, for persons and not fur thing*; not tcr the
failure of institutions or of machinery, but by fic-
ticious and fanciful amlogies. I admit they may
be extended to every thing in failing circumstances
—to vegetation on the failure of crops; to the tree
that may be fruitless from the blighting wind*; but,
after all, it would be forming little else than a fancy
at tide.
But, sir, if a bankrupt system is to be formed
for use, let it be formed wi h more regard to its
appropriate objects and it* practical u*es. Its ap-
plication lo banks would not only be entiiely una-
vailing for all the useful pirpo es contemplated,
but it would prove its;If a ruthless destroyer ot
those inxtitutiou?. What would a banking corpo-
ration be when under this commission of bank-
ruptcy, with all its effeo.s in the hands of as-
signees? The receiver, or ass gnees, might walk
into a bank, tarn out the president and directors,
tht cashier, and all iic other organized function-
aries, but the new comers would not be able to
carry on the business of the bank. From the mo-
ment of tbii change, the vital functions of this
artificial person would be no more. Its franchise
extinguished by the first touch of the invader, and
without the State's power to resuscitate, it would be
defunct, and that forever. Yes, sir, the very first
act that would put the banks into the hands of the
receiver or assignee?, undtr this provision, would
pot an end to their existence. Tnis wonld be cruel;
it would verify the apprehensions of Roger Sher-
man, the delegate from Connecticut, who objected
that, as baokrup'cies were m seme cases punished
with death in England, he did not wish to grant a
poner by which ihat might be done here. Would
not this be punishing wiih death, and would it not
be severe, and more severe than the bankrupt
laws of o'd? It would ae cruel beyond eximp'.e;
even tragedy itself avoids exhibiting death in the
first scene.
Mr. President, I listened yesterday with great
pleasure to the learned and able argument of the
honorable Senator from North Carolina, (Mr.
Strance,) and in many of his remarks I readily
concurred; but when, in the language cf the fa-
culty, he talked of this provision of including cor-
porations as being wholesome medicina for the
banks, it d.d, I assnre you, give me some uneasi-
ness, for it reminded me of that course of experi-
mental alteratives which the banks, as well as the
whole currency of the country, had of late under-
gone, and it carried lo my mind a fra'ful sugges-
tion that those patients were not yet out of the doc-
tor's hands.
The honorable Senator made another suggestion,
which was not so alarming. Indeed, it was amus-
ing. It was fanciful, and well adapted to the fan-
ciful theory of including corporations in a bank-
rupt law. TbA emphasis with which he distin-
guished that part of his sp-ech was natural, as well
as proper, and bespoke no more than that self com-
placency which we all feel on discovering what we
deem important to ourselves or to our country, In
speaking of this great bank corrective, he said they
bad discovered the great desideratum; he said it
was the philosopher's stone; yes, sir, it w¿s the phi-
losopher's stone! Yet I could not but think that the
Senator was under some mistake; and if this was
that great desideratum, and the phi osopher's ;tcne,
about which the alcbymisis had for centuries so
stimulated the curiosity of the world, that it would
bardty fulfil expectation. But if it was the rral
philosopher's stone, with all its wonder-working
powers of transmutation, by which the alchymists
contended that in the potency ef its mysterious
touch all the baser metals could be turned into
pure gold, I could not but regret that it had not
been discovered a little sooner, as it might have
been a valuable auxiliary in carrying out and giv-
ing success to that experiment which has failed for
the want of gold. But I believe, sir, this disco-
very is not the philosopher's stone. It seems to me
more like another great d-rideratum which has
commanded the deepest researches of the alchymist
time oat of mind, and that it, the universal solvent,
which, by its mysterious workings, they contend,
would dissolve all it touched, and vo the corporations,
especially the bank*, this would be a universal sol-
vent. Its touch would dissolve their goods and
their franchise, and in all íespects extinguid the
Ust .«park of their artificial vitality. The alchy-
mists have always been borrowing trouble about
what they should put this universal solvent intof>r
safe keeping, inasmuch as it would dissolve every
thing it touched, but here that difficulty ceases to
embarrass. Put it into a bankrupt law, where it
will destroy and dissolve what it touches except its
own depository.
After all, sir, in relation to ihis philosopher's
st«ne, even if we have it, I think we had tetter not
retain it. If any adept in the wonderworking
art ot a'chymy should, by the successful e.-says of
his laboratory, bs able to form this far-famed arti-
cle, inasmuch as the pleasures of pursuit and anti-
cipation so much exceed those of possession in
those sp-culativi mailers, I would advise him to
decompose the artiele, and scatter the ingredi¿nts
broadcast, and thereby seeure, by a new process, the
higher delights of recomputing it.
The captured fox is sometimes restored to liber-
to—let lo )se and put upon his legs again, just to
afford the huntsman the sport of another chase;
and, if this is the philosopher's stone, I would, for
reasons somewhat similar, say at once throw it
away, sir, and, out of mere favor confer on the
alchymists the pleasures of another hunt for it; and
if it should take them a thousand years to find it
again, that would be in season for all its purpesj*
of usefulness.
I will soon conclude, ¡Mr. President.   I have ex-
pressed my objections to the bill offered by the mi-  ,
nori'y of the committee, in amendment, and by '
way of substitute for the bill teported by the com-
mittee.    I might add anothT obj ction  found in
that provision of the proposed substitute which al-
lows to the several States the option of conforming
or not, as might suit their pleasure, to the laws'
ihus made for them; which would be mere mockery I
of legislation; but inasmuch as that provision seems
not to have found any advocates as yet, I consider j
it now as out of the bill, by common consent, and I
shali say nothing more on that point.                        ;
I have, therefore, only to repeat my approval of
the bill reported by the committee, as c ne contain-
ing the correct principles of an American bank-
rupt law. Its details may, in sume degree, be al-
tered and thereby improved: its limitation for the
p«riod of two years ought to be dispensed with,
since this is not contemplated as a mere temporary
expedient, or as a special relief law for the present
class of insolvent debtors. But it is intended as
the commencement and foundation of a permanent
bankrupt system for this country. No doubt but
the commencement of such a system, at any lime,
would be attended by partial evil. Some inconve-
nience is likely lo await every change. The law
is in some degree retrospective in its operation on
present contracts—this must beetpected of a bank-
rupt law. But the power which authorizes it is
expressed in the Constitution, and, like the laws of
the land, is presumed to be known to all who have
given credit. It may also disturb the present sys-
tem of preferences, a¿d have a tendency in some
degree to limit credit. Bat trade and credit will
soon restore and regulate themselves on the best
practical basis, if your system of business is esta-
blished on permanent and general rules and laws;
and in relation to preferences, now allowed under
the Siatc insolvent system, they are always unequal
and sometimes unjust, and will never be corrected
without a uniform bankrupt law.
The principles of the bill are plain, and its pro-
visions simple and practicable—fit for present use,
and yet susceptible of future improvement, from
time to time, as occasion may require. Uniformi-
ty and permanence are great and important requi-
sites in the rules of human action. Men of busi-
ness should be fami'iar with the great rules that
govern conventional obligation  in their formation
and discbarge, as well as those regulating ex-
changes in trade. How can this be done but by
uniform and permanent provis'ons of law? It is
not so important what systems or rules of business
may be adopteJ, as that they should be uniform
and permanent, so that all may know what to de-
pend on by ttonforming their relations and opera*
tions io established systems and ru'es. If this bank-
rupt law is established, all future commercial in-
tercourse will be carried on in relation to it. The
business man in the North will know how this re-
lation between debtor and creditor is in future to
be treated in the South, and he may gsvern him-
self aciordingly. It will promote that average,
that equal dis'ribution of property which creditors
are entitled to upon the failure of the debtor. The
principle of the obligation between debtor and cre-
ditor is, that the former shall pay in full, but this
is on the ground that his property, his faculties,
and hi*, exerti. ns will be adequate to that end, but
on such entire failure of all those resources as ren-
der that end impossible, that obligation is to be dis-
charged by an honest surrender of all his property,
consisting of those resources in their nature divisi-
ble, for the benefit of creditors, and upon that to be
discharged, as a fair equivalent, from the obliga-
tion. But, by the present insolvent laws of the dif-
ferent States, he is stripped of all his property in
one of th* Sta'es, and still within its limits he re-
mains a prisoner. He has performed the obliga-
tion on hN part, and yet ihe quid pro quo is with-
held from him. While he participates in some of
the immunities of freedom in one State, he is una-
ble to step a foot out of it; whi'e denied access to
the other twenty-five States of the Union, those li-
beral words in the Constitution securing the reci-
procal right* of citizenship through the United
States are to him a dead letter.
SPEECH OF MR. KING,
OF GEORGIA.
In the House oV Representatives, March 18, 1840—On the
"lull additional to the act on the subject of Treasury notes."
The IIou*e being in Cominittre of the Whole on the atate
of the Union, (Mr. DawÁn in the chair,) Mr. KING, who
was entitled to the floor, /ose and addressed the committee as
follows:                        /
Mr. Chairman. The lull now under consideration proposes
to renew the act fassetl the 12th day of October, 1837, autho-
rizing the issue of, Tjfeasury notes, and the subsequent acts in
addition thereto, eljtepung the limitations concerning the times
wuhin which such notes may be issued, and restricting the
amount thereof so as to authorize the President of the United
States to cause the Secretary of the Treasury to issue and
keep in circulation Treasury notes to the amount of fire mil-
lions of dollars. That there may be no mistake in regard to
this important feature of the measure, I ask that the bill may be
read.
[The hill was here read by the Clerk.]
It will be perceived (said Mr. Kino) that, under the second
section of the bill, " Treasury notes may be Issued in lieu of
others hereafter or Iteretof ore redeemed, but not to exceed m
the amount of notes outstanding at any one time the aggre-
gate of five millions of dollars.''
The limitations contained in the act of October, 1837, which
was renewed by the subsequent acts of January, 1838, and
Mdich. 1839, prohibited the reissuing of Treasury notes in lieu
of others received in Government dues or redeemed at the
Treasury, and limited the amount to one issue of ten millions
of dollars. These provisions of the act were doubtless in-
serted to take from it, as far as praciicable, the odious character
of a Government bank charter, to prevent the Treasury from
becoming a bank of issue and circulation, and these Treasury
notes from enter ng into the cnculating medium of the country
as currency. If the bill now before the committee qhall be-
come a law, as I doubt not it will, the salutary limitations in
the act of 1837 will be repealed, and a Government bank of
issue and circulation to the amount of five millions of dollars
will, in fact, be established, of which the Piesident of the United
States will be the president and director, and the Secretary of
the Treasury merely the cashier.
It appears (sai 1 Mr. K.) that these limitations have been found
by the Secretary of the Treasury to be a most inconvenient
check on his evident desire to issue paper money. In his report,
bearing date Decembei 24,1839, speaking of the authority to
lame Treasury notes, he says: "That authority expired in
June last, and while in force contained requisitions immediately
to receive those notes in payment when offered, andat the sama
time preventing the reissue of them, which proved to he ex-
ceedingly inconvenient." Several hints may be found in this
rcpoitüf the Secretary's strong desire to be authorized to issue
tins paper currency whenever he wants money. It is known
to all that the Treasury notes which have been used as cur-
rency, and especially those bearing an interest of but one mi'I,
have become a portion of the circulating medium of the coun-
try, and that they have in fact assumed the character of bills
oi credit. They have been purchasedat the South for the pur-
pose of bein  remitted to the North, and used throughout the
country as currency and a medium of exchange. This is too
notorious to admit of doubt or cavil, and I have no hesitation
in giving it as my opinion that such was the object of the Ad-
inini=>tiation in issuing them. But gentlemen say they are
shortly to be redeemed—they are only required to meet a tem-
porary deficency in the Treasury. This no new argument in
favor of the policy; it has been used by the advocates of it for
nearly three years, and yet the necessity exists, and if the ¡Se-
cretary of the Treasury is to be believed, is likely to cttitinue.
He Rays in the report I have n-ferred to: "The Department is
without resort, temporary or permanent, in case of material
deficiences, and, considering all the circumstances before men-
tioned, with the dangerous liability iu the law to have the whole
of the outstanding Treasury notes paid in at any moment for pub-
l.c dues, without a power remaining to issue others in their
