808
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar. 1840.
S6th Como....1st 8e8s._________________________Treasury Nolea—Mr. King.
..         >            -.i   _ i   _       .f. _    ____                _!_ •_._                 H.-i_______•    __. . -   .1..___!!.;..<______.„        m.    i_   .1  *       !.   _
H. of Reps.
gravely asserts that such banks will give "to commercial inter-
course ail necessary facilities, without inflating or depreciat-
ing the currencv or simulating speculation."
His intimation is too plain to be mistaken that they are not to
issue bills as currency And this intimation, coining, as it does,
Iron) the great depositary of power in this Government, the
President, deserves the most serious consideration ofevery re-
flecung man in the United States.
We have known, it is true, Mr. Chairman, that the Adminis-
tration has been warring against the bank?, but I do not sup-
pose it has entered into ihe mind of any man who has not been
a close obseiver of the progress of this Government, that it has
bsen the intention, or is in the power o. the President, to destroy
our State corporations. Wo are all aware that no power is to
bJ found in the Constitution to uproot and prostrate those in-
solutions under which we have prospered beyond any people
t! at ever before existed. No one could have supposed that
a'l the powers ol this Government combined could affect
peacefully a revolution so tremendous and destructive. Yet,
sir, so far has tlm revolution prosrressed, that not only our
S.ate institutions, butour whole country, lays prostrate at the
feel oi the Executive, and he u enabled to send to the Congress
of the United States his p'an for the regulation and manage-
ment of the new order of things which he proposes to establish,
and I venture to aav, so far as ids party here is concerned, that
it has all the authority ol an iuipeiial ukase in the dominions of
the Russian Autocrat. Sir, the power which the President has
exercised, and will conn.me to exercise, to consummate the
plan which is in progress, is peculiar to modem limes—it is the
powerwhioh controls the will, through the wants of the people
—it is the money power. This power, which has been usurped
by the Jackson-Van Huren dynasty, has already proved itself
superior to the Constitution, and, in the true spirit of despotism,
seeks to destroy whatever impede  its progress or endangers its
success; and hence this war en our currency and banking
system, or, in other words, the credit system.
To make this money power all-pervading and irresistible,
it mu*t exercise undisputed control over the currency. This
was first attempted with the Bank of the United States, and
then with the deposite banks. It was found that neither of
those instruments could be relied on; conflicting interests and
Mate legislation could not be brought to act in obedience to
the will uf the Federal Executive. It was therefore found
necessary to destroy the State banks, and drive their currency
from circulation, to prepara the way for this new, and, thus
tar, irresistible combination of the Executive with the money
power of the country. This money power is found in the
revenue. The President has usurped tue control over it, and,
to consummate his designs, it is pro, osed to authorize him to
direct his Secretary of the Treasury to issue a paper currency
in the form of T.casury notes and drafts, which must assume
the character and office uf circulating bank notes or bills of
credit.
There ha3 been no fact more fully and clearly established in
the rise and progress of commerce, industry, and wealth, in
the commercial nations of modern Europe and in this country,
than that gold and silver, although affoiding the least destructi-
ble measure of value or industry, ctnnot be used, except to a
very limited extent, asa general currency and medium for the
circulation of commodities, wi.h as much facility and advan-
tage as bank notes and bills of exchange; and it will be found
Oil examination, that the gieater use a nation has made of these
paper credits, as a measure of value or industry, instead of
gold and silver, the more prosperous and commercial it has
become, and hence the unparalleled progress of this country in
all the great branches of national industry and wealth.
Gold and silver are the actual representatives as well as
measure of value or industry, because they have always cost
about the same amount of labor to produce them; they are
more malleable and less destructible than other metals, and
are therefore used as currency. Paper credits are also the
measure of value, and, when actually based on the productive
industry of tbe country where they are issued, are as much
its representatives as gold and silver. These paper credits are
to commerce what the vital fluid is to the human system, and
we can only cease the use of them by ceasing to be an intelli-
gent, commercial, and industrious people.
At a very early period the commercial nations of continental
Europe perceived the necessity of using paper credits as a me-
dium of exchange, and resorted to the only plan the despotic
nature of their Governments would permit. That was banks
of deposite, in which capitalists and merchants deposited the
precious metals in the form of bullion or coin, and received cer-
tificates of dep-site, which were circulated from city to city,
and sometimes from one country to another. As commerce in-
creased these certificates were found not to afford the necessary
facilities, and bills ot exchange were brought into use. In the
progress of financial science, this country and Great Biitain
have adopted a credit system, founded on banks of discount,
deposite, and circulation, which supply a currency based on the
precious me als and the productive industry of the people.
This system has sprung up under the fostering care and out of
the very nature and spirit of our republican institutions, and
the chai acter of our people for integrity and enterprise.
It is not a little remarkable, Mr. Chairman, that while the
more commercial nations of Europe are imitating our example
as fast as the nature of their Governments will auiiit, and their
people are slowly advancing to power under the gradual exten-
sion and neneficial influences of the credit system, we have
been thrown back hall a century by the power of tbe Execu-
tive.
The power to coin money is granted in the Constitution. This
is «imply the power to divide the preciou* metals into certain
small portions, as prescribed by law, and sump their value on
them. T .is does not create their value. This was done by the
labor that produced them from the earth. This power cannot
be abused, or Injuriously exercised, because nothing but gold
and silver can be made a legal tender in the payment of debts.
The power to make and emit paper money, or bills of credit,
was, as we have seen, positively withheld from this Govern-
ment. This power the Administration has usurped, and is now
s -eking to increase. It is well known that our present Chief
Magistrate of the Jackson dynasty—I speak of him thus, sir.
because he was appointed by his predecessor—controlled ai.d
governed the State of New York through the instrumentality of
the Safety Fund banks. That system was framed for the pur-
poss ot'controlUne the money power of the State, and with it
the political povre'r. As I have already observed, no combina-
nation of the bank? of ihe several States could be formed to act
in concert with the President for the purpose of giving to him a
similar control over the currency of the Union, and render it
eubscrvient to the political power. To do tins, it was found ne-
cessary to issue the currency under the supreme diiection and
undivided control of the Federal Executive.
Sir, when the measures now in progress shallhave been car-
ried out, tins tremendous, irresistible power will not only be
conferred on the President, but he will be authorized to demand
all the revenues of the Government in specie.
I hold in my hand the ominous concomitant measure to that
now before the committee. I allude to the bill called, par excel-
tenet, the Independent Treasury bill. This bill provides that
the fiist year, from and after the süth day of June next, one-
fourth of all the revenue of the Government, shall be paid in
gold and silver; the second year, one half; the third year, three-
fourths; and the fourth year, which will terminate the 30th day
of June, 1644, allllie revenues shall be paid in thepiecious me-
tals. Hi  believed by very intelligentfinanciers that the specie
now in the United Stales does not exceed fifty millions of dolíais.
The banks have in their vaults about thirty-two millions, and
it is cellnuicd there are about eighteen millions in circulation.
II the revenue shall amount to an average of twenty millions
per annum, oreóme up annually totlie estimates for the cut rent
year, the Government will receivo five mill'ons of specie the
first year, tea the seeo'-d, fifteen the third, and have in the vaults
of tiiei Treasury on the 30th day of June, 18)3, thirty millions
of dollars. It appears limn the provisions of this bill that the
disbursing otticers of Governnieat will not be required to pay
specie until the commencement of the fourth year; it is there,
fore to be nnder-tood that the specie collectrd the three first
years will remain in tue Treasury. This, as I have s'ated, will
i; probably amount to about thirty millions of dollars. Tue Trea-
! 1 Bury note bill now ur.der consideration authorizes, as has been
• stated, the President to direct his Secretary of the Treasury to
I1 issue, and keep in circulation, Treasury notes to theamount of
five millions of dollars. If, therefore, he can redeem twenty
millions in the course of the year, the estimated amount of the
revenue, he can issue nventy-five millions, and leave five mil-
lions out at the clo¡.e of the year. These five millions will cover
the amount of specie it is supposed will be received the first
year, and enable the President to retain it in his vaul's. As the
issue of these Treasury notes is, beyond all doubt, a part of this
"IndependentTreasury scheme," various pietcxts will be used
to increase the amount from time to time. An emergency, a
pressing necessity, will be created, as an excuse for violating the
Constitution, and giving the President the power to issue paper
money. This "Independent Treasury bill'* will, however, au-
thorize ihe issue of Treasury drafts, which may be made, if ne-
cessary, to serve the same purpose as Treasury no'es, and there-
fore the President will be independent of Congress and the peo-
ple. He will have entire control over the revenue, can cause
all the gold and silver received throughout the Union to be de-
[Kwited in the city of New York, and, by issuing drafts payable
only at that place, and sending them to all parls of the country,
they will circulate as money, and be as seldom presented for
payment as tbe notes of the United States Bank were «hen it
was a national institution. And I have no hesitation in gtvi, g
itas my well consideied opinon that such is the design of the
Administration, it any difficulty shall be thrown in the way of
issuing an unlimited amount of Treasury notes. The most
careless observer cannot fail to (>erceive that, with the power
to Issue a paper currency, and demand the revenue in gold and
silver, the President can, in a verv short time, close the doors of
all our banking institutions. Such, sir, is the system wliich the
Administration isexerting all its power to fasten on the country.
Its desolating effects are seen and felt from one extreme of the
Union to the ottier. Our currency has been reduced since the
commencement of this scheme more than two thirds. The va-
lue of property and ail Ihe pursuits of industry has fallen in a
geometrical proportion. In many sections of the country there
is no currency at all; property cannot be disposed of at private
sale, and when offered by the sheriff it goes for one-fifth, or per.
haps one-tenth, of its real or productive value. If such is the
effect of the commencement of these measures, who can ima-
gine the distress and disaster that will attend their progress and
consummation! These are the measures that have been pom-
pously called, by the Iriends of the Administration throughout
the country, "the great measures of relief and reform." They
have been in actual operation since October, 1837, and have pro.
daced more distress and bankruptcy, individual and national,
than has been witnessed in this country since the formation of
the Government.
This, sir, is the relief and reform which may always be ex-
pected from the iion hand of despotism, when it is necessary
to sacrifice the interests of the people to acquire power.
These measures will, and, m my opinion, are intended to es-
tablish precisely such a system of revenue, finance, and curren-
cy in this country as the Emperor Alexander established in
Rusfii, and which has given to the Autócrata power more effi-
cient apd terrible than his imperial armies.
That system is to receive the revenues of the Government in
gold and silver, and pay its debts in paper money. The result
has been that the Treasury has swallowed up all the gold and
silver in the empire, and there is nothing in circulation, from
one extreme of it to the other, but these Treasury notes, or Go-
vernment paper currency. The Emperor can increase or di-
minish it at pleasure, and thus holds in his hand, not only the
power to regulate the commerce and industry of the Empire,
but the value of the properly of every individual in it is sub-
ject to his will. The measures now in progress here will give
to the President of the United States a power as absolute and
despotic over the currency and interests of this country as that
which is exercised by the Emperor Nicholas over all the Rus-
tías.
I have said, Mr. Chairman, that the President may, and I
doubt not he will, make New York the great depository of all
the gold and silver received for Government dues. It may be
supposed, sir, that great benefits will thereby be conferred on
that city. It must be borne in mind that New York exists on
the commerce and industry of the whole Union, and that, if
they perish, she must go down. Without them, she could be
no more benefited by having all the gold and silver of the uni-
verse in her vaults, than the mountains of Potosi are by the rich
ores they contain. New York owes much of her ascendency
to the credit system, and will be the greatest sufferer from its
destruction.
The Administration has shown a perfect disrerard of all the
interests of the country, and it is not to be supposed that any
measure not strictly in accordance wi'.h iis plans of self-ag-
grandizement will he adopted for the benefit of any particular
city or section. New \ ork will be selected as the place of
this Treasury deposite, becauje it is the creditor city of the
& whole Union, and drafts or exchange on ¡tare more valuable
in all parts of the United States than on any other place; and,
as three-fourths of the revenue from imports is received there,
Treasury drafts will not be presented for payment, except
when specie is wanted for exportation, because they will pass
at par. In all other sections of the Union they will sell at a
premium, and, as they are more easily transported than specie,
all persons dealing in exchange will be anxious to obtain them.
The consequence will be, that gold andsilver will be sent from
all quarters to be exchanged at par for Treasury drafts. It i«
perfectly clear, therefore, that New York must necessarily be.
come the great recipient of the precious meláis under this new
order of things Such has bern the effect, thus far, and such
must be the result of these measures. But, sir, what has al-
ready been the effect of them on the prosperity of that great
commercial emporium? Is she not now sitting in sackcloth
and ashes, and mourning the loss of her commerce? Does she
not feel that the sources of her prosperity are drying up, and
that the life blood bo longer returns from the extremities to in-
vigorate the pulsations of the heart of the commercial system?
Mr. Chairman, we are told that the South is to be benefited
by this system; that th¿ cotton growing Slates send abroad the
great staple that commands gold and silver in the markets of
Europe, and that when this measure phall be in successful
operation, the precious mesáis will flow into them fiom all
(juanera, and that, as they export seventy five millions annu-
a:ly, they will be able to pay the duties on their imports in spa.
cif, and have an abunpance of this blessed metallic currency.
Sir, if betause we expoit so largely we can demand gold and
fi'ver for our products, why have we not done it heretofore?
Why has not the regular course of trade produced this result?
Or, if it is so desirable, why cannot the shippers and owners of
this produce demand specie for it, without these coercive mea-
sures of the Government) Has it como to this, that we of the
South, who have been such sticklers for free trade, are about
ti kiss the hand of power and humbly pray to be driven, by
force of law, into the line of nut duty and interests? I am not
surprised that bad men should aspire to power, when they find
those who have been reputed wise can be gulled and led by
such arguments.
We have a very recent example of the effect produced on the
cotton trade by the withdrawal of a laree amount of the pre.
cious metalsfrom Great Britain, which I should suppose would
teach the merest tyro in political economy that the cotton grow-
ing States of this i nion are more interested than any other por-
tion of the world in piomoting the exchange of commodities
among commercial nations, and that any cause which shall so
far disturb the balance of trade as to produce a drain of specie
and bullion from our great customer will materially affect the
price of cotton. The short crops in t ngland in 1837 and 1838
compelled her to throw open her potts to the grain of the con-
tinent. In a very short time the balance of trade was found to
be against her, and in less than twelve months near twenty mil.
lions of dollars were drained from the vaults of the Banlswf
ngland to meet it. In I&33 the opium trade with China was
stopped, and the London money market deprived of about ten
millions of dollars which it had been accus'omed to receive
from that source. These events caused a deficiency in the Eng-
lish money market of about thirty millions of dollars, and came
near compellinT the Bank of England to suspend specie pay-
ment. To save itself from a step so prejudicial to its own in-
terests and the fiscal operations of the Government, the bank
resorted, as it will in all similar cases, to the most rigid restric-
tions on the cotton trade—accommodations were positively re-
fused to all persons engaged in it, and the consequence was that
prices wei e reduced in a very few months nearly one-half. The
objects of the bank were to save itself from a suspension of (ash
payment by curtailing its liabilities, and to reduce the price of
cotton; and consequently the price of yarns and other manu-
factured articles, which are consumed by the grain growing
countries of the continent, so as to increase their consumption,
raise the balance of trade in favor of Great Britain, and arrest
the drain of the prtcious metals from her to the continent. If
causes over which we could exercise no control have produced
effects so prejudicial to the price of our great staple, could it be
supposed by any well informed person that the people of the
South can be duped into giving their support to measures
which are intended to cause a m uch greater drain of bullion
from England than she suffered in consequence of two short
crops and the loss of the opium trade?
Mr. Chairman, I have shown that paper credits, in some form,
must be used to facilitate the commercial and financial transac-
tions of the age in which we live, and consequently it is perfect-
ly absuid to suppose that this Governmnut can or intends to
make its disbursements in specie. Can any one believe for a
moment that specie will be shipped from one extreme of the
Union to the other, and carted hundreds of miles into the inte-
rior to pay contractors, laborers, soldiers, sailors, and all the
employees of tbe Government, when Treasury drafts on New
York would be worth more than specie to the receiver, and save
the cost of transportation to the Government? Sir, tbe idea is
absurd—the design of the Administration undoubtedly is to de-
mand the revenue in specie, and make its disbursements in
Treasury drafts or notes. We have be-n informed that the es-
timates for the expendituresof the Governmenthavebeen made
with great care, and as they embrace no contemplated appro-
priations for the prosecution of the Florida war, or other extra-
ordinary expenditure, it is reasonable to presume that so long
as the country shall suffer the rule of the present dynasty, the
disbursements will not fall short of twenty millions of dollars
per annum. The exports of the planting r tales are looked to
to supply annually this enormous sum of the precious metals,
which, in one year, would cause as great a dram from the Eng-
lish money market as the loss of two grain creps, and must ne-
cessarily drive the Government and the Bank of England to the
adoption uf measures similar to those which have, during the
last year, affected us so injuriously; and if the Administration
in this country shall be powerful enough to continue the sys-
tem, it must, in the nature of things, result in the most disas-
trous consequences to the agricultural and commercial interests
of the staple-growing states.
Mr. Chairman, letus now look to the effects which this "In-
dependent Treasury" scheme will produce on the other great
sections and interests of the Union. The planting States export
the great staples that support our commerce with Europe, and
supply our domestic manufactures; and they are the great
consumers of the producís of the industry of all the other Slates.
Any measures, therefore, which affect injuriously the interests
ofthe former, must necessarily be felt from one extreme to the
other of the latter.
The almost exclusive application of labor in the staple'
States to the production of articles for exportation, prevents
