810
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar. 1840.
£5th Cono-.-Ist Sess.
Treasury Notes—Mr. Evans.
H. of Reps.
White the average of disbursements  was, for the
first three quarters ... $8,029 259
And of the last quarter           -          -   7,458 836
la both the receipts and disbursements of this
year, the last quarter was very near an average of
the otheri, not varying enough from it to justify the
idea of the preat fluctuations upon which so much
stress is laid.
We have yet no exact account of the last quarter
of 1839; but the Secretary, in his estimates, sets
down the probable receipts and expenditures very
little varying from the ascertained average of the
first three quarters. Such, sir, is the experience of
the Department upon this subject, and I think it very
satisfactorily shows that erdinatily both the income
and the expenditure of the latter part of the year
bear a very near approach to the average of the
earlier part. As regards the present year, I am
aware that a tedempt'on of about two millions of
Treasury notes will fall uprn the Treasury in
March, April, and May, but that amount does not
bear a proportion to the whole expenditures of the
year sufficiently large to authorize the assertion that
"muck the larger portion" of disbursements fall upon
the early part of th« year; nor to require an i-sue
of five millions of new Treasury notes to meet
them.
This measure must stand, sir, if it stands at all,
on other, and, as I think, stronger grounds. It
grows out of an immediaie pressure on the Treasu-
ry; a pressure not cao sed by a mere fluctuation in
receipts and expenditures, but from za absolute de-
ficiency of means. It is not an anticipation of the
revenue merely, but the creation of a debt—a bor-
rowing of money when the resources of the coun-
try, and the revenue hereafter to be received must
day. I am aware that payments are expected in
the last part ef the year of certain balances due
from the late deposite banks, and from the last
bond of the United States Bank; but these are not
the ordinary resources of the Government, and fall
considerably short of the amount now proposed to
be issued. So far as these resources are relied upon
to meet the redemption of this debt, the Treasury is
living on its capital, and not on its income. In my
judgment, therefore, unless some other and more
satisfactory reason shall be assigned for expecting
a large revenue in the latter part of the year, much
larger than ever the Secretary anticipates, it will
turn out that at the clo=e of the year these notes
will be unredeemed, and an increasing deficiency in
tb.3 means of the Qtvernment to meet its disburse-
ments will exist.
Upon *h*t foundation does the expectation rest
of being able to redeem this emission within the
year? Is it experience? Is it probability? Is the
revenue of the country increasing or diminishing?
Will it equal this year an average of tne last three
years? la the first place, a biennial reduction of
duties has taken place amounting to $300,000: and
again, does the present condition of the country
justify the expectation of extensive importations?
That I will consider hereafter. Has the ordinary
revenue of the last three years been equal to the ex-
penditures?
I will now show how that mat:er stands. On the
1st day of January, 1837, there was fupposed to be
in the Treasury five millions of dollars, directed to
be retained when the surplus money was deposited
with the States, but, in point of tact, owing to sub-
sequent payments not known to the Secretary when
the diftnbution commenced, th-'se five millions
turne I out to be $6,670,009. Then we kept back
the fourth instalment due to the-States, which was
$9,367,000. Since then we have collected three
b 'lid* from tbe United S'ates Back, wn.ch amoun:-
ed to not far from six millions. There is now out-
standing two millions of Treasury notes; and added
to all these, of postponed merchants' b.mds ü r re-
venue accruing in 1835, and which would have
been collected and distributed prior to 1537, th-re
has batn since paid about seven millions. Tne
precise amount I am unable to state. Th se vari-
ous í urns amount, in all, to over thirty millions of
dollars. From this amount, there is to be d duct-
ed the sum due from the banks, $SOO,000, and the
amtunt in the Treasury .about $1,500,000. Dedoct
two milli'ns more for contingencies and possible iai -
ures in tbe collec ion of the bonds, and you have
over twen'y-nve millions which has been expended
wi>hin three year*, over and above all the ordina-
ry revenues of Government. In other word*, the
expenditures of the Government have exceeded its
income, in three years, upon an average, more than
eight millions a year.
What reason have we to expect that things will
be any better during the present >ear? I confess I
see no ground of such expec'ation, even should the
present amount of business continue. I am aware
the Secretary holds a different opinion. He tells us
that the expenditures are estimated at so much, and
the receipts at so much, and, by hard paring down
on the one hand, anJ swelling up ou the other, he
brings the amounts near to each other; but there is
to  much reason to fear hs errs on both sides. This
was his opinien at the beginning of the session; an
opinion which the honorable chairman says re-
mains unchanged except so far as the Treasury
shall be drawn upon for refunding duties by reason
of recent decisions of the courts, and ex' ept so far
as the expected revenues shall be cut off by the em-
barrassments of thi country. A very large excep-
tion, indeed! As to the amount called for in con-
sequence of the decisions of the courts, it does not
yet amounf, so far as I am able to learn, to one
hundred thousand dollars, and we have a bill now
pending to put a s'op to that. The Secretary still
holds the opinion unchanged, that the accruing re-
venue of the year will come up ¡o his original esti-
mate, unless there be some catsse to diminish it; un-
less, indeed, it shall be cut short by the embarrass-
ments of the country !
Well, sir, that is a very sufficient cause for a
failure. He ras estimated the accruing revenue at
three millions for the last three months, but has
ny thing like that amount been receiver? I speak
not of payments of bonds on last year's importa-
tions, but of dut e* accruing on the importations of
these months. I fe*r, sir, the Secretary is doomed
to a woful disappointment. The importations of
the present spring, as compared wih the corre-
sponding period of last year, have fallen off three-
fourths, according to all the information we have
upon these subjects. Our vessels are returning
from Europe almost empty. I am well informed,
and the Secretary knows tha same, that one of our
best packets has recently arrived in New York, and
instead of a freight of twelve hundred pounds ster-
ling, which she had last year, it now falls short of
four hundred punds. The Secretary may "nold
his opinion" as long as he pleases, but experience
is doing away with the grounds of it every hour.
Toe packets, instead of bringing heavy importa-
tions, the duties on wbijh would recruit the Trea-
sury, are, in fact, carrying away goods, with a
view to receive the drawback; and this arises out
of the embarrassments of the country, because tbe
merchants cannot, dare not, sell them in this coun-
try. There is no demand for them. The people
are no longer able to puicbase or to pay.
How it may be with the receipts from the public
lands I di n> t know; but it can hardly be otherwise
than that they mu*t be much affected by the pre-
sent condi ion of the country. And what is that
condition? What is the occasion of this diminu-
tion in our receipts? The Secretary admits thtt
there is great embarrassment prevailing throughout
the country, occa>ionei by the suspend n of specie
payments by ¡some of the banks. This is the more
valuable and important aJmission, as I believe it is
the first time sn intimation has ever come lrom that
quarer that the ieveoue of the countrv, or the state
of the Treaautv, was at all dependent upon the
banks. I am glad that at la*t it ¡s discov^ied that
the state of the Treasury has some connection with
the s ato of the banks, upon which so long a^ so
indi criminate a war has been waged. It is found
out at lengh, too late to repair tbe evil, that we
have bf en all along crippling our own resources,
while we thought we were only crippling the banks.
Tne honorable chairman seemed to think that the
whole embarrassment under which the country now
suffer* is occa-ioned by the bank* turning, as he
said, the last screw upon the commercial commu-
nity. But is this su? All the information we have
leads to a conclusion directly the reveisi*. The
banks are quite easy. Money is plenty enough.
Yet there is little demand for it.   The real difficulty
is, that there is no business to do. What do we
hear from New York? So far from there being any
pressure there, every mail informs us that money
is abundant. The banks can loan mnch more than
there is any demand for. Do not gentlemen see
that large loans are now daily making by capitalists
on mortgages? The demand for business purposes
is small. Credit is almost des'royed, and, with it,
business ceases. And this is just what we might
expect. Why sh uld our merchants make large
importations? Where can thpy sell their goods?
Not in the West, nor in the South. Why? Be-
cause the Southern and Western merchants cannot
afford to pay for them in a currency worth from
ten to twenty per cent, more than the currency for
which they must sell them. Hence business has
ceased; it has come to a stop. There is hardly any
channel of communication between the importers
and the purchasers. Whence, then, is the revenue
to be derive ? Art not the prices of every thing
declining? Are not waires falling? Are not our
manuf ctures stopping? All these go to make up
tbe business of the country; and when these stop,
business stops, and tbe revenue stops. Gentlemen
seem to delude themselves with an idea that the bu-
siness of the country is of course to revive. What
is there to occasion its revival? What cau«e ii
operating? It is, indeel, true, that a healthy action
is going on. We are now largely exporting both
cotton and flour; but these go chiefly to pay for
former importations. We are diminishinp, slowly
to be sure, oar commercial debts abroad, but this
brings no revenue. There is another rea on why
our accruing income for this year will be short, to
which the Secretary himself refer?, but does not, as
I think, attach sufficient importance t<; and tiat is,
that the country is already stocked with goods of
former years' importation, and hencj fewer may be
expected this year.
In view of this state of our affaire, what is there
to revive the commerce of the country? What
fresh demand for imported go ds is likely to arise?
We all know that American credit of every kind
has been lately a good deal impaired abroad. Is it
likely that, in such a s'ate of things, foreign manu-
facturers and merchants, who have hitherto largely
supplied our cities on thjir own account, will con-
tinue to do so. A large amount of State stocks has
been taken up here, and remitted abroad, much of
which has gone to pay for imported fabrics. Pro-
bably no more will be sent for a considerable period
at leas'; and I confess, sir, I can discern nothing in
our present condition, or in prospect, which leads
me to the belief that any revival of the business of
the country is likely soon to occur which will have
a favorable influence on our finances.
The Secretary himself tells us that, after the next
year, a permanent deficiency in tbe revenue may
be anticipated, owing to the great reduction then to
be made in our tariff of duties. So that not only
the money which we now borrow by Tieasury
notes is not to be a mere draft in anticipation cf
an accumulating revenue, but is evidence of a de-
ficiency, which deficiency will be increased from
year to year. Yet the House is told by the hono-
rable chaiiman that tbis operation is but a mere
anticipa ion of accruing revenue. Such a view of
it is certainly fallacious, and will delude the
House, and deceive the country. Better, far bet-
ter, to open out eyes to our real condition, and to
meet the crisis as we ought. I coul I have wished
that the Secretary had tak-n a different view, and
had made a full expose of the true condition of our
finances, instead of this labored effv>rt to cover up
and hide the nakedness cf the Treasury from the
public eye. The truth is, we are now in deb , and
it is proposed that we shall increase it still more
to keep the Tieasury along, while at the same tun"
there is no prospect of any early improvem-nt of
our finances. We are living on borrowed money,
having exhausted our capital, and we are about to
borrow more for our daily expenses. Bat not only
has there been great error in overstating our pro-
bable receipts—there is also as ere&t in underrat-
ing our expenditures. The Secretary, I know,
has made constant effort to keep down the esti-
mates; and they are certainly a good deal cm tail-
ed.   But it seems to mt lie roust be sensible that
