812
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar. 1840.
2Gth Cong* — 1st Suss.
Treasury Notes—Mr. Evans.
H. ot Heps.
now, «hen we are relieved from debt, our income
falls short of our expense*. The Treasury was al-
ways exposed to "fluctuations" and "unexpected
deficiencies"—as much so as it is now; and no
other authority ever existed as a "permanent safe-
guard" than now exists. No "legal provisions"
have expired. All the reoeipts and all the ba-
lances are now, as they always have been, liable
to be used "so as to assist in any contingency;"
and if it has at length come to this, that the expen-
ditures exceed the revenue, it is not to be set down
as a fluctuation or a contingency, but should be
acknowledged as a deficiency, and be met as a de-
ficiency.
After the payment of the public debt, the Secre-
tary says: "Toe first resort, in the event of fl ac-
tuations, was temporary, and consisted of the ac-
cidental and unexpected accumulations which im-
mediately followed " How these accumulations
were either accidental or unexpected, I confess I
do not comprehend, except that the amount some-
what exceeded what might have been anticipated.
Being relieved from the payment of some twelve
or fifteen millions annually, it was quiie natural
to suppose that a considerable surplus would ac-
cumulate; and when this surplus was expended
and divided among the Stales, without the power
to recall, the Secretary finds himself, as he says,
•'without any resort, temporary or permanent, in
case of material deficiencies." That he has no
power to borrow money, or to lay taxes, or im-
pose duties, or issue Treasury nous, or to do that
which Congress alone can do—to supply the ways
atid means of carrying on the Government, I freely
admit; and I further admit that no such authority
has at any time before existed in the Depart men',
or ought to exist at any time hereafter. The Se-
cretary stands precisely where all his predecessors
ha e stood before him. Whine ver the exigencies of
the Treasury have required, Congress has provided
the mode of meeting them; but no standing, per-
manent authority, that I know of, has ever bsea
given to the head of the Department, in his discre-
tion, to meet contingencies, and fluctuations, and
deficiencies in the mode now recemmsnded. In-
deed, all this parade about fluctuations and contin-
gencies is illusory.
The secret is just here—our receipts do not meet
our disbursements, and that is the whole matter.
It is due to the country that they should know at
once that the revenue is fast declining, and that
some measures must be resorted to without delay
to meet the deficiency. One oí the reasons which
the Secretary assigns for these alleged fluctua'.icns
is worthy a moment's notice:
"Toe practice of incurring expense* in certain
cases, sometimes legislative and sometimes mili-
tary, or of a different chatacter, in anticipation of
appropr ations, and occasioned by unexpected ne-
necef sides or unusual delays, seems to be increasing.
It augments the risk of a temporary deficiency, be-
cau^e large sums thus become payable in a mass
and forthwith from the Treasury, when most of
the members of Congress, at the time of making
the appropriations, except that ths burden will be
spread somewhat equally over ths whole of the
ensning year."
If this practice has prevailed, and is increasing,
why is it not arreste.!? Is it not wholly unautho-
rized? Is it not an abuse, and one of a dangerous
character, t--o? But, real'y, ho"v does a delay to
make an appropriation throw an adli'ional bur-
den upon the Treasurj? If the appropriation had
been made earlier, the money would have ben
called for sooner, and, although it is possible so
large amount! would not be required at any one
time, yet the general aggregate at lhe late period of
the passage of the appropriation must be ths same
in either eveat. The delay to pas* an appropria-
ti in bill has generally been considered a rel.ef to
the Treasury, and not an embirrassment, as it en-
ab'es lhe Treasury to keep back amounts which
would otherwise be called for.-
I have already said, Mr. Speaker, that I concur
entirely wiih the chairman in the opinion that the
Treasury is greatly in need of the re'ief which this
bill proposes. I do not djubt it in the least. The
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
CnsHiNo,)  rea*oning   from the Secretary's  own
statements, think: otherwise; and I agree that the
Secretary, in his strong solicitude to show, on the
one hand, the prosperous condition of the finance?,
and on the other to exhibit some reasons for the
passage of the bill, is in rather a perplexed condi-
tion, and perhaps does not make so clear a case of
necessity as he well might do. Finding the mea-
sure was n'-t likely to be adapted on the ground of
"a permanent safeguard," he finally was obliged
to recommend it on the other ground of a present
necessity, a temporary measure, an anticipation of
the revenue. Now, sir, what is the true state of
the malta? The available means in the Treasury
at the beginning of this month was abont
jl,300,000, and this scattered over every portion
of the country, not readily to be collected together,
and made available for any sudden emergency.
Not more than two-thirds of it, says the Secretary,
convenient for use to pay pensions and redeem
Treasury notes. This is all we have in hand. The
estimates of receipts for the ensuing three months
may or may not prove correct. But, wi h this
amount only in hand, we have two millions of
Treasury notes soon falling due. At the beginning
of this year, we had eleven millions of unexpended
appropriations' of last year, of which more than
eight millions were to be expended within this
year—appropriations already made, and fur which
the Treasury is li-il le any day to be called upon.
The Secretary supposes the demand will be at ths
rate of $1,500,000 a month for three months to
corns. Besides, new appropriations must soon be
made. The other Executive Departments are
much pressed. I have reasons to beliere, as the
honorable chairman well knows, that lhe naval
service is now suffering fur want of means. Two
ships of war are expected daily to arrive, and
about $200,000 will be wanted <o pay ihem off.
Orders are understood to have been given, or soon
to be given, to fit out three others, for wh'ch large
sums are required.
Other payments, also, are now becoming dne.
Drafts upon some branches < f the service, I have
reason to believe, are now under protest for want
of appropriations and the moment any of the
general appropriation bills pass, *a heavy cal', as
we all know is usual, will b* made upon the Trea-
sury. Now, with so small an amount in hand,
with receipts so uncertain, and, as I think, dimi-
nishing, how ate we to meet these urgent and
heavy demands? For one, sir, I do not desire to
see the Treasury thus embarrassed and harassed—
living from moith to month and day to day, striv-
ing to conceal its poverty. I do not desire ;t
she-uld incur these hazards of insolvency to wh'ch
it is perpetually exposed; and I could wish that the
Exrcutive Departments, instead of these temporary
expedients, would boldly avow their real condition;
and call upon Congress to furnifh adequate means
of supporting the Government, and maintaining
the public credit. What reason have we to sup-
pose that these exped enis will stop here? That
this is to be the last call for Treasury notes? We
have no experience to justify such an expectation.
What has been the history of the last three years
upon this subjeci? The first i«ue of Treasury
notes was authorized in October, 1837. We all
know how reluctantly that was granted. It pre-
vailed only on the ground of being a temporary
measure, as it is now urged. It was nothing then
but an an'icipation of th3 revenue, as it is now.
Ten millions were auihon'ze.1. Of these, only
about 4 300,000 were issued before the end of that
>eai; and, in the annual report of the Secretary in
December, 1837, he says:
"It now appears probable that during the next
year, means will be posssssed, without any perma-
nent loan<¡, recall of forme; deposites, or ircrea'e of
taxes, sufficient to red.5f m seasonably the Treasury
notes that become payable, as well as to meet all
the or unary appropriation11.
•'Nor is any occasion to keep out a gnat amount
of these notes anticipated."
The President, also, in his message of the same
time, say«:
' Tne amount of Treasury notes which it will be
necessary tousue durhsr the year (1838) will, it is
supposed, not exceed four and a half millions of
dollars."
Well, sir, w« are now in the third year; and
what is the result? The Treasury notes have not
all been redeemed yet; but, on the other hand, five
millions more are wanted. The money due from
the deposite banks, which amounted to more than
twelve millions, and the withholding of which fur-
nished the only apology for the neefssity of issuing
the notes, has been reduced to about $800,000, and
still the notes are outstanding. Instead of issuing
only, as the President supposed, four and a half
millions in 1838, very near that amount was issued
in the first quarter of that ysar; and, in the two
next quarters, over eight millions mors were is-
sued, making over twelve million seven hundred
thousand in the first tare* quarters of 1838. Al-
though it was not then anticipated that there would
be any occasion to keep out a great amount, it is
now desired and proposed that five millions be put
in circulation, with power to reissue them as fast
as they come in, keeping a constant circulation to
that extent, equal to one quarter of all the annual
expenditures of the Governmen'; and even this
amount, I have no doubt, will be found insuffi-
cient.
With this experience before us, I confess I see
no good reason to believe that the use of Treasury
notes, as a resource to supply the Treasury, is to
stop with this issue; on the other hand, I believe
the country will next year fin 1 itself with a con-
siderable debt, and an exhau-ted Treasury.
I am aware that the Secretary had very plausible
reasons to assign for the disappointment of his ex-
pectations in 1838. The deficiency of ihe Trea-
sury in the spring of that year which called for a
new issue of notes was attributable, he says, to the
fact that fhey were receivable for public dues, and
that the chief payments bein? made in Treasury
notes, and there being no power to reissue them, he
«as left without means to carry on the Govern-
ment. Certainly they were receivable for public
dues; and that was one of the chief recommenda-
tions of them. They were designed only to antici-
pate the revenue; and when they were redeemed by
the public debtors, the Treasury was relieved from
their redemption. Taey hal accomplished the.'r
purpose; and it was only when they had fulfilled
their functions of paying debts which we owed, and
of being redeemed by the accruing revenue, as was
expected and intended, that the Secretary begin to
perceive that this spending money in advance—this
anticipation of revenne—was not exactly the thing
"it was cracked up to be." In short, he found that
it was anticipating his means of getting on with the
ordinary operations of ihe Government, and hence
he had to call for a fresh supply, for another tem-
porary expedient, and he communicated his diffi-
culties in a very laconic way.
"The peculiarity," says he, "in the present con-
dition of the finances, can be very briefly explain-
ed. It has arisen not from any actual deficiency
which has jet occurred in the amount of receipts
anticipated for the year, nor from any excess of ap-
propriations which has yet been made either for oi-
dinary or extraordinary object?, but from a prohi-
bition to use for the payment ot the public does
what is required by law to be received for them."
Being required by law to receive Treasury notes,
the comp'aint is that he could not use them in pay-
ment of public debts. But what was th« fac? Tney
had already been once paid out to public creditors—>
t'iey had answered thepjrposefor wh:ch they were
intended—they had anticipa'ei the revenue; and
now, forsooth, the complaint is that be cannot re-
issue thsm; in other words, that when the Treasury
is bankrupt by reason of paying its deb:s, it has no
power to contract new deters.
The "peculiarity" of which the Secretary speaks
is precisely ths "peculiarity" which every embar-
rassed debtor feels, who has no means of meeting
a ju^t claim, and cannot turn| his creditor off with
an o'd note which he has once taken up and can-
celled. It would be quite a convenience certainly
to most debtors, if, as fast as ihey take up one out-
standing liability, they coold reissue it in payment
of some other debt im nedia'ely pressiag, and so
on, as fast as these evidences of indebtedness came
in. It is a process, however, which nobody has
yet been quite able to make ava.lable, except the
Secretary, to whom th:s power was given, and is
