Mar. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8iá
86th Cono..-.1st. Sbss.
Treasury Notes—Mr. Evans.
H. of Reps.
Ktposed again to be given by the present bill,
is, sir, was in May, 1833. In March following,
another emission was authorized; and now, in
March, 1840, another demand is made; and always
upon the ground of temporary measures. Sir, they
begin to wear too much the appearance of per-
manency; and, as a permanent remedy, every body
agree?, I suppose, that it is the worst, most expen-
sive, and least convenient remedy that can be re-
sorted to. I shall not go into a comparison between
this mod* of supplying the wants of the Treasury
and others which have been suggested. The argu-
ments against the use of Treasury notes, of Go-
vernment paper money, have been very fully and
very ably stated by other gentlemen. Our own
history, and the history of other nations, admo-
nishes us upon this subject. Eminent statesmen
and financiers of our coun'iy have testified asainst
it. Experience lifts her warning voice. But I
wish simply to remark that it is a mode of present
relief merely. It puts cflf the pressure for a single
day. Being always receivable, these notes are
always coming in, leaving- the Treasury as desti-
tute as it was before. Tiie great embarrassments
which the Treasury has labored under for three
years have grown out of being deprived of other
mean*, by the payment of so large a portion of the
revenue in these notes. The communications of
the Secretary are full upon this subject, The Trea-
sury is perpetually exposed to "fluctuation" and'
contingency, and, if the system is to be continued,
will often find itself in severe straits.
Gentlemen have spoken of these notes as only
being issued in payment of public dues; but that is
not their only use. Many of them are used " to
borrow money upon." The act expressy autho-
rizes it F, then, we are to make a loan, is it not
better to make it in the usual form, upon certifi-
cates of stock, which are not thus receivable in
payment of revenue, but payable at the pleasure
and convenience of the Government, instead of the
holder? The means and resources ef the Treasu-
sury will then always be understood, and something
like certainty and regularity in its operations may
be anticipated. But the objection to that mode is
more nominal than real. It is said that that would
be "a debt," and "a national debt is a national
corse." Why, are not these very notes a national
debí? Do we not owe them? Are we not to pay
them? Has not money, in fact, been borrowed
■pon them? Have not loans been made upon
them?
When the honorable chairman tells us that he
is not making a loaa, but is only anticipating re-
venue, does he not know that a large portion of
former emissions have been used to b; rrow money
on? Of the two millions now outstanding, a large
proportion are now held by the banks.
[Mr. Jokes here interposed, and said be did not
know this to be the case, nor did he believe that
such was the fact ]
Mr. Evans. A portion are undoubtedly still in
circulation, but the exhibits lately made of the con-
dition of some of the banks show that large amounts
of those notes are in their possession. The Man-
hattan Bank for one, and others in Philadelphia.
And that very fact has been assigned as one of
the reasons of the present difficulties of these in-
stitutions.
Mr. Jones. I here sta'e on authority which I
cannot question, that there never has been an ar-
rangement between the Secretary of the Treasury
and any bank, that the notes shall be kept out one
day. So far from it, the arrangement has been ex-
actly the reverse. The Secretary has expressly re-
served to himself the right to redeem the note',
even before they become due; and a large amount
of them has actually been called in, and the inte-
rest on them saved.
Mr. Evaws. Called in? It may be so, but I de-
sire to know whether a considerable portion of the
notes have not been used to barrow upon? I do
not say any arrangement has been entered into to
keep them out.   I know not how that is.
Mr. Jonbs. It is true the notes have in many
instances been exchanged for specie, bat whenever
this has been done, the bank has always been re-
quired first to deposite the money in specie, subject
to the Secretary's draft, before the notes have been
given.
Mr. Evans. That ij what I understand. The
mode of proceeding is this. The Secreary places
an amount of notes in the bank?. He says he has
exchanged them for specie, but the fact is, he ob-
tained a credit on the books of the bank, subject to
his draft for the amount thus deposited. Upen this
credit he draws, as the wants of the Government re-
quire. In some cases the holders of his dral ts may
perhaps obtain specie, but in most cases they have
undoubtedly been paid in the notrs of the lnnk
Mr. Jokes. My information is, that no Treasu-
ry no:e has been exchanged for bank paper, but
that the bank has always deposed the specie be-
fore receiving the notes, and that they have always
been received at par.
Mr. Evans.   The specie deposited^   Where?
Mr. Jones. The back has placed the amount
to the credit of the Secretary.
Mr. Evans Undoubtedly. Just so. That is
what I say. The Secretary requires the Manhat-
tan Bank, for example, to give him credit for half
a million of dollars on the r bo^k*. They do so.
He has got credit for that amount, which, like all
other credits, may be drawn out in spacie, and for
this he gives Treasury notes, and that ths honora-
ble gentleman calls exchanging Treasury note^ for
specie; but whether the Secretary's drafts shall be
paid in specie is a matter to be arranged with the
banks by the holder of the draft, and not by the Se-
cretary of the Treasury. The bank receives the
Treasury note*, and keeps them on deposite-, the
honorable chairman says that the Secretary never
pays over par, but I ask if he leaveshiscredit or any
part of it'undrawn for any period? Does he not
pay more than the amount of interest specified on
the face of the notes? Does the bink advancs the
specie at the time the notes commence running, or
does it hold it on deposite a considerable period while
the interest is going on?
Mr. Jones. If the gentleman will take the whole
amount of interest paid on all the Treasury notes
issued since 1837, he will find that it does not ex-
ceed four per cent. Tae money is not rai-ed till it
is needed.
Mr. Evans. I can readily understand why the
interest does not average over four per cent. Two
and a half millions of these notes bore only an in-
terest of two per cent, while something less than a
million had an interest of one mill. Now, when
you throw these into the aggregate, it reduces the
average, of course; besides that, many of these
notes come in early, in the payment ef duties, and
before much interest had accrued. I was much
surprised to hear the chairman ?ay that the Secre-
tary has called ba*k these notes and redeemed
them, and thus saved interest, when every commu-
nication from the Depar'ment tells us that they
have been forced on him in the payment of duties.
Mr. Jones. That is so. Of the three millions
last issned, only two millions remained out on the
first of January. The rest had been called back
and redeemed.
Mr. Evans. That is precisely what does not
appear. They were not "called back" but came
back in the payment of duties, agaiesi his will.
Mr. Jones. They were called back under the
direction of the Secretary, as I think his statement
shows.
Mr. Evans. I am aware of no such statement
__of no such fact. On the other hand, the Secre-
tary has been perpetually embarrassed, because
they have come in upon him so rapidly. It has
been a source of annoyance to him; and quite sure
I am there is no evidence that any of them have
been redeemed, voluntarily, before maturity.
My object, in this part of my remarks, is, to
show that this is not the most convenient mode of
obtaining money. It is not denied that one cause,
and a chief one, of the present emergency is, the
liability of the Treasury to be called on for the re-
demption of the notes now outstanding. Both the
Secretary and the honorable chairman himself ad-
mit this; and, so far, fortify the argument I am
using.
In reppect to the constitutional power of the Go-
vernment to issue bills of this description, whhh
was so ably argued by the honorable member from
Georgia, [Mr. King J I confecs, if this were a new
question, I should feel considerable hesitation.
But I consider that this has been practically set-
tl d by wise and eminent men, and sustained by
public opinion. It is far better to enjoy the Con-
stitution than to quarrel about it; to live under its
wholesome provisions, and to give it strength and
permanency, than to involve it in perpetual obscu-
rity and doubt; and I ajree so far with the argu-
ment of the honorable member from New York,
[Mr. Vanderpoel ] He holds that some respect
is due, upon qaestions of this sort, to the opinions
and acts of preceding Congresses, quite as compe-
tent to judge upon constituiional questions as our-
selves.
Tney afford in themselves, as he thinks, strong
evidence for the constitutionality of any measure;
at the same time I could wish that the honorable
member would practise a little more on his own
principles, I heard the same argument used not
long ago in favor of an appropriation for the Cum-
berland road, by an honorable member from In-
diana, [Mr. Howard,] and I am disposed, as far
as possible, always, to yield to such authority. At
the same time, I think I can put to bath these gen-
tlemen, who lay so much stress upon the argu-
ment, a case, where not only preceding Congresses,
commencing with the first which assembled under
the Constitution, embracng many of the framers
of that instrument in its number, have established
upon the fullest deliberation the constitutionality
of a great public measure, a measure for a long
period sustained by popular opinion, and finally
confirmed as a constitutional act by the h ghest ju-
dicial tribunal of the country, in wh;ch both those
honorable gentlemen will, at once, repudiate the
argument to which, when it suits their purposes,
they attach so much importance. I do not profess
to know the exact opinions of either; but I hazard
little in the surmise that both will be found deny-
ing the constitutional power of the Government to
establ^h a National Bank. Waiving, therefore,
all discussion of the constitutional power of Con-
gress upen this subject, the only question for us is
one of expediency. If I believed, with the hono-
rable chairman, that the emergency is temporary
only, and that the receipts of the year would be
adequate to the expenditures and the redemption
of the notes, and if I did not believe that this wss
to be an enduring and habitual rerort of the Trea-
sury, I might be qui'.e willing to vote for this bill
in preference to any other mode of supplying the
Treasury; but, believing, as I do, that the practice
will continue, and will increase from year to jear,
and desiring as I do, especially at this particular
juncture, to see the Treasury better supplied and
more ready to meet a great emergency should such
arise, I should greatly have preferred earlier action,
and a different mode. The chairman himself can-
not but see that we are not now left free to choose.
Here is a great public necessity, so great that the
Depar'ment is anxious that the bill should pass
this day. The chairman desires to get it out of
committee to night The cry, at every interval, is
question, question. Now, sir, does not this coun-
tenance the idea which the gentleman seemed so
earnest to repel, that this bill is thrust upon us
when we have no opportunity to resort to any other
resource? I wish it were otherwise. I wish
that the Treasury was in a condition to
meet the exigencies which the wants of the
coming year may cast npcto it. I regret that
the finances of the country have become so de-
ranged, and that the prospect is so discouraging.
Earlier a'tention should have been given to it; bnt,
in the condition in which we find ourselves, I can-
not consent to oppose sny obstacle to the only mea-
sure of relief to the Treasury which we have the
opportunity of granting. I cannot bat hope, how-
ever, irut the «ondition of the finances will attract
more of the attention of the House than has hither-
to been given to it, and that early measures may
be adopted to render it healthy and stable.
