June, 1840._____________
¿6th Coso....—1bt Se s.
APPENDTXÍTO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8Í5
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Websler.
Senate.
holding his credit; and failed after all. And there
are well-authenticated cases of the payment of still
larger sums. Boundless extras and cool exorbi-
tancy were thus suffered to eat up what belonged to
creditors.
Now, sir. would it not have been much better for
all parties and for the public that these unfortunate
persons should have stopped payment the morning
after the fire, assigned all that was left of their prop-
erty, and received a discharge 1 And this, be as-
sured, many of them would have done if the law
had provided that by so doing they might have ob-
tained that discharge. But there was no such legal
provision; they had no hope on that side, but from
the consent of "all their creditors; and they believed
that ail would not consent, and therefore there was
no way left to them but to keep on, wading into
deeper water at ever)* step, and stopping at last, with
nothing to divide save anion  endorsers.
Mr. President, we hear it frequently said that all
honest debtors may always obtain discharges from
their creditors upon an honest assignment of their
effects. This is the language of the memorial of
the Board of Trade, and this is the language, espe-
cially, of the letter to the honorable member from
New York, which has been read. Sir, such is not
my opinion, nor the fruit of my experience. I be-
lieve that creditors are generally humane and just;
but there will be some, always, or often, who are
selfish, unjust, or indifferent. " There will be some,
often, who will not compound. The man, there-
fore, who would stop, since he knows he is insol-
vent, if he could be sure of a discharge, cannot be
sure of it. He may be as honest as possible; he
may strip himself of the last farthing; but yet he
cannot promise himself any release. It is notorious
that some creditors will and do hold on; and as to
the debtor, this is as decisive as if all did so.
Now, sir, this bill proposes an object to a man
whose circumstances ha e become insolvent, and
makes that object sure. It tells him, by way of in-
ducing him to stop in season, and before he has
wasted his property, that, by assignin?, and acting
honestly in all things, he shall have a discharge;
that no unreasonable creditor shall be able to pre-
vent it; and with this certainty before him, he will
stop in season, or, at least, is much more likely to
stop in season than he is at present.
This, then, sir, is the second benefit which this
bill confers on creditors. And who will deny that
it is a clear and a great benefit 1 It holds out a
strong inducement to debtors to stop in season, and
to distribute their property honestly, while they have
yet property to distribute, and before they have wast-
ed it all in useless sacrifices to retrieve their affairs.
But there is a third benefit which this bill confers
on creditors. It takes away the power and the mo-
tive of concealment. Under the present state of
things, the motives of an insolvent man lead in the
opposite direction of his duties. Every thing is
bionght to bear against his honesty and integrity.
He has every temptation to conceal his property;
and there are many ways in which he may conceal
it. If he surrenders all, he cannot be discharged,
and, fherefore,willbe in no condition to earn any
thing more. He may, therefore, not choose to sur-
render, and may set his creditors at defiance. I
have heard of an instance in which a man failed
for one hundred and fifty thousand dollars, and he
showed assets to the amount of eighty thousand, and
there was no reason to suppose that he had any
more, or had acted dishonestly in any way. He
offered to give all up for a discharge; but while
most of his creditors were willing to discharge him
on such a surrender, some were not. A year after-
wards he renewed his offer of giving up all, but his
property had by this time become diminished by ten
thousand dollars, so that he had but seventy thou-
sand to offer; and the obstinate creditors of last year
were now willing to take what was then offered,
bat wonld not take less; and so the process of offer
and refusal went on; and the last I heard of the
case, this proceeding was likely to result in the cre-
ditor's getting nothing, and the debtor's becoming a
beggar.
If there be not many cases exactly b'ke this, or
quite so strong in all their circumstances, there are
still very many which much resemble it; and this
bill will put an end to them all.
Sir, the great power by which the debtor is to be
moved to act honestly and fairly, is his hope of a
discharge. This is to him every thing. Hardly
any earthly object, in his view, can be greater. It
is this which is to reinstate him in a condition of
effort and action. Creditors can obtain a benefit, by
means of this, far superior to any good which they

can ever get by holding on to his future earnings.
Generally, this last right is good for nothing to the
mass of creditors, though sometimes an individual
may profit by it. In some cases, it is true, where
the amount of deb1 is small, the bankrupt will strug-
gle hard to earn the means of payment, that he may
afterwards work for himself. But if the amount be
large, he will make no such effort. He will not
woi k altogether for his creditors. Not only will he
not do that, but, as I have already said, he is under
strong temptation to retain and conceal what he al-
ready possesses. I need not sav of what evil con-
sequence all this is. I need not say what ill-will
naturally grows up between debtors and creditors
standing in this relation. The creditor thinks his
debtor unjust and roguish; the debtor regards his
creditor as remorseless" and cruel; and mutual re-
proaches and deep bitterness of feeling are often the
result. How much better, sir—how much better
every way, that the law, by its timely interference,
should give the debtor's property to whom it belongs,
and set him free to begin a new career of industry
and usefulness!
And in the fourth place, sir, this bill gives the
creditors an equal distribution of the debtor's effects.
In the present state of things, a bankrupt may pay
one creditor all, and another nothing; and he who
gets nothing may, perhaps, fail himself, when, if he
could have received his just proportion, he might
have been saved. The great interest of the mass of
creditors is, that the debtor's eflects shall be equally
divided among them all. At present, there is no
security for such equal division, and this bill pro-
poses to give that security. And I repeat, that if any
thing ever comes of the power of a creditor to hold
on upon his debt, in the hope of getting something
out of the future earnings of a notoriously insolvent
debtor, it is usually not the mass of creditors, but
only some one of them who gets any thing; and that
one, very likely, may be he who deserves least.
These, Mr. President, are the securities, the new
securities, the important securities, which this bill
furnishes to the creditors. If there be nothing in
them, let that be shown; but until it is shown, let it
not be said that there is nothing in this bill for the
creditor's benefit.
And, Mr. President, these provisions belong to
the voluntary as well as the involuntary parts of the
bill. The real reciprocity, the real equivalent, must
be looked for in the provisions made for conducting
the proceedings, and not in the source in which the
proceedings originate. Suppose creditors to have
ever so full a power of declaring their debtors bank-
rupts: this would not avail them, unless proper pro-
visions were made for a full assignment and fair
distribution of the property.
On the other hand, if such provisions be made,
the creditor is secured, although the proceedings
originate with the debtor himself. It may be wise,
or it may be unwise, to retain the coercive clauses;
but, whether retained or not, they do not constitute
the true equivalent or reciprocal benefit of the cred-
itor. The real state of the case stands thus: the
benefit of a debtor consists in obtaining a discharge;
this he shall have; but, in order to obtain it, he shall
give the creditors the benefits of a full and honest
surrender of all his property; he shall show, if a
merchant, that he has kept proper and regular books
of account; it must not appear that there has been
any false swearing on his part, or the concealment
of any part of his property; or that he has admitted
any false or fictitious debt against his estate; or that
he has applied any trust money to his own use; or
that he has paid any debt by way of preferring one
creditor to another, in contemplation of bankruptcy.
And the Senate, if they see fit, may insert that the
consent of creditors should be necessary to his dis-
charge; though, for one, I should never consent to
that, without reserving a right to the debtor to sum-
mon dissenting creditors to appear before the proper
tribunal, and show some just reason for withholding
their assent.
I have now, sir, gone through with all that I pro-
posed to say upon the voluntary part of this bill. TMy
undertaking was to show that that part of the bill does
by itself, and of and in itself alone, contain pro-
visions of the highest importance to creditors, and
the security of creditors; and on the various points
which I have noticed, I am ready to meet any gen-
tleman who may choose to contest the matter. The
opinions which I have expressed I hold with confi-
dence, and am willing to defend them, and to submit
them to the judgment of all men of experience.
My second general proposition was, that whether
it were advisable on the whole^ or not, t<i retain the
compulsory part, yet that that part did not give any
important addition to the security of creditors; ana
that therefore it was not of great consequence
whether it be retained or not.
In the first place, let us remember that the form
of proceeding is the same, after its commencement,
whether it be begun by .he debtor or his creditor.
If there be any benefit" to the creditor at all in the
compulsory part, it must be in the mere power of
declaring his debtor a bankrupt under certain cir-
cumstances, and of making him, willing or unwil-
ling, go thiough the bankrupt process. Now the
difficulty is, that though this power might some-
times be beneficial to the creditor, yet it is next to
impossible so to describe the circumstances which
shall constitute a just occasion for the exercise of
the pow er, as not to leave it still, in a great measure,
a voluntary matter with the debtor m hen he will
subject himself to the provisions of the law. This
has been found the difficulty in all systems, and most
bankruptcies are therefore now substantially volun-
tary. Those acts which are, in this bill, called acts
of bankruptcy, and which, if committed, shall en-
able a creditor tn sue out a commission against his
debtor, are, nearly all of them, voluntary acts, which
the debtor may pel form or not, at his pleasure; and
which of course he w ¡11 not perforin, if he wishes
to avoid the process of banki uptcy.
These acts, as stated in the bill, are, secretly de-
parting from the State, with intent to defraud his
creditors; fraudulently procuring himself tobe ar-
rested, or his lands and goods attached or taken in
execution; removing or concealing his goods, to
prevent their being levied upon or taken by legal
process; making any fraudulent conveyance of his
lands or goods; lying in jail twenty days f< . want
of bail; or escaping from jail, or not giving security
according to law when his lands or effects shall be
attached by process.
Most of these acts an insolvent may avoid the
commission of, if he choose, especially as there are
now few instances of inprisonment for debt. The
acts of bankruptcy, according to the British statute,
are very much like those in this bill. But a trader
may declare himself insolvent, and thereupon a
commission may issue against him; and that is sup-
posed to be now the common course. Creditors
will seldom, if ever, use this power. A creditor
desirous of proceeding against his debtor for pay-
ment or security, naturally acts for himself alone.
He arrests his person, attaches his property, (if the
law allows that to be done,) or gets security for his
own debt the best way he can, leaving others to look
out for themselves. Concert among creditors, in
such cases, is not necessary and is uncommon ; and
a single creditor, acting for himself only, is much
more likely to take other means for the security of
his debt than that of putting his debtor into bank-
ruptcy. Nevertheless, I admit there are possible
cases in which the power might be useful. I admit
it would be well if creditors could sometimes stop
the career of their debtors; and if the honorable
member from New York, or any other gentleman,
can frame a clause for that purpose, at once efficient
and safe, I shall vote for it. Even as these clauses
now stand, I should prefer to have them in the bill,
my original proposition having been, as is -well
known, that there should be both compulsory and
voluntary bankruptcy; and I vote now to strike the
provision out, only because others, I find, object to
it, and because I do not think it of any great impor-
tance.
I proceed, sir, to take some notice of the remarks
of the honorable member from New York; and
what I have first to say is, that his speech appeared
to me to be a speech against the whole bill, rather
than a speech in favor of retaining the compulsory
clause. He pointed out the evils that might arise
from the voluntary part of the bill; but every one of
them might arise, too, under the other part. He
spoke of the hardship to creditors in New York—
that they should be obliged to take notice of the in-
solvency of their debtors in the Western States, and
to go thither to prove their debts or resist the dis-
charge. But this hardship, certainly, is no greater
when the western debtor declares himself bankrupt,
than when he commits an act of bankruptcy, on
which some western creditor sues out a commission
against him.
All the other inconveniences, dangers, or hardships
to creditors, which the honorable gentleman enu-
merated, were, in like manner, so far as I recollect,
as likely to arise when a creditor puts the debtor
into bankruptcy, as when he puts himself in. The
gentleman's argument, therefore, is an argument,
