818
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mai-. 1846.
J26th  Cono • • 1st Srss.
Restore the duty on umbrellas and parasols—Mr. Knight:
Senate.
danger the bill. 1 have restricted myself toa con-
sideration of the fact itself, of the numerous bank-
ruptcies existing in the country. Nor has my de-
sire for the success of the bill been less, because
there are only some eight or ten States of the Union
in which it is most needed. For it has ever been
with me a moiive, regulating my public conduct,
to concur in the adoption of any constitutional
measure demanded by the wants or necessities of
any pari of the Union, although it might not be
requisite to the prosperity of the State whose servant
I am. This motive acquires, in my opinion, irre-
sistible force when we refleet that Congress alone
can minister to the sufferings of the community by
exercising this power exclusively confided to its
authority.
The Declaration of American Independence,
which announced our existence as a nation, so-
lemnly proclaims, as a self evident truth, that the
right of every individual person to life, liberty, and
the pursuit of happiness, is unalienable. Does the
wretched bankrupt, sunk down and overwhelmed
by perhaps unmerited misfortunes, against which
no human foresight or prudence could guard,enjoy
the benefit of this maxim1? He is not, indeed, de-
prived of life; but he drags out a miserable and
lingering existence, without one cheering hope.
The humanity of progressive civilization has ex-
empted his person from incarceration in the dark
cells of a public jail; but the liberty which is granted
to him enables him only to see more distinctly, in
the light of heaven, and intensely to feel, the mis-
ery of his condition. Stripped of all motives to hu-
man exertion; with the incubus of an immovable
mass of debt upon him; surrounded by a family
sharing, without being able to alleviate, his sorrows
and sufferings, he is mocked by the privi lege of "the
pursuit of happiness," pronounced tobe unalienable
in the most memorable declaration of human rights
that was ever promulgated to the world. Let us,
sir, make that guaranty substantial, practical, avail-
able, by fulfilling the duty imposed upon us in the
power delegated ijr the Constitution to pass this law.
SPEI
In Senate,¿
'Mr.
resol uti
"S,
OF MR. KNIGHT,
OF RHODE ISLAND,
reh II, 1840—On the resolution to restore the
duty on umbrellas and parasol*.
idbnt. I will ask leave to introduce the following
. and to make some preliminary remarks thereon:
'ilvtd. That the Committee on Finance be instructed to
.   nto the expediency of bringing in a bill declaring that
ft of March 2, 1833, repealing the duty on 'bleached and
iched linens, table linens, linen napkins, and linen cam-
. and worsted stuff goods,shawl , and other manufactures
«Ik, or of which silk shall be the component material of chief
alae, coming from this side of the Cape of Good Hope, except
sewing silk,' shall not be so construed as to include umbrellas
and parasols."
Sir, in the tariff of 1832, umbrellas «re distinctly named as
subject to a duly of Íw%my1íve~pér cent". SJ vunirtni; mcyron--
tinued to pay the duty until the last year—nearly seven years—
when a construction was put on the law of 1833, allowing the
importation of umbrellas free of duty. Whether this is a judi-
cial decision or a Treasury eonstiuction, I know not; but such
is the fact, that they are now imported free of duty. It seems to
me that the paragraph of the law repealing the duties, was in-
tended to apply to piece goods only, and not to umbrellas and
parasols, and in proposing to have the committee bring in a
bill declaring that the paragraph of the law shall not be so con-
strued as t  include umbrellas and parasols, we have a prece-
dent directly in point.
Sir, a few years pasta memorial was presented to the Senate,
stating that a similar construction had been put on the law ad-
mitting railroad iron free of duty. This was referred to the
Committee on Manufactures. That committee reported a bill
declaring that the act releasing from duty railroad iron, should •
not be so construed as to include spikes, pins, and chains, as
railroad iron. The hill passed both Houses of Congress, and is
now the law; and all that is required in this case is, to pass a si-
milar act. and the manufacturers of umbrellas and parasols will
be placed where they were under the tarifl of 1832, and then they
will be saved from ruin by the labor of foreign countries. This
is all that is required, or is necessary to be done in this case.
Sir, I will now notice some of the remarks made by the Sena-
tor from South Carolina the other day, which appear t,> me to
have a bearing on the resolution under consideration.
It was stated hv that Senator "that every tariff for protection
has invariably disappointed its friends in the protection anticipa-
ted, and has been fallowed by a demand for another tariff with
increased duties, to afford a protection vainly anticipated from
a s predecessor."
In replying to this statement, I will endeavor to show that
«very tariff has disappointed it  friends in the protection anti-
cipated by them. My remarks are intended to apply to one
of the great and leading manufactures of our country, (to wit,
cotton,) and I shall leave to others to state the effect of the tariff
on the manufacture of iro% lead, glass, wool, «Yc.
The tariff of 1816 was designed to protect and establish the
manufactures of the country, without which the cotton manu-
facture would have languished, and soon would have died; but,
by the timely interposition of Congress, it was saved from im-
pending ruin. The tariff of 1816 secured the home market to
the manufacturer for such goods as he was prepared to make
at that time, and, In effect, prohibited the irepoitationof the al-
most worthless cottons of Asia, and the coarse cottons of Great
Britain, and, at the same time, imposed a duty of three cents
per pound on all cotton imported into fu\a country.   This duty
of three cenia per pound excluded all cotton from use by our
manufacturers, except that of th; growth of the United States;
and this was called the American system: to wit. to lalseihe
cotton in theUm'ed Stales, to manufacture it heie, and then
wear it by our own citizens. This duly of thiee cents per
pound compelledour manufacturers to use abetter quality of
cotton in their business, and consequently, a better quality oí
coarse fabrics was made by them than «as made by the manu-
facturers of other countries; the manufacturers of other coun-
tries using the best cotton for their finer fabrics, and the poorest
for their coarse goods. Having thus, by the tanffof 1816, firm-
ly established the manufacture of coarse cottons, it consumma-
ted all that was expected by the practical manufacturéis and
the real friends ol protection. In truth, the coarse fabrics were
all that the country was prepared to make at ihat time. The
tariff of 181S might be said to be an expeiiment, and a most su< •
cessful expei iment it proved, boih for manufacturer and i re-
ducer of cotton, and, also, to the country. I know it is said, and
believed by many, that a duty on cotton gives no protection to
the cotton planter, that the price is regulated by the European
market, and that a duty has no effect on it. Wiiatevei effect it
may have on the cotton planter, one thing, I believe, will not be
denied, that a duty of thiee cents per pound prohibits a poorer
quality of cotton being imported and manufactured in tte coun-
try, and which, when manufactured, would appear as well to
the eye as fabrics made of the cotton of the United States; but,
when cl scly examined, it would be perceived that the thread
is not as well formed and twisted, and consequently, will not
endure as much service as similar goods in appearance, made
of the better cotton of the Uni.ed Sutes. The same duly on
the cotton of Texas operates as a preventive to its manufacture
in this country. This, sir, is a digression from the subject; my
intention was, to show that the tanffof 1816 did not disappoint
its true friends—they realized all they expected by it. It gave to
them encouragement and protection, and firmly established the
manufacture ofcottoninthe United States.
Sir, bythisprofction, and by the increasing skill and indus-
try of the manfacturers, and, above all, hy the great and pro-
gressive improvements of the m ichmery and mechanic arts
generally, they were confirmed in the belief that they could
make a better and finer quality of cotton goods, if protection
could be extended to such quality also.
By subsequent tariffs, that protection was given; and what
has been the lesult? Sir, the industry and skill of our manu-
facturers have equalled for beauty, and surpassed in durability,
many of ihemanufaciiuesof the old world. Not only the plain
goods, but the calicoes, chintz, and fancy goods, will compare
with any in the market; and yet we are told the tanfl disap-
pointed its frirnds, and was followed by a demand for another
tariff, to afford the protection vainly anticipated fiomits prede-
cessor.
Sir, the tanffof 18' 6 did protect, as far as it was designed or
expected to protect, the manufacturer in making coarse cottons;
and subsequent tar.ffa gave protection to another quality of do-
mestics not included in the first tariff. These taiiffis partly se-
cured the home market to the productions of the manufacturer.
The manufacturers created anew market for the cotton planter,
and gave employments the mechanic arts, and encouraged
the farmer by an increased consumption of his productions,
both for manufacture and daily consumption. Under these
tariffs the manufacturers continued their business, and did not
ask or request further protection from Congress, to my know-
ledge. They were contented, and the country prospered. The
cotton planter had a new market for about one founh part of
his productions by the establishment of maanufactures; and all
were contented, and would have continued so, had not other
causes disturbed the harmony of society. Sir, I know of no
demand lor an inci eased tai iff after 1828, notwithstanding the
expansion of the currency.
It Is also stated by the honorable Senator, "that every increase
of duty, however high, requires periodically, after a short inter-
val, an additional increase " This proposition, as a general rule,
I think cannot be sustained; it will not hold good in regard to caps,
ha*, «booe^leid, bar iion,iror| casungs, and cannot hold good
with any article the country is prepared to supply to the amount
required for consumption. The Senator is under a mistake
also m regard to the greatest expansion of the currency from
1830 to 1832 in the greatest manulactunng district. The table
exhibited by him was not correct, and hence the error or mis-
take made by him. He stated that the currency in Rhode
Island had increased, from 1830 to 1832, one hundred percent.
The official statements in my possession show only an Increase
of about thirty-three per cent. This shows the Senator to be
mistaken in his premises, and consequently the assertion or
conclusion that the greatest manufacturing district had the
greatest expansion of currency is not sustained. I do not con
siderthisof much importance, further than to show that the
fact relied on by the Senator In support of his argnmept does
not exist, and, consequently, the argument drawn from it is
without foundation, and therefore Isils.
The theory of the Senator, that "the increase or protective
duties  necessarily followed by an undue expansion of the
currency until the price of production shall be equal to the pro-
tection," does not comport with our experience, or the history
of the times. The facts are opposed to the principle assumed.
The domestic goods protected by the tariff have not risen to the
amount of the duty, and I call on that Senator to show, not only
generally, but a single article manufactured of cotton in this
country that has advanced in price under the proteclive duties,
notwithstanding the expansion of the cuirency; and if it can-
not be shown the the price has increased, hut, on the contrary,
that cotton goods have fallen in price, the theory of the Senator
totally fails.
Take the whole range of cotton goods, look at the prices of
shirting, sheeting, bedtick, cliin'z, calico, and fancy articles,
which, before the protective duties were established, sold for
20,30,40, and 60 cents per yard, now selling at 8, 10, 15, and 2P,
and 25 cents per yard, and some white goods at 5 an  6 cents
the yard, being a reduction in price of 100 per cent, and up-
wards. Is it not so with manufactures of iron and of leather!
Nails have fallen in pnce one hundred per cent and shoes and
boots from ten to fifty per cent. Does this seem like protec-
tion being followed by an expansion of the currency till the in-
creased price of production in consequence shall equal the in-
crease of duty? Sir, the theory is well on paper, but when re-
duced to practice the rule does not hold good; competition de-
ranges the theory, and the rule fails. Whenever ihe supply
i quale the demand of any article, that article will come down
to the lowest price or cost of production.
The Senator says that the taiiffof 1823 caused an influx
of the precious metals jn,(o the CVH.n'ry.   I will admit, as a
general rule, thai, by the aid ol a nrifl piving employment t
our own citizens, gold and silver are biought into the country
Is that a very gieat evili 1 hey will go out again when needed
and are of greater value in another country lhan in this. The
legitimate use ol speciei-s to settle accounts with nations as
well as individuals, and it is constantly perfoiming that office,
and whenever there isa balance in our lavnr, the specie will flow
towards this country; and when the balance is the other way,
there will bean efflux of the precious metal'.
The rtenator states that Ihe importation of gold and silver,
over and above the exports, m the year IS1 , was $3,092,478;
and in the year 1*30, $6,911342; making in the iwo years un
excei-s of imports of $10,fiO6,S^0—and Ihat ihe estimated
amount of specie in the country on the fiiot day of January,
1830, (including the importation of the year 1S29,) was but
twenty-five millions of dollars; a turn, in my opinion, a gieat
deal too small for the wants and business cf ihe C0Hniry;~and,
undersuch circumstances, a consequent influx o. bj eci* must
ensue We had not our propoiimu of the precious metals, ami
the importation of specie placed us nearer to an equality with
other nations. And if the tarifTof 1S28 was the instrument that
produced the result, it deserves universal appr< bation. I would
hold toa tariff for ihat veiy reason, under ihe hope that when-
ever such circumstances shall agim occur, it would again per-
form ihe same service.
Again the Senator says, reduce duties, and export more.
Sir, I am not opposed to expmtins ail the productions we have
to part with, and all that it is in our power to produce; but, if
we reduce duties to a low rate, will not importations gieatly in-
crease? Is it desirable to increase imports and involve the
rountry still further in debt to Europe'2 Jf we allow foieigners
to send their productions here free of duty, do we not assist fo-
reign labor and depress onr own? And will not such a policy
break up our manufactures? The home market of the foreign
producer is secured to him by his Government We are nut
permitted to enter hisdomieii on equal terms with linn, and
why should we surrender our maiket to lnm free of duty also'
Ihe foreign manufacturer, after supplying his home market,
will send his surplus productions to us fne of duty, and by
such a process wn have neither a home nor foreign market,
and the consequence will be prosperity to the fonigner, and
ruin to ourselves; and, to carry out the system, the íesult will
be to cany all our machinery to Europe If the identical ma-
chinery is no' exported, new machinery will be put in opera
tion there, to supply the deficiency created by the destruction
of our own by such a policy. And would such a proceeding
benefitthe people of the United Stales? It would be ruin and
death to the manufacturers, and, in my estimation, a deep and
an abiding injury to evej-y other interest in this Union. Under
such a | obey, would the cotton planter have a better market,
or would it add to the number of consuméis of his productions,
or to iheirabilitv to consume? The North, undersuch a sys-
tem, would not be able to purchase, and therefore could not
consume; they must live on the productions of their s enle soil
and cold clima e, without many of the comforts a.id luxuries of
the present day, if luxuries they may be called. No, sir; by
the destruction of our manufacturts the cotton planter would
be depnvedofone of his best markets: not the largest, but the
best. The home market destioyed, nearly all his productions
will be thrown into one of the markets of Europe; and then
who would control the price, the seller sr the purchaser? Sir,
Great Britain, by securing the home market (including her
colonies and dependencies) to her manufacturers, gives to
them the power of competition all over the world; a com-
petmon they could not sustain wi'hcut the home market.
The profits en the goods consumed by her own subjects will
pay for most of the labor, the raw material, and the expense
of manufacturing; and the surplus, after supplying the home
corsumption, may bo considered as mostly profit to the manu-
facturer. This surplus he sends to a foreign market, and,
if he sells at a high price, Ihe ereater t.is piofi ; if at a low
price, it takes nothing from Ins capital, but only diminishes his
income for lhatyear; and in tin* way the British n-anufactu-
ler, by his surplus production  alone, can break down all com-
petition of manufacturers whose home maiket is not protected
in some degree by a tariff; and when competition is broken
down, he will command his own price,and the consumer will
have to pay it. No, sir, I would not repeal all duties, but
would sustain a tariff equal to our great competitor and ad-
versary at least, lam in favor of the old American system,
which commencedwith the warofthe Revolution,ard has con-
tinued to the present time, and so eloquently advoratid by the
Senator from Tennessee [ Mr Grundy] the other «day, when he
so clearly established the great prineip e, without contradiction
from any quirtjr, that it is easier and better for the country to
pay ten millions of dollars; er annum to our own citizens, than
to pay the same sum to foreu ners This, sir, is the whole es-
sence of the American system, and this is the system I desire
to maintain; and whoever suppous the princip'e laid down by
the Senator from Tennessee gives enerey and effect to the Ame-
rican sys'ero.
Suppose, Mr. President, that we repeal all duties on foreign
importations, and admit goods free of duty, ami drive ouifrianu
facturers to a fore gn market with their productions, what shall
we gain by the change? If our productions are not consumed
here, but exported, we must import as many more for our con-
sumption as we export. Nothing will be gained to tie coun-
try by such a change, but loss on fieieht and other expenses.
We may add to the table of impoits and exports on paper, but
in table of loss and gain wt shall I c on the wrong side; and this
is the result of importing more in order to export.
Sir, we need not be alarrsjjd about cxrorts«olon?as imports
exceed the value of our exports as they • ow <'o. We have im-
ported from Great Brnaln and her dependencies alone, in ihe last
twenty years, nearly Sfren'y nullwiisqf dollars moie than  e
have exported to her in the came time, including all the grfat
staples of the country. No, sir, we reed not fear, as the follow-
ing table will show *
Note —Whoever will talce the trouble to examine the forego-
ing table of imports and expons, will perctivem what regular
succession the embarrassments in our monetary concerns nave
succeeded the over importations of foreign productions The
importations of foreign productions in the vesrs 1835, 1836, and
1837, amount to the enormous sum of $480,855,96-}, and the ex-
ports of domestic productions for the same years to 8303 670J76,
leaving  balance agamst the United Slates of$ir7,l?5,7/8. The
export of foreign articles at the same time was $&l,105,817,Ieav-
ing a deficit to be paid in cash or otherwise by the United States
of one hundred and thirteen millions seventy-nine thousand
nine hundred and sixty one dollars, clearly show in?, "beyond
all doubt or cavil,'' that here lies one great cause of our dis-
tress; and whatever restraitij these excessive importations, whe.
*V *■*>.„ jf-,
