8fO
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar. 1840.
26th Como...... 1st Sesb.
Treasury Notes—Mr. Nisbet.
H. of Reps.
ministration or any other come into this hall and ask for Trea-
iar  ndtea, with a redundant Treasury of specie, or of any other
availabtefunds, such request would be the signal of its over-
throw Ami I would be among the first of those who would
like to be in at the death. This bill, in its terms, in its origin, and
the manner of Its execution, has, to my mind, no connection
with the Sub-Treasury bill. That has not yet come before us.
This is now upon it  passage. That provides for the collection,
disbursement, and custody of the public revenue, and prescribes
the kind of money in which it shall be paid. 'Ihis bill, not
trenching upon, or being connected with, those objects, only au-
thorises, by issue of Treasuiy notes, tbe loan of fire millions of
dollars. This is not tbe time for discussing the Sub Treasury.
When thai bill is before us, then it will be fair to consider whe-
ther too constant issue of Government credits be part of the
scheme. If it be, then I shall be with my honorable friend in
opposition to it
-But now, instead of a full Treasury as a basis for credits, 1
find it empty. Ita utter vacuity is the very cause, iront, and head
of tola offending bill—no more. Viewing, therefore, the ques-
tion as the facts present it, I cannot give such weight to the
member's arguments as to justify my voting with him.
Mr. Chairman, in advocating the issue of Treasury notes, I
am not to be considered as the apologist or supporter of the Ad-
ministration. 1 am neither the one nor the other; nor do I ap-
pear on this occasion its assailant I leave these tasks to those,
of which there are not a (ew, who have for them a special voca
tion. The errors of those whe administer the Government ought
to be exposed, and a corrupt Administration ought to be un-
seated: so it is but right that they should have defence. Of this
sort of warfare, there is quite enough in this hall. I do not com-
plain ofthis; but I do desire not to be understood as supporting
or opposing a measure because proposed by one or the other of
the great parties.
I was elected by a political party in opposition to the Admi-
nistration. I am myself in the Opposition. The obligations I
owe to my constituents, as well as my own convictions of duty to
the country, place me in the Opposition. Then* I expect to re-
main. But, sir, the opposition of the Stale Uights party of
Georgia and of myself, by them elected, is not capricious, hut
founded on principle; and whenever the measures of the Admi-
nistration are in accordance with those principles by which that
great and honest party regulate their political conduct, the op-
position ceases. Is this, sir, a sufficient definition of a position?
ft is certainly explicit. To use the quaint language of a South'
•rn editor, is this "the indefinite definition of the juttings and
boundiogs of one's political nothing"—that 13, one's position?
These definitions are often necessary in this day, for a political
position is an exceedingly variable thing. Politicians do not
often stand long enough in the same place to create a position.
They (positions) are intangible, optical illusions, which cheat
the sight. They remind me of an angle of the river Potomac,
called Point-no-point, which seems to be, but vanishes as you
approach it, existing only in the illusion created by light and
shade.
The name of Mr. Crawford has been quoted against this bill.
This is a name, sir, which I delight to honor. I revere the me-
mory of that transcendently great man—great in mind and in in-
tegrity. "Magnum vir et venerabile nomen." 1 thank the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Thompson] for the deserv-
ed tribute which he was pleased to bestow upon Mr. Crawford.
It is even true, as he said, that take him all in all, he has had no
superior since Washington-died. He wasajustexnonentofState
Rights principles—steady, practical, and sound. His policy was
to bold the Government strictly to its conceded powers, whilst
he frittered not away the doctrines he professed hy unmeaning
abstractions and metaphysical refinements, calculated only to
bring them into contempt and ridicule. Hut the authority of
Mr. Crawford is only to the expediency ofthis mode of raising
money. He did not raise to it any constitutional objection; and
this is the objection upon which resistance to it is now predica-
ted. He believed the power liable to abuse, being easy of exer-
cise, seductive, and therefore most likely to lie resorted to. But
when the clrcnmsuwce  flSstm- Qmi.iuun.rit «a -imnimf >i 
such as we know do now exist, it is by no means certain that
Mr. Crawford himself, if living, would not yield to the guard-
ed and moderate use of the power. The constitutional power
in his day, as I believe, was not questioned. This is an ob-
jection of recent origin, and started first, I believe, by the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Thompson,} at the extra
session of 1837. For myself, I would certainly exercise the
power most sparingly, and only in cases of pressing, nay, con-
trollese necessity. Of this necessity Congress must judge. It
is no pan of my duty on tbe present occasion lo prove that
this power may not be abused. I know it may. But having
satisfied myself that there is no valid constitutional objection, it
behooves me only to establish that position, and that the present
exigency justifies the use of the power. If, in some coming
day, it should be abused, why, let the blame oi that abuse rest
upon those who perpetrate it.
In relation, then, to the expediency of the use of the power
now, I remark that all parties admit that the Treasury needs
money, and must have it st once, or be dishonored. It is also
conceded that these netea will at once subserve the purpose of
Telief; that funds, through their agency, can be had, without
delay, and with certainty, or that they will themselves sub-
serve the uses of money, being made receivable in Govern-
ment dues. By a few days' delay, we are told, and no one has
questioned the statement, the Treasury will be exhausted,
and the Government and tbe nation will be dishonored. I can-
not see the national credit prostrated, or in danger of it, without
coming to the rescue. The distress of the country has fallen
also upon the Government. It is upon the verge of bank-
ruptcy. It has even been suited in debate, with what truth I
do not know, that the bills of the Department are even now un-
der protsat. Now, sir, the Government is the representative of
the honor of sixteen millions of people, and of the dignity of
twenty-six sovereign States. It is no small matter to have this
honor sullied and this dignity impaired.
I will not stop to inquire what improvidence, what want of
forecast, what false theory, or error of practice has broughtall
this about. The inquiry, though, sir, ought, at a suitable time,
and I trust will be made. I will not stay to ask the reason of
this state of things, but, with filial alacrity, hasten to the relief
of the great head of the States. I therefore conclude that cause
enough now exists even for the useofa power which is liable
to abuse. The only objection which I have to my colleague's
[Mr. Kino] amendment is, that the relief it will afford cannot
be so immediate, or so certain, and that a loan upon his plan
■would be for a longer time than I should like to seethe credit
tf lb* GoTeroWiW «tended,     muj,t Wnfess, too, Mr, Chair-
man, that, having satisfied myself that the Government can
borrow money through the agency of such no.es as this bill pro-
poses to issue, constitutionally, I am willing to assert for the
Government that power. Because, sir, believing, as I do, that
it has no power to incorporate a bank, and seeing no prospect,
even if it were desirable, so to amend the Constitution as to con-
fer it, I know of no means left to the Government, in limes of
war, to raise money, but thiough this very agency. I have
looked Into this quesiion, sir, with more interest than that which
grows out of the present. The destinies of the future are in-
volved in it.
I would greatly prefer, instead of voting suppliesin this or
any other form, to retrench and cut down the expenditures
with the receipts of revenue accruing from the ordinary sources,
and will go with any party in arresting those enormous appro-
priations which require high duties, and those high tariffs
which in turn justify large appropriations. Tariffs and expen-
ditures reproduce each other. High tariffs and vast disburse-
ments constitute the leading policy of many of those gentle-
men who have such troublesome qualms about the constitu-
*«w litvoftlrsbill. Some efforts at retrenchment have been
made during this session, but so feeble and ill directed as to
amount to no'hin?. Gentlemen have reduced the salary
of one officer five hundred dollars; a reduction against which
I voted, because I believe that fair salaries make good of-
ficers.
The game was net worth the chase. This was running
down hares when lions and tigers were in the jungle. If gen-
tlemen will refuse appropriations for the Cumberland road,
for harbors, rivers, and canals, I will gladly go with them. But
the necessity and principle of retrenchment do not require the
rejection ofthis bill, for this reason, that the money now sought
to be raised is to discharge existing obligations, from which
there is no escape-   Retrenchment must be prospective.
I understood the gentleman from New Y. rk, (Mr. Vanoer
poel,) who advocated this bill, to deny that it was a loan, and
to deny that it created a debt. Not only did he deny that
these notes, when issued, would create a deb', but rebuked my
colleague for, as he charged hy his amendment, creating a na-
tional debt. This is strange disingenuonsness, ora want ol
correct understanding of the subject. My col league's proposi-
tion is (or a direct loan; this also ¡a a loan, and if not a loan,
then, as I believe, wholly unconstitutional. Both are
debts. The moment these notes are issued, the obligation to
redeem them is perfect; and is not that debt? It matters net
how they are redeemable, whether in specie or by rer-eipt into
the Treasury as money; they are still the evidence of indebted-
ness. It seems to me that when that gentleman denied that the
Issue of Trea-ury notes was a loan, he abandoned the only
ground upon upon which it can be justified.
And now, sir, having removed from around this bill the
rubbish which almost hid it from view, and brought it out to
fair inspection, I will address myself to the inquiry into its
constitutionality. In this inquiry tbe guides I propose to my-
self are the canons of State Rights politics. I belong to that
school. I hold to those principles which are repudiated by
the greater part of American politicians; which are not un-
derstood by some, and sneered at by many—principles which
have been brought into disrepute more by the inconsistent piac-
tice of those who profess them than by any other cause. At
the basis of that system of politics is the truth so plainly ex-
pressed in the Constitution, viz: "The powers not delegated to
the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the
States, are reserved to the S'ates respectively, or to the people."
The United States can exercise no powers that are not delegat-
ed. All other powers, unless prohibited to the States, belong to
them respectively, or to the people. When seeking for a power,
therefore, it is indispensable to find the express grant. It
would scarcely be necessary for me to say that all power "ne-
cessary and proper" to carry into effect a delegated power is
with that power also given. It is not enough for him who
claims the power to show that it is not prohibited; for, by the
clause which I have quoted, all undelegated power, except
--  «* «smfifohihited. belongs to.tbe States or the people. Now,
there are powers which belong neither to the States nor to the
Government, and they are such as are not delegated to the lat-
ter, and are prohibited to the former. They lie in abeyance,
durmast, in the sovereign mass, the people ol the States respec-
tively. Among these is the power to "emit bills of cre-
dit." I assume at once, or, rather concede, that
Congress has no power to emit bills of credit. I con-
tend that the power to issue Treasury notes is embraced in
the dclegatedjjower "to borrow money on the credit of the Uni-
ted States. To establish this position, it will be necessary to
show that the notes proposed to be issued are not bills of credit;
if they are not, then they are but the evidences oía debt, and
the operation isa loan.
My colleague, (Mr. Kino,] and all who have followed him,
have sought to establish the unconstitutionality of Treasury
notes, upon the authority of the Madison Papers, recently pub-
lished, and he has invoked to his aid the name of that truly
great and virtuous man, (Mr. Madison.) Mr. Chairman, no
authority was necessary to prove that Congress has not the
power to "emit hills of credit," because such a power is not
among those that are delegated. And I shall show, I trust,
that the Madison Papers prove nothing more than that a power
to "emit bills on the credit of the United States," was, in the
Convention which adopted the Federal Constitution, proposed
and rejected. See 3d volume Madison Papers, paga 1343. The
gentlemen, some of them, however, contend that this authority
not only denies to Congress the power to emit bills of credit,
but also the power to use its credit by issuing notes, and such
notes as those contemplated in the bil'; in other words, that
Congress cannot, upon this plan, borrow money.
Now, sir, I think it is manifest that the Convention intended
no such thing. What was the power sought to be conferred by
those who were for this amendment, and to be denied by those
who were against it? It was obviously a power to make and
circulate paper money, and that, and that only, is meant by
'•bills of credit." The evil dreaded was a continuous power of
issuing bills upon the credit of the'United States, with a view to
circulation, and to answer the purposes of currency. This is
proven by the language and arguments used by the members of
the Convention at the time. Mr. Madison, who seems, at first,
to have been disinclined to strike out, said: "Will it not be suf-
ficient to prohibit making them [bills] a tender?"—looking
plainly to a money-creating power.
Mr. Mason said, "Though he had a mortal hatred to paper'
money, yet, as he could not foresee all emergencies, he was un-
willing to us the hands of the Legislature." Mr. Gorham said,
"Tbe poffw, m for |S it Will be necessarjr or safe, is involved to
that of borrowing." Mr. Gorham voted for striking out. and
his authority is directly in support of the position which I as-
sume, to wir, that the powerof issuing noies is involved in tl at
of borrowing. Gouverneur Mortis leinarked, "Striking out
the words will leave room mil for notes of a responsible minis-
ter, winch will do all the good without the mischief. The mo-
neyed interest will oppose itm plin of Government, if paper
emissions be not prohibited." The authority ofthis eminent
financier proves two things, viz: t! at paper emissions was the
evil guarded against; and that if the words "and emit bills,"
&c. werp stricken out, still there was room for the notes of trie
money officer of the Government. Mr. Mercer "was a friend
to paper money; he was consequently opposed toa prohibition
of it altogether." Mr. Ellsworth "thought th¡3 a favorable op-
portunity to shut and bar the door against pnper money." Mr.
Randolph, notwithstanding hisantipathy to paper money, could
not agree to strike out, &c. Thus you see, Mr. Chairman, that
the members of the Convention understood "bills of credit" to
mean paper money, and that the power denied was a power to
emit paper money.
There isa note to the Madison Papers made, as stated by the
member from New York, [Mr. Vandehpoel,] by tbe gentle-
man whs superintended their publication, upon the au hority
of a manuscript of Mr. Madison himself, in these words, viz:
"This vote in the affirmative of Virginia was occasioned by thi
acquiescence of Mr. Madison, whobecame satisfied that strik-
ingoutthe wordswould not riisiKe the Government trom the
use of public notes, as far as they could be safe and proper,
and WMuld only cut off the pretext for a paper currency, and
particularly for making the bills a tender either for public or
priva'c debts." I claim, therefore, the name of Mr. Madison
as authority for all I have yet assumed in this argument, and
will only add that Treasury no es during the last war, under his
administration, were issued to a large amount, without being
by him, so far así know or believe, questioned.
It is assumed, however, that these notes are bills of credit,
cr paper money in that s nse in which those who framed the
Constitution understood those terms. If this assumption be
correct, then the argument is at an end; for, in that event, I
am very clear there is no power in Congress to pass this law.
If it be incorrect, the argument also terminates; for, in that
event, there remain. , as I have shown, no further objection to
the exercise of the power. This, therefore, is the only issue
remaining for elucidation. The phrase "bills of credil" admits
of a variety of meanings. It has a meaning peculiar to com-
mercial men, and may signify all nesotiable paper payable at a
future day. So it may mean, in one sense, any evidence of a
debt due by the Government and redeemable at a future day;
but, as used in the Constitution, it has a monetary meaning
different from both of these. It is obviously designed to ex-
press money, as used generally, and intended for circulation in
paper form.
I take it for granted that the power, which we admit is not
given the Government to emit bills of credit, is the same with
that in those words prohibited to the States. Now, as to what
is a bill of credit when issued by a State, we have ihe opinion
of the Supreme Court in the case of Craig et al. vs. the State
of Missouri. The Court, in this case, holds the following lan-
guage :
"The word emit is'never employed in describing those con-
tracts by which a State binds itself to pay money at a future
day for services actually received, or for money loaned for pre-
sent use; nor are instruments executed for such purpose, in
common language, denominated bills of credit. To emit bills
of credit conveys to the mind the idea of issuing paper intended
to ciiculate through the community for its ordinary purposes
as money."   See 4 Peters's Reports, 431.
Now, sir, let us see what are the Treasury notes to be issued
by this bill—what are their distinguishing characteristics, and
determine whether, according to the opinion of the Supreme
Court, they are or not "bills of credit." Let us see whether "they
are paper intended to circulate through the community for its
ordinary purpose as money." And let us see, also, wbe'her
they ate not the mere evidences of a debt—instruments executed
as evidence of a contract for money loaned for present use. The
bill before the committee receives the act of 1837, and to that we
refer for the character of the notes.
Now, sir, I contend that they are not intended to circulate as
money, first, because they arc not, as bills are, redeemable on
demand, nor can they circulate beyond the limited period of
time; andan indefinite period of circulation is one of the dis-
tinguishing features of money; that is, it may, and it is general-
ly desired that it shall circulate for an unlimited period. Now,
these notes are redeemable at the time fixed in the act by virtue
of which they are issued. It is provided in the second section
of the act of 1837,that the said Treasu ry notes authorized to be is-
sued by the first section of this act shall be reimbursed and re-
deemed by the United States at the Treasury thereof after Ihe
expiration of one year from the dates of said notes, respectively.
It was urged by my colleague that the amount remaining out at
theendofoneyear, the time at which the present bill expiies
by its own limitation, would remain out, and go fu ly into the
circulation. The answer to this is, that, if they are not pre-
sented for redemption, upon notice from the Secretary of the
Treasury to that effect, they no longer beaj interest, and would,
therefore, be subjected to at least a depreciation to the amount
of interest they bear. This would doubtless send them home
for redemption, and would operate as a preventive to Iheir
circulation.
Secondly. Because they bear interest. Interest is not a
characteristic feature of bills designed to circulate. Bills of
credit or paper money are intended to realize for the State  r
company issuing them a profit by reason of the fact that they
do not bear interest, whilst those who usethem, the commu-
nity at large, pay interest for that use. But this bill charges
the Government with interest upon the notes she may issue,
thus placing her in the position of a borrower at an estab-
lished rate of interest. Is not this, Mr. Chairman, the truth of
the case? Is not the Government a borrower by placing her
notes in the market to be vended for their principal with in-
terest? Is this any thing more than borrowing money by the
use of her credit, and are these bills anything more than the
written undertaking of the Government to refund at a. lime
certain the money raised by their instrumentality?
Say that these notes are paid out in discharge of existing
obligations, still it does not vary the esse, for, in that event, it
is but an extension of the credit .of the Government for a
benefit already realized, or money heretofore received. The
process proposed in the bil) is analogous to that known to
every shopkeeper, by which money is borrowed from banks or
capitajiits upon accommodation paper.  It is not less a loan
