Jan. 1840.
APPENDIXITO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
í6th Cong.......1st Sbss.
821
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Jllford.
because the note which attests the obligation of the borrower
to pay may be negotiable; nor is it the le.s a loan because
it reaJiiís the receipt of no new fund, but continues the use
of alum) already received Are such notes, when issued by
ind viduals, money in anv fair sense ol that word! If they aie
not then are not these notes money!
1 he tact that these n tes do bear interest not only proves
tha- they aie not des gned to circulate, but also lestiamstheir
circulation, for the reason that, il they bear an interest equal
to the value of money, they will ba taken and held hv banks
or capí ahats upon permanent invtstnient. To make them
baar interest b yond all quesuon, I propose, Mr Chairman,
before I ute my seat, to offer an amendment, by way ot pro-
viso, to the last section of the bill, which is lathese words
' Provided, That the notes proposed to be issued by virtue of
this bill shall bear interest ot not less than two, nor more than
six pet cent per annum, at the discretion ot the Secretary ol
the Treasury, with the approbation of the President."
[M' Evans, of Mame, here remarked that such proviso
wodld be unnecessary, as the notes were made to bear interest
airea ly by tr   -ot ]
It is true, Mr Onairman, that by the act they must bear some
interest, but it may be barely nominal—the act providing that
they shall bear interest not exceeding 6 per cent, at the discre-
tion of the Secretary ol the Treasury. Now my desire is by
this amendment to require them to bear as much as 2 pel cent
interest.
Again, sir, they are not bills of credit, or money, because
they are not payable to bearer, and negotiable by delivery; and
this is one of the attributes, if I Diay so speak, ot all paper de-
emed to circulate as money On the contrary, then negotia-
bility is restrained to some extent at least by their being tra> s-
ferablo by assignment endorsed upon them. In section 5ih of
lb  act of 1^37 i wa^ enacted
"That the said Treasu y notes shall be transferable by delive-
ry, and assignments endowed thereon, by the person to whose
order the sa ne shall, on the fate therejf, hate been made pay-
able."                                                                              w
1 he holders of these bills, under my construction of this
clan?e, derive no u !e, but by an assignment t> ereon from all
who have been prior holders, and thus certainly their circulat-
ing quality is limited, if not wholly resttained I am awaie
that other" place a diflerent construction upon this section,
c ainuoe lhat under it they can be endorsed in blank by the
piyee,ard will,of course, circulate rferwards by delivery,
but such I do not hold to be the lair construction *
These notes are not made a tender—could not be made a
tender. There is no obligation, statutory or otherwise, upon
any Government creditoi to receive them They are receiva-
ble in payment ot dues to the Government, but does that make
them money'' What is that but the extinguishment of tha
d-bts of the Govei nment by offsetting debts due to it! So far
as they are to circulate at all, that circulation is between the
Government itself, its ebtors, and creditors. Their circulation
is incidental only. They are not based upon the mere faith of
the Government, because the act itself sets apart the unappro-
priated funda which may be lu the Treasuy at the time of their
maturity for their redemption.
All these things show that they are not money designed to cir.
caíate. Well.sir, what are theyl In the language of the court
before quoted, they are "contracts by which a State binds itself
to pay money at a future day tor money loaned for present
ose."
By the letter of the Constitution, Congress has power to bor-
row money—upon this delegation I rest the matter. And how,
■r, borrow money? Why, in the language of the Constitution,
"upon the credit of the United States/' It is wholly incompre-
hensible to me how money can be borrowed without the use
of «edit. It is also wholly Unintelligible how credit can be
Djed without some scribe oi instrument, as the evidence of the
contract of borrowing Now, it the objection be good to Trea-
sury notes, it seems to me it is equally good against Sta'i stock,
or Government scrip, or any thing which is .he tvi lence of a
loan, and that it does, in fact, make the power to £ orrow money
wholly nugatory
" Mr Habkrshah subsequently offered an amendment, re-
quiting that the notes be negotiable by special endorsement
on y, and subject to the same rulesani restrictions as l.itaud bil's
oí exchange, without liability to endorsers.
r ei
SPEECH OF MR. J. C. ALFpfcD,
OF GEORGIA,
lathe Kousiof ItcprcsentaHvee, January 2S^f810—On the
subject ol Abolition petitions.
Mr Speaker, I am pleased that I lave atkSt obtan ed the
fijor, andhaveau oppor.umty oí expressingmy views in this
Hall on the most important question}—a cpestion to my con-
stitaeuts of the deep si interest, 011C4 tJjBi strikes at the ex-
istence ot the Lmon.
I will not evada the q .est.on It my fnend from South
Carotina (Mr Ti oapao\j does rot intend by h's proportion
to reject the reception, I will offer an amendment that shall
biing thequesi'Oi threcily heiore the House, and compel this
bujy to decide whet ier ihey will 01 will not recewe these
pennons The ge^leuian Eigmnes his m'entiun is to refuse to
receive iVse pell lout, suchvvas my opinion oftlie oljert of
the resulations,ai,j underthat view of the que^tlcn I euppoi 1
ibiaaier 'n-ent
1 w li meet th a <(ue*iion at once on what its frtenis are
Pita-=d tocallin t í^iLba^lnghcunstitmioialgrounls Con-
gress has pocons i<uuoiul light or power to íeceive these
Am'i .on f/e'i>A>ii, at. 1 let me say to gentleman, n all truih
«nUi iceriiy. t'iat if they decide, in vio'ation of that sacred
' «truinent, lhat.hey Ehal b recived, I will say to my con
s tu n-s !ro n mv hea t an 1 s ul that they have no longer any
veiortoi*, r„ioi It v. >ii then- be to tnem an engine of the
cust diabólica1 oppression. 1 am ready to eay th 3 to* them
'jcnevei-gept'e nan are re3lyto dtci le the question in fioi
ofreceptio,) I place the iseue on their reception, and will
!> o„ted to demon-,'ia'e, o 1 eonalilnti mal principles, l'i-tt Coi
giesjhcu, no nghi to receive, to consider, to leport upon, or to
in ttut. p ayei "f th re petition''
Wlut i* I'leiujeu 1 h« o petition..! What do th y priy
f-> I bjui^ olthoii gato abjltsb Uavety andlbe sla e nade
Hi ioei).si,ctolCoIu'nbia; some to abolish it in the Ten no-
ne , add some in theS.atesandsomi  prey that no new State
«hall be admitted into the Union if the Constitution autlpnze
their^'miMm 0 slavery.   I' ism this broad eene  I am about to
H. of Reps.
consider the propoei ion. What fays the Constitution! Let
us look to that I have not come here to appeal to the North,
the East, or the West, as men, to protect our rights. I appeal
tono men,or set ol men—to no party, Whig or Democrat—but
I plant myself num the Constitution of my country, the only
basis upon which I am willing to stand Weie it not for this
Constitution, I would advise my constituents to go back to first
principles; were it not for the protection guarantied to them by
this Constitution to enjoy their rights of property, as well as
their piivate and polmtal rights,! should tell them to protect
themselves with their own strong arm And if gentlemen
doubt our abilnyto do so, let them look at this neht arm of
mine But we have this Constitution, and gentlemen say they
claim the right te present and consider the^e petitions under
that clause which piovides that "Congress shall make no law
respectingan establishment of religion, or prohibitirg the fiee
exercise thereo1", or abridging the'freedom of speech, or of the
press, or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to
petition the Government for a redress of grievances " I will
not say that one man cannot petition as well as another, but
I do mean to say that every one must petition for hw own
grievance, and I contend that slavery is no grievance. And if
it were, it is no grievance of these petitioners, living as they do
in States where slavery is no' tolerated by law. Each State of
the XTmen has a Constitution of its own, and in the Southern
8 ates «lavery is authorized by law Each State legislates
for its own peopl , and the peopla of our State have no interest
in or right to control the legislation of another S ate, in regard
to this question especially
Ths right of property held by the master in his servant in
Georgia, according to the laws of Georgia, can be no griev
anee to the citizen of Maine, nor is there any thing repugnant
to this neht of property in slaves in the Constitution of the
United States, but, on the contrary, the Constitution of the
United States fuily recognises this right of piopertyin slaves,
by íust and ample provisions for the protection of our people m
their domestic tranquillity And, to insure the blessings of the
relative condition of master and servant to us and our posterity,
the framers of that instrument inserted a clause which autho-
rized the importation of slaves in this country for many years
after its adoption    Let the Constitution speak for itself
"The migration or importation of such persons as any of the
States now existins shall think proper to admit shall not be
prohibited by the Consress prior to the year eighteen hundred
and eight, but a tax of duty may be imposed on such importa-
tion, not exceeding ten dollars lor each person "
Thus it seems the Constitution contemplates the existence of
slavery 111 the States through all time, and who now can say in
truth that it was ever contemplated by the framers of the Con-
stitution that the people oí any part of this Confederacy—the
ladies of the North—would send to Congress petitions to inter-
fere with our domestic tranquillity—to interfere with our right
of property, and claim that privilege of intermeddling 11 other
people's business upon the giound that our lawful and constitu-
tional rights are a grievance to them? The absurdity of re
ceiving these petitions is obvious to all. To me the proposi
Hon seems to violate all the principles of constitutional law
as well as every sentiment of humanity and religion This
question can only be the legitimate subject of discussion
among the slavehohhng people themselves The General
Government has no power, by the Constitution, over the sub-
ject To receive these petitions would imply the power to
grant their pra« ers Congress has no such power. Hence
the absurdity of their reception
Not only did our father provide for our domestic tranquillity
— not only diJ they authorize the importation of slaves into
the 8tates—but, knowing as Ihey did, and believing as they
must have behe\ed, from the fac's and circumstances of the
limes in which they lived, that the happiness of our people,
their security, and the perpetuity of our Union, depended upon
the pretei vauon of the institutions of the South as they found
them when they formed the Constitution of the United States,
they, with that patriotism and wisdom which distinguished
them above all other men who lived before them or will live
after them,incorporated into that Constitution a clause declar-
ing that three fifths of this propel ty shall be reprtsented in the
Congress of the I mted Stales
What would the honorable gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Granger,] wuh all his knowledge of the Constitutien and
with his ability in argument in favor of the right of petition on
this question, think ot a petition sent here from citizens of the
South, praying that Cor gress would abolish the n*ht of re-
presentation in New York, the Empire State, and, if the gentle-
man please, in his own dis net? Yes, sir, what would he say
if the ladies of the South were to petition Coneress to infringe
the right of representation in New York, to diminish the num-
hei of their Representatives, and dlsfianchisehts constituents]
I cannot i iretell the kind or power of the resistance the d s-
tlng'iished gen'leman would offer to such a palpable abuse of
thenahtof petition, and suchaviolent infrac ion ofconstitu-
tiomllaw Yete ich is the course pursued towardsthe South,
and the arguments of the gentlemen on this floor justify it,
andamonzst these champions of ths right of petition in this
sense is to be lound the hoiorablc gentleman himself
As I sat out to defend the interest of my constituents on con-
stitutional principles, and as I t'ecKrel in the outset that I
would ri«k every thing with the Cons ltu'ion, let us re d it
again, and see lfitisnot truly the ark of our political salvation.
' Representatives and direct taxes shall be apportioned
among the <-everal S ates which may be mcludrd within this
Union, accoidins to their res|>ective muni er«. which shall be
determined by adding to the whole numberoffiee persons, in
eluding those bound to service for a term ol year , and ex
dutl'ng Indians not taxed, thiee fifths < "all other persons " *
Theaboltt onois'avery would therefore, reduce the number
of Repr-scntativcs from the boudi toa very great ex'ent, and
wo't'J beai'er.ialofthe right of representation, a positive in
fraction of th^naht of rep^eseniatioh authorized bv the Con-
stitution of t'10 United States, exactly in proportion to the num
ber ot slaves represented upon this floor
Geit'enen complain tha', by reason of this representation
oftUve , the Sou'hhasa preponderance in the political scale
U this .lie reason that they faror AbohtiOi t la this the r'ason
they vo-e to reuctve the^e petitions! If so, ihey srek to rob us
of o-rcoi-tituti'iial mea«urc*; and the only means left us to
escape thf co «eqitenres of such a meisurc would be topo
ovet toMr Vjn fiuren's principles, and advocate the right ol free
negro suffrage; a measure which I detest, and one which my
constituents will never submit to
1 ask again, is it right to receive petitions here which strike at
the very foundation of Fedsral representation^ which go to d-s
solve the body politic by an infringement of the high privilege-
expressly sei ured to the South in the Constitution
This principle of representation has been held sacred by the
people of this country from the adoption of the Constitution,
and by none more clierichedthanby the freemen ef Georgia.
The history of Georgia politics places this right of repre-
sentation in a strong point of view But reference to the
Journals of this House, theie may be found a bold and eloquent
aigument 111 the case of Jackson against Wayne, made by
James Jackson, of Georgia, a hero ot the Revolution, and the
father of the Iiepubhcan paity in Georgia, 111 favor of this
sacred constitutional right of representation.
I cannot recur to a name so illustrious, to aman who fought
so long and so valorous for lreedom, to a Whig of the Revolu-
tion, without remembering one of the most prominent Cause*
of that Revolution—a denial oy the mother country of the right
of representation, and shall we be Jess tenacious of the right
than oui fathers! Shall we surrender to a few fanatics, urged
forwarded by an unholy zeal, a principle which our fathers
lefusedto surrender so the arms ol Europe, and maintained at
the cannon's mouthl   Nevei,Ihope.   God forbid it.
The membei from Vermont [Mr Slams] made one admission
which is fatal to his Abolition doctrines—his right of petition.
He savs there are some things it would not be properto petition
foi. One ot his cases is, that it weuld be improper to petition
this body to hang an Abelmonist. 1 doubt not the gentlemen
had some f rebodings of what his fate might be if he were to
carry hw pnnciples into practical operation; in throwing thw
shield around himself, he has conceded the whole ground And
let me ask the gentleman if it would be less lawful or religious
to hang him up to one of these pillars until he was dead, dead,
than it would bo to arm an incendiary with a torch in one hand
and a danger in the o'her, to burn my house and murder my fa-
mily. Yet such is the cnminal denunciation of some of these
petitioners. Tney have had the madness to say that if they
cannot abolish slavery by law, they will do it with the sword,
or. what is woise, they send lncendiaiy pamphlets into our
country, to excite our slaves to deeds of insurrectionary war-
fare.
Mr Speaker, three years ago about tins time, I met the honor-
able gentleman (Mr Granger) on this flooi, and when I at-
tempted to teply te his defence of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, (Mr Adams,) I was gagged down with the previous
question. The gentleman, if I remember right, asked us to let
them fight our battles at the North
[Mr Granger denied he had ever claimed to fight the battles
of the South J
Mr Ali-ord said, I am glad of it I would not trust him or
any Northern man to fight our battles with the Abolitionists
alone Let those who would fi^ht for us there, fight with us
here But I fear they are all Whigs, all Democrats on this sub-
ject at home, all against slavery in the abstract The South has
been gulled long enough with this right of petition so sacred to
the honorable gentleman. Of one thing I am certain he said
then, as he says now, that the North has rights and dare main-
tain them 1 he acceptation of these petitions under that clause
of the Constitution already alluded to, which secures the rightof
petition for the redress of grievances, is not one of those rights
to which his declaration applied. He should maintain no such
a right What are we to understand by this threat, that the
North "has rights and dare maintain them!" We are to be
taught, I suppose, that under the authority to petition Congress
for a redress of their grievances, they will enforce upon us a re-
ception of Abolition petitions, and trample under their feet our
rights of property and representation both.
They charge us with having mixed the right of petition with
the question of Abolition, and say that they will dare maintain
that right, although they admit that they cannot abolish slavery
at all, so long as the Constitution is in force. If they have no
right to abolish slavery at all, what right have they to trouble
Congress with these petitions'! The argument is absurd on the
face of it What means this declaration, this threat, that they
dare to do sur li deeds' Does the gentleman intend to carry this
measure by force of arms! Are we to be swept away by the
power of the North as the besom of destruction! Is the South
to fall by force, without resistance?
I cannot contemplate the possibility of Congress entertaining
these doctrines without feelings of horror If ever this power
is once earned out effectually, it will raiBe a fire of discord, it
will li°ht the torch of civilwjr, and the consuming element will
sweep over this nation as the tempest sweeps over the oceau,
as the ocean sweeps over the earth when driven by the fury of
the warring elements Before the howling of the tempest shall
hush, and the fire of war blast out, the last son of the South «hall
perish a maityr to oui constitutional rights.
Mr Speaker, I have now in my eye ti e honorable gentleman
from New YorK who did say three years ago (when, Democrat
a¿ he is, he etood by his colleague, Whig aa he is, m defence of
Mr Adams) lhat the South should let the battle be fought at the
North.
[Mr. VAhDERPOEL inquired if Mr. Alford alluded to him ]
Mi a lford said  I allude to the leader of the Administration
forces in this House, to htm who leads with a whip, te the gen-
tleman who represents Kmderhook—it is unparliamentary to
call members by nan e—I allude to him who, when New Jersey
was6tncken from ths roll of cfates, stood up< n this floor and
thanked God that the voice of Democracy was triumphant m
this House, that the voice of the Democratic party in New Jer-
ety had been heard 111 this Hall   es, Mr Speaker, the voice
oí Democracy has been heard, and the gentleman rejoices at the
fact, and speaks of regenerated States. That voice of Demo-
cracy which hails from New Jersey is not the voice of her peo-
pie, hut it is the voice of aliens carted about by Van Boren men
to raise the hue and cry of modern Demociacy, of O Connell
Democracy Yes, sir, to raise a tumultuous shout of alien,
O'Connelt, Democratic triumph over the native citizens and
legal votéis of a gallant State, speaking as they did in favor of
the Opposition cause by their own peoi Te through the medium
of a constitutional Government But, sir, the voice of the sons
of New Jersey cannot prevail, right yields to for  and he
voice of law is drowned by a wild and disorferly shout of the
mob, which is called here the voice of £««««* -•- ™"
that'comes from the land ol O'Connell, that breaks upon the
shores ot New Jer-ey, that rings through the spellbound re
c"m ol the ''enchanted mountains, ' that wakes up the drowsy
nihab.unts of ' Sleepy Hollow   and they too hall the mumph
of ihis cause ot regenerating «"uocraey, «nd' J°'n.^' '£  ' ?nf
tint Democracy, echoed here by the "leader  of "the party   in
th[MrBVAM>«FPPBi. asked Mr Alfobd to yield for an expía-
nation ]
