822
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cong*—1st Smb.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Southard.
April, 1840.
Senate 
Mr Aufjro said, alte  1 am iUmío I lound it loo hard to gci
the floor to eive it tip Iciniv Ut go my gup until 1 hive >aid
what I have tosa) I «an tell the ceatltman that, miles  lam
mis aken in the «iei* «f the times, this modern Uemociacv will
Boon come to an end Ihw San Huren Calhoun Beuumi-in
Bwhanan Denwcracv will blow up «t the end ol Mr V in Bu
mi's eight years, it he i- re elected, I ' guess •'
TheSpBvKBninteriKwsd, anj Mr -Vivo d said, sit -till, Mr
Speaker, I will so back to ¿renin nl
I hold in my hand the mw eloquent  nd conclusive ni u
mentía lavor ol 'lieconstitntionHl rights ot the f-omh on this
quesuoi of slaverv an I nsumst the course pursued by these
fanatics, I have seen or re* I mil whit is aslonislnii - to all
lowers ol truih and jua,iee. it is the verv speech of Willnvi
Henry Haruson, from which surbled extians have been made
loprovelum an MwH'iomsi and tor which helms bttuttuoimxl
<o encounter the united opposition ol the whole "south, anil
«bis same speech is now publish d in die Emancipitor, u ulri
« long editorial dcnunclatio tol General llamrón a--an aim
Aboluiom*t, anddccUrine that no Abolitionist can support Inni
tor the Presideiu y> becnuse he goes with ihe South Vint I
am happy, sir, that whilst 1 use hi* speech to pro* e tin- nutrí
oi my position, lam outdoing an <u tot lusiice to a st-itcsma i
• and apatiiot,a fuendof tin- Soii'h, who has been misrepre
eented an 1 bciied Let no gentlemen suppose thai I am
about to become the nil troca i ot General Harrison fu th-
Presidency Georgia stands on neuiiai ground. We have i
manot ourowii—ili  immortal Troup—mho i better qualmetl
to adinimetei the Government, in m« opinion, thin Martuun
and Van Moren both put toseihcr I gt lor Troup, Mr, but
li ever he 13 oat of the question I have i mrlu to enjoy my
own opinion as hetween the other ii> iml 1 am willing to
judge them by their own act*, a id choose bi tween them upon
their principles in regard to tin*, ven qutoion
I will now sive Hen   Uuri on s \ ew  is antloriiyoii this
question    Heir them
"Extract from ttmarks (•< t> «' it' Milium //< itrt/ Hill
iison,at Ihe pul>" tUnn? «icn >n i by the -it' ns ot
Vtncetines, liuhunu.on th Si'i V«  1-j5
■-1 have now, lei low <i izen-. a lnv word* morí toeivtovon
on another «ub| c. in 1 vv! i n i , j nn opi non it i i in un
portance ih n inv other Uu is now in the tour-*. «I tWiiosioii
many pan ol t'ie I mini 1 aliti le to tin societies which have
bcentoimed, anl th  nnveni itsot «ci'iiii índiTiilmlsin soi if
ot the State* in relation to a | >ru n 1 ihe populu un mother*
The conduct ot l'iest I ergons i ¡he more t'lneerMis b cius
Pic object i* masked in dn iIk glib "I di'inu rested e°~ i id i e
ncvoleace, and ihe course Midi uclbv irraiiientft and pio
posiuoit, wlich mthe ibsiract > mp ci «' ny But however
laecmatin; may be the dres, with whr'i their schemes are
presented to their te'lovv ci uu n- with whatever purity of
intention thev may hav beenfoimed in«I sustame 1, thev wi'l
beitound to carry in iheir tram mischn.f to the whole Union,
ana horrors toalarae portionol it. which itu piohable some
ot the pfojeciors and many ol their supporters have never
thought of, the latter, the first in the series of evil , which are
to spnne from this source, are such a.s von have read of toliave
been perpetrated on the fair plains ol Italy" and Gaul by ihe
Scythian hordes of Attila and Alanc,ajid such as most of you ap
prehended on tliat memorable niEht, when the tomahawks and
war clubs ofthefolloweis of Tecumsehv,ereraitling in your«u-
burbs I regard not the disavowal  of any such intention upon I he
part of the authors of these scheme?, since, upon the examina
uon of the publications which have been made, thev will be
found tocontain every fact and every araumeiit which woull
have been used it such had been their objects. I am certain
that there is not in this assembly one of these doluded men, and
thatthw— t—t atwliw,,tlifthv^d8¿fthegtate. If there are
any, I would earnestly entreat them to loruwif, w pimmi m ihm.
rareer, and deliberately con'sider the consequences of ffceir cos
duct to the whole Lnion, to the States more immediately in e
rested, and to those lor whose benefit they profess to act, That
the latter will be the victimsol the weak, imu.licioiH, presump-
tuous, and unconstitutioual cll^ris to secure them, a thorough
examination of the subject mud convince them The strug
i le (and struggle there must be) may commence Willi horrors
xuen as I have described, but it will end with more firirly n
veung the chains, or in the utter ex'irpauon ol those whosp
cause thev advocate Am I wrofcg lellow citii-fn., n apply i g
ihe terms weak, presumptuous, and unconsttui lonal, to ihe
measures ot tlie t mancipator^ A slight examination will, I
think, show that 1 am not. In a vindication of the objects of a
convention which was lately held in one of the towns ol Ohio,
which I saw in a newspaper, it was said lhat nothing more was
intended than taproiuce a stale of piib'ic feeling which «ould
lead to an amendm-nt of the Constitution, authorizing the abolí
tion ol slavery in the United States Inow, can an s-mendment
«f the Constitution be etfeoted withou' the consent of the South
ern States? What then is the proportion to be submitted t)
them? It is tliia. The present provisions oi the Constitution
secure to you the right (a right which yoa hold betore it was
made, and which you have never given u| <) to manage your do-
mestic concerns in your own way, but, as we are convinced
that yon do not manage them properly, we want you to put it
in the hands of the Geneial Government, in the councils ol
which we have the majority, the control ovei these matters, the
effect of which will be vittually to tranfer the power from yours
into other hand3 Again, ins ime of the States, and m sections
of others, the black population far exceeds lhat of the white
Some of the emancipitors propose an immediate abolition
What is the proposition then as it regards those Stales and
parts of States, but the alternative ot amalgamation with the
blacks, or an exchange of situation with them? Is there any
man of common sense who doe  not behsve that the emancipa-
ted blacks, being a majority, will not insist upon a full partici-
pation of the political rights with the whites, and, when po<j
sessed of these, that they will not contend ,or a full share of the
social rights also? What bJt the extremity of weakness and
folly could induce any one to think that such propositions as
these could be listened to by a people  o intelligent as those o(
the Southern States? Further, the emancipators generally de-
clare that it is their intention to eflbct their object (although
i heir acts contradict the asser ion) by no other means than by
convincing the slave holders that the immediate emancipation
ol the slaves is called for both by moral obligation and sound po-
licy An unfledged youth at the moment ol his leaving On
deed, in many instances before he has left) his Theological Se
imnaiy, undertakes to give lectures upon morals to the coun-
trymen of Wythe, Tucker, Pendleton, and Lowndes, and lessons
f f political wisdom to Slate* whogf alTairs have so recently
hsftidire ted by Jefiereon ami MwlKin, Macon and t raw lord
Is i* possible that ins'ancesol greatei van .y aid prcsumt lion
cou d be exhibitidi
' Hut the entuse pin sued by the ennncipitois is m coiitlitu
tionil    Idonotsay tint thtio ait any wouU  in iht. ( i> i^li ti
uon whn-h lorbidmch disrussuns a~ hty ~iy tlit> ¿u UJ='g< J
m    I know that thue are not     \wl there h cvtn an at ñ le
whuh fcefuies tothe citlzensthe ngM to tiprc s  m '  pujliah
the r opinions without rcbtiu-tn i     Hut in t'e coiutn aion ol
lite Co stmitiou it is i wiys necessai"   to ic er (o the eiieuni
ata i cs «nihr which it «as formed and 11 a   ti am ' > mean
102 by a companion ol it  provision-\\i hiaili o bei, an J «ilh
I'lepieviou  si'uj.tio.i ol the Bcvtial S ate- svho vvue pailita to
it     I) i poi'ion i f these slavery  «   \> eo"iiibtd, aiid tln-j (ouk
u.re to hive the risht secured to tltm o íoilo\\ and i^ciaim
bueh ol iliemas weie fugitives to olh>>i ^td'es.   j li   lawd ui
toniixss passelunder thlbjioviei hile piovided ten 'uneiit
11 any wliosiiai] oppose urinterrupt tlieiAe,list, ol t'li^ us,ht.
Now, can any one believe that the insti >imin whu'i i nitauic a
provi'ion nl tins kind, which auihoiiz   a Mas (.. to | t isue Ins
slave nit) aMO'her eta'e, take him bilk,and | lumisis a j>unuh
uient*br luv citizen ot citizens ol tint - t      '¡j 'iUUjnjp0Sl,
linn shoul I at the same time authirizi    'it Httei t< a^ unb'e
logwhf r, to |> iss reáolutioiio <in4 adoj    iddnssis, ni t oi ly to ci
«.outagethe slaves'o leavelheir mas'us.but loiu   hen tinoas
before they do sol    I insist thit   li tin, utizii     ol ill   i hi
slavelioldimj stales can aiai! thenidchcs oi the article ol the
t-oiisutution which prohibits Ihe icstuctioii olepeeehi.!   he
puss opublit.li any ihiug injurious to tin rights ol   lie t-lax.
holding States, tliey cttngotolheexlrerpc'liatlhtvf iiieutioiied,
ande/ltc any thlig further whieli writing or ^piaU, g cuuld
illeil    But. lellow citizens, these ale not the pi ,in,'isol the
Constituí ion     Such a Constitution would i eleat ut   ifi'ie
ereatobject? ti¡ Us lorma'ion, whieh wis  hat of securing   hs
i leace and harmony of i lie Slates  h Mi wm ¡iiri's >. it  "¡he
libertv ol s|,e ch ami ol ibe picas weie anen a-i tlitiiustit
h ctinl means to preserve to earh ind rinv «iuzeii then oun
iialiis, and in the S ate the rights whii'i appeiti ned tj tK i
at Die time nl uiadop'Km
' Ji Co lid n ver h iv e been eijiecic 1 that it woul I be n- ! by
li riuiiiMis ot on poi'nuol Ihe Jiotes tu ilir ¡ni| i «i h
pi li mg thow ot inother poittou oi Ihe ri«h v.li ' tl (j h i I
nseivml at the adoption ol th. ConstlIiiUoi i dmilieix rn e
il v> ii i iioik but themselves have tny en i nnoi i ittr ' II
^'aveij Is; an cvp (an I no one moie readily i^miv  1 « it
than 1 «lo)t|ie <>mI i with them, I1 th i i :r'ii!ti 'hi
£rul lis ihens. n uonro. since neth"i he .slats v (ieiou uoc
not exi^t no, ihe (.overmnent ol ih*1 I u te i ■* ate-, can, wi h in
usinpiri m of p iwei and the violation ol a «olenin roin¡ v <!j
in) ihm. to remove it, without the coni-eut oi ihosJ win Tie
immediately mteiested \\ ith that consent th tt is i o( \ mMi
in the whole woihlwho woul I more willinilvi >, tribute li aid
to accomplish il than I would II my vole rou' i erVct it c i < rv
eurpliisdollar in the Treasury shou'd be arpiopriatul to thtt
object Bin they will neither ask foraidnorcon mi to be ai'
ed to lonp a3the illegal, persecuting, anddangenus m-iveniei It,
are in piogress of which 1 complain, the miercet ot all con
cerned requires that thes' should lie immediately «'opped Th s
can only Ire done by Ihe lorce of public opinion, jn I that cinno*
too soot bo brought inu  o|Teration. Every m lVement wlin li is
made by the Abolitionists in the non siaveholding S'ttcs i« vu w
edby our Southern biethern as an attack upon their lisrh's ind
winch, if persisted in. must in the end eradicate those fciii .; 
of attachment and allection lietwecn the citizens of all the
Staler which was produced by a community of interests ani
dangers in the war of the Revolutio >, which was the lour d n ion
o) our happv Union, an 1 by a continuance of which it can a'one
be preserve I I entreat you then, fellow citizens, to (r iw n t pon
the measures which are to produce results so much to be del ie
'-eme* . —   , _ „ „
Without entering mtoa full detail of the merits cf the cenile
man at the head ot this Gnvernmert, 1 turn to the sun oners
of (he Administration and ask them, li they p!< is -, to t-liotv me
wherein the piesentChiel Magistrate of ibis Union ever heltl
surh language as this? Ujs he ever declared that the abolition
of slavery would be unconstitutional? On the contraiy, lus he
not declared and «limited that, with Ihe lights before  htm, lie
could not say but that it might be abolished? Has h  ever said
that the 'eflorls" of these felitionens were ' weak, mpid i mis,
pre nmptuoi'* and unconstitutional? Has he ever "entreated
them lo pause in iheir caieer?" No man can answet in ihe
affirmative to these questions lor Martin Van Burui, with tiuth
and sincerity What has he said—what has he doi c? " I et us
render un£oCa?sai the things which areCa>aars " Tn tint great
and truly alarming agitation of the question ot s'averv t° re
sards the fetate of Missouri, Mr Van Muren proved,by In vote,
lhat he was opposed to slavery, and not only thai he was op
posed,buttbathe would refuse to admit a State into the Union
rather tlian her people she uld judge and act fur themselves m
the quesnon ol slavery He voted in the 1 egislaluie oí New
\ oik to instruct an ultra Tederalist (Rufus Kins) to refuse the
admiSf ion of Missouri into tins Union if her Constitution reeog-
mse 1 slavery 1 do not give the wordsof the lesolufon, b it the
substance
Where wa  ol 1 Tippecanoe at lhat vastly important crisis in
euratlain-? Mde by side in this House with those lhat led the
van in favoroi slaveiy—sideby side with the Kepubi cans of
ihe South, lie made a full and glorious sacrifice ol himself for
the people ol Missouri He voted to sustain her constitutional
right of slavery, and was beaten out of Congre&¡ for the pan he
took in behalf oi Southern interests and Southern institutions
Is the gentleman Irom Missouri in the House? Oh, Missouri'
(Oh, Misery ')   What has Mr. Van Burén dono for y on)
If Mr Van Burén had done as much for us a3G«neri! Har-
nson, I would not hesitate to marshal myself in his raiksat
once, as he now pretends to be so much ol a Slateiightsn.au,
but sail lleai hismeasuns His message recommends strict
economy, (good,) but he intimates very plainly that, after all
the economy he recommends has been used by u«, there will
still be a deficit of revenue, and leaves us to itifei,as I under
etand hnn, that more will be wanting How w are to raise it
under the plans in his message, without an irerease of lanlF
duties, it. not for mo to say. The South may look out I pass
over many of his act , and comedown to his last public act, by
which he proves himself to be now what he was in early life—
the constant, uncompromising enemy of Southern institutions
I mean hi  vote in regard to slavery in Florida On every oc
casion where he has voted on the question of slavery, he has
voted against it,
Extract from the Senate Jmtrnn/
' The "senate Iesumed, a  in Committee of (he Whole  (he
consideraron of the bill for the fs iblishme   of a terrltoral go
veriunei 111 Horida; and, the b II havina been amended, it was
lepoited tothe House accoiJingly, and,
' On the question to coucui m the aPiendinent to the II th sec
lion, to s'i i' t out, attci the woul 'irtedom,' m the Ihh lme
th. run I, tin iisidue ol taid section, as lollovv
¡Suuave oi slaves ^hall, illicitly or indirectly, be miro
dijeiJ into lie aid Teinteiv ivcplbv aciM/in ol the I mtrd
fttatestenov ig into the  ad fen tuj lui actual bttiltmeiit,
and liny, at the tune ofsuch removal, bonahJe ownerof such
slaveui I ivcs, oi anv cniz not the I nued stale  tiaveiln g into
the ..aid ItnitJty with any üirvan' u sirvauts, nut exctedirg
lw , dudivuv -skvi linioitedir broueht I it) tie said Terrt
iiloi v. conti ciyto the piuvi ion ol tnis tt,bhall, then upon be
entill d to and rcce.ve la orherfiecdom '
1 It vva-determii.ed in iheafhrui i iv-—yeas 23,i avs 90
1 On uiu loi by Mi Mills, the yeao and na\s being desired v
one h  hul 'leSena'uis ptc^ellt)
'Ti je «Ah i\o ed in the dtfirnianve are—
"Mesii fcanuiir Benton Blown oi Lou siana, D'Wolf,
Eaton, Lluut, Gaillard, Holnite of M 1sti¡: !| pi, John
son ol Kentucky, Johnson of L mibuna, King of Alabama,
I loytt, M in i, Nub'e, P eai-ai  s, Smi ') sou hard, St< ke«, Van
Uyke, Wallai, Waie, Williaas of MieSi uppl, ^ll'ams of
r* uuesi.ee
'Tho^e who vo'edm the ne ati.saie—
\Ie>frs llaiton Boauhnan Brcwn of Ohio, Chandler Dick-
cison, I indlay, Holmes of Mame Kins ot New Voik   Knmht,
lamia  Lt wric, Mill , Motnl!   Otis, Palmer, Paire t, Rug
gies, Seymour, Thomas A embuten '
liietiiemiesof Mr Van Bj'pm hav e denied him one quality
whi^h he posscbst' in an eminent ic-iee—ihat i f courage In
"triacli.iu in the (jjtsttps of his íUustrioi s predeccstoi," he
has exhibited no ^¡"n* of faltering A soviregn State has gone
by the boats', and he shows no bltns of alaim Gen Jaikson
in his' lime revé dar  I to do a deed -ai bold Hundreds and
lhuu5diids oi A'nencan ci izm  have Le< n disfranchised by an
Tx eu ivcediit, i£ ueil i o doubt, in becret, to be carried mío
ctl it ' y i'ie ''Ink ol this House an I the p my here, b* which
i ■* ite lo e five ontof f-ix nl lui It fu eututives, for tht sole
pin|ai tol Living the Piesidtnt oi d Ins party the power to
nile ini>- House, ind, through the action il tbu House, to sc
rue Ins ie election h not thisa in «iblri us usurpation' Has
1 i-i.uiy any paillleii Tvra its have di solved Icgislame bo
die byfoneol irins, but heieihcPresident wills it. and it is
doi e i mostwi I outitbtriiss'e
Sí -peaki i 1 imesai' it. andl irp at it here, elected a* I
vva- bj the "state Ri=li ~ party ol O.or.ia to a seat m this
Hoti-e, on the pimciplc that I stood in opposition toih's Ad
iiuiictiation—elected by a parly o( posed to Mr Van Duren—
ul ,t >°cd to me isures enumeiated ' y me in this etloit in behalf
of my const units as oi longing to him -I cannot coi bent to bo
c tin id anions those who follow his Admintstiation, and! seek
tin- iitlvoppottunity to ' define my position," lhat 1 may not
be buspicu 1 Ly any man liv ng
Aman like me, Mi Speaker, who has ever been accustomed
to io un aliaige in tne beautiful foies's of his own, bu native
land, uncontrolled even by paiental authority, cannot submit to
be haiiies^ed with the shackles of party,ano o llared wilh Van
Buionisin \To, so, no,«ir I willgo against this Adminis-
tra ion as long as ligues wrong, and when Hgocsnghtl will go
horn
[-a ne member re| lied, you will remain here along lime, uiy
dtai  fu 1
It I were compelled io take =ndes m the contest between Wil
ham Htnry Hairi-on and Martin Van Baren, 1 would not hesi
ta't to siippoitlhe man who declared ml833, that the condurt
ot the Ab iliiioiiis b wa  ' weak, injudicious, presumptuous, and
unconstitutional ' and thf too, in a non slavehoWmg State, and
l> anon "-liveholding people The man who «lood by Missouri
—the General who proti cted the gieat valley ot the Mississippi
by his deeds of valoi, and secured to its inhabitant*  peace and
ptnieiiiou in place of danger and alaim—such a man is Gene
Ml Hiriim i And, il 1 were io conceal iny preference lor him
over Mt \an Buirn, 1 thouhl act uneaiuVly to my fuend ,
and iIhIioi esily w, h nivself He piorounced iheeftoitbof tl e
Ain't ion! I- m co stitutionil I am proud to rail his opinion
toaiti rpy i wn HeneelbTy, refuse to receive these dboiijiija
ble petitions, and d sregaid these fanatics
^
PEECIÍ OF MR. SOUTHARD,
OP NEW JERSEY
In, StnateMpnl 3,1840 —On the bi'l making appropnatwu 
i     f# i he continuation of the Cumberland road
Mi\sc
btancel
Mr ^'i#sii,ent Tn s bid when presented by the ccmmit-
te-, apWf'l mttd SI50,(T"Ü fot the continuation'and improve
mentofWle C iiinbei land toad within the S ates of Ohio, Indi
ana,and Illinol1—lying 150000 to he expended withmthc pre-
sent year in each of those tlnee Siaies lTRon the mouon of the
Senatoi from -outh • arolma [Mr Presiov ] by a very large
vote, it has been reduce 1 to Ís7'),000 for each State—making, m
the whole, §&;ó0 0 Foi this amendment I gave my vote
The Sentte has also dec ared its opinion by a very decisive ma-
jority, against (he substitute profiosed by the Senator from A'a
bama, [Mr ( lav ] His eub-titute offei ed torelirquish to those
States, ior the construction ol this road, the two per cent fund,
as it is Usual y called—which is two per cent upon the amount
which may hereafter b« received fiom the «ales of the pub'ic
lands which lie wi bin their limits and in the State of Missouri,
provided they wou'd, by acis of the State Legislatures, thus ac
< ept it, as a bar to any lurthct appropriation by the Government
for this load Ihe amount of this two per cent, fuud it is im-
possible to estimate with any thing like strict accuracy le
ought, from the lands yet unsold, to amount to one or two bun
dred thou and over a million ol dollar" But no safe calcula
lion can be made of the fine within which these lands will be
sold, nor   hen those Stab s would receive the money Tor pre
sent ii e, and for the continuance and prompt comp'etion of the
road, the glint would be uueily without value
The objections to this] r pi «Mion arise nitot the nal lire of the
fund to be grained, ami from ilia future re allou ol the Govern
ment to the Hiul, and teemtd to me so obvious that I had no
dilhculty in pivmg mv negarvetoit. It purported to beaennt,
and to btv ow a benefit when no positive i khI could result n>
the grantee- It assumed iff appeau ce 11 kindnet-, while ih
fact, it w,.? ipeio innckeiv m their hnp«s But it had a! "  
much wor¡¡e aspect. I aev. < i lorevcr, 'heconnerb .nhfltweeii
the Got i mmeqt j| the I'm n ind this pient, m% in my cMim 
