Mar. 1840.
86th Cono....1st Sbss.
_^!?N5íXjmTHECONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Treasury Notes—Mr. Habersham.
825
d rTru'ties and delays in the forms and modes of transfer, will
eomnbu't but m a very limited de ret. to so desinble an ob
tsvt, and w >uld be habla to the same fluctuations in value The
Treasury notes, m such case-, would n f-iet be only a now form
of stock on which to obtain a loan more conven-ent to the
«>ekh >!dei, bteiuse translerahle with moie liei uv, and yet
with a nejjviition sufficiently restrained ti prevent them from
circulating ? papermoney ir bills ot cielit in the sense at-
tached to those words as used m the Consul utmn. It, then,
those who represent the Government are te >lly sn.cere in this
matter and do not intend these note  to ciriuldie asoapermo
B^, why not adopt the amendment I have proposed? If they
da no: mtcid them to enter into the circulation as money, why
not impede the circuhnm to the extent proposed by me? It
they do not mte.id to emit them as bills of credit, and to use and
circulate them a« piper money, why not say so at once, openly
and above b van!, and that this vio'ation oi the Constitution is
vjsufied bv the necessity of t*)e c isr; thai mon^j cannot Le
raised coiMi'utiOinlly by borrowing it on the credit ol the Go-
vernment, and that, there,ore, they must make money to meet
the exigent, though without the constitution d power lodoso?
Now, why not come out bolj'y, and say so, and prove to us
that the m'-n-y cannot Le got in the coustitu lonal mode, by
borrowing i, time to meet the exigencies of the case? I gay,
whv not do th-s? The answer is obvious because they know
thai in the ui >,W I propose, the money can be borrowed imme
¿lately, or, even if it cou'd not, the Treasuiy notes, in the foim
1 propose, would answer for the immediate exigency The
truth la, they are unw lling t* call things by their light names;
unwilling to call it a loan, because the idea of a loan, a debt,
would not be palatable to the people. But call it by what name
they will, give it what shape they may, it is still a loan, ltisslill
a na loual debt of five millions, and the promises of the Go-
vem.nent are out to pay that amount at some futui e day. The
necessity does not exist It H did, this would be a law, neces
eary and proper to carry into effect a gianted power, and its
couslitutionaluy would be put on that ground. The necess ty
does not exist, so far as even to justify the exercise of a do ibt-
ful power; and its constitutionality would be put on that grourd.
The necessity does not exist, so far as even to justify the exer-
cfee of «doubtful power The n oney can be borrowed, and
borrowed atoned. When thai necessity does exist; when, as
n case of war, and afier the power to b irrow is exhausted, be-
cause lucre are none able or willing to lend, when it becomes
neceesiry for the saleiy of the ceuntry to exercise a doubtful
power, or even to violate the Constitution by issuing Treasury
ro es, payable to bearer, to circulate as money, I will then bí
willing, and not till then, locnut bills of credit, or con'inenial
money, cr any thins « >*> which will serve the purposes ol Go-
vernment; and will justify my vote on the necessity of the case,
*iiJ on the principle of self deft nee, which, with nations, as
with individuals, overleaps all laws and all constitutions But
I do not believe that such extreme necessity does now exist, a id
therefur , in (be present shape of the bill, and without the
amendment I p ropos \ I cannot vote for it
I bare said that tus difference between my colleague, (Mr.
NIsbst,) the chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
(Mr Jones.) and myself, is this: they say that the notes pro-
djsed by this bill are not "bills of credit," as that term is used
!•> the Constituuon. I say that they are. We all agree that
Cmgreas has no power to emu bills of credit. It has already
been maJe to appear by my honorable friend and colleague, (Mi
King ) in his able argument on this question, by the testimony
of Mr. Mad son, that the Convention, by a vote of nine States to
two, refused to grant this power; and the eloquent gentleman
f oat Pennsylvania (Mr Biddlb) has rested his argument on
even a broader basis, ,or he show  that the words which were
■anexen out by the Convention were, "That Corigiee shall have
pjwer to emit bills on the credit of the United States " He is
no doubt correct, but I deem it to be unnecessaiy lor the pur-
poses o( the argument to use other words than those which have
been used by my colleagues. I am content to take the words to
be as they are in that sec ion of the Constitution which piohi-
bi J the Sta es to emit bills ol credit. I am content to lay aside
a' ogjthar the authority of the Mad'son Papers, to lay aside al
together the fact that this power was rerused to the roderal Go-
veram nt by the Conve íuon I am willing to rest the question
on the Coi sa ution as we have received it, tj rest it simply on
tb.einqu.iry, In what part ot the Cors'ituti n do y >u find the
power granted to ' emit bills of codif1 ' No where. In this,
all, I believe, a~ree Tne naked question then presents rself,
Is the issue ol Treasuiy u -tes, in the form aid manner desig-
nated by the act of 1637  "to emu bi'ls of ere 'it?" If so, th.s
aclis uncons'itutiona*, it not, then it is corstitutional
What was meant by the words "to emit bills ot credit," as
used in the Constitution? In reply to this inquiry, I cannot bet
ter beam my answer than by adop in? the language of Mr Jus
tice Johnson, in the case commonly known is ihe Missouri case
decided by the Supreme Court of the Vinued Stales in the year
ISM an J rep >rled in 4 h Peters
"I is only by resorting to the nomenda ure of the day of the
Consutis'ion that we can hope to get at the idei which the framers
of the Constuu ion attached to the words 'emit bills of credit'
The whole hisiory andle islation of the lime prove that, -by bills
of crelit," the framers of the Constitution meant paper money,
with reference to that species of paper money which had been
used ii theSiatesfrom the commencement of the century down
to the time when it ceased to pass, before reduced to its innate
worhlessness "
To what siurce of more purity or accuracy can we íesort for
the ascertainment ol this history than 'o the dee.eion of the Su-
p-erne Court, m the same case, pronounced by Chief Justice
.Marthaii?
"We learn (he says) from Hutchinson's History of Massachu-
setts that bills of credit were issued, for the first time, in that co
khjy.in 1C90 An army, returning unexpectedly from an expedi-
tion against Canada, found the Government totally unprepared to
ineeUaeir claims Biibof credit were resorted to for relief I rom
this embarrassment They do not appear to have been made a
¿Oder, bu> they were n it, on that account, ¡ess bills of credit "
' Piper raor.ey wasalsc issued .n o her colonies, both in the North
 ad South, and, whether mad; a tender or rot, was productive of
en Ism propon i) totheq larnuy emitted. In the war which com-
menced in America tu 1755, Virginia tssiipd paper money at se-
vsral sjcc s,ive sessions, under the appellation of Treasury
note3 Thw was mide a tender Emissions were afeiwarls
made in 17t-9, in 1771, and 1773 These were rut made a ten
der, but they circulated together—weie equally bills of ^<-<ia—
and were productive of the same effects. In 1775 a considerable
«mission was made for the purposes of war. The bil.s were de-
clare to b« current, but were not made a tender.   In u/o an
H. of Rops.
additional emission was made, and the bills were declared to be a
tender The bills of 1775 and 1776 circulated together-wero
equally bills of uedit, and were productive ot the same conse
quences Congiess issued bills of credit to a large amount, and
did not, perhaps could not, make them a leeal tender This pow-
er resided in the S ate<< In May, 1777, Virginia passed an act
rraking the billa of credit issue 1 bv Congress a leeal tender so
far as to extinguish interest. In 1781 Virginia made all the lulls
of ciedit which had been issued by Congress, and all which had
been issued by herself, a hya! tender in payment nf debts Yet
they were, meveiy ¡-eiise of the word, bills of ctedit previous io
that time, and were productlv e of all the consequences of paper
money "
Suchisthe concise history of bills of credit in th s country
prior to the adop ion el the Constituuon These bills of credit,
when issued by Congress, are better known bj the name of Con-
tinental money.
Let us hear again what the Chief Justice says in the same case
on the same subject
1 Dunn? the war of our Revolution we were driven to
the expedient of emitting bi'ls of credit, and necessity com
pelled us to use them to a considerable extent    The term
has acquired an appropriate meaning,   an 1  bills  of credit
signiiy a paper medium intended to circuia'e between nidi
viduals, and between Goveirment and individúale,  foi  the
ord nary purposes   of society     Such  a medium   has  been
always liable ta considerable fluctuations    Its value is con
tmual y changing,  and these changes, o'ten great and sud-
den, expose individuals to immense losses, are the souices of
miiiousspeculation1', and destroy all confidente between man
and man     To cut up ihe mischief by the roots—a mischief
which was felt through the United States, and winch deeply af   j
fee'ed the interest ana prosperity of all, the people rieclaied in
the Constitution that ro State should emit feills of credit    If
the prohibition means any thing—if ihe words are not empty
sounds—it mu«t comprehend the emission of any paper  me-   j
dmm by a State Government fortl.epuri ose of common circu-   '
lation"                                                          •                          i
The people had experienced, sadly experienced, the mon-   ,
strous evils of such emissions    Thousands of in I uiduals had   i
been ruined, and all had suffered, more or less, by the rapid
depreciat on and ultimate worthlessness of such a medium.   I
The paper, whether issued by Congress or by the States, had   '
alike become utterly valueless    It was to prevent these evils
in future that, by the Constitution, the States were prohibited
from emitting bills of credit.   It was unnecessary to exlend the   i
prohibition to Congi ess, for Congress could not possess the
power unless by express grant.   Now, if the Convention re-
fused to Cougrfssthe powerto 'emit bills of credit," or bills on
the credit of the Vnited States, I would say. in the language of
the Chief Justice,' If it means any thing, it must comprehend
the denial of the power to Congress to em't any paper medium
like that of the Continental money, for the purpose of common
circulation "
Again, in the same case, Judge Marshall asks
'•What is the character of the ce<tifirates issued by the au-
thority of the act of Missouri under consideration? What office
are they to perform? Certificates, signed by the auditor and
treasurei of the S'ate, are to be issued by those officers in
amounts not exceeding ten dollars, nor les3 than fifty cents
The paper purports on its face to be receivable at the Treasu-
ry, or at any loan office in the State of M ssoun,in discharge of
taxes or deb's due to the State It also pledges the faith and
funds of the Sta'e for their redemption."
Asrain he says
' Had they been termed 'bills of credit,' instead of cert'fi
cates, nothmg would have been wanting to bring them within
the terms ol the Constitution And can th s make any real
difference? Is the proposition to be maintained, that tne Con-
s'ltution meant to prohibit names and not thines? That a very
important act, big with grea' ind ruinous misLlnef, winch is
expressly foi bidden by words most appropnate fir its desriip-
tion, may be performed by the substitution of a name? That
the Constitution, in one of Us most important provisions, may
b" ope.ily evaded by giving a new name to an old thii'g? We
cannot ttmk so We think the certificates issued under ihe
au hortty of th's act aie as entirely bil s of eieditas if they
hid been so denominated in the act itself "
Such are the views of the Supreme Court as delivered and
sanct oncd by Chief Juslice Marsh ill Befire 1 proceed to
comment upon them, and to apt ¡y them to the bill before the
committee for the emission of Treasury notes I will trouble
the committee vviih a reference to the opinion of tbe Supreme
Court in ti e casa co nmordv known a« the Kentucky ca^e, de-
cided as late as tic year lc37, and to be found in 11th Peters.
In that case, the opinion of the Court was delivered by Mr.
Jusfce McLean, and I now quote from that opinion
'It would bedifitultto classify the bi'Is of credit which were
issued in the early history of this country In some cases they
were payable with interest, mothers without interest Funis
arising fiom certain sources of taxation were pledged for their
redemp.ion in ej.ne instances, in others they were is ued with-
out sueh pledge. They were sometimes made a lesal tender, at
others not. In Eome instances a refusal to lereive ihem ore
rated as a discharge of debt, in others a pos pmementof i*.
They were sometimes payable on demand, at other times at
some future period. At all times they weie receivable in pay
ment of taxes, and of debts due to the public, except perhaps,
in some instances, wheie they had become so depreciated as to
be of little or no value."
After commenting on the definition of the Supreme Court
in the Missouri case, to which I have already referred, the court
says
"The definition which does mcluoeall classes of bills of ere
dit, emitted by the Colonies or States, is a paper issued by t lie
sovereign power, containinmg a pledge of its faith, and design-
ed to circulate as money. To constitute a bill of credi' within
the Constitution, it must be issued by a Slate, on the foi h of
the S ate, and be designed to circulate as money It must be a
paper which circulates on the credit of the Snte, and is s > jre
ceived and used iu tbe ordinary business of life "
The direct question before the Supreme Court in th s case
was, whether the notesof the Bank of Kentuekv were In1'  of
credu within the meaning of the words ' bills of credit m the
Constitution
"The notes contained no pledge of the failh of the State in
any form. Theypurpprt to have been issued on the credf of the
funds of the ban k, and m ust have been so received by the com-
munity These funds were m part only derived from the State
la making loans the bank was required to take good secun   j
ties and these constituted a fund, to which the holders of.the
notes could look for payment, and which could be made legally
responsible In this íespect the notes were essentially different
from any class of bills ol ciedit which are believed to have been
issued " ' But," again says the court, ' there is another quality
wlm h distinguishes th"se notes from lulls of credit Every hold-
er of them could not only look to the funds of the Lank for
payment, but he had in his power the means of enforcing it
Tne bank could be sued "
On these two grounds, then, that there was an actual existing
fund pledged foi ihe redemption of these notes, and that this
fund lould be made liable, by suit, (or their redemption, the Su-
premeCourt decided that these notes were constitutionally is-
sued, and were not within the constitutional meaning of the
woids 'billsof credil"
Mr Justice Thompsoi, in concurring with the opinion of the
Court, says
"The two great infirmities which attended the bills of credit
which circulated as money, ard came wnhin the mischief in-
tended to beguaided against by the constitutional piohbiuori,
wtre, the vunt uf some real and substantial fund being provided
for their payment and redemption, and no mode provided for
enforcing payment of the same "
This distinction is a sa'isfactory answer to the objection
which has been íaised, that, if a S'ate, by the prohibition or
want of power to "emit bills of credit," cannot issue Treasury
noi es in the form proposed by the bill before the committee, it
followsas a necessary cor «rquence that bank notes of a bank
incorpoia'td by a State oi by me Timed States we-c unconsti-
tutional, b^ciu-e that which a State or the I nited States could
not do i lrectl) could not be done by a lank incorpordtcd by a
State ei by the United istties Oi these two toll.! grounds of
dislincion rests the constitutionality of all ih>> bank notesof the
coun'iy, whethei issued by a bank, owned by the Stateorby
ind viduals.
From the examination which I have just made of the two
cases I have refeired to, the commuteemay now amve at the
precisedefini ion of the words "bills of cndit " the power to
issuewhich was refused to Congress and piohlbited to the States.
The bill ornóte must be issued by a State, or by her agents ui
the name or on the laith of the State, and be designed to circu-
late as money There must be no real or substantial fund
pledged for its redemption, and which may be made liable by
suit lor its payment, and no paity against whom a suit may be
brought on Ine note
Now, let us piocecd to examine whether ti e Treasury notes
proposed to be issued by this bill will be sublet to all these ln-
firmifes II so, they are clearly unconstitutional, at least ac-
cording to two successive opinions of the Supreme Court—
a court w hose decisions are entitled to the highest respect, and
which alone is empoweied, m the last resort, to decide
upon the constitutionality or unconstitutionality of «in act of
Cengress.
The Treasury notes which are by this bill directed to be issued
are dean ibed in the act ol October 1^, 1837, of which this bill
is only a continua'ion They art to be ul denominations not
less than fifty dolíais They aie redeemab e after the expira-
tion of one year fiom then dates They are to beai an interest,
to be expressed on the fdee of the notes, for one year from the
date, and no longer The rate of interest is to be fixed by the
Secietary of the Treasury and the President, but shad not e\
ceed six per cntum per annum They aie to be reimbursed
at the Treasury of the United S'ates, and for Ibis rennbuise-
ment, at the time or times specified, the fauh of the United
States is pledged The notes are to be sinned, on bi hall of the
Un'ted Stales, by theT easurei, and coun ersigned by the Re
gistti The Secretmy of the Treasuiy is authorized, with the
approbation of the President, toissuesuch amount of the notes
as he may deem expedient, in payment of debts due by the
United States to such pullic cieditors, or to such o her persons
as may choose to receive them in payment at par, and like
auihonty isgiven to borrow, from time to time, not under par,
such sums as the Piesident may think expedient, on the ocdit
of suchnotes The no'ts "shall be tiansferablc by delivery
and a-eignmcr.t endorsed t'.ereor, by the pei<ou to whose order
the same pi all, on the face thereof, have b en made payable"
They shall be receivable in pa) ment of all duties and taxes laid
by Iheanihoii'y o*" the United &tate«, ol al public lands sold
by the U ited States, cf all delts due to the United States.
And la=tl>, that so mi ch of dry unappiopna'ed morey as
may be necessary foi the purpose is, by the Sthsetuon, ap
propnated for piying the pnncipa! and in'eiisi on the said
notes. These are all the provisions of the law which are
apphcalieto the subject in question. Now, wlat is ihe re-
sult of tbt«e eeveial provisions? Why, t'u., l- it That the
denorma'ions of the notes are to be less than $00, t. at
they aie piyable at in unceitain day after the expiration of
one 5 ear Irom da.e, that they bear an interest at the discretion
of the President, not exceed'ngs'x per cent, but wh eh may be
fixe 1 as low as one mi'l, as Wds done in '1 e 'ate issue, being
equivd entto no irteie~t atnl', that the iioic  shall Le signed by
theTrtasurer, and countersigned by ihe Ilt-i ter, on behalf of
the United Stales, that tney shall be transferdb'e by delivery,
artei be na endorsed by the payee, without further endorsement;
that they shall be receivable in piymeat of all dues, taxes, ard
debts due to the United States, and the onl> pledge for their re-
demp ion isany money in the Tieasuryof ihe Uoiied States not
otherwise ippropnat il at t le time they fall due, and the faith,
of-he I ited States Further, the notes are to be issued in pay.
ment oi debts due by the United Plates to sueh of the public cre-
ditors, or othei persons, asn. ly theose to reieive d em, or on
then credit money may be lornwed. Now, sjch being the
e*act ch iracier ol these [>ro( osed Treasury notes, and such the
uses *o wlnc'i they are .o be applied, and euclt the pledges lor
their redemption. 1 would ask the committee t i w I ich ol ti e in-
firrritiesof -billsof credit," as sued m the decisions of the Su-
preme Court, are tliev not fubjertJ
Tuse notes, like the bills of credit, arc i.tucfl ly ihe United
Stales—th y die signed in behall i f the Ut ittd s ates by agents.
They arc payable at an uncertain future day Tiny are issued
on he faith of the United States Tl tre i- no real or substantial
fut d idet'gfd for then redemptior—no r ne agsirst wh< mnut
cai be brought to enfone H>ment No one w ¡i ccnteid that
monevwl irh mav be in tie litasi rv a vtni hei ce, i ot ohtr-
wi ea'ppiop' atcd, is eitl er a rial or substan lal I m d. or any
fu "data II Thattheie isnos|a e money new mil c Treasury is
evident from the fact that this loan is needed The 1 reasuiy notes
issued last vear under thi  very act, and with the samepledfe,
are Mill in pai'ifa' uvo m|lil0l)B>a  >*" umcdeeiced, and there
