june, 1840.
26th CovQ.«-.tsT Sess.
AfPBNDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
827
independent Treasury—Mr. Hunt.
H. of Repg.
facilities'lo commerce, and to extend your accommodation to
individuals.''
On the'.  li of October, 1>?3, tins same Secretary wrote to the
yresUem o! the Maine Ba.ik, at Portland, thus: "The deposites
ofrte public money will uuWe you to afford increased facili
tins to the commercial and other classes of üie commimit*; and
tire PciartmeiU anticipates from you the adoption of such a
course respecUiTi yonr a"L\i:i-,modaiionsas will piove accepta-
bly to the people and safe to the Government."
Similar instructions were given to the other deposite banks:
and about tlhi first ot May, 1536, thtttv si i of these deposite
banks held ol the Government money $33 4<j6,755 00.
When we reflact that, at the time I am speaking of, it was
the Was; of the Administration that the Sure banks wereab'm-
damly competent to perform all the du'ies pieviously per-
formed by the Vniuxl States Bank, and to supply the Wants of ■!
a great people e-nphaurally commercial, the tendency as well
es object of the insifucxious Í have tinoiet! cannot be mistaken.
Thus sncju'ated, it not commanded, the State banks did in-
crease their loans; and the Siates themselves started off iu a
ra-e of c mpetUion in the creation of new banks.
In 1*30 the number of banks may be estimated at three hun-
dred; is  Januaiy. 1335, at seven hundreil and fift , with a cir   '
cu'auon double whatjt was in 1830.   florida, during the years !
1335,  *3S,  proposed   an   mercase   of  banking   capita!   of ,
Sl2,uu0,ii> , anil New York, in the winter of 1636, increased
her bank capital $5,670,000.                                                       j
Oa the 2d of December, 1531, Genera! Jackson, in his mes-  ,
sag , thus speaks:                                                                     j
"Happily it isalready illustrated that the agency of such an  '
iustiiution IBank of the United States] is not necessary to the '
fiscal operations cf the Government    The State banks are
found fully adequate to tho performance of all services which I
weMrelivredof the Bank uf the United States, quite as pi oinpt
!y, and With tbe same cheapness. They have maintained then .  I
«elves ami disc'iaigeda'l these duties, while the Bank oí the  !
United Statu Was slill powerful and in the tie'd as an open
enemy; end it is not possible to conceive that they will find
greater difficulties iu thtir operations when thit enemy shall j
cease to e\is'."                                                                          ¡
Mr. Woodbury, in 1 is report of 8th December, 1SS5. says:
'tins Departan nt takes pleasure in slalins that the public
moiey continues to be collected and depositor!, under tlu pre-
«em system of selected banks, with great ease and economvin ¡
al cases, and with greater in some than at any former petiod.  i
Thitidneiirsol it to every qjarter of the country where it is  '
n-.eded for disbursement have never been effected with more  I
promptitude, and have been mide entirely free of expense to
the Treasury.   The payments to creditors, officers, and pen- I
sioncrs have befiipuoc.ua! and convenient; and the whole fis-  '■
csl operation* through the State bai.kg have, as yet, proved ]
highly satisfactory.   Incidental to this, the facilities that have  \
been furnished to the commercial community in domestic ex-
change* were probably never greater, or at so moderate rates."
In his message ol 3th Dscember, 1=36, General Jackson says:
"To retain it in tl e Treasury unemployed in any way is im-
practicable. It is, besides, against the genius of our free insti-
tution? to lock «p in vaults the treasure of the nation. To
take from the people the risbt of bearing arme, and put their
weapons of defence in the bands of a standing army, would be
scarcely more dangerous to their liberties than to permit the
Govern men' to accumulate immense amounts of treasure be-
yond the supplies necessary to its legitimate wants. Sucli a
treasure would doubtless be employed at some time, as it has
been in other countries, whan opportunity tempted ambition."
This language was held in immediate reference to the then
surplus revenue, hnt the argument is equally applicable tn the
bill uuder consideration, so far as the bill is calculated to with-
draw the people's money from circulation and lock it up in
vaults and safes.
Again, lie says, iu the same message:
"Experience continues to realize the expectations entertained
as lo the capacity of the State banks to perform the duties of fis-
cal agents for the Government at the time ol the removal of the
deposites.
Mr. Woodbury, in his report of die 6th of December, 1336,
eaye: '-The mouey in the Treasury lias been safely kept during
the vear 193S.
Let us here, pause; for we have now traced our rulers i'own
to a period within five mouths of the universal crash in money
raa'.Urs wuicb look place in the spring of 1837, and the ellects
of which were felt throughout the length and breadth of the .
land. Pausing here, it is certain tUe cry that all was well was 1
the fallacious one oía drunken, sleepy seutintl upon his post.
Didour rulers know the untruth of ilnir statements? If so, a
poor compliment is paid the heart. Were they ignoran'? If
«o, a poor compliment is paid the head. In either view,
from a defect of heart or head, or both, their incompetency is
most maui lest
Well, the suspension of 1637 came. It surprised no one ex-
cept our rulers, the very men who, of all others, should not have
been surprised, (perhaps they were not, but they afiecicJ lo be;)
fjrlhey hail been forewarned, and should have been forearmed.
Tor years, ¡he other part of this Hall had rune with the elo-
qu-nee of the great orator from the West, am! ol the Constitu-
tion's champion from the East, predicting, almost with pro-
phetic accuracy, the disastrous results of the experiments of our
rulers upon the currency of the nation Had none but the btate
banks been involved in the ruin, 1 should not have regretted
lae'r fata. It would have seemed a most fit retribution for their
subserviency to power. But every great interest of the coun-
try felt the shock. The commercial, manufacturing, agricul-
tural, in its tura, and, mart, oí all, the poor man, in his labor and
i s ícwai*i3s
Now comes the demonstration on the part of the Govern-
nient—the proof of the proiiosition with which I started, viz: a
sealed hostility to the credit system with a view of enlarging
Executive power, and perpetuating supremacy, by the union of
the purse and sword.                                                          ,
The very men who seduced the banks from the lina of duty,
turn upon them, and uree that departure as a reason for their
correction!   No, for their destruction.
In the menage ol the 4(1  September, 1S3., the President
"^The history of trade in the United States for the last three
or fourvearsaOjrds^ie most convincing evidence that our pre-
sentcon'dnion h chiefly to be attributed to overacticn l.i all the
departments "f business; an overictien, deriving perhaps, i.s
fir* impulses f<o i  anteceden' ca'isos, bu' stimulated to its tie
sTuwivecoosf nuances by excessive, u«n"'. of ¡«ink paper, and
Of other fasititiw Tor the acoui-il'Sin fü.derihi'jement of cie-.it
At the commencement of tho year 1S31, the banking capital of
the United States, including that ol the national bank then ex-
isltrg, amounted to about two hundred millions of dollar;'; the
bank notes then in circulation to aboutninety live millions; and
tho loans and discounts of the banks to tliree hundred and
twenty-four millions. Between thauiraeand the first of Janu-
ary, I83G, oeini the latest period to which accurate accounts
have been received, our banking capital was increased to more
than two hundred and fifty-one million?; our paper circula-
tion to more than one bundled and forty millions, and the loans
and di.counts to more than (our hundred and fifty-seven mil-
lion . To this vast increase are to be added the many millions
of credit, acqu'ied by means of foreign loans, contracted by the
States and State institutions, and, above all, by the lavish ac-
commodations es'ended by foreign dealers to our merchants."
Again he says: ' The present and visible effects of these cir-
cumstances on the operations of ihe Government and on the !
industry of the people point out the objects which rail for your !
immediate attention. They are, to regulate by law the safe-
keeping, transfer, and disbursement of tho public moneys; to
designate the funds tobe received and paid by the Government;
to enable the Treasery to meet promptly every demand upon u;
to prescribe the terms of indulgence, and the moda of settle-
ment to be adopted, as well in collecting from individuals the
revenue that has accrued, as in withdrawing it from fumer
depositories; and to devise and adopt such turther measures
within the constitutional competency of C ngress as will be
bes' calculated to revive the enterprise and promote the pros
perity of the country.                                                    >
'■For the deposite, transfer, and disbursement of the revenue,
national and State banks have always, With tempotary and li-
mited exceptions, been heretofore employed; bui, although ad-
vocates of each system are still to be found, it is apparent that
the events of the last lew months have greatly augmented the
desire, long existing among Ihe people of the United States, to
separate the fiscal operations of the Government from those o
individuals or corporations.
"Again to create a National Bank, as a fiscal agent, would be
to disregard the popular will, twice solemnly and un.quivocrtlly
expressed. On no quest on of domestic policy is there etronger
evidence that the sentiments of a large majority are dclibeiatcly
fixed; ani I canrot concur with those who think they see, in re-
cent events, a proof that these sentiment  are, or a reason that
they should be, changed."
Again he says:
'la the mean time, it is our duty to provide all the remedies
against a depreciated paper currency Whith the Constitution en-
ables us to afford. Tho Treasury Department, on several former
occasions, has suggested the propriety and importance of a uni-
form law concerning bankruptcies of corporations and oiher
bankers. Through the instru i entality of such a law, a salu-
tary check may doubtless be imposed on the issues of paper mo-
ney, and an effectual remedy given to the citizen in a way at
once equal in all parts of the Union, and fully authorized by the
Constitution."
Massing the intermediate messages and Congressional action,
with the"mere remark that there was a sort of non-committalism
about them liiat enabled partisans, where they judged it expe-
dient, to urge that the President was not unfriendly to the cre-
dit system, and which delusion might have continued, but for
his tsiir North during the summer of 1839, when the Simon
Pures of the party compelled him to throw off all disguise, we
come to the message of 2d December, 1839.
That this last paper is draws with political tact I readily ad-
mit; but, with the exception of its candor in Waging open war
upon credit, 1 cannot tay any thing in its commendation. In
every other particular it is delusive and double factd. He
says: "The financial operations of the Government during
the present year have, I am happy to say, been very success-
ful."
Is this so?   What shall we say of the financial skill of those
who, but four years since, found a nation out of debt, with mil-
lions of surplus on hand, ana who, during th  pan year, have
been compelled to resort to the credit of that nation to  the
amount of millions, in tho shape of Treasury.notes, in order to
carry on the ordinary business of Government?
Speaking of the reduction of expenditure, he says:
"With a determination, so far as depends on me. to continue
this reduction, 1 have directed the estimates for 1S40 to be sub-
jected to the severest scrutiny, and to lie limited to the absolute
requirements of the publicseivicc."
Speaking of the necessity of practising rigid economy, lie
,   says:
I '-With the legislature rest the power and duty of so adjusting
! thepublic experidilme as to promote tins end. By the provi-
1 eionsoflhe Constitution, it is only inconsequence of appropria-
| tions mads by law that money can be drawn from the Treasury.
I No instance has occurred since the establishment of the Go-
I vernmentin which the Executive, though the component part
i of the lesislative |K>wer, has interposed an objection to an appro-
i priation'bill on the sole ground of its extravagance. His duty
i in this respect has been considered fulfilled by it-questing such
1 appropriations only as the public services may 1>3 reasonably
i  expected to require "
I An independent legislator cannot but be struck with iho pow-
I ■■ crs here claimed Sor himself by the President, and ought to feel
! grateful that thus far he has forborne their exercise. Helias
1 not vetoed a law merely on the ground of ifs containing an ex-
ÍI travagant appropriation. This certainly is kind- and conside-
ii   rate towards tho representatives of the people.    But   what
cial branches were not only separate and distinct, but were so
designed to be; and that the power vested in the President ol
returning bills, with his objections stated, was a power given
for sell-protection, and not for interference with the policy or
extravagance of appropriation—a shield to the Executive
branch, and not a sword to be turned against the people—a
weapon for defence, but not for attack.
Then the homily on economy comee to us with peculiar
force and fitness, from the head of an Administration which
has run up the expenses of the Government from an average of
thirteen millions, in lS21-'8,toan average of thirty-seven mil-
lions, in 1839-40.                              „.    ,. ,
But snip this part of ¡he message of us diplomatic court l n-
eiia-e, and in plain English it means that the Legislature of the
ration, are bound to take theestimates of the President. Not to
bo bevomlthem at the peril of being branded as extravagant;
not to fail short of them at the like peril of being denennredas
faei;ou¡>   The legislatura keeping  «nieily within \he pre-
scribed limits, the machinery of Government may possibly be
kept in motion through the present year without further loans.
But the national works must be arrested in an unfinished
state—progress in the Cumberland road must cease—the im-
provement of the Hudson river stop—the manner on your
roast perish for want of light houses, and properly and life
be lost upon the lakes for Want of furbors; and the bills now
pressed upon uy from the Deparunents, for the armed occu-
pation of Florida, and for an additional military force for
that unfortunate Ter iiory must uot pase, because the ex-
penses to be incurred are not included in the estimates; or, if
pasted, those expenses are to be charged to legislative extrava-
gance.
Speaking of the partial suspension of the banks in 1S39, the
President fays:
"There was nothing in the condition of the country to endan-
ger a well managed banking institution Commerce was derang-
ed by no foreign nar; every bianch of manufacturing industry
w-as crowned with lieh reward ; and ihe more iban usual abun-
dance of our harvests, after supplying our domestic wants, had
left our irranaries and storehouses filled with a surplus for ex-
portation."
Tlie sufilring manufacturers and their thousands of work-
men   at Pittsbuig, at Tateison, and  at   Lowell, must  have
felt this portion of the message as adding insult to the.r in-
juries.
Ag.tin the President pays:
"The weight wliich piesses upon alarge portion of the people
and the Slates, is an enormous debt, foreign and domestic. The
foreign debt of curSta'ts, corporation , and men of business,
can scarcely be Icfr tl.an two hundied millions of dollars,
requiting more than ten millions ol dollars a year to pay ihe in-
terest  
This is strange Janguas- for a Republican President to use.
Wh thashet  do with the private affairs of individuals, or
with the debt of New Yoik? For my own State, 1 can say, the
has the proud satisfaction of knowii g that she whs the. pioneer
in the great and beneficent workoi internal ir provement. Un-
aided and alone she has marched forward towaid the com-
pletion ot hei own system, and unaided and alone she will kee.
her faith to creditors untarnished, and punctually meet all her
engagements.
Hut, strange as is the langinge of the President, its object, to
wit, to cripple the Stat' e, destroy their riedit, and increase Ex-
ecu ivepower and patronage, will veiy plainly appear when I
refer hereafter to the aciion taken on the suggestion of the
message in another branch of '.be I.egif lature.
And such is the message of 1KS9, ingenuous in no particular
save the one formerly mentioned by me, that is, its open hosulliy
to the credit systm oft he country. And the bill before us is but
a legislative enactment of the views of the message, and is equal-
ly free, wnh it, from ar.y doubt as to its object, aun, and inevita-
ble tendency.
I now come to thi second part of my argument, as proposed
to myself at the outset ol my remarks—the attempt to assign
some of the objections I have to ihis bill, and some of the
reasms why I have thus far and shall continue toop,iose it iu all
its stages.
And. first, the President says:
"From the result ol inquiries made by the Secre'ary of the
Treasury, in regard to the practice among htm, [other na-
tions,] I am enabled lo stale that, in twenty-two out of twenty-
seven foreign Governments, from which undoubted informa-
tion has been obta ned, the public moneys are kept in charge of
public officers. This concurrence of opinion in favor ol that
system is perhaps as great as exkts on any question of internal
administraron."
And the Secretary of the Treasury enumerates amongst those
foreign Governments, Prussia, Austria, European and Asiatic
Turkey, Cubo. &c.
Some of the despotic Governments enumerated by the Secre-
tary have no banks, and, of course, must employ other agent 
tn keep their fund-; some of them are small Territories and
Principalities, (scarcely larger than the towns of my own State,)
easily overlooked and watched; and some uf them are but just
emeiciuafromb'rbarwm. With the exception of the system
of education in Pruss:a—a system mainly dependent for iu
creation and existence upon the sagacity of a prince far in ad-
vaneo ol his fellows^—a Bepnblican will look in vain through
the list of States for any thine worthy his imitation.
The liberty of republican Tin key is not what ihe patriots uf
'76 fought and bled (or, and acquired lor their descendants and
country. Nor do our people covet the in«titutions of Cuba,
though it be the land of the bloodhound, that moat efficient aux-
iliary of a Clnistian army, of a Christian Wcpublie, in its war
upon a miserable remnant of a once powerful race of savages.
Besides, judeing frum present aptiearauces, Cuóa is iu danger
of'runninsr oil' the hard monty track; foreveutheic discussions
are now goiue on in the Government paper at Havana, as to
the expediency of adopting the banking system; arid England
and tlio United States are cited es examples of ils eminent
utiluy. Our rulers should took to this approach to liberty in
Cuba ere it be too lute.
II The measure proposed must, in Its operation, cripple, if
not destroy, the banks of the country, and with them credit of
all kind*. The President intends that the measure-hall afl'ect
them.   He says:
'In a country so commercial as ours, banks, m some form,
will probably always exist; buttlus Ferves only to render it the
more incumbent on us, notwithstanding ihe disconragfinents.if
lite p.isi, to strive in our respective statioiu. to mitigate the evi's
they produce."                                                      .            ..
He seems here to be sensible that commerce requires credit.
Allow me to state the reason.    I hold it as ¡m axiom in \*<-
litica! econoinv, "That no commercial i.aiion can have a specie
cuirency sufficient for its wmi'.«."
Its monetary and trading transactions cannot be represented
'"Tne'pi'rsidcnt assumes ¡here may be in the coumry eighty-
five miliums of dolldrsin specie. I suppose there are not more
hit. «yiv millions. Well, what is a circulaung medium hut
the meals of leplesentiDg the transfer, oi the wealth of produc
"production, in its various shapes, constitutes the weaiik of a
n.v.r,leWc produce vastly more than lormerly. and yet thu
hi I seeks to reduce the means of rcpresenung the transfer of
mitwealthof production, and it will do so. Who, then, will
m™wi What, object to do so, beyond supplying the Kim-
Kiest wants of rsature? Produce and you cannot sell; or, if so,
S. «iras making it an object to produce forsale.
al£l^thTbaenVWdifferent tiroes sr-1 in differ*,' Stilt
