628                                              APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, IÍ40.
26th Cono.......1st Sess.
Granting land to Michigan—Mr. Porter.
Senate.
papers, about France being mainly a haid money Govern-
meat.
Let us see, for a moment, what France—not as she teas, clad
in complete armor, and, like the Ishmaelite of old, warring wuh
every brother but as she is, disposed to cultivate the arts of
pea e, and convinced that, fiom her geographical position, soil,
and climate, she is destined to take the highest rank amongst the
commercial nations ol the world, thinks of this init,er
The Journal  des Debáis of the 13 h e1 November, 1S39,
■MS.
1 At this time,commercial transactions absorb in France a ca-
pital of three milliards of francs, (six hundred millions of dol-
lir*,) in the unproductive fom ol specie The Chambers «ill
have to inquire how far, by means of a bai k, to be in reality,
by its faculties, the bank of all France, this unproductive ca,u-
tal can be gradually diminished, m order to a4>ply part of it to
more profitable pui poses."
This bill, when in full operation to the vast extent of Govern
ment transactions, in impoe's, land sales, and pjstaee, receives
•nd recognises nothing butspecie To the extent of "these tranr-
actione, the Government takes the speue from the banks, I'ns
crippling, li not ru n'ng them; and it heards it up, useless to
■very one.
Ill The plan is expensive and unsafe. This is an old
and very obvious obiection, but can Use none of its force by
repetition. The bill itself shows a large expenditure con-
templated at the outset; what tha  expenditure may amount
to in the end we may from past experience conjecture"; and
as to the other branch ol the objeción, the insecurity ol the
measure, argument w >uld be thrown away (after the cases
of Swartwout and Price, to say nothing of other ,) in en-
deavoring to illustrate or strengthen it. 1 therefoie content
myself with merely a'ludmg to i£in passing as briefly as possi
b'e over some ol the prominent heads of the remaining part ol
my argument.
IV.  It virtually creates a Government bank without the
commercial benefits and facilities of a National Bank, oijan
feed upon the  rue basis. It is a bank of deposite, with'the
collector, receiver, postmaster, A-c A bank of issue with the
Secretary of theTteaaury, and may become, for anght I see,
one o( disconnt a'so The Secretary may draw drafts, these
will form a circulating medium better and cheaper than com.
The cheaper currency always replaces the dearer one. This
is & law of trade. At any rale, it is to depend upon the Sec re-
tary of the Treasury how long the drafts may retrain out, and,
of course, how long'circulate as money.
V.  The threatened evil has already"reduced property of all
kinds, the bill in lull operation will bring it still lower. The
merchant has gone by the boa d already, and the manufacturer
and mechanic are strugg'ing for bare exis'ence The revenue
is gone in anticipation, even. In the city of New York, where
the Preadent says, in his late n^essage, filteen millions dollars
were received by the collector the pres'M (theiO year, but
•300,(kO of duties have been secured during the month of Ja-
nuary, 1310. In January, 1839, «1,300,000 were secured, thus
showing a falling off of one trillion in a single month
The farmer, too, la now lee ing the beginning of t' e end.
Of what value to him are the smiles cf Providence upon his
crops? Can he sell them at living prices! The President, in
deed, felicitates t e country, as I have shown you. on its pros-
perity. But who else, either in or out of this Hall, with the
facts of the da. before him, has the hardihood ihus to sport and
laugh at the sufferings of an entire people? The language of
the message, in reference to our ptospenty, chills the blood as
it would to see the physician stard over his pal lent, writhing
la the agonies of death, smile in his face, and ted him he was
getting well.
That there is universal derangement in business, and conse-
quent distress, stard adnnrtsd by all, save the President, and it
ib curat  to bca* the various and warring reasons assigned for
this distress by th" pohtiLal quacks and charlatans of the fay.
One says it is owing to the oveitradirg of the merchants and
people, ano her aunbu'ei it to wild specu'atioi; ano'hei to
over issues of the tank"; but the suiu-lou of the whole d'flUulty
has been given by three very wise rren o' my own Suit, the
bmk commissioner*—men deriving their existence and poli-
tical consequence from a system d"evi el by the Execu'tve of
the Union, tor the purpose of combining the monetary in erests
of my Mate with its p-irtyipoli'ics.
In their annual report, submrted to the Legis'ature of New
York on the 21th January, lt40, they say.
"As no rise of prices was perceptible here during the suspen-
sion, so do fall Wi3 uccasmied bv ihe resuaif-tioD, and the pro
dues of the country went forward at very fair, if not large
prices; and a large circulation of b-mk japer was sua-
tuned during the au umn of 1*38 and the early pan ol the
tollowing year. The over production induced by the h gh
prices of rjitceiVg years was not at that time ap-
parent, and hal not proJuc d its legitimate effect upon
prices, wiiich more rtcei.t.y has been severe'y felt It is quite
apparent now that tuce  have heretofore leen too high, and
quite lorluuv.e for ina,iv who then corapluneJ cf the want of
. money to pu chese the pi o 'uee of the country, that it was not
more abunUn , and equally fortunate, we flunk, for the bink?,
mat the limit oi i«ie r circda ion was noten'aigedat the last ses-
sion, as -orne were d-siious ol having it "
Now if tb's were not too serious a matter for m-rr ment, one
might feel disposed to laogh to hear pretended financiers and po
luteal economists la'kit   about umvt rsal distress upon the rich
and poor, produced by an abur.dance of the necessaries ofbfe
Tr.ey tell the fnm r (a'dl wu,i him to note it) "that prices
have heretofore been too nigh " And tothefarnieisl would say,
in reltre.iee to the av< wa! i f the above senun.cn*, stand bv and
Sie your farm  reduced in vulue by poltural acnon for par'i-an
purj«osea, did tlun it you can fird it in your hearts to dc so, lend
youi suppm t to tin  c.ass off ohtic an", for they c'ami to be the
exclusive file 'sof thecountiy a' il th  |eop e, and thrv n erd
evincing fiatfr cnrVuip by the deduction of índusiij, and the
value of every description ofpioperiy
last, thoug'i not least, the poor man, tl e 1-borer, 's des! red
to feel tin opuutiin of tli ■> bill in lU bl,£¡ iipj ePlcts u^on the
pneeof his taboi. andtr*ability to proiuie t mp o/nra t 'lliit
labor must come down n purr i« n'miii' d Senator Cicl anan
M his speech rf 2*'J uuai', 1«40 sajs
"If, therefore, y u sliou'1 in some degree reduce the nommol
price paid forlabor,b> i 'liun.g tne amount ol youi u-nk isíu^
within leasoi able and s f„ limits, and eetablishing a metallic
baria fory mr paper cur ulaticn, would this injure the laborer!
Certainly not, because the price of all the necessaries and cem-
fjrj of life aie reduced m ihc sjmc proportion, audhewi!! le
ab!e to purchase more of them for one dollar in a sound sta'eof
the currency, than he could have done in the days of extrava-
gant expansion for a dollar and a quarter "
The poor man is to get the wages of France, Sweden, Bavaria,
Belgium, Germany, Netherlands, Italy, and Saxony, that is to
say, an average of about 5d perdav, and generally without
board. Do tea, sugar, corlee, and foreign fabrics come duwn to
out hard money cunetcy ! Nt, we must buy and sell by the
foreign standard. And, of course, Ihe poor man must perfoim
(il he can get anv one to employ him) at least twice the amount
of labor he now does to triable him to purchase a toreism article.
But who is to employ the laboring man? What inducement
will be left to invest capital in merchandise, in manufacturing,
or buildmgl The whole argument may te stated in the case of
a eon of the Emerald Isle He came to market in i ew Yoik,
and wanted to buy a chicken The price was 25 cents. Pat
said he cou'd get a-) good a chicken in Ireland fort  pence. The
owner very naturally 6aid, 'Then why do you not return to I'e
land!" "Is it return you would have me? Ariah' when I get
there, who will give me employment by wh ch to earn the C
pence?"
Who can, in this general stagnation of life and business,
be benefited! The rich man, who owes nothing, and the office-
h Jl ler, receiving lus fixed salary, and selling his gold at a pre-
mium.
VI, and lastly. This bill unites in the Executive the purse
and thoswoid. It will lomease tearfully the already ovcisha-
dowing power of that department. 'J hat power must be cir-
cumscribed or it needs no prophet to predict t ic fate of our insti-
tutions. The daneer from the Executive power wasmost forci-
bly depicted in 1826, in a report submitted to the other branch of
the National Legislature.
In that repoit Colonel Ben'on says-
"The committee are of opinion that it is expedient to dimi-
nish, orto legulate by law, the Executive patronage of the Fe-
deul Government, \\ lunever the same can be done consistently
with the provisions of he Constitution, and without impairing
the proper i fficiency of the Government "
Again: "The comm ttee restthe'r opinion on the ground that
the exeiribe of great patronage in the hands of one man has a
constant tendency to sully the purity of our institutions, and to
endanger the hbertiesof the country."
Aga.n. ' The scene shifts fiom this imaginary region, where
laws execute themselves, to tho theatie of real life, wherein
they are executed by civd and military officers, by arm rs and
navies, by courts of justice, by the collection and disbursement
of revenue, with all its tiain of salaries, jobs, and contracts;
and in this aspect of the reality, we behold the working of the
patronage, and discover the reason why so many stand ready,
in any country, and in alleges, to flock to the standard of power,
wheres ever and by whomsoever it may be raised " "The pa-
tronage of the Federal Government at the beginning was found-
ed upon a revenue of two millions of dollars It is now ope-
rating upon twenty two millions; and, within the lifetime of
many now living, must operate upon fifty. The whole revenue
must, in a few years, be wholly applicable to subjects of pa-
tronage."
Speaking of the officers of the customs in the city of New
York, ihe report says:
"A formidab'e list indeed'—formidablein numbers, and still
more so from the vast amount of money in their hands. The
action of such a body of men, supposing them to be animated
by one spirit, mnst be tremendous in an election; and that tbey
will be so Rnima ed is a propo&rion too plain to need demon-
stration Power over a man's support has always been held
and admitted to be power over his will."
Again "We must, then, look forward to the time when the
public revenue will be doubled; whf n the civil and military
officers of the Federal Government will be quadrupled; when
Itsmfiuence over individuals will be multiplied to an indefinite
extent; when the nomination of the Piesident can carry any
man through the Senate, and his recommenriat on can carry any
measure through the two Houses of Corgres<=; when the prin-
ciple of publ c action will be> open and avowpci, the President
wants my vote, and I want his patronage; I will vote as he
■wishes, and he will giv e me the office I wish for "
Again "In the country for which ihe eommit ee art, the
press, with some exceptions, *ne Post Office, the armed force,
and the appointing power are in the hands of the Presiden,
and the Fres clent himself is nut in ti elands of the people The
Piesident m >y, ard in th" ci.nent of hundan affaiis wili be
against the people, and, :n fos ham's, the arbiters of human
fate must be a¡ratn«t men: also This Will not do. The pos
sibihtyofit must be avoided Tbe f afety of the people is t'.e
'supreme law,' and, to ensure thut safety, tho-e atbitersofim
man fate must change position, and take post on tbe side of the
people."
If this were true in 1S26, is t any less so now? Has any thing
occured showing the Gei eia' Givirnment in ns operations, to
htve changed 1.3 tendency an1 dirtcinn? The *igns of ihe
limes cannot he mistaken A sovereign State has been ex
clud"d Irom this floor Th? Piesident lectures the ¡States tif on
their interna! iegu!anon=; ard,fciHrnj'tai'eGusly, resolu'i ns are
m'roJuccd, and a report ,-pai'e, eíTeciing iheir credit at home
and abroad Tl,,s rroy b<*mciecr>u civ'erce, bul, to my mind,
the coincidence is ommof Poss this bib, and, in tliecfiec's
claimed f< r iteu'icr b) is friends er enemies, you «ive the Ex
ccutive tile power of contiolung il e monetaiy afiairs of the
CJimtry, the povvr of re¿ulatir_'"f>'ale institutions, of dictating
a coi rse of policy fcr t! ( ¿iaie  'o | ursue—the pov, er, in fine,
to destroy bo h mJividud and eta'e c. edit Andwhen the re
souifes oft'ieindi/idu. and th.--Suteehall have been destroy
ed, the spirit hundid! idciu^l.ed whence «re you to look l< r
cpposium t> a',y Executive scheme? Who bold enough or able
to oppose th aj [oiu uicntuf a succcoeo''
If the mushioom banks, the hot bed growth of Federal patro
nage, bavo s.gna iy fa led as j o «ere t lu tury woul' by tho^e
who opposed t, or uni for ! p-ultio icj"cn leave them tc- the
correction of public seni'mciit and State legislat on They will
60on cease to have -iny f ovver eiiliei for eood or forevi! whdst
thecoundaii1 hral'h} ■• ctitutmns hav.ng rode out lie storm,
wi'l remain to irret toe business v.ar'sotacommerc.nl peop c
To this II u-e I „«y, 11H 1, <-e mme to 'I e re-tc. c ai ! Ofd n
defeattiiu-I \ecufve lTa-in, ^rd then when tl.i Aín ioii.ua
lion, taugnt 1 > the t em mdt|'erdei li  ol tli,a body, s! ill cease
its warfaie upon the great interests of the c< untry, nd return
to the ways ol our fadieis, we 11 ay hope for something like re-
pose— lora re'um, af'er vears cf suflirinr t > onr forrrerpro<!
rerity.
REMARKS OF Mb. PORTER,
In Settate, April 21, 1840—On the bill granting
to the State of Michigan 100,000 acres of land
•to aid in the construction of a canal around the
Palls of St. Mary's, Lake Superior.
Ma Porter «aid he was not a little surprised
at the* manner in which this bill was received and
treated m this debate. The grant it proposes to
make hEÉ| been spoken of by more than one Senator,
on this and on former occasions when it has been
before us, as- ,bne whose benefits are to inure to the
State of Michigan only ; as if this circumstance were
of itself sufficient to enlist an opposition adequate to
ensure its defeat. But is this so ? The provisions
of the bill are such as to deprive the State of all re-
venue from this canal, except for purposes of neces-
sary repairs and attendance ; and the United States
are at all times to enjoy the free use of it as a high-
vt ay, paying nothing even for these purposes. What,
then, are the immediate benefits which are to result
from the construction of this work 1 Will they not
consist, in a great measure, in the extension of lake
commerce t And does that belong exclusively to the
State of Michigan 7 Where are the States of Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, New York, and Pennsylvania, in
this debate, that they do not claim an interest in this
important improvement, and thus relieve this bill
from the imputation of partiality and injustice which
is sought to be fixed upon it, on account of its alleged
identity with that of Michigan only ?
As Michigan is to derive no revenue from this
canal, and as she has no public domain to be enhanc-
ed in value by its construction, I know of no better
mode of testing it as a measure of utility to all the
States I have named than by an exhibit of the pre-
sent interest they have in the commerce of the North-
ern lakes.
The aggregate American tonnage on these lakes,
(including Ontario, which now communicates with
the rest by means of the Welland canal,) in 1838,
amounted to nearly 50,000; about 8,000 less only
than that of the States of South Carolina and Georgia
united. This tonnage is licensed^ and enrolled as
follows:
Tons 95ths.
At the ports in the State of New York, 22,338 26
Do             do      Pennsylvania      3,216 04
Do             do      Ohio,                   13,770 15
Do             do      Michigan,             9,847 86
Making an aggregate of              49,172 36
There being no port of entry in either of the States
of Indiana and Illinois, or in the Territory of Wis-
konsin, their present tonnage does not appear; but
these powerful communities are yet in their infancy
in ship-building, and the amount they contribute is
as yet but inconsiderable. Who does not see, how-
ever, that in the benefits, present and prospective,
that are to result from the making of this canal,
Michigan is to be but a participator with her neigh-
boring sioter States, all brought in immediate contact
with the trade that is to be opened by it 1 We are
perpetually asked here for information as to the na-
ture and extent of this trade—are told in advance
that it must be unimportant and inconsiderable—that
nothing is known of the country to which a naviga-
ble access istobe gained—and that this whole scheme
is premature and -visionary. We meet these objec-
tions by urging that the geographical position of this
canal is sufficient in itself to demonstrate its import-
ance to all these States, and indeed to the whole
Union; that the largest of these great inland waters,
hating 1,500 to 2,000 miles of coast, is to be thrown
open to their shipping at a trifling cost, (for this
grant is but a tntle, after all, when the grandeur of
the object is properly estimated ;) we aver that there
arc now '•ebsels on Lake Superior doing a profitable
business in the fur trade anJ fisheries of that region ;
and, if the opinions I have hear J expressed by gen-
tlemen of the highest le^ectabiuty and business in-
telligence are 10 be relied on, a lucrative employment
in the fi-heries would, bj means of this> communica-
tion, it once be ch rn to all the sailing craft of these
lal e&, a large pioportion of v hich it- iiow idle at our
wharves, owing to the ttmporary stagnation of lake
commerce, and the recent use of steam vessels for
the transportation of every species of merchandise.
