April, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
889
26th Cono-...1st. Sess.
Freedom of Elections—Mr. Bell.
H. of Reps.
If this information as to the extent of these fisheries  I1
be correct, (and that it is, I have no reason to doubt,)   |
some estimate may be formed of the immediate re-
sults which wou'd attend this improvement, not to
Michigan only, but to ail the States I have named—
especially to the States of Jfew York and Ohio, each
of which has now resting on these waters its great
canal, through which the products and acquisitions
of commercial enterprise, gathered in this new and
vast field of adventure, will pour their contributions
to its internal revenues and to the wealth of its citi-
zens.   The white fisheries of Lake Superior are a
matter of certainty, proved by actual discovery to be
an important and valuable item of domestic export;
and we are only in doubt as to the limit which is to
bound it.    Those of the Detroit and St. Clair rivers
afford us no guide in ascertaining it, for there they
ate quite limited, never exceeding in amount $50,000
per annum, owing to the fact that the white fish are
only taken during a short period in the year—some
three or four weeks during the months of October
and November.    This is not the case, as I am in-
formed, in respect to the fisheries of Lake Superior,
These are never interrupted—not even during the
season of frost; and this being the fact, it is difficult
to imagine any limit to their amount.
The statistics of the northern fur trade, to which
this new and broad expanse of navigation would be
tributary, are not at hand ; for the reason, probably,
that the very obstruction which it is the object of
this bill to overcome is one of the main impediments
to competition in that valuable traffic.   The fur trade
of this whole continent is known to be chiefly in the
hands of the two great American and British com-
panies.    Its history shows that it has been more or
leas absorbed by associations having large and ex-
tended facilities and capital, from the granting of the
first charter by Charles the Second to Prince Rupert
and his associates in 1670, down to the present day;
and if these monopolies, in their direct intercourse
and traffic with the Indian tribes, have at any time
been successfully opposed by the bold spirit of enter-
prise of our northern adventurers, the opposition has
been disarmed, when all other expedients have failed,
by buying it up, and in many cases incorporating it
on advantageous terms with the stock of some one of
these great companies.    Competition has thus been
smothered, and the fur trade made the sure means
of overgrown wealth to the monopolists who have
controlled it.    And why has this been so ?    It has
been because the avenues leading to'this trade have
been beset with difficulties insurmountable by small
capitalists; and when these difficulties have at last
been overcome, and the pathway  to  competition
opened by the creation of facilities of travel and
transportation, this monopoly of the fur trade has
ceased, and the companies have been compelled to
pay to our enterprising merchants their profits on
the original cost of the furs, or encounter them as
competitors in the foreign market.    In proof of this,
it is only necessary to advert to the fact, that in the
States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and the southern
peninsula of Michigan, in each of which furs to a
large amount are now annually collected, nearly all
the company trading-posts have  long since been
broken up.    They are now in the " terra incognita"
of which the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr.
PaiiTOjf) speaks,  amassing the  wealth which  it
will be one of the results of the passage of this bill
to open, to a certain extent, to all our citizens.    Mac-
kinac and St. Mary's are the great northern depots
and places of outfit of the American Fur Company,
at which points the shipments of furs now amount
annually to near  two hundred thousand dollars, a
large proportion of which are derived from the trade
of Lake Superior.
I have alluded, sir, thus imperfectly, to the fur
trade and fisheries of the north, for the purpose of
(showing that there are present objects of value and
importance to be gained by this canal. But, sir, in
a national point of view, I confess myself greatly
surprised that this interesting work has failed to ar-
rest the attention and command the approbation of
every member of the Senate, who is not led by his
constitutional opinions to repudiate all appropriations
for objects of this character. The entire southern
coast of Lake Superior is a boundary of the public
domain ©f the United States, which, within this
upper peninsula of Michigan, is estimated at about
fourteen millions of acres. The geographical posi-
tion of this vast tract of country is such that all com-
munication with it must necessarily be by water. ¡
There are no other means of access to it. It is to '
all intents and purposes insulated. Without this
canal, it cannot be brought into market, and conse-
quently no motive will present itself for extinguish-
ing the Indian title which now encumbers a large
portion of it. The information we derive from tour-
ists, who have visited that region, justifies us in the
belief that it contains vast mineral resources, which,
it is clear, can never be successfully developed until
it can be rendered accessible by means of navigation.
These considerations, together with others which
have been adverted to in this debate, fully demon-
strate to my humble apprehension the interesting
character of this work as a national one. -
But, sir, there are many distinguished Senators
who do not view the subject in this light, and, in
their zeal to create hostility to this grant, have in-
troduced topics here, which it seems to me proceed
from any thing but a spirit of liberality, and even of
courtesy towards the State of Michigan. When we
are asked for information as to the probable cost of
this work, and we answer the call by pointing to a
copy of an estimate on our tables, showing that, on
the plan of its adaptation to ship navigation, it will
fall short of 120,000 dollars, we are met by the re-
joinder that its construction for this small sum is not
within the range of probability. The estimate we
present is scouted as unworthy of credit, and we are
told that the grant we now ask is but the beginning
of a drain on the public lands for an object about
which the country neither knows nor cares. But a
few years will elapse, says the Senator from Ken-
tucky, (Mr. Chittenden',) and another onehundied
thousand acres will be asked for to complete this
canal. I confess, sir, that I feel not a little wounded
that a motive inferrible from all this is imputed to us,
and that the evidence we offer as to the probable
cost of this canal is treated as wholly unworthy of
confidence. Gentlemen cannot have well examined
this paper, or they would assuredly have forborne to
treat it thus unkindly. What is it, sir 1 It is the
copy of a special message of the Governor of Michi-
gan to the State Legislature, transmitting the esti-
mate of the State engineer, on which estimate it was
to act, and did act, in authorizing the opening of this
canal as a State -work, and in appropriating money
for that object. The estimate was not made to be
sent here for the purposes of the present reference,
as the document on its face shows; and yet we are
told it is not etatitled to credit, because it was not
made under the authority of the Federal Government;
as if it were an indispensable part of the qualifications
of a civil engineer that he should be certified, or com-
missioned, by your Topographical bureau ; or that
the State would, in the prosecution of her enlarged
system of internal improvements, intrust the survey-
ing and estimating a work like this, on which her
own money alone was to be expended, to an engi-
1 neer incompetent to a skilful performance of that
duty. The very presumption is an absurdity ; and,
were it not so, my own acquaintance with the engi-
neer, (Mr. Almy,) personally and professionally,
' would lead me to give the highest degree of credit to
his estimates for works of this description, whether
in Michigan or elsewhere.
It is insisted, sir, by the Senator from Kentucky,
1 (Mr. Cmttbnden,) that this grant is wholly inade-
quate to the making of this canal, and he endeavors
to illustrate this assumption by comparing it with
the Louisville and Portland canal, which cost nearly
a million of dollars. With great deference to that
distinguished Senator, I must be • permitted to say
this comparison is instituted without a full knowl-
edge of the relative difficulties attending the making
of these two canals.
The fall in the river at St Mary's is 22 feet 10
inches, which it is proposed to overcome by three
locks of equal lift. The length of the canal will be
less than 5,000 feet through ground of even surface,
and but slightly elevated above the river. The
height of the water is always uniform, or nearly
so—never being influenced by floods, and only sub-
ject to variation between extremes of 3 to 4 feet, oc-
casioned by winds blowing either down or up Lake
Superior. The depth of the canal would not require
to be more than 12 to 14 feet from the top of the
embankment; and the locks, each of less than 8 feet
lift nnifirmhj, would need no more than an ordina-
ly depth of chamber. There is already a small canal
around these falls, (opened by tha military of Fort
Brady in the common round of fatigue duty,) on
which the Government has erected a sawmill. The
opening of a navigable steamboat canal is the plainest
thing imaginable, for there are only common obsta-
cles to overcome, and no extraordinary changes pro-
duced by the elements to guard against. Such is
not the fact in respect to the Louisville and Portland
canal. By a document contained in the report of
the Committee on Roads and Canals relative to this
work, now on our tables, we are informed, among
other things, that the rise and fail of the Ohio are
such as to vary the depth of water in this canal from
4 to 40 feet! Why, sir, I will ven'ure to say it has
cost more money to build one of its three lift-locks,
than it would require to make a ship-canal at St.
Mary's, locks and all.
But, sir, the Senator from South Carolina, (Mr.
Prestox,) in his zealous and eloquent opposition to
this bill, adopts a course of lea.oning directly opposite
to that of the Senator from Kentucky. He exclaims
against this grant as a prodigal contribution of the
national resources to a mere local object, and, in es-
timating its value, he assumes that, under the power
the bill confers on the State of Michigan to select
these 100,000 acres from among any of the unsold
lands in the State, a portion of the public domain
may be taken, capable of yielding to the Government
perhaps a million of dollars. Sir, is not this assump-
tion altogether fallacious when we refer to accounts
of sales on our tables 1 By reference to a document
now before me, 1 find that th? aggregate sales of
public lands by the united States, from 1833 to 30th
September, 1839, inclusive, embracing as well
those at auction as at private entry, amounted to
53,941,800.62 acres, and that the purchase money
accruing thereon was $68,319,843 71—less than
$1 27 per acre. The time has long since passed
for the Government to realize for its lands any very
considerable sum above the established minimum
price. Should the State of Michigan succeed, by a
wise and prudent management of this grant, in re-
alizing from it a greater sum than would accrue on
this rate of sales, it will be W.ause of its increase in
value, consequent on the application of her own un-
aided enterprise and resources.
I will not indulge, sir, in any course of invidiousre-
mark towards other new States to whom large grants
of the public domain have been made for objects of
internal improvement, in support of the just claim of
Michigan alone on the liberality of Congress for this
grant. It rests, in my judgment, on higher and
broader considerations. Besides, sir, there is a bill
now before us, which proposes a uniform and equal
system in respect to such donations. When that
shall come up for discussion, it will be a more suitable
occasion to refer to the past in support of her distri-
butive rights.
SPEECH \)F MR. BELL,
OF TENNESSEE
In the House of Representatives, Aaril, 1S10. —On his bill to
secure the Freedom ojrElections.
Mr. Sp3Akbr: I cannot forbear /ongratulating myself tipin
ihe enjoj ment of the unexpected jfiivilege ol speaking in ex-
pljndtion ol [he provisions oil a bill which has been the subject
of so much misrepresents uonlbifits enemies, and no les* m*ap-
prelu n^ion among those who, ulougli friendly to the object of it,
na« nev er taken the trouble t<f examine it. I need not say that
I ta'-ce a deep personal interest in th • success ol a measure upon
which I have bes owed S3 much reflection; hut, unless its im-
portance to the public interest and «elfaie can be made mani-
i< st, I am aware that it can nevei recommend itself to this
Housa. To demonstrate the importance of some such mea-
sure as the one I have proposed, il we would preseive ihe frre
institutions of the country in their spirit uiid put ity, will be the
object of the íemarks which I now propose to submit.
My judgment may have been misKd by the ardor of my feel-
ings, in coming to the conclusion that no liee Government can
last, where the abuses which thU lull proposes to correct shall
no longer excite complaint or remonstrance among (he r e ic!e.
Bat such is my settled conviction: and wuh this impression con-
stantly on my mind, my lriends will excuse me lor regarding
ilusas by farihe mojUimeresnng and important me sure which
can come before the present Congress. They will a so, lor the
same reason, pardon me the tax I propose 10 impose upon their
time and patience, in the somewhat elaborate examination I in-
tend giving to a subject in wh'ch they may not have leltany par-
ticular concern. I invoke a pacent hearing from all—from gen-
tlemen on to h sides of the House, and of ail parties, who think
