850__________________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.________________April, 1840.
26th Cono-••• 1st Sess.                                    Freedom of Elections—Mr. B'V.                                                       H. of Reps
■with me that there is something wrong, radically wrong, in the
practical operations of our political system, and who possess
enough of patrio ic feeling to seek an adequate remedy. To
such 1 can promise that if they have confi.l-nce in thi "virtue
and wisd -.m of th.9 sages who tuvegone belore us, they shall be
rewarded for their attention; fir it is they chiefly who, I intend,
sb/UI address them upon this subject.
U'it, before I procee 1 with my remarks upon the character and
object of the bill, I feel called upon to notice the attempt which
Was made t"> strangle it in its birth. This musí appear the more
sing nlar and extraordinary, when we reflect that the hill could
n>t have been re id or examined by any ono member of the
IIousp; it hid not be?n prime 1; it had not been read at the
flerk'e table, before my colleague, (Mr. Johnson) rose and ob-
jected ) its introduction.   Another of my colleagues (Mr.------)
distinguished lu.melf by his zeal and forwardness to get the bill
rejected, before its provisions could lia exam ne.l or understood.
Not ontent with ilie oppositian made to the motion for leave to
bring in the bill, one o| my colleagues thought it his duty to
move the ijaestion of consideration. If ha had succeeded m that
movement, the bill would have been voted down by honorable
members, more thin three-fourths of whom cannot, even now,
tell their constituents what are ths provisions contained in it.
The motion for leave was carried by a small majority, and I
Tiave to thank a few of the more lioeral genlleinon who'support
the Administran >n for their courtesy in extending to me what
In I never be for  been denied to any member of the Houvs—
the privilege of introducing a bill'
Bit what couid have been the prompting motive to the ex-
traordinary course of ray colleagues and others who sustained
them1 Far tie it from me to impugn their motives; but "Hill a
rational curiosity may be indulget) n.i ibis point. The bill does
not propose to lay any tax, nor to appropriate, any mone>«, nor
to cre3iean ofli •«-, nor to increase the salary of one already cre-
ated; and as to the actual provisions of it, they will be found, on "
inrjuiry, to have been framed with special care to avoid iha in-
fringement of any constitutional right or piivilege; and, besides,
it would have been in the power of the House to modify and
amen I it bv sinking out everything th it might appear, upon
examination, to conflict with any sound principle. It is impos-
sible to dive into the thoughts of honorable members, but there
was something so remarkable in theii movements in relation to
this bdl, that we must be allowed to wander a little into the re-
gions of conjecture as to th;ir motives and designs.
It may hi t'nt many honorable gentlemen, impressed with
feelings of disirjst an I alarm, by the exaggerated descriptions
they had heard of the arbitrary and unconstitutional provisions
of me bill introduced into the Senate at the last session ol Con-
gress by a gentleman of distinguished worth and eminence from
Kentucky, and learning from minor that my bill was similar in
its provisions and objects, felt bound to resist it at every stage of
its progress. I can re* lily understand how gentlemen of very
Upright intentions may have acted under the impression that
they were resisting the introduction of another odious gag law,
so gross have bien the misrepresentations current in the country
in regard tothe bill of the Senate.
But soil it is síra'i je that so large a number of the gentleman
of this House should recoil at the idea of a gag law, and particu-
larly gentlemen who bdong to the majority. A gag Uw tin-
pjpuli- here! Why, it is the lavorite argument of power at
all lines. A gag la.v out oflavurin this House ! Why it is
notoriously the favorite «eapin of the inaj irity, especially in all
critical and nicely b tlanced ques-.ions. Why, sir, gag 'aw may
be said to be persoii'fied in this House. How often have I heaid
the hall-suppressed and despondent exclamations ofihe opp i-
nents ol some arbitrary pioceeding, upon observing the gen.le-
mm w'i«. by association, in his own person combires all ihe
terr«>rsof thi.'gag, a Ivancingdiwn the aisle to his well known
atan t, lhere to catch the Speaker's eye, and carry into execution
us inexorable decree, by moving the previous question! Olall
places in the civilized world, a gag law ought to find most favor
in .his House, judging from its own practices of late. Hot my
colleagues ! how can they, especially afier the practical lllus'ra-
tiun they have given of the w-q of thega^, utter one word against
it before the people, without a blush of shame upon the  cheek?
How ciutlidV, alter showing themselves so apt to practise it—
such adepts in its application to the business of this House—
return to their c.< nstnuems, anddecl.im ai'ainst a<;ag law? Is
it not extraordinary that gentlemen who claim to be the advo-
cates of the unrestricted right of speech should, at the very in-
«tuii of time at which they setup this prcien3;on, lu inish so sig-
nal an instance of the violation of their own principies? But my
colleagues may have had a very different object in view, in at-
tempting to have this bill thrown out, without con?¡deration or
A bate. They have doubtless a distinct recollection, logetlnr
with a very high estimate of the advamagesthey derived, during
the canvass ol ihe bi-t summer, from gross and scandalous mis
representations of the nature and objects of the late bill of ihe
Senate. .If my bill had been rejected un ler circumstances af-
fording plauaihle grounds for simitar o isoonstriicuon and per
versions among th; people, it would hive secured tothein iq i d
advantages in ilie political campaign of the next simmer aid
fall; it would have toll almirably lor their purposes to hive bad
it to say that my bill was ol so atrocious a nature, that ihe Hon ¡e
of Representatives rej cted it as unfit eve.n lor consideration?
Wii.u a Iruuful subject for the artful and unres'rained declauner
before ihepeopb I
Wnile the ye u an-1 nays were calling over upon ¡he mot ion
or leave lo miro lure the bill, my imuinaiion wit buy in
sketching an outline of the figure it was likely to malt  in ihe
ensuftig canvass in Tennessee, if the ui Kion should be lost. I
also amused mysell in conjecturing the terms in which I niizht
expect to be gaz;ited next morning in the columns of the offi-
cial journal, (the Globe ) Aid, although the contingency d d
not arise, which then appeared by no me .ns impr ..bible, yet
the sketch I then drew was si much in character wi.h the edi-
torials ol that journal, and so true a liken,ss of the many mis-
representations of my course and principles to be found in that
newspaper and others in the same seivice, that I cannot forbear
presenting it to the House. I am still of opinion that, bad my
mutton miscarried. 1 should have read in the Globe of the next
morning an editorial nearly in these words:
'•That notorious Federalist and deserter from the Democratic
ranks, (John Belt, ol Tennessee,) had the audacity, yesterday,
to ask leave ol the House to introduce a second edition of the
alien and sedition 'aw of 1798; but the prompt and vigilant spi-
rit uf Democracy, ever on the alert to guard the interests of ¡he
people, met this dangerous and daring attempt to destroy the
freedom of speech and of the press in the threshold; and saved
the Houseof Representativesthe deep degradation of having
its calendar polluted With   meaausc   o odious and despotic.
We congratulate the country upor ihe auspicious fact that a
majority of the House, of Rep-t-sentativea was foundso faithful
I   to iheir trust as to refuse eve,i to consider a  proposition so ut-
!   terly inconsistent with every principle of the irne Jetlersnnian
1   creed, to which.i'¡¿ ¡ne honor and glory of ourpany to adhere
¡   with the ¡nos'  rigid and inflexible consistency     Proof more
convincing and damningcannot he adducedI of liio fell and un-
alterable purpose of the whole Federal Whig and Abolition
party, should they o.iCe get into power, not to sutler one vestige
of the rights and liberties of the people to reimin, than the re-
'     newal of that abominable scheme of putting a gag int. i Ihe
month of every freeman in the land,  m order to screen them-
selves from the indignation and punishment with their nefarious
principles anil designs so richly merit, nnd which will Ivj sure
toba visited upon their heads if the people are permitted to
speak and to act nnrestiatned by the fear ol legal pains and
penal; tes "
'l hose gentlemen in ihe House who profes to he Democrats,
and consider themselves to be the exclusive guardians and
keepers of the sacred fire of liberty, have, with a few evcep-
tions, d neall that wis in their power to stigmatize me upon the
journals of the House as the author of a proposition so un-
reasonable and monstrous in its nature as to shock the feeling",
and to justify the violation of all courtesy, both parliamen-
tary and personal. In doing this, they have given me caile
blnnrlie—the amplest range both of attack ami defence, in
speaking of their public principles and Conduct, consistent
wilh tae'orderand decorum of parliamentary discussion. T*>ey
will therefore excuse ine if I a.ail myself of my priniege;
which, indeed, I mean to do
Proceeding with ali doe caution and delicacy, I mean (o tear
ofTihe mask of Dem «"racy and R publiranif.nl assumed by the
j.   opponents ol th s measure, both in and out of the House.   I
¡I   perceive that a number ol gon.lemen who claim to belong to
! ¡   the State Rights srhool have also ranged themselves under the
I     banner of unqualified hostility to every mearure of this kind.
I     I propose, also, to draw aside the thin veil with whkh they have
i     sought to cover over their bald Federal and consolidating prac-
tices.    The whole class of ps'udo Democrats and Republicans
who have signalized their zeal against the principles of this bill,
.     I shall attempt to prove have wholly departed from the ancient
landmarks of the Republican pirty.   These gentlemen profes3
to be Jelf'ersonians—to be the followers of Jefferson.   They the
followers of Jefferson !    What a profanation of the. name and
principles of Jefferson !   If ihey mean to say that Jefferson was
a hollow hearted demagogue, with the praises of Democracy
and s lund principles ever upon his lips,but a perfect contempt
for them always in his heart and practices, employing the terms
merely as catchwords and claptraps to delude and mislead the
credulous and ignorant, then may they have some  preteiceto
be called the followers of Jefferson.    But, sir, I will take, care
to establish that those gentlemen who claim tobe leaders of the
Republican or Democratic party, in opposing the principles of
thi  bill, have abandoned some of the most essential and vitil
principles in the creed of the great founder of their party, by
authorities so conclusive and irresistible that the vote which
tltcy gave,igai is'i'shall Etick tothein like the fabled shirt of
I      Nessüs. lbi the balance of their lives; and whenever in their
¡ futura career they shall claim to have lived up to the law and
,;   kept the faith as true Republican statesmen, even after every
other stain upon their political escutcheon shall have been
washed out, this one, like the blood upon Lady Macbetli's hands,
i   will remain; anJ their foes shall still have it in their power to
II    say,''Yei here's a spot!"   _.
1 now proceed to explain the object and provisions of the
bin.
The nnin scope and design of the mensure, as will he made
manifestas I proceed, aie, to reduce, to cut down, (he alarming
and sti 1 increasing powerand infloenceof the Executive branch
:    of the Govern ' en ; apo.vcrand influence already so enormous
it   as to thrc.u;ii a consolidation of all ihe powers of Goi eminent
H   in a single head.
j [      The pow r of the E-ecutive has been increased and rendered
¡   fiirundalreof li'ie, chuffy ilirough the abuse of ihe appom'ing
pow-r; the right asserted by the President and ihe he ails of De-
partments, of removing subordinate officers to subset vc party
'   purposes; and ihe interference of public officers in elections.
I      This bill looks to the accomplishment of its object clrcfly by
'   the increased protection and security it  prop ipe.i to  ihrow
i    around the elective fianchi e, with a view to prot ct ils purity,
!     its independence, and efficiency, as the true panacea of the Coil-
s' itution.
When we investigate closely ihe elements of the different
',   forms of government, we shall find that the elecive franchise
; i   constitutes ihe distinguishing feature of the free representative
I i   form; and it is, at the game tunc, its vital principle.    It is the
| j   precious iaheutance of every frce-h.pi citizen of this land,and
| j   the high privilege of those only besides, whom ihe Constitution
-. i   and laws allow to participate in its exercise, after due proba'.ion
1     of their sincerity and capacity to understand its ire and appre-
ciate its value.   To preserve it, free and  incorrupt, must then
j1   be thefi.'s! c.iro of eveiy Republican statesman.     I bold that
í ■    tl e presei vatl'Mi of Ihe lull grily and independence of the e!"C-
1i   live Irimch se is not less important iban the preset VRtinn of the
right rsil'"; us we value and would cherish the right, so should
we lake, care to protect it agiiiisl ev«ry influence which   is cil-
cula'ed 'o undermine its purity or destroy its freedom.   It is the
precious com of civ,1 liberty, current only in free States; and,
j'   like the gold and silver coin of commerce, in vaiueis jus-t in
!:   propmiion to its exemption from all deb.ising infusions and nd-
;     mixtures     Why. then, should it bo thought less important to
guard and protect this vital principle of our Government by
!'   penal sanctions, itian ihe subordinate interest and iustiumentof
j    tr.de—Ihe rurrentcoini
Í;      We hear much declamation about the freedom ofspeech and
¡    of'lie press, whenevcralaw ia proposed to secure the ballot box
!¡   against the improper intrusion and interfeience of public offi-
!    cf rs.   But why are the rijhts of speech nnd the freedom of the
I'   press held sacred?   What is their chief value in a free Go-
vernment when properly considered, if it be not to ensure the
.   pure, enlightened,and independent exercise ol ihe elective Iran-
i   chisel   He who would tamp r wilh this sacred and invaluable
!   right among the people— he who would deliberately seek to bring
the pationage and influence of (fiicial station in conflict with
its freedom, would not hesitate to invade the light itself, if a fa-
vor ible occasion should be presented; and hs who would do
eitlier, whatever he may profess, is at heart a foe to the liberty
an J free instituí innsof his country.
Now, as toihe provisionsof the bill. The first clause of the
preamble is the most important part of the whole bill. In-
da    if toe principle therein stated, ihaU be established or ad-
mitted to he sound, in the administration and practice of the
Goveriimen', the remaining provisions maybe dispensed with;
they will then become comparatively useless.   The clause in
question is inercly declaratory of a principle, and in these
words:
! |      "Whereas cnniplain's are made that officers of the United
i i   States, or peisons holding offices or employments  under the
1;   authority ol the. same, i.ther than tl e heads of he chief Execu-
tive Departments, or such officers as stand in the  relat on of
¡    constitutional advisers of ¡he President, have been removed from
j.   office  or dismissed   from their  employment   upon  political
grounds, or for opinion's sake; and whereas such a  practice is
manifestly a violation of the freedom of elections; an attack upon
the public liberty, and a high misdemeanor."
If it he inquired why I do not propose lo provide Egain3t ihe
\iolation of iho principle asseited in thisclaupe ol the pre-
amble by penal sanctions, I answer that, po far as regards the
President, (and he, after all, must ever be held mainly responsi-
ble for the abuse, of the appointing and removing powcr.)I con-
ceive we have not the constitti'iortal authority to punish him
for any violation of the duties of lus station, in any other form
than by impeachment—the mode prescribed by the Constitu-
i tion. I will not interrupt the main argument by going further
; I   into the reasons for limiting our action on this point toa simple
I     declaration of ihe principle, "that u is a high misdemeanor to
|:   remove a public-officer fopromote the interests of party."    I
! shall feel quite we'd assured that no President or head of a De-
j partment «ill venture upon so grosr.au abuse of his high trust,
: if it shall once bn snlelmnly settled by a vote of Congress ¡hat
. it is an impeachable offence. I have, in tins bill, proposed the
. only mode of redress for this abipe which appears to me tobe
i i op'n to us—except ihe moving an impeachment for some act
, of wanton removal already perpetrated—ntuch I might do
', upon the most solid grounds of fact and principle, but in
j: which I know I could not be sustained by this House or by the
.   Senate.
¡ I have promised my State Rights friends on both stdea of the
; House, who have taken ground against this bill, to show them,
as in a glass, how they must stand in all future time when
I measure 1 by the true Republican standard. As to the Demo-
■'. cratsof the modern school, I do not conceive that any valuable
!; purpose can he effected by satisfying them of the extent of their
departure from Ihe faith which they profess.
Then as to thispowirof removal by the President, with or
without cause; whence it is derived'!   In what clause of ihe
Constnuion do you find it expressly given, or in whaterantof
an e press power d) you find this one given by Implication!
Sir, have you, as a member of the Slate Rights school, ever
been ab'e to point out the clause from which you can derive it,
according to the principles of construction by wjiich you pro-
fess to be guided?   I am sure you never have.   But it is almost
as difficult to derive it from any clause of the Constitution what
ever, by any implication not evidently forci d, and going beyond
the less restrictive rules of construe! ion adopted by the Federal
school of politicians.   Neither Mr. Hamilton nor Mr. Jefferson,
the antipodes of each other in their mode of givins effect tothe
|    Cons itution, could agree that the President was authorized by
;i   his sole authority  to remove n public officer  for any cause
,'   whatever.   In fact, the powerexists no where in the Cnnstitn-
. i   tion; it is the mere creature of construction and practice; it
II    stands even upon worse grounds than these—it is a construction
| j and practice adopted in the very teeth of a clear and satisfactory
| implication foibidding iis exercise. The. fourth section of the
I]   second article of the Constitution piovides a particular form of
j proceeding for the removal and punishment of the President ani
¡. all other civil officers, supeiior andsuboidinate.
i ¡ 'Toe President, Vice President, and all civil officers of the
U.dted States, shall he removed from office on impeachn ent
I for, and conviction of, treason, bribery, or other hiedi crimes nnd
¡    misdameanors *'
|        Now, sir, according to that sound and well  l:n wn rule of
cn'trticiion so applicable to written constitutions as wellas to
I    all otherco.iip-ictsand n^rec-menis, ''the expression of an alfir-
'   mauve concludes a negative, or, as in 'his case, the appoint-
ment  of a particular mode of affecting an object implies a ne-
gat'-nn of all olhcr modes of doing the same thing, the Prcsi-
I    dent is, by this clause of the Constitution, p^ohibi.ed from re-
j    moving any civil officer, for any cause whatever.   A stronger
implication cannot be shewn than that which mises from this"
¡     clause nsairis-. the power of removal by the Picsiilent, so far as
j    civil officers are concerned.   The prohibition is rendered more
!    manifest by theomisslon to include military officers, who were
!     left to be removed by the President, as  commandcr-in chief of
i!   the army and nnvy.
. j      But I have gone into this argument for no other purpose than
; 1   to show my State Rights friends, and all others who call them-
!     selves Republicans, how far, very far, they have strayed   from
;,   ibeir principbs, in opposing this bill—to expose the hollow de-
¡|   cl.unation wtveh we every day hear in this Hall andout ol ir,
¡i   on the dangers of Federalism, which, in the continued exercisa
i ¡   ofiTi pi led powers, would draw every thing in the sphere ot
¡i   Fe.der.il conrol; on the danger of consolidation from the in-
'I   creasing po*er and influence of the central Government.   It is
\'   lime ih se pro essious should cease, or thai iho«e who make
!   them f-houid be compelled to carry ihem out in their [rscuc.e.
I;   If they really mean tc restore the Constitution, by  healing Ihe
.    breaches which Lave be 'n made in it, by the exercise ot ¡m-
I   plied powers, they s'nocild begin by denying this poner of re-
.,   moval to the President.   When they think proper hereafter to
l   declaim upon the r.ecissiiy ol hiioging the vessel of s t:ite back
¡   tothe-'Republican tack;" on ihe importance ofatih:ring toa
1    stnet construcionoí the  Cons'iiution; when they denounce   a
i   b mk and ¡eternal improvements and the assumption ofjJtate
!     debtsas unconstitut final, because the power over those subjects
i    isdeiived by implicaiirn, merely, I truct, for ihe sake of a de-
i    cent regard for consistency and candor, they will hereaftert'e-
!     nounce tlie power of renoval by (he President as equally un-
constitutional; nay, as doing greater violence to their rules of
l    construction than all of ihem put together.   That this power
has been assumed upon  the slightest of all possible impli-a-
|    tions, none will deny.   This is clear from the debate   wktcb
i     took place when it was first claimed.    The  question arose in
I     17S9, upon a clause of the bill  to establish ihe Treasury De-
¡   partment,  which provided  that   the   President should have
power to  remove  the Secretary.   Mr.  Madison, the leading
champion for the power, it is clear from his whide argument,
took   his eround wuhout the slightest   reflection upon  the
c'anirerous" nature of the precedent  he was  lahorirej  to es-
tablish, as throwing the door wide open to the, exercise of
implied powers.   Two years later he would not have com-
mitted this error, as is evident enough from the course k«
