838
26XH C0N0«"«l8T Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
> \ sV
April, 1840.
Freedom of Elections—Mr. Bell.
H. ol Reps.
of his own piny inJ heviel.ted .  leltictait acqu esreoca in a
more r.gorousc «usa th\n .mo  i 1.1 gm¿ u approved, though
not «h >lutely«t variance wi'h Ins avowed prim iploe.
(Mr. Adam* rose and asked Mi It i h> had t.ver read ano-
ther lettert  I."ti I.1 iieoln, m wuch Mr. Jefferson deilaied I119
4lftrriiin liJii(o renwve. Mr Jack.-oo. iid ¡vked Mr. Hsix s
(ttwivn 10 tha' le'ter )
I h ve in unprvrdion, resumed Mr B i'.i.it I have read suoh a
Jevsr. buu'o rot remtmberno tin ig inconsistent wiihwhall
hive state Í on the subject 01 Mi  JetieisonVopintons
[Mr. Adams <md it would bo found tlut Mr. J. re inved Mr.
Jackson |<uu)om^e without any pretext tx.ept a difference ot
po'u.cal opinon )
Mr B resumed. I have turned to the I.<tter alluded to, an!
the passage In relation to this sum eel 1 find I had marked lor
reference    P 13 in these words
"We are proceeding gradually in the regeneration of offi'es,
and introducing Republicans to sol   sha.eol them I do not
know that 11 will !h- pushed luither ilian was settled beloreyou
went away, except as to Essex n en I und-'isund that Jick-
soms a very overturned on-, though, in piivaie h e, amu ile
and homxa'de. Bat amiable raotwclUEts are not s:fe subjects
of repub'iean confidence, '
It is evident, Hum ihis letter,that Mr. Jeff rson persuaJvl
himself at least, th*t he was no; depaifng ¡rom Ins atonal
principles 11 displacing Mr. Jaeksm. Hy «king the «round
thatMr Jack«on wasa. monarchist,Mr J shon d his opinim
of thi snund.iPssof his for.rte ' principles, and sought to distin-
guish the ca-e of the "Essex men ' tn>m a!! others ¡,1 winch
th-re was merely a difference ot political sentimen's. lie had
writ'en to Mr. Mic-m in a former letter that he litd directed
the Postmaster General to employ "no p-inter, foreigner, or
Revi.utioniry tory 111 any of his offices " lie ad'-, in the
case of Jarkto.i, to this list ol di-qua'i3¿d poison*, monar-
chists,
[Mr. Adams said Mr. Jacks  was not on'y a p?rsoi of great
private woiab, but  s pure and sound a Republican 111 princi-
ple and feeing asany man in th' r.i.tsds  iies. His di't inig
wlthtnan ahijt iV policy oí me G ivernoieot, er the proper
construction ol the Constitution, made hiiTi neither toi> nor
monarchist. The truth was. Mi J.ílerson regarded eve,> man
as a tory or minarcljst v. ¡10 was opposed to Iiiui; and lie bad
removed Mr. Jacks, n for no other reason ]
Mr. B. resume 1 I should be son y to be understool as af-
firmiag tha; Mr Jirkson was either a \ory or a nioiisrrh.st I
do njtdjtibt that ha was fully entu'ed 10 the ch .racier given
hiT by uae gent'emia Irom Massachusetts; but, w liet iei he was
ths one thing 01 the other, d íes no', affect ray aigtnient. 1
would fain hope, for the sake of princ.p e, and mat the coun-
try may have the fa 1 weight and infl jence of the name of Jef-
ferson 1.1 at ui-cg di.s power of removal upon correct gu unds,
that he was ..ice,e.and really believed Mr. Jackson to be a
monarchic'., li.it, it it was otherwise, I contend that the reces-
■ity Mr. Jefferson fell iii.nself un''er of assigning some 01! er
cause for the removal of Mr. Jackson than an ordinal y d.'ltr-
ence of political opinion showed wLat his principles were, and
tha'he wa 1 ashamed to depart from them in that cise. If Mr.
¿iflereon did vio ate hiso.vn principbs, in this respect alone
h' may bear somereiembii.ee to his professed followers o the
present day—the modern Democrats; and in that they ma) tru-
ly lie ree-irded as his disciples.
Mr. jeflirsor/s violati ms of his own principles must bese'
diwn to liisinfirn'uyasa man. rnfonunate, indeed, wool 1 11
beforthe counir., and for society itself, if no principle is tobe
regudíd as sound which was ever violated by Ui03e who pto-
fcssed i'. Mr Jefferson has undoubtedly left tot the guidance
and inslrtic'rm of his countrymen the purest and soundest
principles applicable to thissub,ect. 1 regret, on the public ac-
count, thai mere exists the shall'est reason to suppose tha'he
was not entirely «inrere in his professions; and it is manifest,
fiim the fir; ¡hit his correspondence,in which his princip'es
onthN su' jerr are so clearly set firm, was pub'ished by huer-
p.essdireL'ion. ihathe continued to regard them as miuihI to
the rióse oí h.s life.
I mw propose to come flown to our own times for some fur-
ther eonfirmatnn of the doctrines of my bill. There arc but
few oftln leadeis of both parties in this country, at this time,
wh • do not remember something about a famous resolution
inu-oiticed into this House by General Saunders, member from
North Carolina: the same who st.ll figures in the politics i.l
h'S State. Ttie res du'ion proposed to diaw from the Secretary
of Sute (Mr t'i.iy) htsreason for taking away the pnnfngof
the laws from some two or thr-e prm era ol newspapers, and
bestowing ike job upon certain other conductors of public
j rarnal . Tnat resolution had the s'ip,iort of ihe whole opposi-
tion to Mr. A lamp's administiatton; so jealous wjs ihe Jackson
(now Democratic) party of the independence, not or ly of pu jlie
officers, but ofthe Government employees of every kind ' Mas '
sir, for the wit ck of principle sine thai time. Butlre'e- to
that prc-eeilinz 1 ow pr.ncipally with tl.e view to quote from
the speech ofthe mover of the reioluii n w'.i ithe said upon the.
subject of remova's for opinion's iake. The passaje I re'y
upon is in these word-
"The diffeifnt gentlemen who have opposed this resi'n<ion
hive all placed it up«n the ground that the printer" of ihe laws
were neither officers for hie nnrgmil behavior, but were ap-
pointeil e.t the discrtt on of the Secretary of Stale, ;md liable to
bichan?*' a> his pleasure. Now, sir, it requited no eieat
sagicny to have made the disrovery, asnoono c<iil I believe it
eorop'-'tent for the Sscre ary of State, bald and dan,is a, h  p,
to removp a man fn>j¡ oüice conferred unon hnn by the c/)psii-
iutional authorities. It may suit ihe present polu y oí ihe lx-
ecutive tn coifera''Poin*.nienu>, yel they can hardly undertake
to vacate an office.''
80, sir, we s"e that, as late as 1P27, no member of any par'y
in this country ever imagined thin ihe time wou! I ooniewhen
ihe practice ¿«"removms public ifrirers. on polmril ciounds,
would be openly p-oclalmed and ¡us'ified. But I mijl.t ivfer
to higher authority than General 3¡under , and abite one al«o.
The late Idmiotstraiion 13 known to have com  into p^wer as
tho reform and ant -pro-ier ption p*rty; and the first inaiigiir.il
atldressof General Jjckson begins with the=e solemn an impos-
ing wonls:
"Fnhl c sentiment has inscribed," &c.
But I need notquo'e it at length—the bots of the country will
know what 1 mean. The coiicIufioii of the paragraph, how-
ever, being now directly in point, 1 will read, which is in these
"And particularly the correction of those abuses which have
disturbed the riihtful course ofappmn*menta, and continued im-
portant pub'ic trusts in unfaithful or incompetent hands."
In what manner General Jackson proceeded In the correction
olili m< abuses which liad been commuted by the appoim ng
and i< uuiMi.g powti under Mr A lams',- admin's i,iti m, I will
not now umlerake to pomt out, nor will 1 n quire wl.odier the
uiiprerei'ente I number d removals whi h mok" pl.'fa under the
late Ad 1 1 ru =T 1 i'.on, wore madewanlonlv, for 11 dilference of po-
ll i.'a! 0p1.1K.11, or foi bettercause, nor wh ther, v.-i li or Wi Imu!
any ¡rood cause. General Jackson was pnvv 01 cnnsi'n'ln; there-
to, whether he was the wilful or the invnluntaiy dupe ofthe
nrtfi'l koavesantl flatterers who beset him, or whether, In fact,
he ciaiuid his opinion, as some of his fnem's allege, alter he
wa^ te. power ashoittime, as to what would or would not bean
a'n.5eol ihe appointing and rem >vmg power Heave all thes'
qnestinns lor others to discuss and decide It is enough for my
present purpose t 1 have shown that whrn General Jackron
came into p iwt r, the temoval of a pub'ic offi'ei or the retam'ni;
one in oRee, to subserve party purposes, was ifgarded asa glosa
abase, which required correction.
A rnlleagne ot nvne said the other day, 'ha' he hid of late
heir! scarcely any thing elss 111 Tennc-s<"e batt'ie ciy of pro
scription, extravagance, pntronagn—a rediitttot of r.\ecu',te
p.vronage' If my colleague will e#rry h.s though's bark to 'he
penoj ot the administration of the gentltman wh >st's nnr me,
[Mr. Adams,] h  may find some cam" f r solemn r flection
upon fie snange vicissitudes which occur 10 human pffi'rs.
When struggling for power, the party wuh which my colleague
is now a-soeiated, were thepu.suers. They fil'ed the whole
coo iiry with iheir clamors about extiavngance pio-cnp:ioi,
ab'ne of patronage, and unlicensed conup'i >n in the Ailmir.is-
tritinn, tluiehy ihlmliiig tens of thoi'saiids, old and j oung. 111-
clui'ingolten ihe intelligent as well astlie ignoian' "N"ap,-"tl-ey
are i,i turn pursued; and when they are a^-nlec! with the crv of
ev'ravegance, pro-cuptioo, and corruption they oomnla'n ol"
pprsTCiton' when, for Twelve millions ol expend'tures under
Mr Aihins'sad oirisirinon, th^y hive exprr kd the r annual
thirty million ; when, 1 ir oneactofnn'icpiisertriurt'p ion under
1,13 rule, they no nh,-r their hundred; when, '"u one rran re-
move' or piosciibed under Mr. Adams's idininist'.a'Kin, thiy
hive proscub-d their thousand I
As to ihecr.nsutuuonal power of the President to remove a
sub ii'hnate f.'hcer for a difference 'if political opinion, I will
say nonnre than sn ply to ask ginilcncn to itxtir again to
that clause of the Cons itntion which pi ovules that all evil r.fri-
cers may be rennved fromoifice upon conviction fir "iren'on,
felony, and other high crimes and misdemeanors;" and, ?e'-t
they have done s , to put the question to them e!ve*, whether
any thing can be more supremely absurd, and even ridiculous,
than this provision in theConsti'.ulton, if the Pre=it'ent wis, by
the same lnsmnient, vested with the power, by his sole a 1 ho.
nty, not only to remove for 'feason, felony, and other high
crimesand misdemeanors " but for no reason at all—without
any default whatsoever in the officer'' The object of thia
clmse in the Coi'titii'ion was, undoubtedly, in the fhsi place,
to provi 'e for the removal of public officers who had disqua'i-
fieil themselves for the public service by their crimes, or the
abuse or gioss neglect ol their tiusts; and, second'y, to throw
around Ihecivili ffioerihe same protection and security, in the
enjoyment ol their rights, privileges, and emoluments, but,
aboie all, thf ir good name, against a'l tyrannical and arbitrary
invasions or restrictions that the Constitution and laws, bo'h of
the State anj of the Federal Governments, are so careful to
maintain and 1 rotert in the private citizen- The genius and spi
rit ol our whole scheme and system of civil liberty are directly
opposed to the discretionary and arbitrary control which the
P. eudentciaims and exercises over the public officers
There is one pretext which 1 have sometimes heard advarc d
for the exercise of this power of removal, without any default
on the par' of the displaced officer, which deserves to be noticed
and ex|i we I, net so much for the absence ol plansih'c reasons
to support it, asforthe hypocritical and mischievous use made
of it. I allude to the principio of rotation in office. There is
m man oi observation in the who'e country, I venture 10 as.
serf, who is so credulous es to believe that a single íemoval has
ever been made on that ground; nor is it probab'e that one ever
will be made for that reason A great and decisive objection
to this principle is, that it would add greatly to the power and
influence of the Executive, without benefi ing the public in the
t-ligli est degree; for, whatever might in any r ise be the secret,
selfish, or even wicke,! object of removal, the pretext alleged to
the puilic would ever be ''rotation in cifre;" and ihusthaEx
ecuiive would he able 10 reward his friends and punish h;s ene-
mies w •! out any n! ihe odium which attaches to the removal
of a faithful and able officer.
Time and the compass of a speech wi'l not allow rtie'o dwell
lorgerupon this branch ofthe subject. 1 have already ex
hau.sttd my stiengih, and I fear the patience ofthe House. I
have dwelt thus lor g upon that provis-on of the bill which pro-
poses a remedy'or the abuse of the removing powtr, because,
as 1 h-ivj already stated, I regard it as by lirthc most important
pail of if. The siib.ect has been a favorite one with me for
years I look upon the abuse which I propose to remedy by
this clause of the bill as them stcryingai.d enormous that ex-
ists in the ciHHitiy. The correction of it I behevoto be the first
and greatest re'orm demanded by the exigencies of the times;
by ih  rras of evdswhi'hexist^m the land; by tfe opprobrium
anddegr ulat.on m>dor which oursystemof G ivernmentsuffers.
Neithei the qucsfor of a Sub-Treasury nor oi a bmk nor any
question of pence orof wai pver likely to an e, is of so great
importance, fitcaosc, sir, ibis chscieiior.aiy power of lerno-
va', fxerris'd up in political am! party gi ni.ds, is the pro'ific
source of every other abuse which exist1- in die public service.
It niters ifio nod pervades every deparr.ent ofthe Govern-
ment it «trdies at the very foundation of a'l fidelity and efhci-
er.cv in the public functionaries; it fills the public offices with
faithle'S and incompetent incumbents, and exppls from employ-
ment the honest and capable.
Ii [iaralj7.es the energy and efficiency of the army and nivy
hy the introduction of a system of favoritism which destroys all
l.onorab'r emulation and hope ol prefermer t by gallantry and
good cond ct.
It has been the sorrce of all the. Indiin wars with wh'ch thsj
cou'ttry has been afflcled and the Treasury exhausted within
tha last ttii years.
It n is been ihe sonrce of all the. shameful abuses, fraud", and
con options known to exist in the sale and disposition of the
pub'tc lands.
It has bten the source of the still greater frauds, if poisib'e.
which have abounded of late in the department of Indian Af-
fairs.
It has been the source of the improcedente 1 defalcation!
and plundering  of tho public Treasury which Lave re.
fleeted disgrace upon ihe national character wi hin the last few
yeais.
f<ir, w' may long continue to mves'igale lh"se abuses in this
II tuse, and denounce the authors of them to the ptihlic in the lan-
guige ol f .1 ''mil unqualified lmecnvc; butthry n.ust at.d v. ill
cont'nue toabount' is Inn ras t lie delegable iiiavnii, that places
ot trust and profit iielon.  not to the m >st capable in office, hutat
the polls, 1  permitted to ¡a ipd unreb'i'ied.
II ever it -hall become the settled doctiine that the Presi-
dent miv righifu'ly, and with impunity, remove the smallest
and most hconside. tide civil olftcer, bsráuso he will not sup-
port hn meisuiei, 01 sustain his reelection, it will be the
most lata! s ab which can be given to the spun of fieedom m
this country.
If sucha'doctrine shall ever find advocat s to justify it suc-
cess'ul'y before the people, then I affirm there tvi'l lie no longer
any -ecu ry in the Constitution for tbe liberties of the cour.liy.
Any bold bid mana' tho head ol th Government—a min pos-
sesinv tolerable ability, may defy the corn cuve of the ballot-
box. He w\'l b" able to perpetuate power in himself and his
app unteesforever.
What will be t! e value of the boasted power ofthe ballot bvs
if the Execu'u e may so use his enormous patronage as to pa-
ralyze the action 01 the peopl- atth" poliVl
What will thedoctun 'Of strict construction "nd Siate rights
bo wo/th—what will it avail the advocates of thore riahis, if,
afterthey shall have put down all appropriations for int mal
improvements, established the theory th it a protecuve tariff
antl a Nrionil Bink are unconstitational—Wat securities, I
repeat, wdl these tnumphs afford them, if, after all, the country
may be destined to groan un lera system of heavy t ixat'on; op.
piessive tariffs, to support large aimios and navies, raised to
main', in thraiithou y of adictator, under the disguise ofa con-
stitutional P.esident, o\er a prostrate, oppressed, and suftlr.i.g
people?
Sir, the liberties and welfare of the people of this rovr try are
not, and never will be, son'uchjpoparded by the eierci-eofim
plied powers as lioni th" ab'isr of a lmitledones—'he powei of
lais.n™ armies, the powerof making war, and, abne all. tl a
pow rof appointing to a hundred tho ¡sand lúcrame eni.doj.
men's, and trefurther powerof makingihisliosl of mpuii b-n's
subservient toExecutive will, through theassumed powtr of re-
moval fordisobe hence of ordeis!
I repeat, sir, that there is mote danger to be apprehended from
the Pi-rcise of this apparently small and incoo iderable power
of removing a subordinate officer at discretion, than fiom the
exercise nf allthe implied powers ever contended for hy the moü
extravagant latttadinirian or ultra Federalist'
Th's evil, like the-low and insidious disease wheh preys
upon the human system, unobserved even by the patient luni-
seif until his vi als are assailed, is, I fear, destined to be ful'y
developed to public view when it will be too late to provide a
remedy. So deeply, so strongly, do I feel upon this suhjec—so
firmly rooted are my convictions—that I vvtll not, I cinnot, re-
gard this or any other Government as free while such a power
is permitted in a single Executive chief. Such a Govirnment
is obliged, in the necessary and mevi able course of things, to
terminate in a tlespottsm, l.pheld ei'her by ronuption or the
sword' Wherever the entire patronage of a Government—of
all its official establishments, is at the disposal of one-man,
there the whole power of the State centres in the same hands;
the voice that issues from the ballot box is then but the echo of
his own. All past experience, all history, speaks with the same
roiceon this question.
A reform of this great and growing evil must take place
sooner or later, or this Government cannot stand and le free '
I come now, sir, to explain the second branch of the reme-
dy proposed by the bill under consideration; and one, 111 every
way, of si'borcíinate importance to the first; for if the abuse
complained of in the exercise of the appointing and remot ing
powershal! be corrected, there will be no necessity for petal
enactments to suppress the abuse I am now about to brng to
your notice, it will be found to be but a consequence ol the
first.
Thesecond section ofthe bill prov'des:                       ,
"That no officer, agent, or contr-ctor, or other person hold-
ing any office or employment of trust or profit, under the
Constitution an 4 laws of the United Sta'e«, shall, by the contn-
butionof money or any valuable thing, or by the use ofthe
franking privilege, or the abuse ol any other official privilege,
or function, or by threats or menaces, or in any other manner,
intermeddle in the election of any member or members nf
either House of Congre-s, or of the President and Vire Piesi-
dent," Ac.
lam aware that great prejudices have been excited in many
sections of the Union against any measure ol this natuie, by
the zeal and industry hy which the bill of 'he Senate 01 1 .-1
year was misrepreren ed ard denounced. Nor can it be de-
nied ihat the wording of that bill was unfortttnite; for While
tbespnitand object of it were perfectly defensible end of easy
explanat on, jet its details were at the same tine liable to
some exception, an! afforded plausible grounds for attacks
upon it before the peop'c ndattackedit w, t, fir, tn the moft
furious spin' of party warfare. It was the theme of peipe'.ucl
and unrestrained denunciation. It ws declared to be more
odious and infamous than the alien and sedition laws. It was
declared to le the forerui.ncr of a train of mea^i res which
would renew the rei;n ofterro1-, and revive all the enormi'ics
of the black cockade period of 179^' The people were actu-
ally u duced, in many instances, to believe that they were to
have a gag put into th ir own mouths, as well as "the public
officers
Th  descriplnn of the offence piopneed to be punished by my
bill wis copied word for word, from a bill of asimilar nature
introduced by mc three years ago; and I ask a candid examina-
tion of H f reque , it to be bpiught to the strictest test of con-
stitutional principle, nf reason, and sound policy.
The cmtnhut on of money, or other valuable thinff.by pub-
lic officers, fir the purposeof influencing or controlling elec-
tions, is the lntorlerei e first enumerated, and proposed to be
prohibited by law Is Hiere, or can there be. any lust exce[-
non 10 thupioposmn 1 Is it fit that any poiuonoi the-alailes
paid to the publ'c r fficers, out of the Common treasure, shall be
given to corrupt the ballot-hok. and to carry eler'ions in favor
of apartvl Sime are hardy enough to deny that such a practice
prevails;'then the prohibition of v can do no injury, while the
very dci ial of the th.oge phows a prevailing sense, among
many, ofthe enornvty of such a practice..
The next species of interference pioposed to be punished is
the use of the frarkingpnvi'ege, which implies necessarily an
abuse of it. Who wiTl dare to find fault with this part of the
bil 1 or who will, or who dare, justify an abuse pf this or any
