May, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE COíÍGfcÉSSlONAL GLOBÉJ.
835
26th Cono«"«1st Sbu.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Smith.
Senate.
dersl Government, whan the President, calling to his aid a sub-
atrviant post, an arfiua'ed and pensioned press, and a trained
band of olH-.«•holder , (* hundred thousand strong,) holding
their place  by the tenure of party service, and receiving pay
and promotion exactly upon the sa:n  principles thst officers
a  paid air! promoted in a well-regulated army, shall be able to
carry the State ele «¡oris with the sama ease with which he con-
trol  the Federal)
Bui I go Author; I ask the gentlemen of the State rights
school to"answer me, whether a potential ami practical consoli-
dation of al! the powers of Government has not already taken
place, and been in operation tor years? Are not the followers
of the Administration, the people who have given a blind a«d
unqualified support t j the Federal Executive in the States, the
«un* people (leaders inclusive) who elect, through the same
party organization, the majority of the members of the State
Legislature; who, in turn, send a tool of the Federal Executive
to u  Senate; and are they not the same people who have sent
a majority of the members to this House, and thus consolidated,
CD every practical purpose, our entire complex system, as it ex-
main theoiy, into one simple machine, worked by a single
hand— the Pns>id««u?
When, by the aid of party discipline and the spoils principle,
a perfect coali;ion and idemity of feeling, interest, and action
have taken place between S;ato and Federal politics—State and
Federal elections—between State and Federal patronage, and
ike one is made to chime in and give support to the other, in a
majority of the States—what is this but consolidation?
When it has come to pass that in many of the States a com-
inoráoster is kept of favorite applicants for office, State and
Federal—for Stale and Federal spoil; when the State caucuses
or juntos decree who shall fill a vacancy arising by removal or
otherwise, whether in a Federal or State employment, and the
President, as the head of the party, if it be an offke under the
Federal Government, is bound to' ratify the selection—what is
this bin consolidation1?
When the President, in this manner, acts in the double capa-
city of chief dispenser of the patronage of the Federal Govern-
ment, and ex officio ctutrruin or presiding officer of an organ-
lied party association extending over the Union, and which
U Identified in feeling, object, and interest with the majority
which rules the executive and legislative action of the
States themselves—what is this but consolidation? And what
does or has prevented the Federal Executive from
dictating the measures and policy of the States upon any
subject whatever? Though it may be true that the President
cannot enact a single law relating to the currency or the banks,
or internal improvements in any one of the States, does that im-
pair his power, as long as his recommendations are received
as the decrees of the party, and obeyed as such? Thus it has
happened that, while our modern State Rights friends are de-
claiming against internal improvements, a protective tariff, and
  United States Bank, an J denouncing them because they lead
to consolidation, lo! a consolidation of all actual power is
already vested in the President; for he is the actual depositary
of all power who iaflueices and controls the action ot all the
departments of Government, both State and Fedeial; and as
long as the President has the means at hand to secure a majo-
rity of the people of the States, he is necessarily absolute in au-
thority!
Tea, sir, a practical consolidation has existed for years; and it
only remains to be seen whether the Government can be le-
siored to its constitutional action. What would it now avail to
laave Congnss, as in times past, to go home, and throw our
stive  into the Legislatures of the States, thosa boasted strong-
hoUsof liberty, those impregnable fortresses, where a success-
ful sued, it was supposed, could always be made against Fede-
tal usurpation? When you shall get there, yon will find the
same powerful band controlling every movement which you
•n here—yon will find the same secret, invisible and
yet irresistible influence, paralyzing and defying all opposi-
tion diere,just as we have often witnessed in this House—there
yon will find the same unlimited and unqualified support of
Executive measures, right or wrong, which has so long cha-
racterized Congress. In fine, you will behold party and party
< * interests omnipotent, and riding over every thing there, asevery
where else.   U this not consolidation?
Melancholy as the truth may be, yet so it is, that, under the
prevalent system of party tactics, with the aid of the spoils
principle, the President, the Senate, and the House of Repre-
sentatives, the appointing officer and his council, the impeach-
ing or inquisitorial body, and the State Executives and Legisla-
tarea, have the same electors, the same constituency, and are
all under the control of one man ! The Senate is no longer a
check on the appointing power of the President; the House,
at the impeaching or inquisitorial body, has lost all its terrors;
nor are the States or their Legislatures any longer a check upon
Federal power. All the checks and balances contemplated by
the Constitution are defeated and annulled in practice. The
President, so far from being liable to be called to account or
checked by either of the other departments of the Government
or by the States, is in fact their master, and controls them !
Let me not be told that this vast fragment of ill got en power
and influence is already beginning to totter; that it is no longer
that formidable and impregnable lodgment of lalse men and
fals  principles which 1 have described. What has been may
happen again; and, whatever may be the fate of this Adrm-
oaxration, I am convinced that, il it shall be overthrown, it
will be by a rare combination of circumstances, and such as
can scarcely be expected to occur again in a century.
Mr. Speaker, my judgment informs me that I ought here to
close my rematks, butmy feelings still inpel me on. I cannot
refrain torn presenting to the House and country «ome further
view  connected with this subject which are constantly present
to my mind.                                              ,                      , ..
I have already and repeatedly expressed my opinion of the
',      importance of retrenching the power and influence of the Ex-
',      ecntive-, of the imperious necessity of correcting now, while we
i      may.those abuses which have creptinto our system, unless we
are oreDared to see the Constitution, our glorious plan of civil li-
i      berry, go down and be lost forever.   If the prosent state of
,      things shall continue, with all their aggravations, our system
eunot last;   the  legislative   department especially  can no
,      longer perform its appropriate functions.    This fatalspoils
principle; of which I have already said so much, has at last de-
veloped itself to public view, in its effects upon the proceedings
;      andthe character of this House, in a most striking manner.
We have lately been warned by the official organ that this
body is in dangerof becoming so degraded that ere long itmay
cease to be respected as a co-ordinate branch of the Govern.
Sir, twihi • BwU-eWy «««, *ad no man who has
been a  witness to our proceedings can deny or gainsay it,
Alas! sir, it is but too true.   As to any effective purposes, such
as were designed by the Constitution, this bodv has failed,
signally   failed, during  the  present session.   Have we   not
become the laugh, the scorn, the by-word, not only of men of
sense, whether at home or abroad, but of the great body of the
people?   I  have within the last few years addressed many
and numerous assemblies of the people, under circumstances
of great  excitement—assemblies  untrained,   altogether  un-
taught, in the conventional forms and ceremonies ol legisla-
tive bodies—assemblies often convened in the open air—before
whom the heated and excited leaders and partisans on both
sides appeared and debated all the agitating topics of the day;
but in no instance—in no such assembly—have I witnessedso
little self respect, so reckless a disregard of the decencies and
propiieties due upon such occasions to the great interests of
the Constitution—to the character and preservation of our com-
mon country—as I have witnessed from day today in this House
during the present session.   Isay this^ irrespective of narties.
Is there any gentleman within my hearing who thinks ido in-
justice to our proceedings?   We have,-so far, failed altogether!
As a legislative body, we have become, for the time, imprac-   '
ticable,  inefficient—absolutely paralyzed,  palsied in the dis-
charge of our duties—our great  constitutional duties!   1 he
Treasury, we have been repeatedly  told, is exhausted.   The
Government, if not actually bankrupt, is upon the eve of bank-
ruptcy.   But the wailing cry of an exhausted Treasury—the ho.
nor of the Government—has not been sufficient to arrest or di-  ;
vert the attention of the House from a class of questions more
deeply rooted in favor and interest.   The interest of party; the
spoils interest; the spoils principle, reign triumphant here I and
not only here, but in almost every part of the Union besides.  It
is come to this, that we cannot organize the  House, we cannot
electa Clerk or a Printer, but in strict reference to paity ascen-
dency, and the possession of the spoils; nor is any other ques-
tion or matter regarded as of the slightest weight or considera-
tion, when coming in conflict with these  superior and para-
mount interests I   The breaking up of the House in riot and dis-
order—disorganization itself, imposes no restraint in a conflict
for the spoils.   You need not flatter yourself, sir, that the high
station which yon fill, and to which I was considered an aspi-
rant, was the chief cause of such intense excitement and agita-
tion.   No, no, sir! that would have been more honorable to the
character of our proceedings. You, Bir, have no patronage.   It
was a contest for the control and distribution of the patronage
connected with the offices of the Clerk andPrinter to the House!
It was aquestion who should have the distribution of the hun-
dred thousand dollars to be expended in supplying stationery,
and doing the printing of the House !   For such an object, the
whore country was thrown into alarm, and all established modes
of proceeding set aside and disregarded!   I mean not this as a
rebuke, nor as a censure upon one party only.   I consider the
remark as applicable to the subject.   I have never spoken of
this detestable spoils doctrine as tainting one party only; though
I trust I am justified by the fact, when I state that it is more
particularly the doctrine of one party than of the other.   But I
call upon my Whig fiiends from those States in which this doc-
trine prevails to any extent, to reflect upon recent events.   I
conjure them—I invoke their patriotism upon this subject, in
putting down this dangerous and patal policy.   I ask them if
they have not already had sufficient warning of the inevitable
results to which this'principle must lead?   Three years ago I
predicted that riot, violence, and bloodshed must soon attend our
elections in those sections in which the public offices are made
th? chief incentives to political agitation.   Little did I imagine
then that, in less than two years from that time, so signal and
memorable an illustration of nearly all I had  foretold would
be furnished, as the scenes at the opening of the  Legislature.
at Harrisburg exhibited.   Nor still less  did it enter into   my
imagination that wewere, at so early a period in the progress
of this infamous spoils system, to witness in the official journal
of the Executive Administration of the Federal Government,
(the Globe,)adirect and uneqnivnealapproval of such irregular,
violent, and disorganizing proceedings, and an indirect appeal to
the partisans of the Administration to resort to the same means
to secure the triumph of their friends in the organization of this
House?   Will not these examples suffice to convince any real
friend of the Constitution and of the public tranquillity that the
spoils principle is incompatible with the maintenance of either?
When I speak of the drama enacted at Harrisburg, I have no al-
1 usion to the details, nor do I wish to cast censure upon one party
more than another.   I look to the origin—the foundation of the
proceeding.   I trace it to the spoi Is principle.   I look to the prin-
ciples and objects avowed by the principal actors in it.   Under
the operation of the spoils principle, elections will be carried
either by fraud or force, by hope ot fear, by bribery er personal
violence, by club law, or, in the last resort, by the sword !   To-
tal disorganization of all constitutional government must one
day follow.   The purpose of the rioters—their object at Harris-
burg—was openly avowed; it was, by intimidation, by foTce, and
violence, if need be, to overawe and coerce the constitutional au-
thorities in the organization of the legislative body.   This is but
the beginning of evil.    When the fruits of this odious policy
shall be ripened into maturity, we shall all be of one mind in
regard to it.   But what will be the condition of our country?
Settled down into a silent, withering despotism, or existing only
in eternal anarchy and frequent bloodshed.
That 1 may not be thought unjust to any party, in reprobating
the spoils as the principal inducement and s imnlant to the heat
and violence of the times, in but too many quarters, I wish to
refer to a single authority, which I hope will be consider-
ed satisfactory by the friends of the Administration in this
House:
"Elections are commonly looked upon as a mere game, on
which depend the division of party spoils, the distribution of
chartered privileges, and the allotment of pecuniary rewards.
* " * And the struggle, which should be one of pure reason,
with no aim but the achievement of political truth, and the pro-
motion of the greatest good of the greatest number, sinks into a
meie brawl, in which passion, avarice, and profligacy are the
prominent actors."
Wf 1 gentlemen believe me when I tell tbem that I read from
the "Democratic Review," of as late a date as January, 1846?
This, then, is the approved sentiment of one of the most leading
organs of the party in power. 1 want no stronger confirmation
of all I have said on this subject, nor better proof of the neces-
sity of legislative action.                    ......
Mr. Speaker, I am fully aware of the odium I incur in cor-
am quarters by bringing forward and pressing this bill. I
now full well the arduousnesa of the tas^ I have assumed in
ttempting to make it palatable to the taste of gentlemen wh
make a livelihood of politics, and think there is no honesty rh
their calling. I am sure, in truth, that I shall never succeed in
doing that; but I have a higher hope of the result of my efforts,
among the people and the honest statesmen, who, I believe, are
to be found in every section of the Union. It is not at ail sur-
prising that I should be assailed with so much venom and ma-
lignity by the leading supporters of the Administration. It is
with ihem a question of life and death. There are many in
their ranks of keen sagacity and deep observation. They are
perfectly aware of the ground of that active support which
has upheld their power so long. Take.it away, and they are
undone!
That the leading advisers and supporters of the Administra-
tion have always had a perfect knowledge of the sources of
their power, was clear from the acute sensibility which they
manilested upon the introduction of this bill three years ago.
It was then, as it is now, intended merely to give the force and
effect of law to certain principles which had been held sound
and orthodox by every leading Republican of the country in
times past. The official organ forthwith denounced it as a base
libel upon the character and principles of the Administration.
This was expected to be received as a positive denial that any
such abuses as the bill proposed to remedy were, in fact, prac-
tised by the Administration; and it had the desired effect with
the faithful and credulous followers of power. But as the mea-
sure was then altogether new, and few were prepared to give it
their support, the author escaped further animadversion on that
score—nor was there any further symptom of alarm in the offi-
cial ianks.
But whin a gentleman of great ability and ju t weight of cha-
racter, at a later period, thought proper to give the influence of
his name and talents to a similar measu re in another part of the
Capitol, it appears to have been conjectured that the entire
force of the Opposition was about to bo brought out in favor of
it; and the consequence was, that the whole Administration
hive were thrown into commotion. Such a fluttering and buz-
zing—such a preparation of stings and darts among all the
members of the community, had not been known upon any simi-
lar occasion of alarm for years. It was evident that the wary
and experienced saw imminent danger in the movement to the
whole fraternity—thny saw that the vital principle of their as-
sociation was struck at.
You have heard, Mr. Speaker, that there are in the world such
strangeand unnatural beings ashuman vair.pires—human beings
who subsist upon hu man blood—extracting it stealthily from the
warm and beating veins and arteries of sleeping victims I mon-
sters, who, when driven from the society of the living, after
drinking ef the freBh and running streams of life, take up their
abode among the cemeteries of the dead, and glut their unnatu-
ral and insatiate appetites by feeding upon the congealed foun-
tains of extinct animation, thus converting into spoil the very
principle of life itself I have somewhere lead aftory of one of
these strange beings, who was said to have made his appearance
in Paris during the reign of Napoleon. It was remarked that,
in whatever innocent and unsuspecting family he had the ad-
dress to introduce himself and to become a frequent visiter,
some young and tender member of it gradually declined in
strength and health, and finally died. At last, a young man,
driven to desperation by the death of his mistress, and attri-
buting his misfortune to some mys erious influence of the
stranger who had been admitted as a visiter in her family, made
an assault upon his person, and, being hard pressed by his su-
perior and almost preternatural strength, diew from his pocket
a small knife, and gave him a slight wound in the side, when, lo'
he sank lifeless on the ground; and upon examination, it was
found that he was bleeding profusely, from seven different
wounds, all of which appeared to have been just inflicted I But
this was not the greatest mystery connected with the history of
this unnatural being. It is stated that his body was ferreted
away by some young physicians the following night, Who, by
some means, never disclosed, staunched his wounds, and re-
stored animation; and, to the amazement of all who had known
him, in about a month he reappeared upon his accustomed
walks. The officers of the police, however, thought him a fit
subjectfor legal examination and punishment. He was closely
watched in all his movements, and at last apprehended; but
the chief of the police, in order to satisfy his own and the Em.
peror's curiosity in regard to the strange stories in circulation
as to "the mysterious life, death, and reappearance of the pri-
soner.resolved tomakeanexperimentuponhimin the presence
of the most learned and experienced surgeons in Paris. For this
purpose he was first securely bound with cords. During this
process his eyes were wild and restless, but he was otherwise
composed, until he saw the chief of police approach with a
small and well known surgical instrument. He comprehended,
at a glance, the nature and certain effect of the experiment
about to be tried upon him. ne raved, he raged, he swore, he
threatened vengeance; his whole system was convulsed with
passion; but it would not do—his preternatural strength was no
longer of any avail. The lancet was applied; his skin, swollen
with spoil ofhuman blood, was successfully punctured; hi 
wounds were all opened, and bled afresh; nor could all the skill
and experience of the attending surgeons save his life. He ex-
pired, nor did he ever revive !
Not unlike were the writhings and agonies of that overgrown
vampire party, which at this moment subsists upon and revels
in the very life-blood of their country's prosperity and happi-
ness, when surceon Crittenden proposed to make the experi-
ment of punctu ng their swollenandbloated carcass; and such,
too will be thei  miserable' exit, whenever the constituted au-
thorities shall beWise enough to sanction the operation neces-
sary to reach the deep-sealed vitals of their reeking spoil  sys-
tem.   Then, die Ihey mgst—never to hope again !
SPEECH? OF MR. SMITH.
,OF INDIANA,
In Senate, May 15, K40—On the bill to establish a Uniform
System of Bankruptcy, and the substitute proposed a  an
amendment.         j                                       ,           ...
Mr SMITH said: i am not, Mr. President, a volunteer in this
debate. I did not de/ign speaking to-day. As one of the ma-
jority of the Judiciary Committee that reported the bill, I had
thought it highly Xobablethat I should, at some period of the
discussion, give the reasons that had brought my mind to the
conclusion that the bill reported by the majority of the com-
mttee was entitled to a preference over the substitute proposed
bv thl chaiman'[Mr. Wall;] but I did not design doing so at
thissTawonnf debate. However, as other Senator  havejde.
"lined tb address the Senate today, and as the MssipnM draw,
mg to  dose, and it UlmpolMrt that tlw bulrtiould, if «tfalh
