8S6
Am:*íD& fO fm COÜGfc&SéíOisAL GtdfiÉ.
May, lHi:
S6th Cong-....-.1st Seis.
Bankrupt Bill—jSír. Smith.
Senate.
be asm to the House atan early day, I feel impelled by conside-
rations which I am not at liberty to disregard, to present at this
time to the Senate my views on this important subject. I can-
not flitter myself that T shall be able to cast much new light
upon it, after the very able speeches of the Senators who have
preceded me. I liopo, however, to be able to draw at least
some outlines over the can rasa for more skilful hands to fill up
and embellish.
Iwillinsly confess, sir, that the subject of bankruptcy, not-
withstanding i:s importance, had received but little attention
from me until very recently. Like other students of the law, I
had read something in relation to it—had glanced ray eye over
the British statutes on the subject; but I had made no special
examination of it, with its relations and regulation by the Con-
stitution of the United Stales, and its exclusion from the juris-
diction and powers ol the individual States. My position re-
cently as a member of the Judiciary Committee, charged with
the subject by thedireclion oftlie Senate, has made it my duty
to become better acquainted with it than I had been; still I
cannot but presume that each member of the Senate has turned
his attention to the matter, in all probability to better advantage
than I have, Mr. President.
There have been no questions submitted to, or discuss d in,
the Senate this session more important in all their bearings
than those presented by the bill and proposed substitute. The
questions of the exercise of Federal and State powers involved
are of momentous importance and fearful magnitude. It will
be my object to meet those questions fairly, and to examine
them candidly. I concur entirely, sir, with the chairman of the
committee in the statement that the subject under discussion
should not be mixed up with party politics, as all parties are
interested alike in the passage of some bill, we should steer
clear of those rocks that lie in the road of a partisan discussion,
and upon which we may wreck the fondest hopes of those whom
we all desire to relieve.
Coeval with the existence of civil contracts and of the rela-
tion of creditor and debtor were remedies devised by the sove-
reign power in every country lo enforce contracts and compel
debtors to comply with their undertakings, as fir as was withm
their power. Consequent upon the grant of the remedy to the
creditor against the person and property of the debtor, arose the
necessity of providing relief to him after he had done every
thin? in his power to discharge his debts; hence insolvent and
bankrupt laws; the germ of the latter of which we find lo have
been early implanted in Venice, afterwards engrafted into the
civil or Roman law, under the appellation of the ctssio bono-
rum, which only released the debtor and discharged the debt
pro tanto; and from thence we find the principle following in
the tread of civilization, and connecting itself with the remedial
laws of Great Britain. The bankrupt policy of Great Britain
is no part of the common law; it is the creature of the British
statutes, the first of which was passed in the reign of Henry
VIH, and applied generally to all who "did make bankrupt."
The provisions of tint act were somewhat extended and directed
to traders in their operation by the act of Elizabeth, which in
its turn was amended by the act3 of George on the same sub-
ject. I do not think it necessary, sir, to go at large into the pro-
visionsof these British statutes. I refer to them as the origin
of the exercise of the power by the British Government over
the subject of bankruptcy, or bankus ruptus. The objects of
the bankrupt laws of Great Britain have varied from time to
time; and although, as has been stated by the chairman of the
committee, [Mr. Wall,J the avowed object has been, in all
the statutes passed since the statute of Henry VIII, te con-
fine the operation of the acts to the relation of creditor and
debtor, where the debtor was a trader, still Parliament as-
sumed and exercised the power of declaring any person a tra-
der; and by that means all debtors, at the discretion of the law-
making power, wera brought within the operation of the
bankrupt laws of Great Búlalo; so that I take it as being an
incontrovertible posiion thu even in England it was not origi-
nally essential t> the question of jur.sJtciion over the subject
of bankruptcy that lie should be a trader, nor is it so under the
statutes ofEiizabeth or George, as it is legislative mockery to
say that, by enacting that a "scavenger" is a trader, you can
by that means make him so; hence I take it as a settled question
that the power of Parliament is plenary to bring within the
provisions of the bankrupt laws of Great Britain all thedebtnrs
of the kingdom who may become broken, bankrupt, or insol-
vent, and unabla to pay their debs. I introduce this argu-
ment, sir, because it is contended by the chairman of the com-
mittee that eve.i here we are confined by the operations of the
Constitution of the Unhe-I States to the passage of a bankiupt
law operating on traders alone, and because he contends that
bankrupt, as named in the Constitution, ex r« termini, means
an insolvent debtor, who is a trader in the technical Bense of
that term, both of which positions I controvert. At the time
of the adoption of the Federal Constitution, the object and gen-
eral operation of the statutes on the subject of bankruptcy were
undoubtedly familiar to the members of the convention. It
must have been known that the subjects of bankruptcy in that
Government were created by statute, and not confined to any
specified class of indiviluals; nor could it have escaped
the minds of those great and wise men that the power by any
Government of discharging a debtor from his contract was a
high political power, which should not be placed in the posses-
sion of any but the supreme power of the nation, where its
principles could bo rendered certain and its operations uniform.
The Government of the United States was about to be placed
on the basas of the Constitution. The Federal and State Go-
Ternmenta were to occupy such srounds as wou'd enable each
to act independently within its sphere of constitutional powers;
and, in the adaption of the Federal Constitution, the States re-
tained all the powers they previously possessed, which were not
giren up by the Consti'.utnm to the Federal Government by ex-
press terms, or which were not necessary to carry into effect the
expressdelegations of power. In many cases, concurrent pow
ers were retained by the States, a3 in the taxing power. The
rule, I believe, on that subject, is this: that a grant of power to
the Federal Government does not exclude the States from the
exercise of similar powers, utiles? such exercise by the States
is inconsistent with the powers granted, or unless the exercise
of such powers by the States is expressly prohibited by the
Federal Constitution.
Having stated these positions, I will call the attention of the
Senate to those parts of the Constitution of the United States
upon which is based the power over the subject of bankruptcy,
and show that the po wet to discharge a debtor from his contract
is granted to the Federal Government, and prohibited to the
State', while the latter, in the absence of any prohi bitory clause,
are authorized to act upon the subject of insolvency so far as to
please the body, but not to discharge the cpniract,   "Congress
shall hare power to establish uniform laws on the subject of
bankruptcy throughout the United States." Here, sir, is the
express delegation of power, ampio, plenary, and unrestricted,
except that the laws passed shall be "uniform throughout the
United States." We have iieard already, in the debate that has
taken place, much said in relation to the meaning of the term
unifaim in this clause It seems tome to admit of but one con-
struction; and that is. that all laws on the subject of bankruptcy
shall be uniform in all the Skates, ovei all the subjects embraced
within their provisions; that there shall be no laws passed by
Congresson the subject of bankruptcy, to operate differently, on
the citizens of the different States. This was oneol the evils to
be apprehended from the action of the several States over the
subject, a want of that uniformity which Congress alone could
secure. It may be contended that the word uniform was de-
signed to make it obligatory on Congress to include all persons
in the provisioned'lawspassed on the subject, who may be in-
solvent. I think this construction not the true one, although I
admit and contend for the power to include all insolvent per-
sons. Still I do not believe that the term uniform requires more
than that the laws sliould act uniformly on all persons embraced
within their provisions in all the States; any other construction
would defeat the objects of a bankrupt law, as persons failing
for a few dollars are excluced, as aro those who have lost at
gaming a certain sum wiihin a given time, as well as those who
shall nave preferred creditors, in anticipation of availing them-
selves of the benefit of the act. Hence, in the very nature of
the proceedings, under a bankrupt law, there must be excep-
tions; and, consequently, the law would want uniformity,
and violate the Constitution. Such cannot be the tute con-
struction.
Mr. President, I trust I have said enough upon this point to
make myself understood. I will now pass to the clause in the
Constitution which prohibits the States from passing a bank-
rupt law. "No State shall pass any law impairing the obliga-
tion of contracts." Here you see, sir, the power over the sub-
ject of bankruptcy—which is a power over the contract—is ex-
pressly prohibited to the States. In the absence of such prohi-
bition, the States, by virtue oftheir sovereignty, could have ex-
ercised that power, as does the Parliament of Great Britain.
The States, however, not having surrendered the" power over
insolvency so far as regards the remedy and the discharge of the
person, are authorized to exercise it within their constitutional i
limits, subjfet to some limitations, which I deem it important
to advert to befare I pass from this branch of the subject. I de-
sire, sir, to be explicit on this part of the argument, and I feel
confident that it will neither be time lost nor misapplied, to
claim the attention of the Senate to some judicial opinions on
the subject. 1 hope I shall not be charged with having too
much reverence for, or too high an opinion of, the judicial de-
cisions of my own State, when I say to the Senate that, in my
examination of the authorities on this subject,! have been able
to fiiid no decision more full, ample, clear, and conclusive, than
ihe decision of the Supreme Court of my State, pronounced by
Judge Stevens, in the case of Pugh vs. Bussel, 2 Blackford's
Reports.   After collating the authorities, the court says:
"It is now a settled doctrine in all courts, that the discharge
of an insolvent debtor from arrest and imprisonment only is
not an infringement ol the obligation of the contract. The jm-
prisonmentof the person of the debtor is no part of the law of
the contract—is simply a means of coercion; hence, those laws
that only release the body of the insolrent from arrest and im-
prisonment are constitutional and valid. And it is equally well
settled that a discharge of the insolvent, after acquired property,
is an infringement of the obligation of the contract, and those
State laws which release not only the body of the insolvent, but
also his after acquired property, are laws impairing the obli-
gation of contracts, andaré unconstitutional and void."
I read this part of the decision to sustain my position that the
Stales have no power to discharge the contract, and release the
debtor from its obligation. I will now proceed to show the to-
tal inefficiency of Suite insolvent laws as substitutes for a lini-
form bankrupt law, and why it is that all persons who admit
the necessity and humanity of insolvent State laws should ad-
vocate a voluntary bankrupt law, operating over the sameclass
of unfortunate debtors. In the first place, the want of uniformi-
ty presents an insuperable objection to those laws, which does
not maintain against a bankrupt law; as, in the one case, the
State insolvent laws will unavoidably be as multiform and va-
riant as the opinions of the Legislatures that enact them; while
the bankrupt law will operate uniformly over all citizens com-
ing within its provisions, of all the States.
Another insurmountable difficulty in the operation of State
insolvent laws consists in the inadequacy of the power that
creates them, in consequence of its local jurisdiction. To be
more explicit, the lex loci governs the contract, and not the lex
fori; the law of the place where the contract was made, and
not the law of the forum in which the remedy is sought
Hence, the power of the Legislature of a particular State can
only be extended over the citizens of the State upon contracts
made within the State, to be executed there, unless foreigners,
that is, citizens of other States, voluntarily make themselves
parties to the proceedingsin the State courts where the remedy
is sought. To be more explicit still—for I desire to be under-
stood by all who shall hear or read my remarks—a citizen of
Indiana contracts a debt with a citizen of Pennsylvania, suit is
brought in the Slate of Indiana, and the debtor takes the benefit
of the insolvent laws of that State, which discharge the body,
but leave the after acquired property subject to the payment of
the debt; the defendant afterwards visits New York, Pennsyl-
vania, or any other State, and is sued on the judgment; in such
case, he could not plead the discharge under the insolrent laws
of Indiana to release his person, nor could he, eren upon a dis-
charge from the second suit, arail himself ef it in a third suit,
in another State, upon the record, unless the creditor had
thought proper to make himself a party lo ths proceedings un-
der the insolrent acts. Upon this point, I will read a portion
of the decision to which I have alluded. The court, after pre-
senting the authorities upon the subject, sums up:
"These cases es'ablish the doctrine beyond a controversy, that
adischarge by a State law operates only on contracts made in
the State between its own citizens, which are to be executed
there, and that such law3 have no operation out of the State
over contracts not made and to be carried into effect within the
Stue, nor orer citizens of other States, unless they voluntarily
make themselves parties to the proceedings which lead to a dis-
charge in the State courts."
It must be obvious, then, that the power of the States over
the question of insolvency is wholly defective and inefficient to
meet the object of relief, even in the passage of insolvent laws,
independent of their want of power to give uniformity to their
action on the subject.  This power ia ample ao  ptonrr te the I
Federal Government. She has, by virtue of the clauses of the
Constitution which I have read, full power ever the entire sub-
ject of bankruptcy, provided she makes her laws uniform. Has
she power to mat.: them uniform? I have shown that the States
have not. Iai.swer, she has; none of the obstacles lie in her
way tnat do in that of the States. The citizens of all the States
are equally citizens of the United States. Contracts made in any
of the Statesare equally contracts made in the United States.
Both the citizens and the contracts are subject to the same juris-
diction. The lex loci cannot be in conflict with the lex fori, for
both are subject to thesame power. So farasthe grant of pow-
ers is contained in the Constitution, and for all the purposes of
carrying them into pffect, ihe power is as ample as if the 
were no State Governments. Hence, a discharge in one State
is a discharge in every State, and may be so pleaded. I intro-
duce this argument, and am more explicit upon it than I other-
wise would te, weie it not that 1 am aware that it may be said
by citizens of my own State that our insolvent laws are ample
for all the purposes of relief of the body from imprisonment.
I come now, sir, to the main question in relation to the policy
and object of a bankrupt law. I have shown that the State in-
solvent laws are wholly inefficient, even as such, to discharge
the person in all cases; that in no instance can they discharge
the contract, that power being by the Constitution vested in
Congress alone. I admit, sir, that the exercise of this power is
one of the highest efforts of sovereignty or supremacy that can
be exercised by the supreme power in any country, and that it
should never be called into action except where the object to be
attained is of a character to justify the measure. What, then,
are the objects in passing a bankrupt law at this time? I an-
swer, objects the most noble and humane that the mind can con-
ceive of—nothing short of liberating from a condition that fills
the heart of the philanthropist with sympathy, a large and re-
spectable but unfortunate class of our fellow-citizens, who hare
been stricken down by the vicissitudes of fortune and the ca-
sualties of business, and who now lie prostrate before
us, with many an eye to pity, but no hand to sare;
a class of men whose energies are paralyzed, and whose useful-
ness as citizens is destroyed. The object of a bankrupt law is to
bring this class of citizens once more to act their part in the
great drama of human affairs; to elevate them fiom the charac-
ter of bondmen to that of tree and independent citizens; to restore
them to society; to call into activity and usefulness all the
energies of their character; to strike ofT the fetters and set the
bondmen free. After a debtor is driven to the wall, after the
whole of his means are exhausted in the payment of bis debts,
what benefit can result to any one te keep a debt hanging over
him? None that can be conceived of. You by that means
either drive him to dissipation, indolence, and vice, and leave
his unprotected family to the mercy of a cold unfeeling world,
without the means of support, or¡ if the energy of his character \
should prove too elastic te remain subdued, you compel him to
seek, under cover of the name of some moie fortunate and less i
honest individual, a shield for his subsequently acquired meaos. ¡
While trials of the right of property follow each step of his suc-
cess in acquiring it, a plentiful number of oaths are sowed and .
a heavy harvest of perjuries reaped in the process. The debtor ,
has little inducement to renovated exertions, and the creditor is ,
not, cannot be benefited, by keeping the victim pinioned and {
the fatal scales suspended.                                                           {
. I am not unapprised of the argument that has been tiled i
against the exercise of this power, for I confess it made some 1
impression on my mind; it is, that it may encourage unwarrant- o
able risks in business, and thereby change the character of our t
business men into that of commercial gamblers, throwing every i
thine upon the east of the die, with a certainty of relief should t
the throw prove unfortunate. To this it may be answered, with jj
reference to the bill before Ihe Senate, that, as there has not been (
any bankrupt law in existence for forty years, the cases that i
nowexist, and which will come within the provisions of the law, p
could not have been induced with reference to any relief that J,
may now be afforded, and as the bill is limited to a short period n
(two years, which may possibly be extended to five) the opera- i
tion of its provisions will he confined principally to the cases „
which have occurred, or to persons so circumstanced at this |,
time, that ultimate relief will be sought under this bill; hence, ¿
so far as this measure is concerned, there is ne danger to be ap- 4
prehended from that source; and, indeed, it may be well qaes- j
tioned whether the objection is not more specious than solid. I j|
hold it to be a universally established principleof human nature,
with very few exceptions, that men strire to maintain a fair and ¡j
respectable standing among their fellow-men; the inducement to ¡n
virtuous and honest action is so strong, and the penally affixed |¡
by the universal consent.of civilized man to vicious aoddisho- „
nest conduct is so heavy, that few men are to be found who R
would not ereatly prefer the certainly of a fair standing for t
honesty and integrity, to the risk of forfeiting all by imprudence, 0j
extra oreraction, and fraud. The condition of a bankrupt is ¿
not, cannot be sought for; it is the death of the business man ia tc
one sense, and like the-deathof the natural man. Few there are j,
who would desire to hasten the time, in anticipation of the joys ¡„
of the resurrection.                                                                    m
Mr. President, as a member of the Judiciary Committee, to In
which thissubject was referred, and as one of the majority of that i<
committee who reported this bill, 1 feel myself called upon tono- ol
tice the opening remarks of the chairman of the committee, I)
(Mr. Wall.) I am satisfied the Senator could not have intended be
any thing personal or unkind towards the majority of the com- «
mittee who differed from him and the Senator from North Ca- th
rolina, the minority, on *he question submitted to them. The to
chairman, however, had thought proper to state to the (senate th,
that ihe majority of the committee had produced the bill before pj
the Senate from the secret recesses of the committee room.             ¡-
[Here Mr. Wall rose anil said he thought he had explained *e
that matter; he intended to make no charge against the majo-  1
rity of the committee; what he intended tosav was, that there «11
was no warrant in the Constitution or the papers referred to the «
committee, forsucha bill as that reported by the majority.]           cl¡
So I desire to understand the Senator, for I would be_ slow to    *
believe that i
any one member (
such  has been tl._ ________
terceurse of all the members of that committee in their indivi-
dual and official relations. But, sir, the explanation of the He- «
nator leaves me precisely where I was when he thought proper "I
tOBUspend my remarks. The statement is, that the majority af *
the committee, in reporting the bill before the Senate, acted •
without warrant either in the Constitution or the petitions and £'
memorials referred to the committee. I not only ceatrom* "l
(hi* position of the chairman, but make precisely the sMej  *
re to understand the Senator, for I would be slow to    ™
t any thing unkind or uncourteous could fall from    '.
¡mber of tn« Judiciary Gommittee towards another,    T
been the uniform, kind, courteous, and frank in-    r
f nil 1I.A M. >k.M r\f that rnmmiltPA in ttlMr imlivi*     *•
