May, 1840.
26th Cono....... 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
837
Bankrupt Bill—-Mr. Smith.
¡Senate.
___       I in relation to the substitute reported by him,and now
offered as an amendment <o the bill before the Senate.
! will proceed to oiler 10 the Seriate some remarks on these
positions', and, in doing so, it wil I be my object to meet the ob-
jections of the Senator to the bill reported by the niajsrity of
tae committee, in a spirit of candor becomim* my position as
well •  the importance of the subject under "discussion. For,
■ir, 1 assure the Senate that a momentary triumph would but
poorly compénsateme for the passage of a bill violating the
Constitution of the lTni>ed States, or in opposition to the
wishes of the people.
What are we to understand by the objection that the bill re-
ported is withont warrant in the Constitution! The Sena-
tor has tohlus what he understands by the statement. He
oontands that the bill is unconstitutional because it does not
|tre a remedy to the creditor as well as relief to the debtor:
or, in other words, because it provides for voluntary, and
doss not include involuntary or compulsory, bankruptcy. To
this position I answer, Um, by the Constitution of the United
Hatea, the whole subject of bankruptcy, in all it* bearings, ob.
jects, and relations, recommitted to Congress, without any re-
striction whatever as to the exercise of the power, except that of
requiring uniformity in the laws. I have already shown what
we are to understand by the term uniform as used in thit
ckase of the Constitution. 1 have shown that it only requires
laws passed hy Congress on the subject to operate with unifor-
mity over the subjects embraced within their provisions in all
the States. 1 have also, 1 trust, succeeded in maintaining that
the term uniform has no application to either the number or
character of the persons included in the provisions of the law,
tat merely that the action of the law shall be uniform over
those that the legislative power may, in its discretion, include
in its provisions; hence the power to include merely debtors,
fivlng to the creditor all the rishts he could enjoy under the
proceedings had they been introduced by himself. The whole
debtor or insolvent class may be included, or only a part, at the
discretion of Congress, without at all affecting the uniformity of
the taw, or the law may be extended so as to include a remedy
to the creditor to institute the proceedings, or what is termed in-
voluntary or compulsory baekruptcy; and if the law was uni-
form in it* eperation in all the Stages aver all the persons and
objects Included within its provisions, it would be equally con-
ttitotionul. Hence I hold, sir, th.it it is a question of Congres-
aoaal discretion, and not of ronstiu'tonal power, that is raised
hy the first objection of the Senator.
The next ground of objection urged against the bill by the
chairman ie, that it is unconstitutional, because its provisions
an extended to all insolvent debtors, whether they be traders or
got. In order to sustain this position, we have been pointed to
the meaning of the term bankrupt. We have been told that the
tnrmexrt termini refers and applies exclusively to insolvent
traders, and that it cannot be extended beyond that class; still,
in the next breath, the Senator is compelled to admit that, in
England, Parliament has the power, and continually exercises
h, of declaring any person a trader in its discretion, and by that
means bringing such person within the provisions of her bank-
rapt laws. It ¡s not pretended here but what Congress has as
fall and ample powers over the whole subject of bankruptcy as
tes the Parliament of Great Britain, nor will I presume such a
pestañee setup. Then, sir, if Congress were even confined to
the sphere of action over this subject that the British Parliament
i«iit we*Id be only necessary to amend the first section of the
iill by inserting, all insolvent debtors who shall owe the sum of
one hundred dollars, or any other given sum, shall be considered
traders, and entitled to the benefit of the law. What a solemn
mockery would this present. Can the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States be thus amended/ Are we to be driven to a subter-
f«i  like this, to bring our laws within the provisions of the
Constitution' The Senator fays our powers are limited. Where
doe* be find that limitation! Where is the limitation of the
power of the Parliament of Great Britain over the same sub-
ject! TheBenater would answer, it is limited to trailers. I re-
ply, all may be declared traders at the discretion of Parliament,
ana then I ask the Senator, where is the limitation? I answer
my «wii question, by saying it is in the discretion of Parliament
in England, and in the discretion of Congress here. The limita-
tion It net m the constitutional power, but in the legislative
discretion in the exercise of that power, by the term uniform.
Anee 1 trust the Senate will be satisfied that the constitutional
otnectwn to the hill on that ground cannot be maintained.
Mr. President, I cannot justify myself before my State in pass-
iag from this branch of the subject without saying a few words,
in addition, in relation to the exercise of this power. Sir, lam
■DwUling to believe that it ever entered into the minds of the
•ages and patriots who passed through the Revolutionary
straggle and achieved our independence, that a Government
«a* to be established for this people creating a privileged class
of citizens, who, in their natural capacity, were to receive
••Befits, and to whom should be extended measures of relief not
common to the rest of their fellow-citizens; nor can I believe
that, in the formation of the Federal Constitution, and in the
insertion of the power over the subject of bankruptcy in that
iftstrument,the members of the Convention could havesupposed
that it would ever be seriously contended that they bail selected
a class of onrcitizena, and prepared for them a relief from the
obligation  of their contracts which was denied to other citizens.
Our Government is based on the broad principles of equality—
both penal and remedial laws are placed by the Constitution
on that basis. It was for the establishment of that principle
that we encountered the powerof Great Britain in our infancy,
and it would be presuming too much to say that the framers of
the Constitution, in its adoption, surrendered that vital princi-
ple of oar Government. It is a presumption not to be indulged
ui, unless we are dr. ven to it by prool too «iron? to be contro-
verted, w*hieh is not the case in the present instance. But
why, air, let me ask, in a'l seriousness, should the benefits of
flie relief afforded to insolvent debtors by the operations of a
bankrupt law he confined to traders, in exclusion of the other
classes of our citizens whose misfortunes oblige them to take
shelter under its provisions! Sir, I can see no grounds forsuch
a distinction. Why should traders be the preferred classl Are
they more meritorious than the manufacturer, tha méchame,
the farmer, the profesional man. and other classsosi Will this
be pretended! Are they more devoted to the interest and in-
stitutions of their country than those classes! Are their feel
tats nnder misfortunes more intense, or their families more
dear to them, tima are those of other classes! Are they more
useful members of society! Is the Government under any
greater obligations to that class than to every other class of our
tiUeent? Can there he a eingie reason given why that class
fball be discharged from their contracts, and other classes left
subject to the obligation of theirs! Is it that the trading classes
have greater risks to encounter? if so, have they not usually
greater security for that risk? Traders are business men:
they scarcely take a step without covering, to a rreater or less
extent, the risk by insurance; while the other classes usually
rely on their own good fortune against losses from the various
casualties that property is liable to. All classes of our citizens
contract debts; all are liable to be overtaken by adverse
fortune; all may be placed in the condition of bankruptcy;
and the relief afforded should be equally applicable to all. I
can, for my life,see no good rea on why you will remove the
etters of obligation from the trader, and not from the farmer.
All the reasons which would induce you to liberate the one
and restore him to society upon terms of perfect equality
with his fellow-citizens, apply with equal force to the other.
Philanthropy,in selecting objects for her sympathy, could not
overlook the misfortunes of the one, and drop the tear of pity
on the other. But, sir, I contend that the distinction would be
unjust as well as unequal. Let me illustrate this position bv
stating a case that might occur. A farmer sells the produce sf
of his farm to the trader, takes his obligation for the payment
of the price at a given day; the farmer is indebted to ihe amount
of the price, and relies upon the payment to enable him to dis-
charge hisdebt;the trader is unfortunate, and takes the benefit
of the bankrupt law, and is discharged from the contract with-
out having paid s dollar of the amount. The farmer is denied
the benefit of the bankrupt law, because he is not a trader, and
is driven to the State insolvent laws for relief. His person is
released, if the contract and jurisdiction are such as to justify
a release upon the principles I have already stated in a former
part of my argument. But his after acquired property would
be liable to pay the original debt he owed, while he could
never look to his debtor, the trader, fur a cent of the amount
with which he expected to discharge his debt. The same idea
might be illustrated in many ways; but 1 trust lam intelligible
and understood on this point. There might possibly, in Eng-
land, have been some reasons for confining the operation of
bankrupt laws to particular classes, bu' even there we find Par-
liament extending the provisions of their laws to most classes;
and it is not risking too much to say that, in a few years more,
even there, the force of enlightened justice and equally ba-
lanced philanthropy will tear away the arbitrary line of (-'in-
unction in toto, and extend to all insolvent pel sons, of every
class, the benefitsof their bankrupt laws. 1 tliereluie contend,
sir, that justice to every class of our fellow-citizens requires
that we should place them in our enactments on the btoad
platform of equality. I know no distinction among my fel-
low-citizens, and I cannot advocate a law that would grant re-
lief to ono class, and deny a similar relief to another. 1 am
now, sir, speaking of a voluntary bar kropt law 1 shall come
to the other branch of the subject in examining the other charge
of the chairman of the committee; that is, that the committee
had no authority to report the bill belore ihe Seriate.
The constitutional power 1 have discussed. I will proceed
to take some notice of the want of authority which was
urged on another ground. Will it be pretended that a com-
mittee of the Senate has not the power to act and report t'pon
any legitimate subject of legislation, whether it has been re-
ferred to the committee specially by petition, memorial, or
resolution, or not! The committees of the Senate derive
their powers from the body creating them, and the Senate
derives its powers from the Constitution, and ran exercise
them, independently of any petitions or resolutions coming
from any quarter. I state this in relation to the naked pow-
er, and not with reference to its exercise. I admit, sir, that
it is always the safe course in legislation for Congress to act
in obedience to the will of the people, and not to step in ad-
vance of that will in hurried action. There are always sub-
jeets enough for the aciion of Congress which are legitimate-
ly knocking at the door of each Hou«e, without making it
necessary for us to go in search of them. And, sir, by this
principie, I am entirely willing to test the warrant for the ac-
tionof the majority of the committee in reporting the bill be-
fore the Senate. On this point I have been, in some measure,
anticipated hy the Senator from Mississippi, [M>. HkndBh-
son] Still I shall call the attention of the Senate to the facts
of the ease, so far as the action of the committee was impelled
by the petitions which were referred to it. Like the chairman
of the committee, I have looked into the petitions; and I now
state to the Senate that there has not been a single petition
referred to the committee praving for a more efficient reme-
dy in behalf of creditors. Without exception, they all ask for
the passage of a bankrupt law for the relief of debtors. They
all ask for just such a measure as the majority of the com-
mittee reported. There are one or two of them that speak
of a law for the benefit of creditors as well as debtors, but
not one of them asks for a compulsory bankrupt law, or fir
a law confined exclusively to traders. The most of the peti-
tions, near one hundred in number, from different paits of the
Union, speak the same language, and weie evidently pre-
pared in accordance with the views o'f the meeting of the citi-
zens  f New York, held at the Merchants' Exchange on the
27th of February last, at which the Mayor of the city, Isaac
L. Varian, presided. These proceedings, with the circular
of the corresponding committee, give us the grounds of the
application for a bankrupt law. I would send them to the
Clerk to be read, but I dislike to take up S3 much ofihe time
of the Senate as the reading of the whole proceedings would
occupy. I will, however, read from my place so much of the
circular as is directly in point, as it speaks substantially the
language of the whole of them, except one from Mississippi,
which includes banks. The circular, after some preliminary
remarks, says:                                                    .
'•The enactment of a general bankrupt law by Congress is
warmly advocated, not only by those who have suffered in con-
sequence of\he general derangement of all branches of busi-
ness throughout the country, and who find such a law necessa-
ry for their own relief, but also by a Urge majority of r 'ir most
(espectable merchants and heavy capitalists, who are fully con-
vinced of its justice and utility; in fact, all classes of the com-
munity are deeply interested in this measure, and look to it as
the only means by which a large body of our most meritorious,
intelligent, and enterprising fellow-citizens can be extricated
from embarrassments wh-ch the keenest vigilance could not
have foreseen, nor the striciest prudence have prevented.
There are manv in every section of the country who possess
the highest qualifications for business, and who are industrious
and frugal in their habits, and have the strongest desire to ex-
ert themselves in useful and honorable pursuits, but who are
depressed, and whose families are made to suffer from the ex-
istence of debt* which it is absolutely impossible for them ever
10 pay, and from wuich State laws or State institutions caa
nevei release them.
"A bankrupt law for the relief of this portion of our fellow-
citizens is most imperatively demanded by every consideration
of justice, propriety, and humar uy, and would operate gteatly
to the ndvantage of the countiy at large, by reviving its busi-
ness and commercial enterpiise, in. bringing once more into ac-
tive and successful operation the latent entigy. skill, and expe-
rience of intelligent and industrious men, wfiohave been pros-
trated by misfortunes, and who look to this sourc alone for
aid There is no reason or philosophy in a state of things
which irrevocably fastens upon men and their families the con-
sequences of misfortunes that do not result from frauds or fiom
criminal acts or intentions, and which the exercise of ordinary
prudence and care would not have prevented; and we hold it to
be most palpably unju3t and absurd that the citizens ol an en-
lightened Republic, should be subjected to imprisonment, or he
confined within the limits of a single State, and remain liable
to every dollar they can earn to be taken from them, when they
cannot be justly charged with crime, fiatid, or dishonor "
Such, sir, is the larguage of the circular on which the peti-
tions are founded. There is not a word or hint in one of them
that a bankrupt law is called for to ail the creditor in the col-
lection of his debts. All speak one language, and that is, give
relief to the debtor who is driven to the wail, who lies prostrate
under his debts and the operation of (he State laws.
If. then, the legitimate impetus to propel Ihe committee in the
discharge of its functions on this subject was either public opi-
nion or the weight of petitions, can any < ne hesilate for a mo-
ment in saying that the majority of the committee reported the
only bill they were justified in reporting, under the circum-
stances, that is, a bill to provide for voluntary bankruptcy! But
we are told by the chairman of the committee (Mr. Wall) that
thisbill leaves the debtor at liberty, while it tics the handsof the
creditor, and, therefore it is unjust, unconstitutional, and not au-
thorized by the petitions. If the position assumrd by the chair-
man was really the fact of the case, there would certainly be
much more fo; ce in the objection; but is it so! The Senator would
no doubt be correct, if there were neither State nor United
S'ates laws for the collection of debts, or if the bankrupt laws
would repeal all other laws on that sub ect, n ither of which, I
presume, will he seriously c.ont nded tor here. How, then. Is
the creditor tied hand and fl*nt, as the Senator contends! Has
he not the benefit of the United States and of the State laws 10
coerce the payment of his claims against his debtor? Is there
any want of renfediesto either drive the debtor to the wall, or to
take from him all his means? p may be said that, in some
States, laws have been passed abolishing imprisonment for debt;
butletit be remembered that, in those States, the most efficient
remedies are afforded to the creditor to enable him to make his
claim out of the means of the deb'or. In addition to all the
common law remedies, there is the bill in chancery, that scruti-
nizing remedy which addresses the conscience of the debtor,
and follows his property, effects, aad credits, into whosesoever
haads they may go for his use, tearing away in its march what-
ever badges of fraud may have been thrown around him, expos-
ing the rights of the debtor to open day, and applying his effect 
to the benefit of the creditor. Does not the fact of the thousands
of insolvent persons stripped of every means of support, who
are lying prostrate, with all their energies paralyzed, attest in
strong and conclusive terms the efficiency of the laws as they
now exist, ir, extracting from debtors all their means for the be-
nefit of their creditors? Were those laws defective in providing
a remedy/or the creditor, would not some petition ere this have
reached the Senate, asking a more efficient remedy? Is it to be
supposed that creditors would fold their arms and silently see an
attempt made in Congress to give relief to the debtor class
which would give that unfortunate class any advantage what-
,.  ever?
i I Sir, I repeat, the creditor requires no additional remedy; eo
¡ ¡ far as hen concerned, no bankrupt law is needed; all Mb rights
sre perfectly secure as the law stands, and he cannot be injured
by the provisions of avoIuritary'batikrtrrA'liw, as he caneóme
in under it, and receive his just dividend of the assets or estate
of the bankrupt: and, in ono respect, he will be benefited by such
b law, and (hat is, he will be secured against preferences, as no
discharge can take place when a preference has been given to
any one creditor by the debtor, in anticipation of tnking the be-
nefit of the law—a provision that should be incoi porated in every
State insolvent law. 1 tiust I have shown that ihe majority of
committee reported the only bill called for by public opinion and
the petitions referred t > them, and that the opinion of the chair-
man, that the bill reported was not warranted by the Constitu-
tion or the petitions, is not sustained by the facts of the case; at
least, such is my opinion,
I will now,MT. President, proceed to sustain the statement I
made, that the substitute reported by the Chairman, and now
offered as an amendment to the bill before the Senate, is liable,
in fact, to the prominent objections which have been urged
against the bill.
The first objection which I take to the substitute is, that it
provides for compulsory bankruptcy, or in other words, puts
that extraordinary remedy into the hands of the creditor, which
I have alieady attempted to show is neitlierrequired by the Con-
stitution, called for by the people, sustained by public, opinion,
petitioned for by creditors, nor justified by the genius of our
Government or the humanity of our rinzens. Ii is a remedy
that would only be resorted to by a malicious and unrelenting
Creditor, whose object was the disgrace and destii'Ction of rrs
debtor, rather than the collection of his debts. It Would also
put it in the power of such a «reditor to draw the estate of Irs
debtor into the Federal courts, and, through the* process attend-
ing his bankruptcy, to swallow up in costs a larg" part of the
estate. The proceedings in compulsory bankruptcy, and the
powers granted to the creditor over the property and business
of the debtor by such a law, arc «mrv adapted, if atall. to a
stateof society purely commercial andean i ever be extended
tothe various classes of society. Ishould hesitate long befoie
I could subject the citizens of my'State to the derations rfsucii
daw To suffer the creditor to seiz i upon the   hole effects of
the debtor, without judgment, ami place them in tie hands cf
trustees, aiTesting the power of the debtor over his estate, is a
remedy of the most arbitrary character that the human mir.il
can conceive of. and before it is attempted to he ex<rcisrd ty
any Legislature, it should at least be shown conelurively that
such a remedy wae called for by the public; and even then it
should be confined bs much as possible in its applies ion. Let
me assure you, Mr. President, it is a remedy not suited either to
thehabtts, business, or feelings of the Western people, who,
though «arte as solvent in the end as the citizens ol other States,
M are not accustomed to pay always at the very day, as do raer-
