838
IAPPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£6th Cong.......1st Seis.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Clayton.
May, 1840.
Senate.
chants who deal with banks, where protest and disgrace follow
either temporary suspension or inability to pay at the day.
Therefore, as there was no petition presented from any quarter
asking the passage of a compulsory bankrupt law, I feel sus-
tained m the position I assumed, that such a law is uncalled for.
1 do not pretend that it would be unconstitutional, but I do in-
sist that it is inexpedient, gratuitous, and impolitic, to pass it,
and that, by connecting it with a subject which is loudly called
for by every consideration of public policy, on vate justice, and
individual sufferings, we endanger the pas?>age of a bill which I
believe the most ol us feel disposed to sustain
Mr. President, I must now ask the indulgence of the Senate,
while 1 proceed to examine the mam objection to be proposed
substitute; I refer to the provision extending the compulsory
bankrupt principle so as to include State corporations for bank-
ing and other purposes. I candidly declare to you, in the out-
set, that I view that provision as asserting the most a1 arming
and tremendous Federal powers which ha\e ever been at-
tempted to be exercised since the adoption of the Constitution,
powers which, if legitimate, at once dissipato all our fondly
cherished notions of State sovereignty and the the sacredness of
State institutions; powers which] shall attempt to show, If car-
ried to their ultimatum, swallow up and engulf within their
tremendous vortex every vestige of State rights, and change the
entire nature of the Government. I confess, sir, I did not be-
lieve that any person who had ever examined the structure of
this Federal Government could be brought to sustain the tre-
mendous powers claimed in this instance. What are these
powers'! Nothing short of bringing the State banks, through the
medium of a compulsory bankrupt law, within the control and
jurisdiction of the Federal Government. The powers of cre-
ating corporations is one of the highest attributes of sovereign-
ty, there are many here who honestly deny to Congress that
power, and yet, strange to tell, the power is assumed of con-
trolling the action of and striking down the corporations
erected by the Slates within their undoubted constitutional
powers. It is now too late to deny the power to the States
of incorporating banks. It will not be assumed by any
that Congress possesses the power of incorporating
State banks at least, whatever may be the opinion in
relation to the power to incorporate a United States Bank
The State banks, then, being the creatures of the
States, and possessing a poruon of their sovereignty, must, in
the verynatuie of things, be subject ajone to the control of the
Governments that created them. The powers of the State and
Federal Governments, I admit, are, in some instances, concur
rent, in those cases they may be carried out; hut I know of no
conflicting powers. Such powers cannot exist; the one must
control the other; the weaker would have to surrender to the
more powerful, the particular State, being ihe weaker, would
be compelled to surrender to the Federal, the stronger power
A power in the States to erect corporations, and a power in the
Federal Gevernment to pull them down, cannot exist at the
same time Such is not this Government, or the relations of
the powers conferred by tha.Federal and State Constitutions.
Sir, I was present during the discussion in this body of
the bill prohibiting the United States Bank of Pennsylvania
from reissuing the notes of the late Bank of the United
States. I well recollect the ground upon which the power
of this Goverrment over that subject was placed. I took no
part in that discussion, as I always speak here with reluc-
tance, unless I am called upon by my position and relation to
the subject But, sir, the argument is fresh is my mind, the
advocates of that law placed the subject on the ground that the
United States Bank of Pennsylvania having received the consi
deration, and entered into a contract with the Secretary of the
Treasury to take up and cancel the outstanding notes ol the late
Bank of the United States, had assumed the character of a trus-
tee to the Government, and, as such trustee, Congress had the
power to enforee the execution of the trust by penal enact-
ments. The exercise of Federal powers to that extent was
much questioned and denied by many. But there was no Se-
nator who set up the pretence, now arguendo, that the federal
power could at all control or touch that State institution in her
character of a State bank; it was only by giving her the charac-
ter of a trustee, and assuming the power over her in that cha-
racter, that the power to control her action, so fat as to prohibit
her from the reissue, was claimed and exercised. I ask Sena-
tors who took part in that discussion to reconcile the provi-
sions of the substitute before the Senate, including within the
provisions of a compulsory bankrupt law. the State banks with
their views at thattime of the constitutional powers of the Fede-
ral Government. But, sir, how are Senators, who deny the
power of the Federal Government to incorporate ¡a National
Bank, to sustain the power to pull down and destroy those erect-
ed by the States with ample powers to create them) I confess
there is such a conflict in opinion here that I am unwilling to
believe that a single Senator, giving that construction to the Fe-
deral Constitution, can be found maintaining the powers claim-
ed in this substitute.
Sir, the chairman of the committee seemed to be apprized of
these constitutional objections to the substitute, and, by way of
providing for a retreat from the position, he included in the bill
a proviso that the provisions of the bill should not apply to any
corporation without the assent of the particular State, or, in
oiher words, that the State in which any bank might be situa-
ted should have the power to provide that the acts which the
substitute declares to be acts of bankruptcy should not be so
considered, leaving each Stale to say whether the provisions of
the bill should or should not include her banks. Here is an at
tempt to get rid ol a constitutional objection by indirection. The
powers conferred on the Federal Government are constitutional
and not conventional They are derived from the Constitution
UMell, and not from conventions with the S'atcs. The specified
powers in the Constitution can neither be circumscnb d nor
enlarged by any convention with the States. Such a doctrine
would be to authorize an amendment of the Constitution in a
manner different from that pointed out in the instrument itself,
and, instead of requiring two thirds of the States to consent to
the amendment, the consentof one Sia'e would besufncieut so
far as related to that Stale, while you would have a different
Constitution (or each State, and not a Constitution lor the Uni-
ted States
Bui, sir, if such a conven'nn ould constitutionally be en-
tered into, it would make the bill unconstitutional on the
ground of a want of unilormity, as the law would operate un-
equally, and not uniformly Somo ol the Siaies would ex-
empt all their binks, some wouldexemptpart,and others would
exempt none, from thf operations of this law And you would
have a law operating differently in the several States, which
would be clearly violatory of the constitutional provision autho-
rizing Congress to pass uniform laws on the subject of bank-
ruptcy, the meaning of which I have already stated is, that
the laws passed on the subject shall be uniform in every State
over the subjects they embrace. 6n, the Federal Govern-
ment either has or has not the power over the subject. If
she has not the power, as I contend, no paiual or total reserva
tion to a particular State can give it. If she has the constitu-
tional power over these State institutions, it cannot be defeated
or paralyzed by the dissent of the pai ticular State. It is ample,
if it exists. II it does noi exist, it cannot be conferred except by
and through the means pointed out in the Constitution—an
amendment conferring the power.
Sir, it has been said that the substitute exercises the pow-
er over these institutions, on the principle that they arc tra-
ders. Surely it will not be contended ihat they can be con-
sidered actual traders. Technically speaking, they cannot be
considered buyers and sellers, dealers in merchandise. Is that
character to be derived from the fact that they loan money,
discount bills and notes, and deal in exchanges) The cha-
racter of traders was never given to individuals or compa-
nies thus engaged If you can make a trader out of a State
bank upon these facts, you may also extend the term to the
States, and even to the United States. They also issue their
notes, purchase specie, pioduce, and other articles, and nredeal-
ers to as great extent as the State corporations It will not be
contended, then, that ihe banks are actual traders. But it may
be said that they are, constructive traders, or, in other words,
thai Congress has the power ts declare who shall be considered
traders for the purposes of the bill I do not controvert that
position in relation to persons within the constitutional powers
of Congress, but it would be a monstrous stretch of power to
assume lunsdiction over the States or their institutions, by
giving to them a quality or character which you give persons
over which the Constitution gives you jurisdiction. If such a
doctrine could be maintained for a moment, your power would
be without limitation, for it would be only necessary for you to
declare the character and exercise thejurisdiction to any extent
within your discretion. It is said that it is the first step that
costs So in relation to these exercises of Federal poweis If
the Federal Government can takejunsdiction over the State
banks by declaring them traders, and malting one act an act of
bankruptcy, she may, by the same exercise of power, declare
any other act one of bankruptcy, until she may paialyzeand
destroy the institution entirely. If she can step over the
threshold of the rights of the States, she can march up to the
citadel The power necessary to enable her to make the first
step carries her triumphantly over every obstacle that may be
thrown in her way by the fetales, until the last appearance of
State institutions shall lie prostrate, and every vestige ofState
rights shall be swallowed up in the ingulfing vortex of Federal
powers.
I will now, Mr. President, ask the attention of the Senate to
the expediency of the proposed measure, even admitting that
the Constitution presented no obstacle to the passage of such a
law. And here let me say, that I view this as another attempt
to destroy the remaining paper currency oí the country, to
drive or torce the people to an exclusive metallic currency, to
cut down the last of the issues. The power of the Govern-
ment to create a National Bank was denied, and that institu-
tion was not renewed. The States incorporated banks, the
power to do so was not questioned. But you now desire to de-
stroy them also. You now propose to declare certain acts that
may be done or omitted by those State institutions acts of bank-
ruptcy. And what then) You propose to authorize any cre-
ditor to whom the bank may owe five hundred dollars, to seize,
under the bankrupt law, upon the effects and franchises of the
bank to place the whole under the custody of the Federal pow-
er, to arrest the further action of the institution, and to wind
up the concero. Sir,! what would be the effect of the exercise
of this power) Let Senators think of it, let them figure to
themselves a bank with an issue of half a million of dollars,
suddenly arrested in its business by the operattonof the com-
pulsory bankrupt law; it means, us debts, and its charter, all
taken possession of by the trustees appointed by the Federal
power No matter who may be the stockholder*, no matter
what may be the interest of the State in the institution, the
whole is at once paralyzed and stricken down at the instance
of a tingle creditor and who is to benefited by the operation)
Not the creditors, for they will be compelled to await the tardy
operation of the law to receive the dividends that the trustees
may suffer to pass through their hands, forms only speaking
experience in anticipation to say that much of the amount
will stick in the hands of the trus ees, and never find its way
to the pockets of the creditors; nor the public, for the people
are interested in maintaining the value at least of the issues in
circulation. Let me suppose that the issues of a bank, as I
have said, are half a million, and the process of bankruptcy is
applied to them; what would be the effect on the notes in circu-
lation! Does not every Senator see at once that it would de-
preciate them more than one-half to the holder, and by the sin-
gle operation in a single bank the people would lose a quarter
of amillion of dollars) And so in relation to the issues in all
cases where the bank shall be thus acted upon. And upon
whom, let me ask, would this loss fallí Not on the banks, but,
on the contrary, it would out it in the power of the dn ectors to
buy up the notes at a d scount, and make money by the opera-
tion Not on those persons who have leceived bank accommo-
dations, for they aie the last persons who keep the notes in their
possession, hut on the businessmen of the countrj-, the farmer,
the mechanic, and the laboi er,iowhose hands the note would be.
What, let rne ask, would be the effect of su-h measure on the
operation of the banks themselves) On all the banks south
ot New \ork that have suspended pajment Ihe bill would
apply al once in all its rigor; they would be required to lesuuie
forthwith, or be liable to the provisions of the substitute, they
would, therefore, be compelled to stop their discounts, and to
pi ess at once upon then debtors, and to require them to pay up
in specie, in older to escape from the teirors of the measure.
And upon whom would this pressure fall? Most certainly on
the debtor class, the very class we desire to relieve by a bank-
rupt law The consequence, therefore, of enacting ihe subati
stute is relation to banks would be to make subjects without
number for the other section of the bill to operate upon, for
there never was a greater political euor than that into which
gentlemen have fallen in their crusade against the banks, in pre-
suming that the banks alone are interested in their own fate;
tint you can oppress and drive the banks to the wall wunont
aflecuns business and distressing their debtors in the same
ratio. I have no special partiality for banks I would sustain
them no further than as they are useful instruments in the hands
of the people in furthering their interest*.   I am aware that it
is usual to charge every bank with the impropriety of suspend
ing specie payments, and the charge is made as if the bank alone
was to blame, when the truth is, a suspension is almost univer-
sally made to relieve and save the debtors of the institution.
There is, in general, not a dollar of paper issued without the
creation of an equal amount of debts to the bank, hence, were a
bank to force its debtors to discharge their dues in specie every
ninety days, it could never be necessary to suspend payments.
Sir, I repeat, in all sincerity, that those who are tilting against
the banks aie running at the shadow—the debtois of the
institution are the substance they hit The other classes of
banks that might be affected are those which are exempt at this
time; buthow easy would it be for the Government to collect
the paper of any obnoxious bank, make a run upon it, compel it
either to suspend or rum its debtors, and then seize upon its
effects by the bankrupt law proposed by the substitute. And the
mere knowledge that the Government had the power would be
well .calculated to induce even those banks to curtail their
discounts still further, in order to prepare for such a
crisis. And heie let me atk Senators whether they
think it would be pood policy to risk these conse-
quences mereiy for the purpose cf grasping at a power
I which all admit to be doubtful, and which many be-
lieve tobe unconstitutional The consequences will be too se-
rious to the country, now ovei whelmed with embanassment and
distress, to sport with sucha subject, and we know the States
have full power over it Let us leave it Jhere While Con-
gress did nothing more than scold at the States and their insti-
tutions, as in the case of the resolutions of the Senator from
Tennessee, (Mr Grundy,] nothing very alarming «as to be
apprehended Though I could not see the propriety of that
movement, still it was ratherharmless, as it did not act affirma-
tively, lis legal and moral force was not of a character to
suspend the action of either the States or their institutions,
and consequently the ctates looked on with indifference But
you are now about to take a step which will be seen and felt,
and which will produce consequenses which we shall all de-
plore.
Mr President, the petitions on our table ask for relief to the
unfortunate. Shall we, in granting that relief, create greater
misfortunes by compelling the banks to drive to destruction
and sacrifice the property of the thousands and tens of thou,
sands who could not at this time discharge their debts without
utter rum) Isupport this measure, sir, on no such grounds. Isup-
poi t it asa relief measure, called for by the condition of a large and
respectab'e class of my fellow-citizens, as a measure demanded
by all ihe considerations of justice and humanity. We have
seen that Congress alone has the power to grant relief, we have
the only remedy that can heal the patient; we hold the only
key that can unlock the prison doot and restore the unfortunate
inmate to liberty and society. Shall we then turn a deaf ear to
the voice ol humanity I honestly confess to you, sir, that I hold
it to be one of the most fortunate circumstances of my life that
I am afforded the opportunity of bearing an humble part in
producing the general jubilee which will follow the passage of
this bill; and let me, in conclusion, implore Senators not to em-
barrass the great obj-ct of the bill, the relief of unfortunate
human beings, by connecting with it other matters of a ques-
tionable character Let us rise aiove the atmosphere of party,
and join heart and hand in knocking the chains from the unfor-
tunate victims of arbitraiy laws, and we shall receive the ap-
proval of our own consciences, while the prayers of thou-
sands will ascend up to Heaven for our prosperity and hap-
piness.
REMARKS Oí' Mr. CLAYTON,
Debate in the Senate/Tuesday, May 12,1840— On
the substitute proposed by Mr. Wall for the bill
to establish '« uniform system of Bankruptcy.
Mr. CLAYTON said he would confine his obser-
vations strictly tg the matter immediately under dis-
cussion. He wjluld not depart from it. The wide
field which might be opened on the general discus-
sion of a bankrupt law he would leave to others who
had better health and more strength to go through
with it. He would merely make a few remarks on
that part of the bill which the gentleman from New
Jersey (Mr. Win) proposed as a substitute for the
bill reported by the Committee on the Judiciary, which
embraced in it corporations.
The substitute provides for the case of voluntary
bankruptcy, as the bill before the Senate does. It
provides, also, for the case of involuntary or compul-
sory bankruptcy of natural persons, and it embraces
the bankruptcy of corporations. To the first he gave
his most hearty assent, and to the second he would
also cheerfully give his support if it were brought
forward disconnected with the others. To the third
he had insuperable objections, which he would pro-
ceed to lay before the Senate.
Before he proceeded, however, he must state his
deep regret that all these subjects were united in
one bill. They were not necessarily connected with
or dependent on each other. Congress had a right
to establish uniform law s on the subject of bankrupt-
cies throughout the United States. Separating the
three subjects into three bills he thought by far the
most fit method of proceeding.   Then each would
