June, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
841
96th Coko.".1st Ssss.
Indepmdmt Ttottaury—Mr. Hand.
H- of Reps.
SPEECH OF MR. HAND,
OF NEWYORK,           '
fu Ou Hmtm tf RrprcteRiaKi**, Jvmt 97,  1840—In
Committee of the Who  on the/ Independent
Treasury hill:                 \
Mr. Chairman: I hope tie importance of the
subject before us, warran's aae in" detaining the
committee a short time, in giving the reasons for
my vote. I am fully aware of t e impatience of
many to occupy the floor for ~ú t same purpose,
and shall therefore enter at once upon the subject,
without prefatory circumlocution, or attempt at
display. I do so, too, from necessity; for although
I have felt the glow, kindled by the power of som*
gemlemen who have addressed this  committee, I,
pretend f  ne- such power?; and were it otherwise,
I hare felt how deep may be the impression cf elo-
qtenee upon the feeling?, without convincing the
judgment, which alone should be the object of
speaking here.
The simple question before as is, what is the best
mode f >r the receipt, custody, and disbursement of
the public money. This is said to open the whole
questions of political economy, and ot the currency.
That it may aflect the latter, I do not deny, but
that queseóos of currency are legitimately wkbin
otar j'insdic ion, I doubt, for reasons whieh I shall
give in closing my remarks. Bat so the subject
has been handled before this committee, and there-
fore I feel rompe lied to advert to it.
The opponents of this great measure, however,
■tart a rrehminary objection. They put in what
would be professionally caled, a "dilatory plea"
They insist that the subject should be pretermitted
for the present, that the people, at the approaching
election, may approve or reject it. Sir, the people
have passed upon this measure, and we are here,
as their agents, to cirry out their expressed will.
Bat the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Cusbino,] says, the peeple were "decoyed." This
sir, is the oH cry, and underrates the sense of that
people. The gentleman is mistaken. A majority
of the people, after their pre-elected servants had
twice rrj et d this measure, deliberately and un-
derttandii gly approved it.
Here, perhaps, it is proper for a moment, to ad-
vert to the resoln'ion-c, or quasi instructions of thi
Legislature cf my own State, on this subject,
which I now hold in my band. My colleague,
[Mr. Strong,] has left me little to say here.
While I desire to treat that Legislature with all
dae respect, and while I subscribe to the right of the
eomfifaeat to instruct the Representative, I mnst
dissent from the reasoning, as well a* the con-
clusions, found in these resolutions Their
premises, with other objections, will be matter of
argument before I resume my seat. But the con-
elusions pot forth by that body, that I shall "con-
form my acts and votes to the expressed will and
best interests of my constituents, by steadily and
faithfully opposieg this measure," and that "any
Representative in Congress, who thall persist in
advocating this project, and ur?ing its adoption,
will misrepresent the views, wishes, and interests
of his constituents," are not justified by the facts.
Sir, two ont of three members of that body, from
my district, were elected as friends of this measure;
•ad this measure, too, at the time of my own
election, was made a prominent, and a test
question. I should be recreant to every represen-
tative duty were I to disobey stick instructions.
On word more, and then I have done with this
•npleasant matter. A majority of that body are
pleased to say, that in persisting to advocate this
  projec*, and urging its adoption, my "conduct will
merit and receive their unqualified disapprobation."
Sir, I am sent here to advocate 'his measure, by
those who gave me this seat. To my constituents
alone, and not to others, em I amenable. By
what an haitv, then, does that body declare, thai
in doing my plainest duty, I shall "merit" the dis-
approbation of those who have no supervision
over my conduct? Do they not arrogate too much?
How different rtis language from that of our
Legislature in 1833, in advancing a somewhat
an'agonistic sentiment: "That it is. the sentiment
of this Legislature, that the charter of the Bank of
the United States ought not to be renewed, and that
oar Senators in Congress be instructed, and oar
Representative  respectfully   requested,   to   vote
against said renewal."    * Plain, simple, respect-
ful, and direct.    Sir, I freely admit that many
of my intelligent constitrents are opposed to this
measure.     They'evinced that opposition at tha
polls when  I was elected; but they would be the
first to condemn a breach of faith in their R p'e-
sentative.    But I has'en to the business before us.
The history of our currency, Mr. Cha rman, is
brief but eventful.    The old Congress, Dcember
3lst, 1781, chartered the Bank of North America,
which commenced operations 7th January, 1782.
Oa the 25th of February, 1791, Congress chartered
the Bnk of the United Staes, with a capital of ien
millions.    Ths charter   expired  4 h of   March
1811.   On the 10th of April 1816, another United
States Bank was chartered, for the term of twenty
years, wiih a capital of thirty-five millions.     The
Legislatures  of the   States   have also chartered
many banks.     In 1792, the aggregate capital of *
all  the   banks was about eighteen million*; in
1800,   over thirty   million1:;   in   1820, over one
huadred and thirty millions; in 1840, ever three
hundred and fifty millions; and their number had
increased to over nine hundred.    In my own State
this increase has also been progressive; in 1800, we
It had a capital of about three anda half millions; in
1810, seven and a half millions; 1820, twenty-one
millions; 1830,   twenty-four millions; 1840,   over
fifty-six millions.
Here I would remark, that, under the safety
fund law, passed in 1829, which my colleague
[Mr. Hdnt] thinks evidence of Mr. Van Buren's
hostility to the banks and business of the country,
but on*, bank has failed, and bv that the bill ho'ders
lose nothing; whereas, from 1819 to 1830, inclu-
sive, nine banks, not under that system, failed in
that State, with an aggregate capital of $2,650,000,
and with almost total Iosí to the bill holders. I
will add, too, that my colleague, in commenting on
the distribution of bank stocks in that State,
omitted to inform ns, that while the Democratic
party there held every branch of the Government,
a law was passed requiring all stocks of newly
chartered banks to be «old at auction. He omitted
to state, too, when charging us as being the real
bank party, that after the Democratic party had
been defeated in that State, and an overwhelming
mtjori'yof his own political friend  returned to
the popular branch of our Legislature, a free
banking law was passed, by which the number of
banks has been almost doubled, and some of them
chartered thereby for the period of four thousand
and fifty years; and that under that system some
of the finest lands in the State have been mortgaged
a« capital for banking. He omitted to sta'e, too,
how his political friends voted on ihe questions of
incorporating banks, when they were in a mi-
nority.
But I proceed. First, let us for a moment look
at the changeable circulation of all our banks.
From tables and reports, it appears that in 1815
their circulation was about forty-five millions. In
1816, sixty eight millions—twenty-three millions
more. In 1820, it had settled back again to forty-
five millions. In 1830, it amounted to sixty-one
millions, and was up to ninety-five millions in 1834
—an increase, in four years, of thirty-four millions.
One year more added nine millions; another year
added thirty-six millions; the next, nir.e millions
more; making it then (1837) the enormous amount
of one hundred and forty-nine millions. In 1838,
down to one hundred and sixteen millions—a fall-
ing off of thirty-three millions. In 1839, up to
one hundred and thirty-four millions; now down
o one hundred and six millions—a falling off of
twenty-eight millions, and probably still falling,
for obvious reasons. That of the Bank of the
Uni'ed 8iate3 has been equally vari b'e. It took
the lead in the decrease ol c rculation, and its suc-
cessor, in 1837, decreased its circulation from
twenty-three millions to seven millions—a dif-
ference of sixteen millions. In the State of New
York, the circulation of the bank , other than
those under the recent general banking law, was
twentj-four millions in 1837, twelve millions in
1838, up to nineteen millions in 1839, down to t n
millions in 1840 The circularon of those under
the general law, about a year since, was considera*
ble; but that is probably now diminishing. Mr.
Crawford informs us that, in 1816, the entire cur-
rency of th; country was over one hundred and ten
millions; in 1819, as low as forty five millions—
falling off, in three years, the enormous amount of
sixty-five millions!
Sir, let us look at the loans and discounts for a
few past years. Tnese were low in 1828, 1829,
1830. In 1830, they amounted to $200,000,000.
In 1834, they had risen to $324.000,000—augment-
ing one hundred and twenty-four millions in four
years. The next year there were added forty-one
millions, and the next ninety-two million¡ more,
and the next, (1837,) sixty-eight millions more;
reaching the enormous sum of five hundred and
twenty-five millions! Then they began to abate,
and went down forty mi1 lions the first year, and
have continued falling, probably below lour hun-
dred and fifty millions now, and would be much
less if debtors could pay. In the State of New
York the amount has been very changeable. In
1837, the loans and discounts of our chartered
banks were seventy-nine millions. In 183$,
eighteen millions less. In 1839, seven millions
were added. In 1840, down to attj-two millions;
and this last reduction, amounting to sixteen mil-
lions, was made in three month*. The loans and
discounts of the Bank of the United States bave
been equally variable. In 1832, up to sixty-six
millions. In 1834, down to forty-five millions—
decrease, twenty one millions. In 1835, up again
to sixty-five millions—increase, in one year, twen-
ty million.:.   A ' regulator," indeed !
Such, sir, is a bneJ history of the paper currency
of tfce United States. Can any thing be more mu-
table? But let us look a little at its effects. I will
go back no funher than 1819, when the United
States Bank hid been in full operation more than
two years, and very briefly notice the effects since
that period. Mr. Niles informed us, (vol. 16, page
114,) at that period, "that real estate was rapidly
depreciating in its nominal value; that many re-
spectable merchants were bankrupt, and many
more must "go;" that the banks refused their ac-
customed accommodation, and good notes were
discounted at three per cent per month." Again,
in the same volume, Augu«t 7,1819, he says that
fifty thousand persons in New York, Philade'phia,
and Baltimore, were wholly or partially idle, for
want of employment. In October, of the same
year, he mentions a case of property which cost
#12,500 being sold by mortgage for $2,500. Of
cases in Kentucky. One of a bouse, for which the
owner had been offered $15 0O0, sold for $1,300.
Another, bought for $10,000 $6 000 paid down, and
sold on the mortage for $1,500; leaving the origi-
nal purchaser $2,500 in debt! In November of
that year, he mem ions ihe case of a tailor, in a
country village in Pennsylvania, failing for
$84,000! Of a tract of three hundred acres of
land, with $1,500 of improvements upon it, being
soldfor$300! Again, in May, 1821, he told us
that flour was one dollar per barrel; boards twenty
cents per one hundred feet. That one and a half
bushels of wheat would buy a pound of corlee,
and a barrel of flour a pound of tea. And in Sep-
tember of the same > ear, he informs us that a mil-
ler in Ohio wrote him that he had sold four barrels
of flour to obtain the five dollars which he sent to
pay for the Register!
In 1824, distress again pervaded, the land to an
equal degree. Two gen lemen have given us a
vivid dejenption thereof—men now honorable
Senators, [Messrs Clat and Webst*b1—and the
picture they draw is painful indeed. They speak
of grain, unthrashed, psrishing in the barns and
barn-yards, for want of a market; «finen working,
merely for means of present subsistence; of a fall
in prices, of thirty, ¡: not forty per cent. The same
description would apply to 1628, and partially to
1834. And now we aTe going through another
thorough process of depletion.
S r, this is a has'y, brief, synoptic view cf the
"times" in this country for some years past. I
have endeavored to sketch it rapidly, not being
willing to tax the patience of tha committee whh
too much de'ail, but with perfect fidelity. For a
moment let me mm to othei countries, as gentle-
men before me have done.
