842
26th Coko«—1st Sbss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Independent Treasury—Mr. Hand.
June, 1840.
H- of Reps.
Mr. Chairman, I do not intend to go into a de-
tailed history of the currency of other countries; a
few facts will answer my purpose. And first of
England, to which we have been so often trium-
phantly referred during this debate by the oppo-
nents of this measure. And this part of her his-
tory is foil of material for reflection. What strike
ns at once, in looking at the fiscal concerns of
England, are her bank and national deb!  And it
is a little curious to notice the contemporaneous
march of these. In 16S9, the national debt of
England was only about three millions of dollars.
Five years after, (1694,) the Bank of England was
chartered with a capital of nearly six millions of
dollars, or in other words it loaned one million two
hundred thousand pounds to Government, upon
which it issued bills, on the notion of a transfera-
ble fund, although but little over half the subscrip-
tion was actually paid in by the stockholders.
Against this measure, a strong party was
violently opposed, alleging "that it would
become a monopoly, engross the whole mo-
ney of the kingdom, infallibly be subser-
vient to Government views, might be employed to
the worst purposes of arbitrary power, weaken
commerce by withdrawing money from trade, and
employing it in stockjobbing," and lastly, "produce
a swarm of brokers and jobbers, to prey upon their
fellow-creatures, encourage fraud and gaming, and
further corrnpt the morals of the nation." They
might have added that it would greatly aid Go-
vernment in rapidly augmenting the national debt,
for the facility of borrowing from such a bank,
which soon engrossed ths whole fiscal operations of
the nation, is strongly exemplified by the facts in
this case. Government has borrowed largely of
this Bank, and afterwards the debt was sanctioned
by Parliament, which, no doubt, would not other-
wise have been created. This Bank has been re-
newed several times; the last time in 1833; and I
wish to place the growth of its capital in one view,
with that of the national debt.
Capital of the Bank of England, and the National
Debt at carious peritds:

Capital.

Debt.
1694,
¿1,200,000
1689,
¿664.263
1708,
2,175,027
1702,
16,394 702
1727,
9 375,027
1727,
52,092,238
1800,
11,686,000
1793,
339 350 149
1833,
14,686,800
1634,
779,565,783
This Batik of England suspended specie pay-
ments in 1797, and remained so until 1821. Its
circulation, when it suspended, was about forty-
two millions of dollars, la 1817 that circulation
amounted to one hundred and forty-five millions.
During the next five years it reduced its circulation
nearly fifty millions. In 1814 the whole paper cir-
culation of England was, probably, about two hun-
dred and fifty millions of dollars, which was then
depreciated twenty-five per cent, making a loss to
the public of sixty-two and a half millions; and yet
the dividends of the Bank of England, at this period,
were ten per cent. The currency of England has
been very fluctuating for the last half century. I
have already spoken of the circulation of the
3ank of England. In 1793, one-third of the
country banks became bankrupt, la the pressure
of the years 1814, 1815, and 1816, two hundred
and forty country banks became bankrupt. In
1825, the Bank ot Eigland was all but drained of
specie, and was only saved from suspension by
issuing some old one pound notes. Mr. McCul-
lech informs us that "in 1793,1814, 1815, 1816,
and again in 1825, a very large proportion of ihe
country banks were destroyed, ami produced by
their fall an extent of ruin that has hardly been
equalled in any other country." The Bank of
England did not fail because, unlike the less favor-
ed institutions, it found relief in legalized suspen-
sion in the former periods, and in the latter its one
pound notes enabled it to bend, ti 1 the storm
passel. There have been great fluctuations since
is that country, and recently this bank has borrow-
ed specie of the Bank of France to prevent a fail-
ure; although by its recent charier its notes are
made, by statute, a lawful tender every where, ex-
cept at its own counter. In 1838 alone, there were
one thousand bankrupt cases in England.
I ask the indulgence of the committee, while I
speak further, of England. In 1700, her poor rates
were less than five millions of dollars. In 1783,
not quite ten millions of dolíais. In 1817, they
reached the enormous sum of forty-five millions.
They are less now, by means of a revision in 1834,
by which the poor are lets provided for, and more
starved, upon piinciples of national economy—
not, if you believe their own legislators, because
of less misery and want. Indeed, a report that I
have seen, computed that, in 1815, three millions
out of eleven millions, in England, were paupers;
and recent estimates are, that one in six subsist by
more or less parish aid. Sir, I mu^t ask a mo-
ment of the committee, while I refer to the debates
in Parliament on this subject. Some things found
there can hardly be repeated here with decency, as
there detailed. But I will give one or two as ex-
amples. One member, speaking of the effects
of the "water gruel" given to paupers, informs
us that it "immediately affected them upward and
downward;" and gives us many other, and more
disgusting particulars of its effects. Another mem-
ber, informs us, that a laborer was produced as
witness before a committee of the House, whose
" tottering condition," on account of "deficient
food," would not allow him to stand while testify-
ing, and that this man had a wife and several
children! In addition to this, a separation of young
married persons is often enforced. In short, who-
ever examines the system of English charities will
find the sufferings of "Oliver Twist" but dim
shadowiegs of the reality.
Nor is the agricultural interest more flourishing,
either for the farmer or his hired laborer. Instances
are brought forward in the debates, showing that
too often the rents, rates, and taxes, exceed the in-
come, after the most severe labor and rigid eco-
nomy. So great has this distress often appeared,
that it has engaged the attention of Parliament
with the most intense anxiety. One noble lord, in
1834, ¡said: "if somethng was not done, the fee
simple of the land would soon be in the hands of
the paupers." Nor is the hardy laborer in a better
condition. One member, in 1838, declares that, as
far back as 1795, it was proved that a reduction of J
not less than fifty per cent, had taken place in the ■ ]
wages of agricultural laborers. Another member
says they are in the ttate of white slaves, and «one
off than the negro apprentice of the West Indies;
for the latter coold look forward to a termination of
his bondage. Another tells us that "the English
working classes, far beyond those of any nation in
the world, are the hardest working and worst requited
people;" th¿t "thiiy are the most neglected commu-
nity in existence." The laborer, it is said, does
not get more than half as much solid food per
week as the convict. Th: manufacturing classes
present us the same painful picture. Those who
read, are too familiar with their bayonet sup-
pressed riots, when starved to madness—with the
heart rending accounts of the exhausted and almost
sleepless parent^—of the blighted child, whose
little darkened mind never knew childhood or
pleasure; whose bent, and attenuated frame, never
felt comfort or ease; whose recollections are only
of starvation and weariness; and whose only hopes
are to satisfy hunger, and escape the penalties of
the "hour system." It has been estimated that
eighty-six eighty-sevenths of the population of
England (including paupers) are mere operatives,
to support the remainder in ease and luxury, while
themselves receive but a bare subsistence.
But further. England's debt is about $3,700,-
000,000. Suppose we divide this debt equally
throughout the kingdom—it will amount to about
one hundred and fifty-two dollars to each person,
paupers and all, or one thousand five hundred and
twenty d*llars to a family of ten persons. The
annual interest and expense of th  national debt
alone is nearly one hundred and thirty-eight mil-
lions oí dollars, and, if assessed ratably per poll
throughout the kingdom, would be fifty-six dollars
to every family of ten persons, without payin? one
dollar of the principal. Again, the whole expendi-
tures are nearly two hundred and sixty millions-of
dollars per annum—almost eleven dollars to each
person in the kingdom. Take England alone, with
her equal proportion of the annual expenditures,
and her poor rates, and about fourteen millions for
the clergy, and the total is about two hundred mil-
lions of dollars per annum, or about fifteen dollars
to each person. Probably, deducting women, chil-
dren, paupers, soldiers, sailors, officers, &c. the
burden will fall on about one-tenth of the popula-
tion—the producers—and the proportion to each of
the^e will be about one hundred and fifty dollars a
year. In all, the direct taxes in 1834 were about
twenty-four million ; the customs over one hun-
dred millions; the excise money over eighty mil-
lions. We have had but four direct taxes, in all
amounting to fourteen millions, and no excise since
1802. Tne national debt of England has been
somewhat reduced, very little indeed by payment,
but by the creditor taking reduced or different stock.
The expenditures of Government, with the interest
on the national debt, in time of peace, usually ex-
ceed the income. The payment of this national
debt must be chimerical and hopeless.
Sir, I have spoken of the condition of the peo-
ple of England. I will very briefly speak of other
countries. First of Ireland. She baa her nation-
al bank, which has also had a long period of
ruspension. She has had her small banks,
and they have failed repeatedly. In that country,
too, banking has been carried to a ruinous extent.
But let us look at her laboring classes. I read
from an English author; indeed, all that I state re-
specting European condition, I get from English
amhors, who are never chargeable wiih doing in-
justice to their own countrymen. This I find in
Murray's Encyclopedia of Geography: "The pig
usually shares bis cabin, and is fed like himself on
potatoes. It is too great a luxury to be killed for his
own consumption, but is sold and driven to the
ports, to be salted for exportation." And again,
after describing their habitations as hovels of earth,
without floors, and their beds as merely straw on
the ground, he informs us "his food is potato, with-
out any other vegetable, (for he is a stranger to a
garden,) and only in favorable circumstances, is it
accompanied with milk." And yet this author in-
forms us, that Ireland exports large quantities of
grain and meat; that her exporrs of these to Eng-
land alone, in 1832, were over forty eight millions!
Such, sir, is the condition of Ireland—a land with
more ardent aspirations for freedom, with more
generous hearts and impulses than any other, trod-
den to the dust, producing food for other nations,
while famishing with hunger! No wonder her
generous sons flee from a land overshadowed with
such political miasma, to thi%free land.
And such, too, sir, is England. After a thorough
trial of the f aper sys'em lor one hundred and fifty
years, the mass of her people are more miserable,
.the extremes of ruin and distress come oftener,and
the amount of misery is greater. True, as gentle-
men tell us, she is great among the nations. Her
fleets and armies are large, but sad is the spectacle
of millions groaning with suffering. She has power,
but how was it attained? By plunging the nation
into-insolvency. No one dreams a tithe of her debt
will ever be paid. Acd what good has her power
done the world, while this debt has been accumulat-
ing? What benefit to the world have been her
wars? Has she blessed her one hundred and
twenty-three millions in Asia? Has she been oar
benefactor? D.d sne bless France, by forcing
a King upon that people? Has she not beeen grind-
ing down her oirn people, to invade the rights of
o'hsn? li that people happy at boms? She has
had,snd has sp'endid men and splendid things; but
the happiness of the many, how is that? We have
seen the picture. Sir, she is om great mass of mo-
nopoly and prerogative, cemented together by her pape$
system; and in the midst of all her national glory,
all but a small fraction of ber people are wretched;
and that wretchedness frequently becomes despair,
by the almost periodical fluctuations of ber mone-
tary system. Strong must be his infatuation, who
can cite England as evidence of the advantages of
a paper currency. 1 shoald ci e her as conclave
evidence of its pernicious effects. I do not say,
that S3 stem is the sole cause of the misery resting
on her community, but 1 do say, that misery is
aggravated and perpetuated by monopolies.
How different is France, who has tried this sys-
tem only in a very limited degree.   Her jnhabi-
