3 une, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
84 8
26th Coso«... 1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Hand.
H. of Repp
lants almost all own and occupy a little piece of
)a d, and her people are happy. Her national
debt, though with the power of her arm she has
shaken the political world to its centre, and been
shaken in her torn, within the last half century, is
but a quarter of tint of England- She was aroused
to an effort for freedom by the burden of her old
national debt. I hope some good may come of the
same evil in England. She has, I believe, nearly
ten dollars in specie to one in paper, and no bank
■otes much less than one hundred dollar?,
while England has about half paper currency,
and bank notes but little more th<m a quarter as
large, which in a stress, are often reduced below
five dollars. We, sir, notwithstanding our ablest
statesmen of all parries deprecate i', have bank notes,
sometimes even to fractional parts of a dollar.
Wh?n the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr Os-
Boaiix] the other day, was speak.ug of the sup-
pression of small bills as an experiment, I could
but think ot the strong argument of a distinguished
Senator, [Mr. Webster,] in 1832, in favor of this
measure.
Holland, too, Mr. Chairman, has been sum-
moned as a witness. Sir, s.he has had a bank for
nearly two centuries. But let it not be forgotten
that her commerce was in its zenith before. It was
nearly half the commerce of all Europe. But the
bank mania has never raged there, and those they
have are conducted upon very restricttd and safe
principles. And what is ths result? An English
writer tells us: "Holland is, and always has been, a
country of short credit. Bankruptcy is rare."
That their national character is "solid, steady,
quiet, laborious, eagerly intent on the accumulation
of wealth, which they seek rather by economy,
steadiness, and perseverance, than by speculation."
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Whim] speaks
of her tases. But he forgot to tell us that her po-
pulation is small, and that she has been over and
over again the theatre of contending nations. That,
notwithstanding this, her short credit and no specu-
lation system have made her the great creditor of
the world. But a short time since, she was about
selling cut your own capital.
Sir, this is a brief view of the money matters of'
some parts of Europe, to which honorable gentle-
men have so often referred. I am no blind ad-
mirer of Europe. Americans should inform them-
selves for instruction; but we are a new people, try-
ing a new system of national existence, and we
should, after alt, consult our own good sense, how
best to improve the advantages which God and na-
ture have given us.
Sir, shall we best improve these advantages by
persevering in our present paper system? What
has it led us to already? We have been hurried
into a precocious system of expenditure, and al-
though our national debt proper is extinguished,
yet the States owe Europe about two hundred mil-
lions of dollars, three-fourths of which we have
received in merchandise. In 1830 we were square
with Earope. Now, some of the States owe theie
one-eighth of the amount of all the value of their
real and personal estate! This immense debt
bears an average interest of about five and a quar-
ter per cent, and takes from us annually the sum of
ten and a half millions of dollars, a; interest alone.
Pay back to them the excess of spjcie we have re-
ceived within a few years, and th*n about eight
and a quirter millions of annual interest will re-
main. Already we hav« begun to pay this tribute,
which, with the principal, mast be paid in our pro-
auctions. Last year, our exports of sprcte ex-
reeded the imports about eight mJhons! And
more—in the midst of all this fancied prosperity,
with a territory of about twelve hundred and eighty
millions of acres, about six hundred and forty mil-
lions of which are probably in the limits of actual
occupancy, we have been i nportinz our bread !
Yes, Americans, with the faireit portion of God'a
earth before them, to enter in fee simple and culti-
vate, have gone across the Atlantic, and run in
debt, not only for clothes, but for food !
Sir, I am no tnemy to internal improvements.
Real ones are an lienor and advantage to a people.
But the system must ala ays bear its own weight.
A generation has no more right to fasten an enor-
mous debt upon posterity, except for the preserva-
tion of a nation, than it has to impose servitude;
for it  payment is servitude. The true policy of
nations, like that of individuals, is economy and
prudence. But, s¡r, we have seen our condition as
to public debts. Are we better off as individuals?
Are we not told by gentlemen of the Opposition,
that ruin and distress prevail? Perhaps it is so. I
hope it is not so bad as they assure us. Much
allowance must be made for their groans just be-
fore election. But, sir, I am frte to admit that,
too regardless of the future, we have run a wild
career of speculation and extravagance. Trade,
and not work, has been our business. We are
plunged into debt, and nothing but the recuperative
energies of the people, developed by active indus-
try, can relieve us. Those energies are almost in-
vincible, whf n properly directed, and untramtneled
by privileged restrictions, but with these, seasons
of blight, like the present, will come. That one
has come, I will not deny. Its cause, I do not
doubt. My own State, with all her banks, could
not escape. Her business men have felt the
power of the law, which is sure to follow one of
these expansions. I have attempted to ascertain
the amount of judgments recovered in that State,
from May 1st, 1837, to November 1st, 1839; that
is, from the suspension of the banks to o r last
election. I was started at the result, and hope my
information is incorrect. I shall give this informa-
tion to my constituents, and should not have ad-
verted to it here, did I not suppose this condition
was too common to all the States. Failures
throughout this Union have become familiar.
Things were different forty years ago, when we
had fewer banks. Then a "failure" was a lasting
dú-grace. Now we have grown wiser, and are less
particular.
We «re told that this and the preceding Admi-
nistrations are chargeable with this result. I re-
gret that, on questions of sucfe importance, party
politics had not been forgotten. But, sir, it is no
doubt owing to our paper system. And who is
chargeable with that? Gentlemen have read to us,
to prove that General Jackson encouraged the
banks to accommodate, after the removal of the
deposites. Suppose we admit it, how came he to
do so? Who has forgotten the deafening clamor,
the p'aintive prophecies in and out of Congress,
that the'business of the country would be mined,
for want of bank facilities? Who has forgotten
the bitter denunciations against that veteran pa-
triot, because he dared an attempt to check, in the
least, the headlong career of the wild speculator,
by the "specie circular?" Sir, 1836 brought the
rage of binkine to its grand acme. In the Secre-
tary's tables, (2d sess. 24th Congress,) I find a co-
lumn of the rapital of all the banks "paid in,"
January 1st, 1836, and a column of those 'autho-
rized," December 1st, of the sime year—eleven
months only. Much of the latter increase, by sub-
sequent events, no doubt, was never used, and the
difference (over one hundred and sixty millions, in-
cluding Territories) is not the precisé amount au-
thorized by the several States in that period. But
the columns are a fair indication of the spirit of the
several Legislatures, relative to the system. I leave
out the. Territories, but include this District, and
charge it to Democrats account. If in the state-
ment I am about giving, I Lave mistaken the poli-
tics of any Legi-lature, I hope gentlemen will cor-
rect me. The account stands thus, in round num-
bers:
Whig.                                Democratic.
Vermont,                   $1,000,000   Maine,                        «l.COO.OOO
Massachusetts,           10,500,000   Rhode Island,                 350 000
Pennsylvania,            41,000,000   New York,                  6,000 000
Delaware,                       250,000   New Jerse?,                3,500,000
Maryland,                  21,000,000   District ol Columbia, 1,000,000
South Carolina,           2,250,00J  \ írginia,                         200,000
Louisiana,                  20,000,000   North Carolina,           1,000,000
Tennessee,                   1.000,000   Alabama,                     8,000,000
Kentucky,                    4,000,000   Mississippi,                12,700,000
Indiana,                           600,010   Illinois,                        2 400,100
Ohio,                            4,500,000                                 ------------------
------------------                                    «36,750,000
8106,100,000
The present embarrassment are plainly attributable to exces-
sive banking, and its never failing consequences, and I leave it
to all candid men to decide which of the two great partiesin
this country, is the bank party.
Sir. we have given a sketch of the paper system, at home
and abroad. Facte prove its facilities for plunging a nation
into debt; and we have seen that in Europe, at least, communi-
ties are happier with less, and more miserable with more of it.
Let u  f°ra momentipeak ofprinciples.   Are banks of service
in war?   We have never had a National Bank in time of war.
The battles were all fought, and the day gained, though peace
was not declared before the Bank of North America wa  char-
tered. The Bank of England stopped for nearly twenty-five
years, through the most critical period of England's contest .
No; if a nation is trustworthy, it can always borrow money on
Us own credit.   If it is not, banks will not trust it.
Are they necess&iy in commerce¡ A lew may, if moa care-
fully indulged, be very convenient. They are, as all expe-
rience shows, never indispensable. Barter is the soul of com-
merce, and the balances are regulated by bills of exchange. It
is said that the bills of exchange negotiated in England, during
the ysat 1825, amounted to nearly three thousand millions of
dollars Specie would always be sufficient for the more minute
balances. Property must sooner or later pay the principal
balances. If the Kentuckians send their produce to New
York, they must take property, directly or indirectly, in pay-
ment, or their trade must soon cease. If they require money
alone, and want nothing from New York, or from those who
trade with New York, the purchaser in New York, from the
very nature of the case, soon has no means to buy. If, on the
contrary, as is always the case, they must have the productions
of other States, or countries, direct barter, or (temporarily)
bills of exchange, is the natural mode of business. And as be-
tween nations, one nation never uses the paper currency of
another.
So, too, its fickleness disappoints the farmer. He finds beef,
or wool, or grain, high this year; but as soon as he has well
turned to that,branch, a pressuie is on the maiket, and he is in
debt for his outlay. These continual expansions and contrac-
tions, of which paper currency is so naturally susceptible, and
which inevitably happen, encouraee the business man to launch
out in business and adventure, with an abundance of proffered
facilities, owing to expansions, which are soon followed by con.
tractions, which leave him unsupported to his fate. All the
world is awake with enterprise to daj; to morrow, as it were,
the stillness of Sabbath prevails. Like the opium eater, we
feel strong, rich, and happy, under the stimulus, which is sure
to leave us prostrate. This is its pernicious effect upon busi-
ness alone, without taking into consideration the gambling and
immoral spirit it infuses. These things are incident to the sys-
tem from its very nature. Banks can be increased to any
amount„for the borrowers can, and da establish them, (see Mr.
Spencer's Report as to the United Stares Bank stock,) and the
amount of note3 is illimitable. Not so with specie. Nature
has prescribed its amount. This is substantial and useful, and
money the world {over; the other, is a mere_ promise, which
even rumor may render valueless. God made one, man made
the" other.
But we are told that we shall ruin credit, and one honorable
gentleman brings forward Franklin as its friend. Sir, such
credit as Franklin approved, no man would wish to destroy.
That credit had its foundation in a character well established
for honesly, capability, and industry, which every young man
can establish, and without which he is not to be trusted. Sir,
the young man in this country, of all others, should be encou-
raged; for the world is before him, and his energies are not yet
pent up by disfranchising customs. But he should not be en-
ticed to bankruptcy and villany. Franklin advised him tone
such thing. He taught him that "an empty bag could not
stand upright." Thank God. with health, honesty, industry,
and prudence, the young man in this country issure of success.
But why lure him on with this charm of credit, to dash his
hopes, and tempt his morals, by an almost sure revulsion.
But let us see what this credit costs. Take the ordinary ac-
commodation of a country bank. Its average distance from it 
customers is considerable. The borrower sends for a thousand
dollars for three months. To disburse the whole of it prudently,
and to collect it ready at the day, require, say ten days each.
Perhaps it will cost him five dolíais to send for it. The dig-
count, the interest on the lost time, and the expense of obtain-
ing, are in all about ten and a half per cent. The loans and
discounts, in 1837, were five hundred and twenty-five millions;
ten anda half per cent, on this, would be over fifty-five mil-
lions. This, I admit, is a little too high, as it treats them all
as country banks. The interest on this same sum, at seven
per cent, would be thirty six ai,d three-quarter millions—dif-
ference is over eighteen millions. But there is another view.
I have ascertained from intelligent gentlemen at the head of
them, the annual expensesof a city bank, and of a country bank
of ordinary capital and business, in my own State. Those of the
city bank amount to ten thousand dollars, besides taxes, which
are fire thousand dollars The country bank to about four thou-
sand dollars, and taxes two thousand eight hundred dollars—
average $10,900. There are nine hundred banks; total expen-
diture, at that rate, would be nine millions eight hundred and
ten thousand. The capital of these banks is about three hun-
dred and fifty-eight millions. They usually divide from eight
to ten per cent.; and, including their surplus, (according to Mr.
Toland's report, the United Slates Bank, after beine in opera-
tion sixteen years, had fony-two millions surplus, although Mr.
Spencer, now Secretary of State in New York, in the third
year of its existence, reported to Congress that it had violated
its charter in four particulars,) undoubtedly make at least ten
per cent on their capital, probably much more. It must be
profitable business, or real estate would not be mortgaged as
stock. Ten per cent, is nearly $36.000,000, which, added to the
expenditures above, make nearly forty-six millions, which these
accommodations cos', the borrower, not including loss of time
in its use, or the borrower's expense of doing the business. In-
deed, from all I can learn, the annual expense of banking is
about three per cent, on the capital. But deduct the taxes, as
they are not lost to the people, and I find the average expenses,
including salante, rent, postage, &c. is about seven thousand
dollars. The amount, then, it costs to work the nine hundred
buiks, is about six and one-third millions annnally, which is a
dead loss to the nation, unless counterbalanced by the general
benefits of the system.
Is tins such credit as a prudent father can recommend to a
son? Sir, the system produces nothing. Labor, only, create*
wealth. All the promises in the world, either bank or indivi-
dual, add nothing to the aggregate property in the world A
beneficent God, when he said, "In the sweat of thy face shall
thou eat bread," a dtcree which no device of man can evade,
knew that by industry alone, man would increase his goods, add
to his comforts, and embellish the globe lie inhabits. Mother
Earth is the only bank which never suspends. She issues post
notes, it is true, but she pays interest—ten, twenty, fifty, and
sometimes one, or two, or even three hundred per cent.. Sir,
farming is more profitable to the American "lords of the «oil"
than banking.
