&46                                                 APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                               Jan. 1840.
26th Cong ••• 1st Sess.
ty of inch legislation is doubtful, but that it is not most clear and
undeniable.
I have admitted the exceptions to the general rule,that petition
should be received and considet ed, not only from a regard to the
principle  whieh seem to demand them, but from a regard to
the right of petition itself. My very desire to maintain the sa-
credness of ilia right leads me to desire that it may not be en-
cumbered with a claim to unlimited license.
Thus limited and guarded from abuse, the right of petition is,
next to the right of suffrage, the most important and efficient of
the pol'tical rights secured to the people. Ii carries with it a
tremendous power; for, though it weats the modest garb of a
right to request, it really possesses, by its moral influence, and
by thecortsciousnesaof responsibility which awakens in the re-
presentative body, the power almost of command. The right
of suffrage can be exercised but periodically—that of petition
continually. It is a standing constitutional medium of commu-
nication from the people to "their representatives. Its sacred-
ness should be guarded, therefore, with the most wakeful jea-
lously; and it is thus guarded. There is no right concerning
which the people are more jealous than this. Wo, wo, to the
representative who, under any pretence, however specious,
treats it with contempt. To associate any cdiise.no matter what,
with a practical denial of this right, will be sure to bring it into
discredit, if not to overwhelm it with ruin.
Thus far, Mr. Speaker, 1 hare spoken of the proposed rule
in reference to its application to peiitions. But there is a class
of papers u> which it will apply, of a very different character.
I mean resolutions of Sute Legislatures touching the subject of
slavery. Such resolutions I now hold in my hand, adopted by
the Legislature of my own State at UBlast session, and which it
is my purpose to present to this House as soon as it shall be in
order to do so. Under the operation of the proposed rule, the
reception ef those resolutions will be "considered" as objected
to, and the question of their reception will ba considered as
laid upon the table!
Now, sir, I put it to the State Rights members of this House,
aa well as toall others, whether they are teady to adopt a rule
which shall thus act on resolutions' of the sovereign States of
this Union. The States do not present themselves here in the
attitude of petitioners. They are sovereign States. They ask
nothing;. They exercise the right of resolving, and of making
known to us their resolutions. Such is their true character
and posi'ion. We are not at liberty to assume the possibility of
their passing any resolutions which this House can rightfully
refuse to receive, either on account of their manner or their
matter. And, sir, in accordance with this view of their charac-
ter and their relation to this body, 1 shall, when I present there-
solutiena to which I have referred, announce that I present reso-
lutions of the Legislature of the State of Vermont, which, in the
name of that State, I demand to have read and considered.
And now,sir, I asrainask, Will State Rights gentlemen vote
for a role which shall cast down the sovereign States of this
Union from the high and independent position they thus right-
fully occupy, when their resolves are presented for considera-
tion here?   Sir, they cannot, they will not. do it.
P0W£R OP CONGRESS TO ABOLISH  SLAVARY   AND   THB   SLAVB-
TRADB  IN THB DISTRICT OP COLCMBIA.
I come now, Mr. Speaker, to a grave and important question,
namely, that of the constitutional power of Congress to abolish
slavery and the slave trade in the District of Columbia. The
right to adopt the rule before us, and thereby reject all petitions
and other papers touching that sueject, is claimed on theground
that no such power exists. I have asserted that it does exist,
and i will now proceed to prove it.
All power over this subject is derived from the grant of pow-
er in the Constitution, which derlares (Sec. 8, Art. 1,) that "Con-
gress shall hare power to exercise exclusive legislation in all
cases whatsoever over such District (not exceeding ten miles
square) as may, by cession of particular States, and the accept-
ance of Congress, become the seat of the Government of the
United States."
What is the extent of the power of legislation here granted?
In the first place, it is "exclusive." There is no other concur-
rentjurifdiclion. To the full extent of its power of legislation,
whatever it may be, Congress excludes all other legislation, so
so that the States to whose jurisdiction the territory forming ihe
District originally belonged, have no more power to extend their
legistatim to it, than the S:ates of Georgia or Maine.
In ihe next place, it extenls to "all cases whatsoever." No
effjrt to find langu ige granting a! I possible power of legislation
could have selected terms more comprehensive than these.
"All cases whatsoever"—embracing, of course, a range of ob-
jects as wide, and a power of acting on them as ample and ex-
tended as fall Within the competency of any Legislature.
And this extent ef the power of its legislation is in perfect
accordance with the exclusiveness of the jurisdiction of Con-
gress over the territory. All other legislative authority being
excluded, there arises an obvious necessity that tht of Con-
gress should be complete; otherwise the people of the District
would be left without a Legislature, competent to the necessary
and indispensable purposes of government.
But further. Look at the sweeping language of the grant of
power to legislate for this Disttict, in com rasi with the spec.fic
grants of power to legislate lor the country generally. In re-
gard to the latter, tins Government is one of specifically granted
powers. Thus, for example, in the fiist sixteen clauses of the
8th section oí the 1st article of the Constitution, Conzress is au-
thorized, among other things, to regulate commerce, to coin
money, to establish post offices and post roads, to declare war,
to raise and support armies, and to provide and maimain a
nary, etc. All toe powers (including, of course, the power to
pass laws necessary and proper for carrying these powers into
execution) not thus specifically g.anted, were reserved to the
States, or to the people.
Wow, why was the language changed in the 17th clause of the
8th article, from the specification, as in the previous sixteen
clauses, of particular cases m which Congress migh' lesis'ate,
to the general grant of power to le^isla'e 'in all cases whatso-
ever!" Why did not the 17th clause also speci'.y the particular
cases in which Congress might legislate for the Dismal No
other answer can be eiven to this question than that it was in-
tentadlo grantall legislative power—to make "O exception—to
leave nothing far the control, either of the people of the Dis-
trict,or of any other power; so that the great design of setting
apart a separate distiict for the seat of the Government o( the
United States might be fully answered—namely, that of having
It subjected to the jurisdiction and control of no other power.
Bat again. If the power of Congress to legislate for the Dis-
trict is limited, who is to determine what the limitation rhall
bel   Why exclude the subject of slavery rather than any other
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Slade.
subject? If "all cases whatsoever" mean only some cases,
who is to determine what those some cases arel One may ex-
clude slavery -ar.other the matter of the currency—another the
prohibition of lotteries—another the suppression of duelling—
another,of gambling, and another the power to punish crimes.
What is rightl   Who shall determine?   Who can determino.
Mr. Speaker, ir we leave the plain, intelligible terms of the
grant of power in this case, and resort to implication, we leave
a solid rock for the trembling quicksand, which will sink be-
neath us.
But do any still doubt with regard to the completeness of the
powrr of Congress over this District! If my reasoning has
failed to convince them, let me call your attention to the exposi-
tion given to this clause of the Constitution by distinguished
men at the time of its adoption.
I, Mr. Madison has been justly styled the father of the Constitu-
'    tion.   In the lorty-third number of the Federalist, speaking of
the clause in question, he said:
|       "The indspensable necessity of complete authority at the
seat of Government carries its own evidence with it.   It is a
power exercised by  every Legislature o I the Union—I might
    say, of the world—by virtue of its general supremacy."
"Complete" was the simple, significant, comprehensive term
used by Mr. Madison to express his idea of the power.
Let tne next turn to the debates in the Virginia Convention,
11 during its deliberations upon the adoption ot the Constitution.
¡| Virginia authority, I think, must be eood here on this subject.
11 On look ng into these debates, I find that the clause of the Con-
11 dilution now in question was objected to by several leading
t! members of the convention, expressly on the ground of the un-
limited extent of the power which it conferred on Congress.
' Mr. Grayson said that, "after mature deliberation, he could
' i not find that the ten miles square was to be looked upon even as
I j part of a State; but to be totally independent of all, and subject
I ( to the exclusive legislation of Congre-s." Mr. Mason said
! ¡ "this clause gives an unlimited authority, in every possible case,
• ! within the District." Patrick Henry called it "unlimited, un-
|  bounded authority."
i Mr. Madison, who panicipated in the debate, admitted the
! correctness of the construciion to which I have referred, by re-
plying to the argument against the adoption of the Constitution,
thus drawn from the "unlimited, unbounded authority" which
it conferred—that "there must be a particular cession by par-
ticular States of the District to Congress: and the States may
settle the terms of the cession," and "may make what stipula-
tion they please in it."
I have thus shown—from the express language of the Con-
stitution—from the neces«ary exclusiveness of the jurisdiction
of Congress—from the language of the grant of power in this
case, in contrast with the other grants of power—from the ab-
| sence of every thing from the Constitution which can enable us
! to determine whatexercise of legislative power, if any, shall be
excepted from the grant in question—and from contemporane-
I    ous construction—that Congress possess the constitutional pow-
¡ er to abolish slavery and the slave-trade in the District of C'o-
■ i  lumbia.
And now, Mr. Speaker, let me show you what construction
(  has since been put upon this grant by Congress, by committees
of Congress, by members of Congress from slaveholding States,
by the people of this District, and by men now occupying the
highest stations in this Government.
i |      On the l*t of March, 1816, the House of Representatives, on
i ',  motion of Mr. Randolph, of Virginia, passed the following reso-
j)  lution:
. |     "Resolved, That a committee be appointed to inquire into
¡ j  the existence of an inhuman and illegal traffic in slaves, carried
i'  on in and through the District of Columbia, and to report whe-
, ther any, and what, measures are necessary for putting a stop to
1  the same."
This resolution, it will be obsei ved, did not contemplate the
mere regulating of the slave-trade, hut the annihilation of it.
j  Nobody can pretend that the action of Congress which the reso-
lution contemplated did not involve the whole question of slave-
II   ry here—the power to aliolish the slave-trade manifestly lnclud-
I   ins the power to abolish s'avery.
I The committee appointed under this resolution were Messrs.
Randolph and Kerr, of Virginia, Maryatt, of South Carolina,
Go'dsborottgh, of Maryland, and Mopkinson, of Pennsylvania.
This committee, four of whom were from slaveholding States,
manifested their concurrence with the House in its acknowledg-
ment of the power of Congress over the subject of slavery by
asking for authority to send for persons and papers, which the
House granted.
The committee, on the 30th of April, reported sundry deposi-
tions taken by them, which were ordered to lie on the table.
I And here terminated the whole proceed!n"! Although Mr.
! Randolph, on offering the resolution, ur?ed the necessity of ira-
i mediate action, and declared that'if the business was declined
j Í by the House, he would undertake it himself, and ferret out
| of their holes and corners the villains who carried it on," yet,
j "the business" was never prosecuted beyond the taking and re-
I porting of the depositions, which depositions, by the way, are
not now to be found on the files of this House!
I      The zial of Mi,Randolph and of the committee appears to
|  have suddenly evaporated!   They discovered that they were at-
'    tacking the ' Patriarchal institutions," and shaking what has
¡    since b=en called "the corner-stone of ourrapublican edifice"—
|    and desisted!    Hut they showed, and the House showed, that
I    they  considered the power of Cong, ess over the subject of
I    slavery here to be as complete as over any other subject.
I       On the 11th of January, 1327, the Committee for the District
of Columbia, by their chairman, Mr. Powell, of Virginia, said,
in a report to the House: 'The Congress of the United Stales
has, by the Cms'.itutton, exclusive jurisdiction ever this Dis-
trict; "and has the pow.-r upon this subject, (the imprisonment
ef free negroes as runaways, and their sale into slavery,) as
upsn all other subjects of legislation, to exercise unlimited dis-
cretion."   "Unlimited" was the very word used by Patrick
!  Henry in the Virginia Convention, to express his idea of the
extent oí the power.
I come now to a still more distinct recognition of the power
for which 1 contend.
On the 9th of January, 1829, the House of Representatives,
on motion of Mr. Miner, of Pennsylvania, adopted the following
resolution:
"Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Columbia
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
forth  gradual abolition of slavery within the District, in such
manner that the interest of no individual shall be injured
thereby."
This resolution was passed by a vote of 114 to 66; and Hi*
H. of Reps
worthy of remark that, of those who voted in the affirmative,
eleven were from the Blave States, viz: one from Delaware,
two from Maryland, three from Virginia, one from North Ca-
rolina, one from Tennessee, and three from Kentucky.
On the'29.h of January the Committee lor the District of Co-
lumbia reported a bill, providing, among other things, that no
slave should be imported into the District; and that, upon such
!   importation, the slave should be free, on leaving the District
|   within ten days.    Ol the committee of seven who thus recog-
i   nised the power of Congres-s over the subject of slavery here,
there were four from slave States, viz: two from Virginia and
'wo from Maiyland.
It I urther appears that on the 20th of April, 1830, asimilar
bill was reported by Mr. Washinston, of Maryland, chairman
of theCommittoefor the District of Columbia.
In April, 1836, Mr. Pinckney, of Smith Carolina, chair-
man of a committee on Abolition, read th; following reso-
lutions:
"Resolved, That Congress possess no constitutional authority
to interfere, in any way, with thi institution ofslaverv in any of
the States of this Confederacy.
"Resolved, That Congress ought not to interfere, in any way,
withslavery in the District of Columbia.1'
Here, again, the power to legislate on the subject of slavery
here is clearly admitted, by the marked difference in the phrase-
ology of the two resolutions; the first expressly declaring that
Congress have no constitutional power to interfere with slavery
in the States, while the second merely declares that Congress
ought not to interfere in this District, omitting all reference to
'he Constitution.
In accortlance with these proceedings, which show the recog-
nition by the House of Representatives and its committees of
the power in question, is the presentation by members of
Congress from the slave States of Abolition memorials, viz:
By Mr. Rhea, of Tennessee, January 14, 1828, from citizens
of that State, for the gradual abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia.
By Mi. Saunders, of North Carolina, December 13,1824,from
citizens of that State, praying for the gradual abolition of slavery
in ihe United States.
By Mr. Barney, of Maryland, on the 11th of February, 1828,
from citizens of Baltimore, for the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia.
By Mr. A. H. Shepperd, of North Carolina, March 30, 1828,
: from citizens of that State, praying Congress to take measures
for the entire abolitian ef slavery in the District of Columbia;
and
By Mr. Washington, of Maryland, March 5 1830, from in-
habitants of the county of Frederick, in that State, for the same
object.
To these expressions of opinion by individual members of
Congress from slave States, I add that of Alexander Smyth, of
Virginia, in the debate on the Missouri question, in January, 1820,
in which he said:
"If the future freedom of the black is your real object, and
not a mere pretence, why do you not begin herel Within the
ten miles square you have undoubted power to exercise exclu-
sive legislation. Produce a bill to emancipate the slaves in the
District of Columbia, or, if you prefer it, to emancipate those
born hereafter."
From these recognitions of the power in question, I turn to
admissions of the power by the people of this District.
In the year 1802, the Grand Jury of the county of Alexandria
made a formal presentment of the slave trade as a "grievance."
Hiving described the trade, with its horrible and heartrending
atrocities, they say: "We consider these grievances demanding
J   leeislative redress."
|      Letinestopa moment to consider the language of this pre-
I   sjntment—"grievances!"   We have been toltl that slavery and
:   the slave trade here are no grievance, whose redress can be
prayed for, because Congress have no power over the subject.
Not so thought the Grand Jury of Alexandria.  And then, again,
we are told that slavery and the slave trade are no grievance to
the people of the North, because their interests are not affected
by them.   How were the interests of the grand jurors of Alex-
andria affected by what they presented as a grievance!   It did
not. take away their property—it did not destroy their health, or
endanger their lives, but it riutraged their feelings; and there-
:   fore it was a "grievance."   It outrages the feelings of my con-
stituents; and therefore it is a grievance to them.   It is an out-
,    rage committed under the authority of the laws of Congress,
|    for which they share a responsibility; and therefore they ask for
,     their repeal.
But Ihavein my hand a still stronger expression on the sub-
ject from this District.   It is a memorial earnestly praying for
1    the abolition of slavery and the slave trade here, signed by more
than eleven hundred citizensof the District, presented to Con
gress in 1629; among the signers of which were Chief Justice
Cranch, Judge Morsell, and Gen. Van Ness", besides a large hum-
i    ber of others'of the most intelligent and respectable of the inha-
bitants of the District.   And now, sir, listen to the expression
!     of their opinion upon the power of Congress.
After describing in glowing language the horrors of the slave
trade here, comparing it with the foreign slave trade, denounced
and punished as piracy, and speaking of "the reproach of in-
consistency cast upon the free institutions established among
i     us," they say:
"We behold tho'se scenes continually taking place amone us,
and lament our inability to prevent them.   The people of this
District have, within themselves, no means of legislative re-
.    dress; and we therefore appeal toyoar honorable body as the
l    only one invested by the American Constitution with the power
i |    to relieve us."
' Two years after the presentation of this memorial, viz: in
I January, 1830, the Grand Jury of the county of Washington ex-
! pressed their conviction of the power of Congressover this sub-
ject, in a communication addressed to the chairman of the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, in which they gave an ap-
palling description of ihe slave trade,'and declared that "the
inhuman practice is no shocking to the moral sense of the
community, as to call loudly for the interposition of Con-
gress."
Let me present you, Mr. Speaker, with the additional testimo-
ny of two distinguished men, and 1 shall have done with theqiies-
tion of constitutional power. I refer to the declarations of the
two highest officers of this Government.
In the United States Senate on the 1st of February, 1820, in
• the debate on the Missouri question, Richard M. JoBnbon of
Kentucky said:
"In the District of Columbia, containing a papulation of
80,000 souls, and probably as many slaves as tie whole Territory
