é52
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Slade.
H. of Reps.
in 1787—Benjamin Franklin, President; Dr. Rush, Secretar .
The New York Society was formed in 17e5—J.>hn Jay, Pre-
sident, afterwards Alexander Hamilton. The Maryland Soci-
ety was formed in 1789. Amen'its officers were Jud-jo Chase
and Luihei Martin. In 1790 the Connecticut Society was formed
—Dr. Stiles, President, and Simeon Baldwin, (late Judge B dd-
wio,) Secretary. In the same year the Vn ginia Society was
formed—Robert Pleasants, President; and also the New Jersey
Society, which had an acting committee oifive members in
each county in the State. In reference to these societies, 1 find
in the "Anti-Slavery Examiner," which I hold in my hand,
the following:
"Among the distinguishen individnals who were efficient of-
ficient officers of these Abolition Societies, and delegates from
their respective State Societies at the annual meeting of the
American Convention for promoting the abolition of slavery,
were Hon. Uriah Tracy, Uniled States Senator from Connecti-
cut; Hon Zsphania Swift, Chief Justice of the same State;
Hon. CiBJar A. Rodney, Attorney General of the United States;
Hon. James A. Riyard, United States Senator from Delaware;
Governor Bloomfield, of New Jersey; Hon. Wm. Rawle, the
late venerable head of the Philadelphia Bar; Messrs. Fosterand
Tillinghast, of Rhode Island; Messrs. Rid.zely, Buchanan, and
Wilkinson of Maryland; and Messrs. Pleasants, McLean, and
Anthony, of Virginia."
for the purpose of showing the principles and objects of these
societies, let me refer briefly to the constitutions of two of them,
and the memorials to Congress of two others.
The following is the preamble to the Constitution of the
Pennsylvania society:
"It having pleased the Creator of the world to make of one
flesh all the children of men, it becomes them to consult and
promote to each other's happiness as membets of the same
family, however diversified they may be by color, situa'ion, re-
ligion, or different states of society. It is more especially the
duty of those persons who profess to maintain for themselves
the rights of human nature,and who acknowledge t he obligations
of Christianity, to use such means as are in their power t j ex-
tend the blessings of freedom to every part of the human
race, and in a more particular manner to such of their fellow-
creatures as are entitled to freedom by the laws and constitu-
tions of any of the United States, and who, notwithstanding,
aredetained in bondage by fraud or violence. From a full con-
viction of the truth and obligation of these principles—from a
desire to diffuse them wherever the miseries and vices of sla-
very exist, and in humble confidence of the favor and support
of the Father of mankind, the subscribers have associated
themselves under the title of the "Pennsylvania Society for Pro-
moting the Abolition of Slavery and the Relief of Free Negroes
unlawfully held in Bondage."
Thejollowing is part of the preamble to the Constitution of
the New Jersey Society:
"It is our b Jast that we live under the Government, wherein
life, liberu, and the pursuit of happiness, are recognised as the
universal rights of men. We abhor that inconsistent, illiberal,
and interested policy which withholds those rights from an
unfortunate and degraded class of our fellow-creatures."
The Connecticut and Virginia Societies sent memorials to Con-
gress    The fo lowing is an extract from the former:
"From the sobsr c Jnviction of the unrighteousness of slavery,
your petitioners have long beheld with grief our fellow-men
doomed to perpetual bondage in a country which boasts of her
freedom. Yoar petitioners were led by motives, we conceive,
of general philanthropy [now it is "fanaticism"] to associate
ourselves together for the protection and assistance of this un-
fortunate part of our fellow-men."
The memorial of the Virginia Society is headed, "The me-
morial of the Virginia Society for promoting the abolition of
slavery."   The tottuwios. is an extract:
"Your memorialists fully believing that slavery ¡a not only an
odious degradation, but an outrageous violation of one of the
most essential rights ofhumnn nature, and utterly repugnant
to the precepts of the Gospel," &c.
It would seem to be an appropriate closing of this maw of
testimony to read, as I will now beg permission todo, an ex-
tract from a sermon of President Edwards, the youneer,
preached before the Connecticut Abolition Society, September
15, 1791.
•Thirty years ago (said he) scarcely a man in this country
thought either the slave trade or the slavery of negroes to be
wrong; but now, how many and able advocates in private life,
in our Legislatures, and in Congress, have appeared, and open-
ly and-irrefragably pleaded the rights of humanity, in this as
well as other instances? And if we judge of the future by the
past, within fifty years from this time [the fifty years are about
exp ring Hit will be as shameful for a manto hold a negro
slave as to be guilty of common robbery or theft."
Upon the testimony thus presented, I cannot, Mr. Speaker,
find time for an extended commentary. Nor do I deem it ne-
cessary. It seems to me impossible that it should have failed to
convince all who have heard it, that, so far from there having
been an implied pledge <n the part of the free States, that the
subject of slavery should not be agitated, there arose necessa-
rily, from the common sentiment of that period in regard to
slavery, from the perfect freedom with which it was evory
where assailed, and from the general expectation of its speedy
abolition, an implied pledge on the part of the slave States that
no obstacles should be interposed to the freest action of public
sentiment in regard to it-, but that they would, in fact, continue
to co-operate, as they weie then co operating, with the phitan-
Unopists of the North, in producing a public sentiment that
should, "at no distant day," put an end to the evil.
VIOLATION OP IMPLIED PLSDGE OP THE SOUTH TO THE NORTH.
And now, Mr. Speaker, let me look a little at the manner in
which the pledge of the South to the Nonh has been redeemed;
or rather, I ought to say, at the extent of Us violation. If you
will accompany me in a brief examination, I will show you
how slavery has increased its numbers—acquired new territory
—enlarged in power—claimed exemption from all opposition—
and trampled down the dearest rights of freedom, in its march
to uncontrolled dominion.
In 179 J the slave population amounted to •          •      697,867
Now mark its increase:
In 1800 it was.....893,041
In 1810 it was.....1,191.364
In 1820 it was.....1.538664
In 1830 it was.....2 009,031
In 1840 probable number,   -                                   2,700 000
Slavery was to be abolished "at no distant day !" and yet it
aai increased to two million seven hundred thousand!    And In
that very State from which Washington, Jefttrson, Bladison'
Henry, and others predicted, and prayed for its speedy extir-
pation, are slaves now actually raised for exportation.
Mr. Garland of Virginia here interposed, and denied the
truth of the assertion. Mr. S. perceiving that the remark had
excited some sensibility, and desiring to avoid seeming to cast
reproach upon Virginia, passed it over by remarking that the
District of Columbia was notoriously a market lor the surplus
siavea in the neighboring counties of Virginiaand Maryland, and
that slaves thus purchased were annually shipped in large
numbers to Southern markets. On the day lollowing, Mr
Garland, ir. his reply to Mr. S. having spoken to his allusion
to slave breeding in Virginia as "the repetition of a base
slander of tliat prince of demagogues, Daniel O'Connell," Mr, S.
asked permission to read, in proof of his assertion, the follow-
ing account of the declarations of distinguished Virginians
which he found in "Jay's View of the action of the Federal Go-
vernment in behalf of Slavery."
In the Legislature of this State, in 1832, Thomas Jefferson
Randolph declared that Virginia had been converted into 'one
grand menagerie, where men are reared for the market like
oxen for the shamble.' Thj  same gentleman thus compared the
foreign with the domestic traffic:' The trader (African) receives
the slaves, a stranger in aspect, language, and manner, from the
merchant who brought him from the interior. But here, sir,
individuals whom the master has known from infancy—whom
he has seen sporting in the innocent gambols of childhood—who
have been accustomed to look to him for protection, he tears
from the mother's arms, and sells into a strange country—
among a strange people—subject to cruel taskmasters. In my
opinion, it is much worse.'
"Mr. Gholsou of Virginia, in his speech in the Legislature of
that State, January 18,1831, (see Richmond Whig,) says: The
legal maxim of partus sequilar ventrem is coeval With the ex-
istence of the rights of property itself, and is founded irrwiadom
and justice. It is only on the justice and inviolability of this
maxim that the master foregoes the service of the female slave,
has her nursed and attended during the period of her gestation,
and raises the helpless and infant offspring. The value of the
property justifies the expense; and I do not hesitate to say tnat
in its increase consists much of our wealth."
"Professor Dew, now president of the College of William and
Mary, Virginia, in his review of the debate in the Virginia Le-
gislature in 1831, '82, speaking of the revenue arising from the
trade, says: 'A lull equivalent being thus left in the place of the
slave, this emigration becomes an advantage to the State, and
does not check the black population as much as at first view we
might imagine, because it furnishes every inducement to the
master to attend to the negroes, to encourage breeding, and to
cause the greatest number possible tobe raised. Virginia is, in
fact, a negro raising State for other Slates.'
"Mr. C. F. Mercer asserted in the Virginia Convention of
1829: 'The tables of the natural growth of the slave population
demonstrate, when compared with the increase of us numbers
m the Commonwealth for twenty years past, that an annual re-
venue of not less than a million and a half of dollars is derived
from the exportation of a part of this population.' "
Mr. Sladb proceeded. With the incresse of slaves from
697,897 to near two millions and three quarters, have the num-
ber of the slave States increased flora six to thirteen, three of the
new slave States being formed from territory purchased with
the common treasure of the nation; so that the North has ac-
tually paid her money to purchase new fields te be moistened
with the sweat and blood of slavery, instead of having ths pro-
mj-ied aid of the South, in getting rid of the national evil i
The number of representatives, on account of the slave popu-
lation, has increased to twenty-five, and will probably rise to
thirty, after the next census. Let toe show you, Mr. Speaker,
the strange results of this principle of "slave representation" on
this floor.
The slave States, whh a-free population of 3,823,000, have one
hundred representatives; while the free States, with a popula-
tion of7,003,0U0, have but one hundred and forty-two. Look at
this in some of its details.
Virginia, with a population of 741,000, has twenty one repre-
sentatives, while Ohio, with a population of 947,000, has
but nineteen. The free Stale, with a I roe population of 206,000
more, hai a representation of two less.
Pennsylvania, with a population of 1,347,900, has twenty-
eight representatives, while South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama,
Mississippi, and Louisiana, with a population of 912,000, being
435,800 less than Pennsylvania, has the same number. I might
pursue this comparison; but I have gone far enough to show
trie great disadvantage to which the free States have been sub-
jected by yielding to the South a slave representation, for which
they obtained in the compromise no substantial equivalent, as
I will now show.
'l he Constitution provides that "representatives and direct
taxes shall be apportioned among the several States which may
be included within this Union, according to their respective
numbers, which shall be determined by adding to the whole
number of free persons * * • throa-fil'tha of all other per-
sons," that is, three-fifths of the sUves. This extra burden of
taxation on account of slaves was regarded as some compensa-
tion to the North for the extra advantage to the South of a slave
representation. Now, sir, let us see how this consideration for
the concession has failed.
By a letter of the 26th of January, 1838, in reply to a call for
information from the Register of the Treasury, it appears that
the whole ofithe receipts into the Treasury of theUnitel States,
from the 4th of March 1769, to the 31st of December, 1836, had
been:
From Customs,                            #682,957,784 47
Internal revenue,                    22,253,045 38
Postage,                                   1,092,227 52
Direct taxes,                           12,742.294 64
•719,045,352 01
The rsceiptsfor the last three years
have been ....   96,731,262 48
«815,776 614 49
It thus appears that of more than eight hundred and fifteen
millionsof receipts, about twelve millions and three-quarters,
only have been from direct taxation, and, even of this, the
North has, of course, paid her proportion. Such is the practi-
cal equivalent which has been leceived for a concession which
has enabled the South, by a representation of slave pi operty, to
control thedetunies of the country for fitly years—a',concession
which no on  bow baiter   would hat* been Bad , but for th 
assurance which I have shown was felt, an assurance encou-
raged by the slave States themselves, that slavery should, "atno
distant day," be abolished throughout the country.
But while the rendering of the constitutional equivalent for
the slave representation has thus been avoided when money wag
to be paid, we find the compromise fully carried out when mo-
ney is lobe received. Thus theratioof representation, includ-
ing the representation in the Senate, was made the basis of the
distribution of the surplus revenue by the act of 1836, giving, of
course, a disproportionate amount to the slave States Thus the
thirteen free States, with a population of 7,003,000, received
 21,410,77/ 12; while the thirteen slave States, with afree papu-
lation of 3,823,000, received $16,053,082 85' So that there was
received for etch free inhabitant of the slave States $4 20; while
for each inhabitant of the free States there was received but
«3 06!
While considering the subject of the concession to the South
of a slave representation, one cannot help inquiring what—
since so much is said of implied compromises—were the real
compromises ol the Constitution, in connection with the sub-
ject of slavery! What did each party actually concede to the
other?
There was conceded to the South the stipulation to deliver up
fugitive slaves—pro.action against domestic violence—a con-
tinuance of th  slave trader wenty years—and the three-fifths re-
presentation of slave property. Surely these are large conces-
sions to be made in favor of slavery. And what concession
was made to the North in return? None, except the stipulation
just re ferredlo, in regard to direct taxation, which has, as I have
shown, amounted to nothing.
Does not this glaring inequality of concession give irresisti-
ble force to the argument which I have drawn fiom the history
of those times, to show that it was the general expectation that
slavery would be soan abolished? Is it possible to believe that
such concessions would have been made in favor of slavery,
(concessions to wrong, not to right,) if any body had suspected
that it was not to be abolished, but to be cherished, increased,
and made permanent? Did any body dream that the concession
of a "three-fifths" representation would, within fifty years,
bring into Congress thirty representatives—a representation of
two millions seven hundred thousand slaves? But, more than
all—could it have been thought of, or, if thought of, could the
idea have been endured for a moment—that that concession was
to be used as an engine of political power? that the destinies of
the country were actually to be controlled by the representa-
tion which slavery should bring into this hall, and ihe votes
it should give in the elections of the Chief Magistrates of the
country?
Mr. Speaker, the history of slavery in this country for the
last thirty years, has been a history of encroachment without
a parallel—encroachment involving as gross a violation of im-
plied pledges as can well be conceived. Let facts speak on
this subject; and that they may speak in the best manner, and
to the best effect, let me read to the House an extract from
a speech delivered in the Senate of the United States some
two years ago, by Governor Davis ol Massachusetts, whose
sound, prac ical sense, for which he is so much and so de-
servedly distinguished, seized upon the strorg points iu thi 
matter of Southern encroachment, and presented them in the
following language:
"This interest (slavery) has ruled the destinies of the Repub-
lic. For forty out of lorry-eight years, it has given us a Pre-
sident from its own territory, and of its own selection. During
all this time it has not only had a President sustaining its own
peculiar views of public policy, but, through him, has held and
used in its own way the whole organization of all the Depart-
ments, and all the vast and controlling patronage incident to that
office, to aid it in carrying on its views and policy, as well as to
protect and secure to it every advantage."
"Lei us explore a Utile further, and see how the two Houses
of Congress have been organized. For thirty years out of
thirty-six that interest has placed its own Speaker in the chair
of the other House, thus securing the organization of commit-
tees, and the great influence of that station. And, sir, while all
other interests have, during part of the time, had the chair (Vico
Presidency) in which you preside assigned to them, as an
equivalent for these great concessions, yet, in each year, when
a President pro tern, is elected, who, upon the contingencies
mentioned in the Constitution, will be the President of ths
United States, that interest has invariably given us that officer.
Look, Ibeseech you, through all the plac. s of honor, of profit,
and privilege; and there yo  will find the representativesof this
interest in numbers that indicate its influence. Does not, then,
this interest rule, guide, and adapt public policy to its own
views, and fit it to suit the action and products of its own
labor?"
In connection with the view thus presented by Governor Da-
vis, let me refer to the progress of the influence of slavery in
the elections of the rJfesidiog officers of this House. The ter-
mination of the present Congress will complete fifty two years
from the organization of the Government. During the first
twelve years the Speakers were from Pennsylvania, Connecti-
cut, New Jersey, and Massachusetts; during the next six years
from North Carolina; the next four years I rom Massachusetts;
the next nine years from Kentucky arid South Carolina; the
next year from New York; the next four years from Virginia
and Kentucky; the next two years from New York; and the last
fourteen years from Virginia and Tennessee.
Dividing the whole term, as near as may be,, into three equal
periods, it appears that, for the first seventeen years, the chair
was filled twelve years from the North, and five years from the
South; for the next seventeen years five from the North, and
twelve from the South; and for the last eighteen years two from
the North, and sixteen from the South I
Such a result as this needs no comment. It speaks for itself,
and speaks a language not to be misunderstood.
For further evidence of the power of slavery and its disposi-
tion to encroachment, I might, if I had time, refer to numerous
important questions which have been decided in Congress, in
which the power of the three-fifths representation has had a
controlling effect. I might also speak of the existing relations
between the States of Georgiaand Maine, and Virginia and New
York, growing out of the extraordinary claims of Georgia and
Virginia in connection with slavery. I might refer to the fre-
quent threats of violence—to the scenes of Lynching—to tha
violation of the mails—and to the violation of the Constitution,
in denying to the free colored citizens of the North the privilege 
of citizens in the Southern States of this Union. But time would
fail me:
Upon thi  latter topic, howew, I cannot refrain from dwell-
'ng, for a moment, for th  purpose of calling th  attention of um
