APfrfiftfttfc TO fMfe COftQiJESSlOUAL Gtoftft.                                   851
£6th Coko....1st Bess.
•Since this speech was delivered, one of the Senators from
Arkansas [Mr. Ssvibb] has declared, in the Senate, that he
would never vote for the admission of another free State into the
Uiwm, unless there should be anew slave ¡state to balance it.
Molition Petitions—Mr,
the North. But I do com plain that they have been admitted as
slave 8tatea; and especially that there are among them States
whose territory formedno paitoflhe,OidThirteen,"and which
have, therefore, brought into the Union an addition to the bur-
den and weakness and curse, from which, at the adoption of
the Constitution, it was universally expected the country would
soon be delivered
But more especially do I complain that it has come tobe
avowed as a settled principle of national policy that the slave
power is to he maintained in its existing relative strength, by the
admission of new slave States. Mow strongly does this con-
trast with the public sentiment and policy at the time of
the formation of the Constitution. Slavery, which was then
doomed, by the general judgment oí the country, to speedy de-
struction—the subject of almost universal execration—now
«aises its brazen front, and claims to be legarded as an essential
element of, and to have its relative political' power carefully
maintained in, this Union oí freedom!                                     •""
But this is not all. Fearing that, in the vast territory West
and North of Missouri, the indomitable spirit of Northern en-
terprise may raise up new States to add to the empire of free-
dom, and diminish the relative strength of slavery, the South
turns its eyes to the wide domain and fruitful soil of Texas,
and seeks to add to our eountry a territory w ,ich may be
manufactured into half a dozen new States to maintain the ba-
lance in favor of slaverj! Yes, sir; slavery has actually en-
tered upon a system of colonizing—colonizing by conquest—
colonizing from a land of freedom—colonizing to bring under
its dominion a country from whose soil, in the advancing power
of free principles, it had just been banished!
- Thus, as slavery sinks in other countries, it rises in this. Ab~
its limits are contracted elsewhere, they are enlarged here.
At the moment that its iron sceptre is broken in the British
-West Indies, are American statesmen devising means to
strengthen and enlarge its dominion in the land yet reddened
with blood poured out to assert and maintain that "all men are-
created equal!"
Where is to terminate this progress of the slave power1} Where
shall its Southward movements cease, until to keep pace
with the westward march of freedom to ihe shores of the Paci-
fic, it shall darken and desolate the fields of Mexico and Gati-
temala, and find the limit of the same ocean at the Isthmus of
Parlen?
But, Mr. Speaker, slavery is not content with a multiplication-
of its victims or an extension of its territorial dominions. It
sees the gathering storm, and prepares to avert it. It under-
stands the power of free discussion, and seeks to suppress its
outbreakings. For this purpose it peneiratesthe free Stat« e—
it surrounds peaceable assemblies with mobs—it destroys print-
ing presses—it kills or follows with persecution their conduc-
tors—it even enters tlie city of Penn, the city where yetBtanJs
the "Hall of Independence," and applies the torch to a noble
edifice dedicated to iree discussion. And, sir, it has finally come
into the halls el Congress, and assailed Liberty in these her most
sacred temples, by striking down the cherished and solemnly
guarantied right of petition, and imposing silence upon the Re-
presentatives of freemen here.
But this is not all. Slavery has found its way into the Execu-
tive Department of this Govtrnment, introducing, and jiving
efficacy, through that Department, toa new element of pewer
unknown to the Constitution, namely, "the wishes of the slave-
holding States;" insomuch that the President, while admitting
that Congress has constitutional power to abolish slavery and
the slave trade in this District, declares, in advance, that he will
give his official sanction to no bill for such abolition, "against
the wishes of the slaveholding States." The "wishes," be it ob-
served—not the arguments—of the slaveholding States are to
govern the Executive action! With arguments he has nothing
to do. He throw* from himself all responsibility of judging,
and makes the simple fact of the "wishes" ef a minority of the
people decisive. No other interest has ever advanced such a
- claim. In all the struggle  about a protective tariff, the manu-
facturing States have setup no such pretensions; and if they
had, they would have found no President willing to give such
effect to their '"wishes." Thus, slavery asks and obtains what
would be yielded to no other interests in the country.
But slavery is not content with all this. When the people of
the North, in the strength of their feeling for their brediren in
slavery, and under a sense of the national responsibility for its
continuance, with the abominations of the slave trade, in this
, District, send their petitions here for its abolition, Slavery rises
up, in the persons of honorable members on this floor, and
threatens to dissolve the Union! Yes, sir, slavery, that very
slavery that, fifty years ago, was declared to have the consump-
tion, and to be struck with death, has "got well," grown fat and
lusty, talks of living forever, and absolutely threatens a dissolu-
tion of the Union if he is not "let alone," and permitted to go on
unimpeded in his march to complete dominion! Who can find
words to express the amazement which this is calculated to ex-
cits*
Thus it is, Mr. Speaker, that slavery has, ever since this
Union was formed, been gradually augmenting its power; mov-
ing on, especially during the latter part of the half century of
our national existence, with giant strides in the march of en-
croachment, constantly grasping power, and constantly asking
for more, never saying enough, but always crying, give! give !
give!
And now, Mr. Speaker, let me entreat gentlemen to review
the subject in the light which I have endeavored to throw upon
it, and tell me if it is not the height of injustice to charge the pe-
titioners and the agitators of the subject of slavery at the i\orth,
with a violation of implied pledges in favor of slavery, when it
is manifest beyond tlie power of contradiction that the South
has violated, and is at this moment flagrantly violating its own
most clearly implied pledges *f a contrary character.
Sir, as I have already intimated, the North, so far from en-
croaching on the rights of the South in this matter, are but re-
sisting the encroachments of the slave power. They are stand-
in  on the very confines of the Constitution, battling, not merely
for the rights of the slave, but for the dearest rights dl freemen.
And are they to yield at this peint? N«, sir, no; not a hair's
breadih. They cannot, without a surrender of every thing. It
is time the South should understand that the North is no longer
to stand still and witn ss th - eneros chments of slavery w th
arms folded, eyes closed, and mouths shut; but that, while they
wiil not transcend, by the breadth of a hah, the limits of the
Constitution, they owe it to themselves—to their country—to its
honor abroad—to its safety at home-to humanity—to justice—
and to the world, struggling for victory over lime honored op-
pression—to stand firm upon the ground of constitutional right,
and never surrrender for one moment those great weapons of
H. ot Reps.
fair and honest warfare against slavery—freedom of ipeeeh-f
f.eedom of the press—and freedom of petition.
But I may be mid that, though there might have been, at (be
adoption of the Constitution, no such compromise in favor of
slavery as is now contended tor, yet there should be such acorn-
promise now; that, since the South are so excitable on the sub-
lect, it is not best to agitate it; but to refrain for the sake of pre-
serving the Union. Sir, I am willing to yield much for thesake
of peace—which none enn piize morehig.ly tlianl do—and for
the Union—whose benefits are by no means to be lightly put at
hazard. But I am not willing 10 yield every thing. There is a
point where yielding must stop, or every thing will be demand-
ed and surrendered.
Compromise !   What is a compromise but a mutual conces-
sion?   And what a re the South prepared to concede?  Nothing!
As usual in the contest between Ireedom and slavery   in this
country, the concessions must all be on one side.   While sla-
'. very is reaching forth the arms of her power in every direction
\ —lengthening  her  cords and strengthening her stakes,   and
\ grasping, by a bold and daring policy, the entire control of the
j Union, the people of the  North must  stand stdl—shut their
i mouths—throw away their pens—break their presses—and sit
/ down in silence, without even the poor privilege of praying lor
deliverance from lief all-grasping dominio !   And all in the
j Bpirit of compromise! for the sake of peace! and the Union!
. Sir, it is enough to sicken the soul of a freeman to heat this
1 cant of compromise—a compromise of silence! of death! not
the death ef slavery but of freedom !
ABOLITION—ITS AIMS—AND THE MEANS OF THEIR ACCOMPLISH-
MENT.
Mr. Speaker, I have done with "the compromises of the Con-
stitution." I regret that I am compelled to leave this branch of
my subject while so much lemains to be said to do it justice.
But I must forbear.
Recurring to the question more directly before the House,
let me remark that there is another reason, substantially, though
not vei y distinctly, urged against the reception of petitions on
the subject of slavery. It is, that they come Irorn "aboli-
tionists."
I have been amazed, while sitting here, to witness the strife
on this floor, in denouncing the men and women whose prayers
come up here for the abolition of slavery. "Pedantic knaves"
—"superstitious fanatics"—"vile fanatics"—"desperate and de-
spicable fanatics"—aie specimens of this denunciation. Sir, I
promised when I began ¡hat I wouId indulge in no retorts; and
surely 1 cannotfind it in my heart to indulge any suited to such
attacks. Not that I do not hold in high estimation the many ex-
cellent and intelligent of my co istituents who are thus assailed;
but it is because 1 do thus esteem them, thai I make no reply to
such denunciations
"Abolitionists!" What is abolition? At what does it aim?
By what means is it sought to accomplish its objects? Thtsa
aie questions which I propose btiefly to answer.
Abolition is among the noblestof the objects which can en-
gage the efforts of man. It is the deliverance of men from the
ownership of others, and restoring them to the ownership of
themselves. It .s to take away whips and tortures as incentives
to effott, and to substitute for them ihe instincts of self-support,
and the nobler and more efficient ones of care for the support
of others. It is to substitute lor promiscuous concubinage, tha
marriage relation, with its sacred rights, its hallowed privileges
and its countless blessings. It is to emancipate mind from com-
plete human dominion, and raise uto freedom uf thought, free-
dom of purpose, and conscious responsibility to the God of tha
universe. It is toopen the Bible, now shut to millions of hu-
man beings, and to give them the privilege, and aid them to en-
joy it, of "seaiching the Scriptures," which are "able to make
them wise unto salvation."
This is Abolition. Who ought to be reproached for it? Who
ought to be ashamed of i<7 It may be sneered at arid derided;
and may come io be used as a name ot reproach. But who
cares for a name? Who that is capable of understanding what
principle means, will tremble at the name of Abolitionist? Hero
is the thing. Look at it. Is there a nobler end under heaven
—can there be—thah the emancipation of the body and the soul
of one man from such dominion, and his restoration to such
rights?
These great purposes Abolitionists aim to accomplish to the
extent of their power throughout this country, and throughout
the world. Their benevolence is bounded by no lines of lati-
tude or longitude; by no seas, oceans, or continents. It grasps
the globe. Wherever there isa human being suffering from
oppression, there does it find an object ol kind regard and
anxious solicitude. It feels for those in bonds "as bound with
them." The fetters which gall the limbs of the slave lacérala
its own spirit. Impelled by a quenchless love for man, it crosses
oceans, climbs mountains, traverses continents, encounters dan-
gers, faces death, for his redemption from oppression, and his
elevation to freedom, intelligence, virtue, happiness, hope, and
Heaven.
Such is Abolition. But some may say Abolition, thus ex-
plained, is an effect which we would indeed like to see accom-
plished—and, in this sense, we are Abolitionist*; but we are op-
posed to Abolitionism—that is, to the meaas that are used to
produce that effect.
I use the word Abolition, in this discussion, both in its popu-
lar sense, as descriptive of the present great movement in lavor
of emancipation, and, also, in its literal signification, as desciip-
tive of the effect sought to be accomplished by that movement
—leaving to those who hear me to give it, a signification appro-
priate to the connection in which it is used. But what I say of
Abolition, as an effect, I would substantially say of it as descrip-
tive of the present great movement to preduce that effect. By
this, however, 1 do not intend to sanction every thiag that is
done by every body engaged in this movement. I lave seen,
and still see, many things to disapprove. But I regard them as
spots in the aun, which, after all, gives a glorious light.
In approving of the present Abolition movement, I speak in
reference of the principles that give it vitality, and the great
agencies by which it is sought to give them efficacy—namely,
freedom of speech and a free press—a freedom restrained by
truth, and thespirit of the religion of Christ. Disapproving as I
do of piecipitate and ill directed measures, and the indulgence
of a harsh and bitter zeal in this cause, I feel, nevertheless,
bound in sincerity to say that 1 had much rather see even thia
than to witness a continuance of the nation's death slumber
over this great questio i. The first movements in the process of
nurifying the atmosphere are not nnfrequently announced by
'-harsh thunder." But tlie thunder storm is nearly over- -to be
followed, I trust, by a steady and refreshing rain, which «halt
House to the effect which has been given, at the South, to the
laws prohibiting the emigration within their borders, and even a
sojiurn among them, of iree colored citizens of other fetales. I
allude to the execution of these laws upon the citizens of a fo-
reign country, forced by the dangers o/ the sea into a Southern
port of this Uniou. I have in my hand the following from a Ja-
maica paper (the Despatch,) published in the year 1833 which
I beg permi «ton to read:
"We have been politely favored with a Haytien paper,
L'Umon de Port-au Prince, of the 19ih ult. by which it would
appear that the Republic is highly indignant at the treatment ex-
perienced by the crew ol a Haytien vessel, which was forced,
by stress of weather, to enter one of the United States, (Char-
leston ) L'Union, after detailing the circumstances that
obliged the vessel in question, L'Artibonite to put in-
to Charleston remarks: 'So soon as she arrived there, the
whole of the crew (captain allowed to remain) were seized and
thrown into prison, where every assistance or comfort was de-
nied to our unfortunate mariners, whose incarceration lasted
the whole time that the vessel was being repaired. This is an :
outrage against the Haytien nation. The day may yet come when
it will be in our power to cause the name of Haytiens to be ie- ¡ ¡
spectei abroad, and particularly so by our arrogant neighbors. I
Until that period arrives, however, we have in our hands the
means of retaliation. Already, if we judge rightly, a spirit of
deep aversion to the Americans manifests itsef, and seems to
pervade all classes of our citizens: and so indignant do we feel
at their conduct towards our countrymen, that we are almost
inclined to denounce and hold them up to the hatred of the na-
tion.' "                                                                                       t
Now, Mr. Speaker, what but a want of power on the part of |
the Haytien Government has prevented a demand upon this
Government for redress lor this outrage on the rights of Haytien
citizens? There is, it is true, no danger of a war with Hayti.
Her weakness is our protection! But may not our extensive
and profitable commerce with that nation be made to suffer
from such outrages on the rights of Us citizens? And, shall it
be still asked, What has this nation todo with slavery?
There is one fact, placing in a very strong light the tenacious- I
ness of the slave power, and its disregard of the implied pledge
to which I have referred, which I cannot omit to notice; and to
which I ask the special attention of this House. It is a claim
that no free State shall be admitted into this Union without the
simultaneous admission of a Slav* State.* It is even urged as
an argument for the division of Florida, and its admission
into the .Union as two States, that it must be done in order
to balance with two new slave States the two new free States
—soon to be admitted—of VViskonsan and Iowa. To give
plausibility to this demand of slavery, it is asserted in an
article, in a late Virginia paper, «.transferred to the Globe)
that—
"From the time that new States began to be admitted in ad-
dition to the 'Old Thirteen,' from that time it has been the fixed
policy of^the Union io admit a slave State and a free State at
the same'time. Thus Kentucky and Vermont came in to-
gether. Ohio and Tennessee followed; Alabama and Illinois,
Louisiana and Indiana, Missouri and Maine, Arkansas and
Michigan. Thus the Unian kept its parte even, and to do so,
twice have the New England States divided their small States
and made them less. Vermont and Maine were both divided
from other States to make new ones to balance, in the Senate at
least, the new large slaveholding States."
Aware of the startling character of such a claim in favor of
slavery, the writer of the article says—"it has been the fixed
policy of the Union to admit a slave and a free State at the
same time." This I deny. The States mentioned by him as
having come into the Union on the "balance" principle, have
been admitted as follows:
Slave.                                       Free.
Kentucky, - - - 1791 Vermont, • • - 1791
Tennessee,    -              -   1798   Ohio,    ....   1808
Louisiana, - - - 1812 Indiana, • - - 1816
Alabama, - - - 1819 Illinois, .... 1818
Missouri, - - - 1821 Maine, ... - 1820
Arkansas,      -       -       -   1836   Michigan,      -      -       -   1836
Now, in the first place, this writer has omitted Mississippi
(admitted in 1817) from his account current between the slave-
holding and non slaveholding States. The introduction of it
throws his balance sheet into confusion, besides showing the ad-
vantage which slavery his gained over freedom in the admission
of new States.
But, independent of this, the list furnishes no evidence of the
•f red policy" of which he speaks. Thus, sir, all know that
the political "balance" between freedom and slavery, now con-
tended for, was entirely unlhought of when Kentucky and
Vermont came into the Union. The well-known state of public
feeling on thesubjectof slavery at that period shows this conclu-
sively. Indeed, the notion that slavery, which it was then de-
clared .had "received a mortal wound, and would die of con-
sumption," was to run a race with freedom, is absolutely ridicu-
The idea of a division of "small States of New England to
make ney ones to balance" is equally destitute of foundation.
Maine was separated from Massachusetts proper, by the Terri-
tory of New Hampshire; and her political separation was,
therefore, dictated by her natural position, as well as by other
obvious considerations, having no relation to the "balance" now
contended for. As for Vermont, the 'Green Mountain boys,"
driven by the injustice of New York, decla ed themselves inde-
pendent, and formada State Constitution in 1777, fourteen years
before their admission into the Union; and having maintained
their independence against New York, New Hampshire, and
Canada, by a comoination of the most consummate skill and
noble daring, they finally came into the Union in 1791.
I might go throughthe list and show that the controlling rea-
sons for the admission ot all the new States into the Union have
had no connection with the idea of the "balance" suggested. I
know the admission of Missouri, as a slave State, was urged
upon the "round of the admisión of Maine as a free one; and
iflam not mistaken, the claim now formerly insisted on was
then for the first time brought forward. It was, I regret to say,
successful; and it has again been successful in the admission of
Arkansas as a slave State.
I do not complain that new States at the South have been
admitted into the Union—not even that seven have been ad-
mitted from that section, while six only have been admitted from
i
