Jan. 1840.                               APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOÜÉ.                                      855
26th Cong.... 1st Sess.
/ Abolition Petitions—Mr. Slade.
H. of Reps.
and will be enduring. And, sir, it is to take possession of minds
that have hitherto directed but little attention to this subject.
It Ims now, indeed, a very deep hold on the minds of men who
have connected themselves with no anti-slavery associations,
and have manifested no forwardness in anti-slavery move-
ments; men who may, perhaps, never join an anti-slavery so-
ciety; but whose influence will, by and by, tell against slavery
with great effect. Under the moderating influence of such men,
Northern abolition is destined to settle down into a calm, steady,
deep, and resistless current of abolition sentiment and feeline,
which will make it more terrible to the South than an army
with banners.
And then, sir, while abolition shall thus progress at the North,
it will begin to be manifested elsewhere. Sir, before you are
aware, it will make its appearance in the very heart of the
South itself. Hitherto the anti-slavery feeling in that quarter
(and there isa great dealof it there) has been absorbed by the
scheme of celoQizaiion. The delusion that colonization can be
made a complete remedy for the evil of slavery, by removing
the whole of the slave population from the country. Is to be
dispelled, as involving an utter impossibility; and the opponents
of slavery at the South are to be thrown upon the simple alter-
native of abolition or slavery—slavery with a fearful increase of
numbers, and slavery Without end !
When the Southern mind shall be brought to look that alter
native full in the face, (and the sooner it is done the better,) then
will "abolition" begin to make its appearance in the South.
Indeed, sir, it is now there to a much greater extent than many
are aware. Ind well it may be; for there has long been an abo-
lition agent traversing the whole Southern country—an agent
of surpassing ability and power—an agent who will soon give
your Calhoun and Thompson something to do besides framing
gag resolutions for these legislative halls, and constructing cob-
houses for defence against the artillery of Northern abolition.
Do you ask me the name of that agent? I will tell you. It is
conscience; the most unyielding, uncompromising abolitionist
the world ever saw. He has long lectured at the South with
various success. He never fails to visit the bed of death, and
there often speaks with great effect! He has lectured in Eng-
land for the last half century with astonishing success; and is
now at work in France, and is preparing to visit Spam and Por-
tugal, and other countties in Europe and America. I wain
my Southern brethren to look out for this Abolitionist—not
for the purpose of catching and hanging him; for they can do
neither; but to see him as he is; to measuiehis dimensions, to
study his character; to respect his authority; and to yield to his
power.
Such, sir, are the foes, esternal and internal, with which
slavery has to contend. And is it thought to retreat from them
by carrying out the threat to dissolve the Uuion? Sir, it would
tie like jumping into the crater of a volcano to escape its smoke
and cinders. A dissolution of the Union to escape the influ-
ence of abolition! Why, sir, the moment you do this, there
will be enlisted under the banner of the great anti-slavery age.it
now within your borders a thousand auxiliaries more powerful
than all the Birneysand Blanchardi, the Stewarts andStantons
in the land. A dissolution of this Union for the purpose of
saving the institution of slavery 1 And that in the middle of
the nineteenth century of the Christian era! Was ever infatu-
atiou like this? Would a dissolution of the Union shield the
Sooth from the power of abolition'1 Would it not, thencefor-
ward, act with tenfold energy ? Would not a severance of the
Union instantly awaken throughout the whole South an oppres-
sive sanse of the evils of slavery! and a still more oppressive
sensibility to the deep disapprobation of the civilized world?
Sir, when the South shall be prepared to quit this fair land of
promise and of hope, and launch upon the deep, in search of
regions beyondthe reach of civilized and Christian man, then,
but not till then, let it talk of dissolving the Union to save the
institution of domestic slavery.              •
P1SPOS1TION TOWARDS   SLAVEHOLDERS—RESPONSIBILITIES OF
PIOUS SLAVEHOLDERS.
In discussing this subject, I have spoken, as I felt bound to do,
with great plainness, of the character, the encroachments, the
deserts, and the doom of slavery. In doing this, I fear that,
though intending to avoid harshness, I may have been uncon-
sciously betrayed into it. With slaveholders I have no personal
controversy. To them, as to all, I would be respectful and kind,
while lam, as I must be, open and decided in my hostility to
slavery. Of their motives in sustaining the institution of slave-
ry, I have nothing to say. I am not constituted a judge of their
hearts. There isOne that judgeth. I assume no such office—
standing here not to lecture on morals, but to speak of human
rights. Nor would I indulge in any sneers, invectives, or ana-
themas. They are as foreign to my feelings as they are to the
proprieties ot the place and the occasion. Let those who
choose, wield such weapons. My business is to reason, not to
rail; to entreat, not to denounce. For the slaves I have pity;
for their masters no other than feelings of kindness and good will.
They are alike my brethren; and I would no sooner insult the
feelingsofthe one than I would apply thelash to the backs of
the other.
Among slaveholders there are men of great personal worth.
1 see such around me. But I must be permitted to say to them,
and to all that stand in this relation, that they know not what
they do. They avoid, doubtless, what are called the cruelties
of slavery, and are regarded as kind masters. Hut do they re-
flect that they, and such as they, constitute the very pillars of
«Uveryl—that the whole system, with its admitted cruelties and
undeniable outrages ou human rights, would fall, if good and
pious men were to withdraw from it their countenance and sup-
port? That such would be the effect is undeniable. How much
longer they can, under the increasing light of the rising day,
continue their present relation to the institution, or whether any
longer, I will not take upon me to say. But I do say that there
are responsibilities connected with a continuance of this relation,
which have something to do with the consequences of that rela-
tion; something tode with the enormity of the systemof which
it forms a part, and which they are endeavoring to clothe with
the sacred garb of Christian principle. The truth is the whole sys-
tem of slavery is wrong, incurably wrong. Pious slaveholders
avoid that they deem oppression and cruelty, without re-
flecting that, in its mildest forms, slavery contains the great
essential element of all oppression and cruelty—namely, in-
justice.
EXPEDIENCY AND JUSTICE.
Before ¡closing, Mi. Speaker, 1 beg permission to consider
briefly an objection which is urged against granting the prayer
of the petitions which the contemplated rule would reject,
drawn from consideration of expediency.    Admitting, says the
objector, that Congress have the power to abolish slavery and
the slave-trade here, yet it is inexpedient to do it.
Mr. Speaker, this is a question ofjustice. Let me illustrate.
I take a man's horse and put him in my stable as my property.
Justice comes and says, open that stable door and send that
horse to his owner. But the law has authorized me to take
him. For indebtedness? asks justice. No. Then let the
door be opened at once; and let the law be repealed without
delay. Who will say that expediency may resist that
order!
But let us vary the case. Instead of taking the man's horse,
I take the man himself, claim him as my property, ¿rive him
to my fields and compel him to labor without compensation.
Justice meets me and says: Lay down that whip and cease
to claim that man as property. But the ¡aw has authorized
me thus to claim and use him. No mattter for that, I say, let
him go; and lo the law makers 1 say, repeal your law immedi-
ately. Would not expediency blush to be seen countermanding
either of these orders?
Take another case. There is a man riding through Penn-
sylvania Avenue,and there are fifty men in chains marching
before him. What is he doing with them? Driving them to
market! Justice comes along and asks, by what authority are
you doing this? By authority of the laws of the United States,
is the answer. Have these men committed crimes? asks
justice. No, is the reply. Then knock off those chains in-
stantly: But the nation has authorized me to chain and drive
these men, and I shall doit; cease your impertinence. And
what next do we see? Why, sir, Justice turns from the scene
of horror, and, lifting up his trumpet voice, says to the
nation, cease this injugtwe; command that these victims of op-
pression be restored to freedom; command it immediately.
Stay, cries the slave-driver, it is inexpedient—Inexpedient! in-
expedient, exclaimsjustice, break these chains and let them not,
for another moment, bind the limbs that God Almighty made
for freedom.
Who, sir, will dare Btand up, and, in the name of expediency,
resist this command ? None but those whose minds have never
grasped the great idea of justice; who have never considered
the nature and authority of its claims upon human obedience.
Justice! How deep and comprehensive its meaning! How
inflexible its decisions! How inexorable its demands! How
watchful is its guardianship of human rights! How deep does
it lie in the foundation of our civil institutions! The English
common law, the inheritance and the blessing of our country,
rests upon it. It gives stability to our State Constitutions; and
here it i% the very "corner-stone" of the Federal Constitution.
"Toestablish justice!" How properly does this standout in
bold reliel, among the assigned purposes of its adoption; and
with singu lar appropriateness was it made to procede and Bland
in immediate connection with another great purpose, namely,
"to ensure domestie tranquillity," forming, in fact, the true and
only basison which that tranquillity can rest.
Justice! sir, it is the noblest attribute of the Almighty—im-
mutable as his own nature, and firm and enduring as his ever-
lasting throne—high as Heaven, deep as Hell, and broad and
boundless as the universe. Justice! Let that word be engraved
on the pillars that surround these halls of legislation, and upon
the walls of the Executive mansion; let it blaze from the dome
of every capitol in the Union; let it be written in stars on the
expanse of the American heavens; and let it be deeply furrowed
with the ploughshare of truth upon the broad face of our
country, from ocean to ocean.
But I am asked—with all your veneration for justice, would
you new vote to abolish slavery and the slave-trade in the
District of Columbia? Is not "public .opinion throughout the
Union against it?" And is it not "utterly impracticable?"
That may be, though I think the public opinion is less opposed
to it than the objector imagines. But it is not impracticable for
me to vote for it; or, at least, to declare that I will do so, if I can
have an opportuntiy. Possibly my vote might stand alone,
though I do not deem that quite certain. But the vindication
of many a right has had as small a beginning as this. None
. that I ever heard of was vindicated by beginning with the
declaration that nothing could be done, and, in accordance with
it, doing nothing. Whoever here believes that j ustice demands
the abolition ol slavery and the slave-trade in this District, let
him say so by his vote. If he begins alone, he will not long
remain so. How small was the beginning of Abolition in the
British Parliament.?—small, I mean, in numbers and immedi-
ate influence, through great—transcendently great—in the man
who first moved the measure. It was Wilberforce—possess-
ing a soul as large in its benevolence as the universe, and a
mind that grasped the mighty subject in the profound depth of
its great principles, and in its vast bearings on the destinies of
the race whose rights he vindicated, and to whose deliverance
from oppression he devoted for his life. Wilberforce ! A
name I feel unworthy to pronounce, and which I never can pro-
nonnce but with the deepest veneration for his meek and gentle,
though dauntless courage and noble bearing in that great
cause,                                                                  .
When Wilberforce moved, for the first of ten times he did
move, the abolition of the slave trade, he was denounced, even
byname, on the floor of the House of Commons, asa "hypo-
crite and lunatic;" but that did not move him. Planting him
self on the rock of truth and justice, he stood unappalled by the
magnitude and threatening aspect of the system of injustice
which he assailed. And think you he would have been less
earnest and less persevering in that cause, if, instead of a trade
in slaves between Africa and the West Indies, the trade had
been between London and Liverpool, as it is here between
Washington and New Orleans?             •                      .
It is said, I know, that the abolition of slavery here is but a
small matter. It is, however, small only in comparison with
the great work, which is to be done in the States beyond the
reach of our legislation. Nothing is small, in an absolute sense,
that involves a question of justice. Justice listens as attentively
to the claim of one man for the rights that God has given him
as to the clamors of a thousand. Here, with in our exclusive
jurisdiction, are men who claim justice at our hands; and
shall we refuse it ? Can we refuse it? So far as my humble
voice can go, it shall not be refused for a day or an hour.
But if a majority of this House are net ready now to vote
for the abolition of slavery here, will they not vote for the
abolition of the slave trade? That the public mini is not pre-
pared for this, is what I will not admit, until I am forced to do it
by something more conclusive than "dough face" predictions
that it will dissolve the Union. Sir, it is a foul libel on this
nation to say that it is not prepared to abolish the slave trade
here If it is not, then, in the name of consistency, I say, let it
repealits laws against the foreign slave trade, and permit the
dealers inhuman flesh to disgorge their cargoes of living death
upon the shores of the Republic.
You will perceive, Mr. Speaker, that I make the demands of
justice imperative. We are so constantly in the habitof con-
sulting expediency, and very properly, too, in the ordinary
affairs of life, that we are prone to forget the peculiar character
of tneclaimsof justice. We are often afraid to do justice, be-
cause of supposed consequences. Nothing can be inore false
in ethics than this. We should "be just and fear not." "What
doth the Lord thy God require of thee, but to deal justly, love
mercy, and walk humbly with thy God." There is no indivi-
dual or nation under heaver, upon whom the obligation of this
requirement does not rest with perpetual, unmitigated force.
Are we to oppose ourshort sighted apprehensions of danger to
the demands of justice? Do we believe in the authority of ths
giver of this law of justice and mercy, and that the world is
governed, not by blind chance, but by his unerring Providence,
and shall we not trust to Him to take care of the consequences
of a compliance with his own commands?
But if our faith is not satisfied with reasoning a priori, shall
we not be convinced by the reasoning from facts? What
nation or individual ever suffered from doing justice? Take, for
example, the cases of emancipation. Although they have
often been preceded by gloomy predictions of evil, of massacre
and blood, yet what single page of history has recorded their
fulfilment? St. Domingo has often been cited as an exception.
But if it were an exception, it would prove the rule. It is not,
however, an exception, as t could easily show iflhad time—
the massacre and blood having resulted from the cruel attempt
• f Bonaparte to force the emancipated back to bondage—an at-
tempt which they nobly and iriumphantly resisted.
But even if St. Domingo were an exception, it would prove
nothing to the objector's purpose, since emancipation there
was in the midst of a revolution in the mother country, dis-
tinguished, as all know, by cruelty and blood, and by an entire
absence ofall religious restraints. All who know any thing of
the history, especially of modern emancipation, know that it
lives and moves and has its being in the benign and peaceful
spirit of the Christian religion—a spirit that acts at once on
the emancipators and the emancipated. Let those who are
filled with apprehensions of evil from emancipation, consider
that, henceforth, more perhaps than at any time heretofore, is
Christian principle to become the master spirit of Abolition,
exerting its hallowing influence upon both the white and black
races, giving a healthful and wise direction to the measures of
the one, and chastening the leelings, elevation the purposes
and ennobling the awakened energies of the other.
EMANCIPATION, IMMEDIATE AND SIMULTANEOUS.
But, 1 am asked, must emancipation be immediate? Is it not
necessary to prepare the slave for freedom? Experience has
shown that one of the most important preparations for freedom is
freedom itself— that asíate of slavery is utterly incompatible
with preparation for the enjoyment of freedom. Thus the
operation of West India emancipation has been found more
favorable in those islands where the emancipation was imme-
diate, as in Antigua and the Bermudas, than in those where the
system of apprenticeship was adopted. Those concerned in
the present movement of Abolition in France have, it seems,
fully considered this subject, and have come to the conclusion,
as in the report of M. de Tocqueville to the Chamber of Depu-
ties, to which I have referred, that immediate, is preferable
to any form of gradual emancipation.
The truth is, that the need of preparation is on the part of
the free, rather than the enslaved. By this I mean that the
success or failure of all attempts at emancipation must depend
upon the promptness and freeness of the act—having refeience
to the effect upon the feelings of the emancipated—and the
kind and paternal legislation which shall be afterwards adapted
to their peculiar situation; legislation which shall bring to bear,
systematically, upon their roused energies and quickened in-
tellects the conservative influences of a pure religion and an un-
contaminated literature.
And, sir, shall not all this be done? Can it be withholdenl Is
it nota debt long, long due to this unfortunate and oppressed
race? Has not thejr degradation been the work of ilavery?
And for whom have they labored? Whose fields have
been moistened by the sweat of their brows? Whose tables
have been spread with the fruits eftheir toil?
There are many who are strongly wedded to the old but
soon-to-be-exploded system of emancipation upon what is called
the post nati principle—that is, emancipation | which takes
effect only on the after born. No system can possibly be
worse than this. It leaves the training of the free children in
the hands of slave mothers; and brings into perpetual contact
the free and the enslaved, each to exert the worst possible
influence on the other. To this cause, with the cruel neglect
of legislation provision for the education of the emancipated, is
to be traced the degradation of the free black population in the
slave States, as well as in those States—Pennsylvania, for ex-
ample—in which emancipation has been effected on the princi-
ple just mentioned.
The true system is, to emancipate all at once—to make the
act of justice appear like one of noble generosity—and thus—
as has been seen in the West Indies—excite a common feeling
of gratitude in the emancipated, and rouBe them to common and
simultaneous effort, and emulation, in the march of improve-
ment. Who can fully estimate the results of removing the
crushing weight of slavery, and leaving the common mind of
an emancipated race to find its way, by the aid of wise and
beneficent legislation, onward and upward ia th  march of in-
tellectual and moral improvement.
EFFECT OF ABOLITION IN THB SOUTH.
Impressed, as I am, with a conviction of the decided ad-
vantage of immediate and simultaneous, over gradual emanci-
pation, I cannot doubt that when the South shall come to
emancipate, as they will one day do, they will nobly strike
for immediate and simultaneous emancipation. There is a
promptness and generosity in the Southern charactet which is
a sure guarantee of this. I know it is said that|Abolition has
thrown back emancipation half a century. There is one kind
of emancipation that Abolition has thrown back; and that is,
gradual emancipation, with colonization as a remedy for
slavery. In doing this, it has done a great service to the cause
of "ermine emancipation, because it has prepared the way for
the" adoption of a system founded on true principles. It is
drawin  the patient from a pernicious and deceptive reliance on
an inadequate prescription, to the true and only remedy.
It is said that the North had better be quiet on this subject,
for that the South will not listen even to truth coming from
that quarter. Sir, this suggestion involves an imputation upon
the intelligence and love of truth of the Sooth, too dishonoring.
