8*0
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
26th Com ""1st Skss.
abolition Petitions—-Mr. Slade.
H* of Reps.
tub* endured for a moment.    There is a momentary leeling    '
there, I Snow, which seems to justify the assumption.    But it
will not be enduring.   The involuntary homage of the human
soul ta truth, checked for a moment by a feeling of independence
__a noble impulse, rightly directed—will yet break out in the
South, and, overcoming the pride of opinion, the prejudices
of education, and the misdirected feeling of independence, will
produce results that will astonish the world. The struggle
may belong, butthe triumph of truth will one day crown it.
I may not live to see that day; but as surely as the wheels
of time rollón, so certainly will that triumph come to bless my
country.
"my position" defined.
Mr. Speaker, I have finished what I intended to say on ihe
subject before the House.    Before taking my seat, however, I
must beg its indulgence to permit me to follow the example of
others, by "defining my position."
The decided ground I have taken on the subject of slavery
may have led some to doubt whether I should notabandon my
political associates, and withhold my support from thtir candi-
date for the Presidency. I take this occasion to say that
nothing can be further from my intention than this. Before
the meeting of the Harrisburg Convention, I publicly expressed
my determination to support the nominee of that Convention,
whoever he might bo of the Whig candidates then before the
country. And I am happy to say that a selection has been
made of one who, to his firm support of genuine Democratic
Whig principles, adds personal qualities which very muchy*
•ndear him to me, and greatly heighten the claim which hjr
political principles give him to my confidence and support^
If I am asked what are General Harrison's |ini iniujiiswi on
the subject of Abolition, my reply is, that I do not know. I do
know, however, that they cannot be worse than those of his
competitor; and I am willing to assume, for the present pur-
pose! that they are no better—with, however, this difference,
touching his own course, that he would not, as I trust, embody
in his first official act a pledge, in advance, that he would ex-
ercise the veto power, either on this, or any other specific sub-
ject. I think he will have the decency to wait for the proper
occasion, and then honestly and intelligently deliberate upon
the exercise of the power, in any case that may be presented to
him. If I were a Southern man, I would spurn any proffer of
aid to sustain slavery made for mere political effect, and in
flagrant disregard of sound principle, as well as of the proprie-
ties of the high station of Chief Magistrate of the country.
I should never deem the interest I desired to protect safe in such
hands.
In supporting General Harrison, I place Abolition entirely
out of the question. Not that I do not regard it as a subject of
very great importance; and, indeed, as I have shown, a subject
of great political importance. But it is not, and cannot be,
the great practical question lor the decision of the country atthe
approaching Presidential election. The public mind is not
prepared to have an Abolition candidate lor the Presidency;
nor to have an Abolition President. I cannot act in obedience
to blind inpulse. I must see that some good is to be attained.
What possible good C3i coaie to Abolition, or to any other in-
terest, by new bringing this question into the Presidential
election! I have never been able to see any; I cannot now see
any. On the contrary it seems to me the cause of Abolition
would be deeply injured by it.
Abolition is eminently a moral and religious enterprise. It
owes its existence to Christianity. Its triumphs have been
emphatically the triumphs of Christian principles. Emanci-
pation would not, in truth, be safe without their conservative
influence. That influence is now eminently conspicious in
producing the auspicious results of emancipation witnessed in
the West Indies.
The first step, then, in the great reform, must be in the
church. Little progress, can be made in enlightening and
purifying public sentiment on this question, whiie the church
—"the pittar and^rouni of the truth"—remains insensible to
the power of truth. Here isagieat, and, I am sorry to say, a
difficult, work to be performed. The darkness which haslong
hung over the Amencan church, on the subject of slavery, has
been like the darkness of Egypt. It must be dispelled, as it has
been in Great Britain. The obligations o! the Christian
religion must be seen and felt to be obligations which know no
distinction of color. The church must no longer ask, with
unfeeling indifference—"Who is my neighbor?"
Andth:nthe moral feeling of the whole community is to
be awakened. The true nature of the slave relations to be in-
vestigated. The question—by what authority are men made
slaves') is to be considered—not put aside for the next genera-
tion to consider. Men whohold slaves, and men whoadvocale
the right to hold them, and men who refuse to bear testimony
against holding them, are to be made to feel that they are all
acting under responsibilities to the God of the slave—to Him
who has made all of one blood, and who has connected rights
and duties with this relation of brotherhood.    .
Here is the foundation work of Abolition. It is agreatwork.
It should be well begun. A spirit of kindness and good-will
shoqld strongly characterize every step in the progress of it,
and stand out in strong contrast with the harshness and severity
of ordinary party contests. No whip of scorpions should bs
wielded—much as there is In slavery to excite the feelings—
but truth should have, in her advocates, a spirit and temper
corresponding with her kind and beneficent offic s, and her
pure and exalted nature. And patience, too, must have its
perfect work. The rough and stubborn fallow ground is not to
be broken up and the good seed planted inadiy. Nor can it
be expected to spring up and bear fruit in a day. There are
difficulties to be encountered, peculiar to our own country;
notdifficulties to discourage, but to inspire caution, prudence,
firmness, and a steady hold upon the great principles which lie
at the foundation of the cause.   C ustomary political expedients
—the expedients of a corrupt and corrupting state of politics__
muse be avoided; and there must be exhibited a singleness
and purity of purpose which shall commend the cause and its
advocates to public confidence. Abolition must not be sus-
pected of a design to obtain power for the sake of power.
Its advocates must have no ambition but the ambition of
doing good.     A man who is aspiring to office as his chief
Sood, has yet to learn the  first lesson in the school  of
bolition.
The work of Abolition is but begun in this country. The
cause is in its infancy. It cannot start up in a day to manhood,
as Minerva sprang forth, full armed, from the brain of Jupiter.
Truth "will prevail" if it can have the aid of time. It never
yet achieved a victory without fo certainly not the victory of
reforming a community.
it is thus that the great work is to be carried forward to its
consummation; thus that the streams of benevolence are to be
thrown intoa right direction, and a sound and healthful public
sentiment formed on the subject of slavery—a sentiment ele-
vated by high intelligence, and purified by the pervading in-
fluence of Christian principles. Nothing can exert a more
healthful influence on ih« public mind and heart than the
agitation of the question of Abolition, under the guidance of
these principles. It will purify the fountains of national thought
and tceling, carry us bark lo the better days of the Republic,
cherish in us their noble self sacrificing spirit, and elevate us
on to the board platform whejaon our fathers weie gathered
when they declared, in the face of earth and Heaven, that "all
men are created equal."
You will thus percatfé, sir, that I place moral Abolition in
the front, and that 1 wtfiild have political Abolition meve in the
rear. This will not; I know, suit the impatience of many very
excellent men, who think that Abolition will not thus advance
with the desirable rapidity. But it will, in my judgment,
advance moje surely to a safe result
Ido noysSy that Abolition is, even now, to be utterly ex-
cl uded (t/trn the field of political action. It will of necessity, by
degree ; enter it. It cannot be kept out. Of the circumstances
whio* will justify such action, Abolitionists in the various
seonons of the country, will of course judge, from considerations
,#fnch cannot control in deciding the question of bringing out an
/Abolition candidate for the Presidency. Abolition ñas not
strength to bear such a contest. Its infancy must not be
rocked in the whirlwind of a Presidential election.
When and as fast as the public sentiment shall have become
purified and elevated by the discusssions of human rights and
obligations, necessarily connected with the progress of Abolition,
there will be raised up, by a natural, unforced piocess, as
vegetation spiings forth under the genial influences of rain and
sunshine, men fitted for the political duties which Abolition is
destined to perform.
I am aware, Mr. Speaker, that in thus avowing my determi-
nation in regard to the Presidency, I subject myself to the
censure of "sacrificing my principles of liberty." This is the
language which has already been applied to me for the vote I
gave for you as presiding officer of this body; and I expect it
will be repeated, in reference to my present avowal. There
are those who do net perceive, what seems to me a very
plain distinction between sacrificing principles, and failing to
do precisely all to advance them which some of their advocates
deem necessary. They seem not to understand that a good
cause may be injured as well by overdoing as by the opposite.
I regard the question of anti-slavery, in its principles and
bear.ngs, as the greatest question that agitates the world. But
I cannot forget—for the history ol all reforms admonishes me
—that time is essential to success in the great contest which
freedom is waaing against oppiession.
The principles on which this cause rests are as immutable
as truth and justice; but the means of giving to them efficacy
are various. If I were a slaveholder, I would not withhold
justice from my slaves for an hour. I could not. If the laws
prohibited me from emancipating them, I would, imitating the
noble Alabamian who spent almost his last dollar to get his
slaves to Indiana, leave the State which had sought to bind me
by such unrighteous and cruel enactments, and seek one
where the doing of justice would not be contrary to law!
This is a case in which there should be no delay. Justice says
—now. But, in taking measures to induce my neighbor who
does not see the matter as I do to do j ustice, I may not be able
to make it the work of a day, or a month, or a year. His
movements arc not subject to ray volitions; and while, in my
own case, considerations of expediency, as it is usually under-
stood, are to be disregarded; in the other, I am not only at
liberty, but may feel most strongly bound to exercise the
wisdom that dwells with prudence, that so I may more speedily
and effectually gam my brother.
1 thus spruit la reference, primarily, to the efforts of the North
to persuade the South to undertake, in earnest, the work of
emancipation; which efforts, it should ' never bej forgotten,
constitute the great work of Northern Abolition. But what I
have said involves a principal bearing upon the question of
political action. T have heard it maintained that it was as
wrong to vote, in any case, for a slaveholder, as to hold
slaves. There might be truth in this, in a case in which my
vote, withheld from him and given to an apponent of slavery,
might, without injuriously affecting some other greatand vital
interest, have a decidedly favorable influence on the cause of
Abolition. And this is precisely the question which presented
itself to ine upon the late election of Speaker; and which pre-
sents itself now, in relerence to the election of President and
Vice President. How is Abolition to be benefited by my with-
drawing from the great contest now about to be decided
between power and popular rights, and giving my vote for
Mr. Scattering, or not voting at alii
Mr. Speaker though feeling deeply on the subject of slavery,
and ardently desiring its Abolition, I do not stand here ex-
clusively devoted lo that interest. There are other great in-
terests to be attended to in this nation besides that of Abolition;
and I should be false to the trust reposed in me were I to thrust
them aside as unworthy of regard; especially in the critical
crisis through which they are now passing.
And what is this crisis'! It is the point of extremity in a
gieat struggle which has been going; on for ten years—a
struggle involving some of the most essential principles of the
Constitution. It is now to be decided whether the people are
to be permitted the free use of their intelligent, uncontrolled
suffrages to make the Congress and the President, and thus
govern themselves, or whether the President shall use the
vast patronage of the Government to corrupt its officers—
deceive the people—make both branches of Congress—
strengthen his abused power, and pet petrate it in the hands of
his chosen successor; whether, in fact, we are to have a
Government of Executive influence ora Govemment of laws
—a constitutional Government of three branches, or an un-
constitutional Government of one; a question, in short, between
Executive]; ower on one side, and lib my and the Constitution on
the other.
Such is the question. By alongcourse of insidious usurpa-
tion has the Constitution been practically changed. Shall the
change be ratified and confirmed by the popular voice? Thus
involving the country in the mischief of the change itself, and
the pernicious consequences of a papular sanction of the
usurpation and corruption which produced if! This is the
question to be decided.
If the powers now actually exercised by the Executive had
been embodied in an article headed ."The President snail hare
power," and proposed tolhe Convention of '87 as a pan of the
Constitution, who believes that it wouldhave obtained a single
vote in that body? Or if it had been proposed by the first
Congress as an amendment to the Constitution, would it have
received a single vote in a single State in thistlnion? Nobody
will venture to say that it would. And yet, now, the very
same quesiion is involved in the question of continuing in
power an Administration which las used, and isstill using,
the corruption ol its own usuipations to gain from them the
popular sanciion, and thus give them, to all practical purposess,
the force and effect of constitutional law.
Itsuits the puiposesof some, however, to represent the great
quesiion now in contest as one of "mere dollars and cents"—
banks and currency- safe or unsafe keeping of the public
moneysjandin that light to be altogether unworthy ofa com-
parison with the quesiion of human rights involved in the
cause of Abolition. Now, sir, though as a mere question of
currency it is a question of immense importance in its vast and
complicated bearings upon some of the highest interests of the
people, yet, the question of power—of a piactical change ofthe
Constitution by encroachment and popular acquiescence, I re-
gard as of incomparably more importance. And so does the
Administration ! For all the rash experiments which have
struck, as wilh a paralysis, the industry and prosperity of the
country, have been undertaken, and persevered in, for the sake
of power! for the sake of doing, in effect, just what I have
asserted is really being done—changing, practically, the
Government and Constitution ofthe country, by concentrating
all power in the hands of one man. And such, sir, is now the
great purpose of the Administration in its persevering efforts
to carry the so-often-rejected Sub-Treasury scheme, by an ex-
ertion of Executive influence equal to any which has ever
signalized the most corrupt periods of British histoiy.
There are, I know, Abolitionists who are deeply convinced of
the existing abuses and corruptions; but who, nevertheless, say
that it is vain to attempt a reform by efforts to everthrow the
Administration; that the only way to accomplish it is to
abandon the present Opposition, and rely on an ultimate
triumph of Abolition to purifiy all the parties, and
restore the Constitution. This, Mr. Speaker, seems to
me very much like abandoning all commonly approved
remedies for a disease, and giving up the patient to die, in re-
liance upon a restoration to health by a resurrection from the
dead. It betrays an utter insensibility to the real effect of
sanctioning the usuipations of which I have spoken, by re-
electing to the Presidency their chief author—an effect which
involves not only a practical change of the Constitution—the
final mischiefs of which nobody can calculate—but such a
wide diffusion of the leaven of corruption, and such a con-
solidation of the power which has introduced it, as to place the
country well nigh beyond the reach of remedy. Where is the
Whig Abolitionist who is willing to give up, and leave this
leaven to act, and this power to gain strength, in the hope of
ultimately saving the country by Abolition? 1 have great
confidence in the purifying power of Abolition principles, but
I cannot be so blind as not to see that corruption may, in the
unprecedented activity of its leavening process, reach the very
remedy which is relied on to effect its cure !
1 have thus given, summarily, my views ofthe question and
the crisis. And now, sir, I am not, at the moment of such a
crisis, when the true friends of popular rights are buckling on
their armor for a death-struggle with corruption, to lay down my
arms and retreat from the battle-field. lam not, when the
knife is drawn to sever the monster which has, for ten years,
been winding itself around the country, now to give up, and
say—let him wind his last fold, and crush the last bone! No,
sir; no ! I shall help to fight out this battle, if Heaven spares
me.
And now, sir, where is the man around whom we may rally t
—the man whose name shall be to us a strong tower—the man
who is to lead us to victory. There is, thank Heaven, such a
man! His name is wafted to us on the winds that sweep the
Alleghanies, and comes back in thundering echoes from the
Atlantic shores. The West, the East, the North, the South,
unite to proclaim William Henry Harrison as the man.
And who is William Henry Harrison? Sir, he is the noble
son ofa noblesire, whose name stands next to that of Thomas
Jefferson on the Declaration of Independence. A man who has
shown that he received the instructions of such a father not
in vain; a man who drew in, with his first breath, the pure
inspiration of Revolutionary principles, and who has, through
a long and eminently useful life, exhibited those piinciples in
the well-proportioned developments of a patriot and a man.
Yes, sir, a man I Not a shrewd, cunning, plotting, scheming,
selfish heartless politician, but a man—a man wilh a heart
—a heart as big as a world—a heart unpractised in political
guile, or in any guile—a heart whose warm pulsations were
never checked by the chill of selfishness—a heart open, kind,
generous, uncorrupted and incorruptible. Sir", this ib no fancy
sketch. It is sober truth, written on every page of Harrison's
history—the history of a soldier, a scholar, a statesman, a
philanthropist, and an honest man.
Do you ask whether he understands the crisis, and is capable
of giving to his principles and effors a direction suited to it?
Yes, sir, precisely. His vigorous mind has struck, with re-
markable discrimination, upon the true points of reform
demanded by the crisis for which he has been raised up.
Hear him. In a letter on the 2d of December, 1838, to the
Hon. Harmar Denny of Pennsylvania, he says-
"Among the principles proper to be adopted byany Executive
sincerely desirous to restore the Administration to its original
simplicity and purity, I deem the following to be of prominent
importance:
" I. To confine his service to a single term.
"II. To disclaim all rights of control over the public trea-
sure, with the exception of such part ofit as may be appro-
priated by law to carry on the public service; and that to be
applied precisely as the law may direct, and drawn from the
Treasury agreeably to the long established forms of that
Department.
"III. That he never should attempt to influence the elections,
either by the 'people or the State Legislatures; nor suffer the
Federal officers under his control, to take any other part to
them than by giving their own votes, when they posee  the
right of voting.
" IV. Thjit; in the exercise of the veto power, he shonld
limit his rejection of bills to, 1st. Such as are, in lua
opinion, unconstitutional; 2d. Such as tend to encroach o 
the rights of the States or individuals; 3d. Such as, involving
deep interests, may, in his opinion, require
more matura
