1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3585
Democratic national convention of 1868; and
taking the testimony of Schenck, of North
Carolina, that he considered he was swearing
when he was initiated in the Ku Klux organ-
ization to support the platform of that conven-
tion, it is not much to be wondered at that the
platform was so construed when two men who
are admitted to have organized the Ku Klux
were delegates at large in that convention, and
their position ought to rank them as respect-
able men. In addition to that, J. B. Gordon
was the commander of the left wing of Lee's
army at the time of the surrender.
We have here, then, the KuKluxin its begin-
ning. Where is it in its ending ? When these
men were arraigned in South Carolina for the
enormities which I have described, what was
witnessed ? Did the white people of that State
accept the proceedings of the General Govern-
ment against the Ku Klux as a relief from the
terrible' scourage which the minority of the
committee say they are to them ? Instead of
that, we 6nd in the public papers an appeal by
Wade Hampton and others asking contribu-
tions from the community to defend such men
as those who were associated with Dr. Bratton.
This circular hasalready been read in the Sen-
ate, but I present it again in this connection :
[Circular.]
Eminent counsel from the North, have been em-
ployed to detend the men prosecuted under the Ku
Klux act^ of Congress. This has been undertaken
in order that ample justice may be done, and to the
end that the constitutional questions involved may
be considered. This is deemed a public duty, in
order to carry out this purpose, it is necessary to
raise the sum of t>15,000. Your county nas been
assessed 82,000, which you will please raise and
transmit to Columbia to the committee in charge.
W A sJ Jl/ 11A M r Iu*i|
M. C. BUTLTSR,
J. B. PALMER,
J. P. THOMAS.
S. L. LEAPHART,
W. B. STANLEY.
JOHN McKENZIE,
Co Miiiittee.
Colonel C. Jones, Rock Bill, South Carolina.
My Deak Sib: Mr. Stanbery, Eeverdy Johnson,
and Judge Barrett of New York, have consented to
come, and 77o shall need $15,000. Do raise what you
CaYours. truly, _ WADE HAMPTON.
Subscription lists have been placed in the hands of
James Mason, W. II. JttoCorkle, and W. B. Metts.
of Yorkville, and of J. M. Ivy, and W. L.Roddey,
of Rook Hill. a JONES.
Accompanying this circular in the York-
ville Inquirer, of November 30, 1871, is the
followiug editorial showing how that appeal
was responded to:
"The Ku Klux Trials.—We direct the attention
of our readers to the circular in another column,
with the appended notes, in relation to'the trial oi
the persons prosecuted under the K.U. Klux acts oi
Congress Eminent northern lawyers have been
retained to assist in the management of the cases
for tue defense, with the special purpose in view ot
fully arguing the constitutionality ot these laws
under which citizens of this btate have been de-
prived ot their personal liberty. In order to meet
tbe expenses incurred by this movement, the com-
mittee state that the sum ol $15,000 is uecessary, and
that Y ork co unty is assessed tor $2,000 of the amount.
Col W. H. MeCorkle, and Messrs. James Mason aad
W. 13. Metis iiavo been appointed to receive sub-
scriptions at Yorkville; and Messrs J.M. ivy and
W. jL Roddey, at Rock Hill. .
" Charleston has been assessed $3,000, and the cit
izens oi that city have gone to work with a will to
raise the required amount. Committees were ap-
pointed in the city and throughout the county to
solicit subscriptions, and even before anyconcei-tea
action had been taken, four citizens^ stepped for-
ward and subscribed and paid $150. The Courier, m
relation to the movement, says:
'* * Xhe cause is one whicn must appeal strongis to
our people. It is the cause ot civil liberty, ihis
movement aiois to secure a fair trial and the voice
of couusel who mil be heard with rMpcct by tho
court and by the country m defense of the accused,
who are the victims of martial law. Our fellow-
citizens of the up-country are the present suflerers.
It ruay be our turn next.
Thus we have Gordon and Forrest at the
organization of the Ku Klux, who infu'sed into
it its spirit, and its life; we find Gordon and
Forrest and Wade Hampton all in the Demo-
cratic national convention in 1868; and then
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 225.
we have Wade Hampton and his associates
demanding public contributions to defend the
assassins whom Forrest and Gordon organ-
ized, and who went forth upon their work
of murder and of outrage.
Mr. NORWOOD. I was out at the moment,
and if the Senator will pardon me, I should
like to inquire whether he stated, as I have
been informed, that General John B. Gordon
is at the head of the Ku Klux organization in
Georgia?
Mr. SCOTT. That there may be no misap-
prehension on that subject, I will turn the Sen-
ator from Georgia to what I did say. I quoted
from the views of the minority of the com-
mittee, who say this:
" Perhaps the men who knew more about the
formation of what has come to be familiarly known
as the Ku Klux organization than any others were
.General N. B. Forrest, of Tennessee, and General
John B. Gordon, of Georgia, extracts from whose
testimony we propose to incorporate into thisreport
as illustrative of its origin, objects, and dissolu-
tion."
General John B. Gordon was examined be-
fore the committee, and I commend his testi-
mony to the study of the Senator from Geor-
gia, and if he is in doubt after reading it that
General John B. Gordon, was the head of just
such an organization as is shown to have
operated from that time down to the present,
1 am very much mistaken in the clearness of
his perception.
Mr. BLAIR. With the permission of the
Senator I will state that General Gordon dis-
claimed having connection with any organiza-
tion for the purpose assigned to it by the Sen-
ator in his speech. The minority of the com-
mittee argue that they state what were the real
purposes of the organization at its inception,
but distinctly state that it had been departed
from in many instances by persons who had
gone into it; that in its origin General Gordon
• and General Forrest probably knew as much
about it as any other citizens, or more. It.
was not the purpose of the minority of the
committee to connect either General Gordon
or General Forrest with the atrocities to which
the Senator has referred, but, on the contrary,
to distinctly deny that they had anything to do
with anything of that sort.
Mr. SCOTT. Very well. I have no doubt
it was not the purpose of the minority of the
committee to connect either Forrest or Gordon
with the outrages.
Mr. BLAIR. Therefore the Senator is very
unfair in assuming that the minority of the
committee declared that they were.
Mr. SCOTT. I had not_ stated that the
minority of the committee said they were con-
nected with the outrages. I have said that
the minority of the committee admit that they
know more about the organization of what is
know as the Ku Klux than any other two men.
I know that a different purpose is attributed
to it by these men ; but I point the public to
the fact that both Gordon and Forrest refused
to tell all they kuew. Honest meu with hon-
est purposes associated "with honest fellows,
when a public investigation of this character
charging these offenses was going on, would
not shrink back and refuse to tell what they
knew, or who were their associates.
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator will oblige me
very much if he will point to that portion of
the testimony in which Gordon declined to tell
all he knew about it. I think he will find no
such thing.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not propose now to be
diverted from the line of remark I have
adopted, and turn over arid find the place in
these eight thousand pages of testimony where
that occurs, but as the Senator desires it, at a
future time 1 shall give him the place, page,
and substance of the testimony of both Forrest
and Gordon to show that they did refuse to tell
all they knew. ,
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator is somewhat in-
correct in his statement. He says he does not
propose to be diverted. He does not propose
to be brought to the proof which he pretends
to present to the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. No, Mr. President, I said that
in the testimony of N. B. Forrest and John B.
Gordon it did appear, and it does appear, that
they both refused to answer questions of the
committee. General Forrest was asked to tell
the names of the persons who were associated
with him, and he declined, and he was given
time to think of it, and he never answered it,
and he never would. 1 was not present at the
examination of Gordon, but I read his testi-
mony. So far from refusing to come to the
point, I promise the Senator that I will bring
here the page and the book, and show hint
where both refused to do so.
Mr. BLAIR. Let us have it.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator shall have it at
the proper time.
As to the other denial that this organization
has anything political in it, 1 wish to say here
that Ido not care whether it has anything polit-
ical in it or not. I do not care whether these
outrages have been animated by partisan hate
or not. There is the fact: they have been
committed upon the poor and defenseless, and
they have been unable to secure redress.
Until this legislation of Congress and the
exercise of power by the President, the men
who committed these offenses could not be
brought to punishment by the courts. I care
not whether the offenses were committed by
Republicans on Democrats or by Democrats
on Republicans, or without any shadow of
partisan feeling, every dictate of humanity,
every impulse of enlightened civilization re-
quires and demands that the Government shall
extend its power for the purpose of bringing
these offenders to justice and of protecting the
defenseless.
But, sir, I have given enough to show what
its political character is. I do not wish to go
at large into the mere partisan aspect of this
case. There is abundant material for it. Turn
to its oaths "against Radicals;" to its consti-
tution "to relieve those suffering from Rad-
ical misrule;'' turn to the finding of that
grand jury in Columbia. Sotjth Carolina; to
the testimony of hundreds of witnesses both in
and out of the order, where the victims testified
that they were whipped to compel them to re-
nounce their Radicalism; where the members
of the organization testify and confess that the
defeat of Radicalism was the purpose of the
organization. Go on all through this testimony,
thatofSchenck, of North Carolina, in which he
admits that he went into the organization not
believing that it would countenance violence,
but that he went into it as a political organiza-
tion ; that he afterward attempted to divert it
from violence and could not do it. Take the
identification of Forrest and of Gordon with it
in the beginning. Hampton's appeal for it in
the end. Take the fact that another promi-
nent man in South Carolina, J. Banks Lyle,
a member of the South Carolina Legislature,
fled also at the time the proclamation was
issued; and so well satisfied were his own
Democratic associates from the county froni
which he was elected of his complicity with
this organization that they voted with the other
members of the Legislature to declare his seat
vacant. All these facts show that there is a
political significance in the organization.
I come now to the views of the minority on
this subject. They say that the white and the
black citizen cannot coexist in the same Gov-
ernment. That feeling is inculcated in the Ku
Klux Klan of the South, It has been one ot
the fruitful sources of these outrages; aud i
regret to find that notwithstanding the consti-
tutional amendments have declared the negro
to be free, to be a citizen, and to oe entitled
to all his civil and political rights, that we are
even now, as the result of this investigation,
told that the time is near when those rights
shall be taken from him* I wish to do so mjus*
