1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
897
the measures were otherwise such as recom-
mended itself to my judgment, I should vote
for his motion to strike out, and I would en-
deavor to perfect the bill; but, if his motion
carries, I have no idea that what remains and
is equally unconstitutional will be stricken
out. I have no idea that it will be made such a
bill as I can in my conscience support; and as
I despair of seeing it made such a bill; as I
believe that in any form in which a majority of
the Senate are likely to put it, it cannot receive
my support, I am not disposed to remove any
of the obnoxious features that are now in the
bill. I think it is legitimate parliamentary
tactics, and fair and proper, to let it remain
with all its sins upon its head; and, therefore,
although I think that no such enactment ought
ever to go upon our statute-books as this in
relation to churches, still I am disposed to
leave that in order to kill the original amend-
ment. I shall, therefore, vote against the mo-
tion of the Senator from New Jersey.
Mr. SHERMAN. The speeches of my
honorable friend from Illinois and of my col-
league make me change my mind on the vote
to be given upon this amendment. I would
very cheerfully punish as a criminal offense
and give an action to any one who is denied
by any church government the privilege of
entering the sanctuary of Almighty God. I
would not allow any church to cloak such an
act under the name of either the Almighty,
the Maker of the universe, or of His Son, rec-
ognized by the Christian world as His Son,
Jesus Christ. But if the striking out of these
words will strengthen the bill in the judgment
of intelligent Senators who have expressed
their opinions on it strongly, I am willing, for
the very counterpart of the reasons given by
these gentlemen, to vote for it. although on the
abstract proposition I would be willing to let
those words remain in the bill. I shall there-
fore, if it tends to strengthen the bill, vote to
strike out the words "church organizations."
Mr. WILSON. I propose to vote for this
amendment for the simple reason that I regard
some of the provisions of the general amend-
ment of the greatest importance, especially
the provision applying to travel, applying to
hotels, applying to the public schools, and the
others of less importance. I am exceedingly
anxious to carry this amendment of my col-
league, and hope it will become a law at this
session. I find those in favor of it hesitating
on one or two minor points, especially upon
this point. 1 shall therefore vote to help the
amendment along. Differing entirely with the
Senator from Illiuois, who will vote against it
as he has against all amendments, I propose to
vote for this amendment to the amendment for
the purpose of securing what I regard as of
the greatest importance in the amendment of
my colleague.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] and I started out, to-
gether on this bill. He was going to vote against
all amendments. I am sorry he has left me now
and gone to voting for amendments. He and
I were both together in favor of an amnesty
bill, and we agreed in the face of the Senate
to vote against all amendments for the pur-
pose of passing, not an amnesty bill, but a bill
to remove the disability imposed on certain
persons against holding office. It is not an
amnesty bill, although we call it so in general
tfirois.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
from Illinois that that remark and that agree-
ment were made before Christmas. [Laugh-
ter.] At that time we all had a desire to get
this measure through before the Christmas
recess. We did not succeed in doing it; it
has gone over; and now I propose, not only
to vote tor the amendment of tny colleague,
but to vote to amend the bill as it came from
the House, when we can get to it.,_ for the pur-
pose of having the exceptions in it apply ouly
to persons who were in the Congress of the
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 57.
United States, served in the Supreme Court,
or were members of the Cabinet. That is the
view I have held for a long time.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I am not
complicated like my friend from Illinois or my
friend from Massachusetts in the vote which I
shall give, having maintained an independent
position to vote upon the bill or the amend
ment, or any amendments offered thereto, as
my judgment should dictate to be right when
the question was taken; butl am going to take
wisdom from the suggestions that I hear made
around me. I am in favor of the amendment
submitted by the Senator from Massachusetts;
I want its substantial features ; and when the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Tuurman] says he
will vote to keep it in the bill because it will
weaken it, and the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Trumbull] declares the,same thing, I have
risen for the purpose of declaring my purpose—
and I hope there are enough of the true friends
of the amendment to go with me—to vote to
strike out these words, because I believe it will
give us strength for what is substantial in the
amendment. I go for the great substantial
features of that amendment, and I trust we
shall not sacrifice it by matters of minor detail.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that this
amendment strikes out all that relates to
religious matters in the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. That will control my vote.
Although there are some parts of the general
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
which I should like to see modified, this pro-
vision is one that I cannot vote for. Whether
it be constitutional or not. I do not know ;
but it is against my constitution, and I will
not vote to put the first law upon the statute-
book of the United States that interferes with
religion. I would not, as the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] punish men for shut-
ting the doors of their churches against any
persons whom for any reason whatever they
do not want to come into them ; nor would
I compel them to open or close their doors.
I think that is a matter which belongs only
to those who erect the churches, and who
worship in them; and whether they worship
the true and living God that you and I be
lieve in, or whether they worship Buddha or
Brahma, or whether they erect a temple to
Jupiter, ihey have a right to do it, and I will
not vote for any law to inhibit them in any way
whatever.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not desire to
detain the Senate at any length. I do desire,
however, to have the record show precisely
where 1 stand on this question. I shall vote
for the amendment proposed by the Senator
from New Jersey, because so far it rids this
bill of objection in my mind. If that vote shall
carry, I shall then move to strike out the sec-
tion that relates to jurors in State courts; and
if that amendment shall also prevail, I shall
support, the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts with the utmost cheerfulness.
Without going into the argument on that sub-
ject again, or detaining the Senate at any
length, I crave the indulgence of the body for
a few moments upon that point—our power to
regulate the impaneling ot' jurors in the State
courts. *
It is a fundamental principle that whatever
power we have we may employ all the means
necessary to carry it into complete effect. If
we have "the constitutional power to pass a law
saying who shall sit in the jury-box in Ken-
tucky or in Wisconsin, and those States refuse
to comply with our law and execute ourwishes,
we have a right to provide by law that a Fed-
eral officer shall go there and impanel a jury
for those courts in conformity with our law.
Mr. President, it seems to me too plain for a
moment's hesitation that no such power is in
this Government, and that there is no means
of stopping between the assertion of the ulti-
mate power and the assertion of the power to
declare what this section does declare.
There is another thing to be borne in mind in
this connection; and without going.,into the
discussion of it, I only wish to suggest it.
Whatever may be the power of this Govern-
ment under the thirteenth, fourteenth, and
fifteenth amendments, and under the conclud-
ing sections of each amendment giving power
to enforce their provisions by appropriate
legislation, it is perfectly clear that we cannot
vest any power for that purpose in the States
or the State courts, or in any officers of the
State governments. We must exercise our
power through our own instrumentalities. In a
case, for instance, where the substantial rights
of a citizen are stricken down, and where the
privileges which are inherent in citizenship are
abridged, what is the remedy to be; It seems
to me, certainly, upon the theory which I
understand the Senator from Massachusetts
to entertain, that Congress.has the power by
affirmative legislation to reach the case; We
must legislate, and then commit the enforce-
ment of our laws to the Federal tribunals, not
to the States. This sectiou, therefore, is a
mere declaration which a State may follow or
not, at its pleasure.
Without detaining the Senate further, I wish
to appeal one moment to the Senator from
Massachusetts who is the author of thi3
amendment. He desires this amendment to
pass, not more than I do in every particular
wherein I believe it to be constitutional. He
stands on this floor the acknowledged repre-
sentative, in an especial sense elected by long
years of devotion and service and leadership,
of the colored element of our people. Mr.
President, if there is a man, or any set of men
in the United States especially interested in
preserving the Constitution intact, it is the
colored people of the United States. While
the Republican party may hold sway in every
department of the Government, they might be
well protected in all their rights and privileges;
but if the calamity should ever come that their
enemies should hold the Government, theonly
protection they will then have is by an enforce-
ment of this Constitution in all its rigor and
integrity. They are interested, then, above all
other men, not to have precedents set here of
trifling with the Constituiion, of passing its
acknowledged limits, or of exercising even
doubtful powers ; and I wish to call the Sen-
ator's attention and their attention to that
manifest fact in their case.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
differs with me as to the constitutionality of
this provision. He is entitled to his opinion,
and I am entitled to mine. I could not go
with the Senator on that point without pass-
ing the line of the Constitution as defined in
my judgment. He can come to me upon it
without passing any constitutional line. I
have sworn to support the Constitution, and
cannot conscientiously vote for a bill which I
believe conflicts with the Constitution. He
has not sworn that in every bill which passes
he will see that all the powers of the Consti-
tution are exercised and exhausted. He may
vote to pass a bill doing a lesser thing without
violating constitutional scruple. It seems to
me, therefore, if he desires my vote for his
amendment, he ought to surrender that ex-
treme ground which I cannot indorse, and
then let the bill come in such form that we
can both vote for it. and both contribute to its
Mr,°CORBETT. I shall vote for the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from New Jersey,
to strike out "churches," for this reason: I
believe that when a church or any Christian
sect exclude or attempt to exclude the col-
ored population from participation in religious
worship on account of color, it is a matter
between them and their God; it is between
the members of that church and their Maker
to decide whether that is right or wrong, and
