1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2689
number may very soon be increased to three
hundred and twenty, or even to five hundred.
Now, it is impossible that the House should
be willing to give to those five hundred ex-
members the right to prosecute any sort of
3laims upon the floor of this House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does not that num-
ber include those ex-members who have come
from a distance to again visit Washington?
Mr. BANKS. It does. But there is no
harm in requiring every man who seeks the
privilege of the floor of the House to declare
that he is not the agent or attorney for any
claim, and does not come here to influence
legislation. The House understands that that
is done now, bat it is not done ; at least the
officers of the House do not so interpret the
rule.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. This proposed rule
goes further than that. Suppose an ex-mem-
ber of Congress has some matter before a
committee of the House, and he has, perhaps,
been before that committee, this proposed rule
would require him, if he wishes to come in
upon the floor, to make certificate that he is
not interested in any matter before any com-
mittee.
Mr. BANKS. Not at all; it does not imply
that. It simply implies that he does not seek
to come upon the floor for the purpose of pros-
ecuting any private interest. There is no
question about his right to go before a com-
mittee. But when he comes upon the floor of
the House he is not to come here for that
purpose; that is the intent of the proposed
rule.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
desire to ask my colleague [Mr. Banks] if he
will move ft> recommit this report to the Com-
mittee on Rales? If so, I will not move to lay
it on the table.
Mr. BANKS. I have suggested to the hon-
orable gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox]
that inasmuch as this seems to be a surprise
upon the House, and it has not been so care-
fully considered as it might be, it would be well
to have it recommitted. •.
, Mr. COX. I would be glad- to defer to the
gentleman, but this proposes so slight a change
in the existing rule that I would like to have
some expression of the House upon it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. • I suppose that all mem-
bers of the House would concur in excluding
from the floor any person that came from the
people here who was interested in legislation
of any kind, because-they have adopted just
sueh a rule. If any gentleman froth' "the dis-
trict of my friend from Massachusetts,' [Mr.
Butler,] however high in character or in learn-
ing, should come here to influence legislation
in any way, he would be excluded from the
floor. No matter whether that legislation be
of a public or a private character, he would
be unable to come upon the floor and consult
with the members of this House. ■ Now, if the
people cannot send here any gentleman from
the district of my friend from Massachusetts,
no matter how distinguished or eminent he
might be, and come upon the floor of this
House for the-purpose- of influencing legisla-
tion, why should -we allow the' same people to
send the gentleman himself here for that pur-
pose after his term shall have-expired. - Should
there be any distinction made between an ex-
member of Congress and a man of equal char-
acter. and reputation who has never been a
member of Congress?
\ If, for instance, the Chamber of Commerce
of the city of NeffYork should be interested,
scs is frequently the case, in important legisla-
tion before this body, they may select some
gentleman of eminence to come here and rep-
resent their views. Some other organization
in the city of New York, holding, opposite
views, may select another gentleman of equal
eminence to come here and represent their
views in Opposition. The representative of
one body happens to have been a member of
Goagress; the other happens never to have"
42d Cons. 2d Sess.—No. 169.
had that distinction. When the matter comes
up, one of those men can come upon the floor
and consult with members, can suggest amend-
ments, and arrange the whole machinery;
while his rival, who is just- as distinguished,
'and represents, perhaps, just as good a cause,
or possibly better, is obliged to sit in the gal-
lery and watch the proceedings which he can-
not in any way affect. Now, why should we
wish to make such a distinction ? Let the peo-
ple send here anybody they choose to influence
legislation; but let all who come be treated
alike.
I will tell you why, as I conjecture, so many
members of Congress come here upon business
connected with legislation. They do not come
necessarily on any bad errand ; I do not make
any such reflection; but they are selected in
preference to some eminent lawyer in their
own locality, who is perhaps- better acquainted
with the business than they, simply because
those who send them know that if they select
an ex-member of Congress he can come upon
this floor and by reason of his kindly relations
with members, formed before he left Congress,
may perhaps induce them to act more favor-
ably upon a bill than they otherwise would.
1 say let all be put upon an equal footing. As
one who expects to retire from this body at
the end of this Congress, I am perfectly willing,
if I should ever come back here again, either
to take the pledge that I am not coming upon
the floor to affect legislation or else to stay out.
If I wish to influence legislation, I will go
before the committees.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now, Mr.
Speaker, we have had four speeches in suc-
cession in favor of this rule. I hope I may be
allowed to say a word on the other side with-
out being interrupted by somebody who wants
to make another speech in its favor. I agree
that it needs all these speeches, and some more
besides, to recommend it to the judgment of
the House. ■
I am sorry the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scofield] could not find some other
gentleman than myself upon to whom to base
his illustration. If I should desire to come on
this floor after I leave the House I shall not be
obliged to come in virtue of this rule. Having
had the high honor to receive the thanks of
the House for services performed during the
war, I have a right to come on this floor under
another rule. So that proposition does not
affect me. I stand clear of this rule now and
in the future. [Laughter.] I am an impartial
judge up'on this subject. Besides, I do not
mean to go out of Congress just yet, unless I
desire so to do. [Laughter.]
Now, then, let ua see what this rule means.
It has been in force many years—you know
how many, Mr. Speaker; I do not—and there
are only two hundred and twenty-five mem-
bers of Congress who have registered under it
during its existence or when it has been in
force. Now, the trouble we meet with the
lobbyists is not on this floor. We are gen-
erally so noisy, if not so busy, that lobbyists do
not stand any chance here. The lobbying is
done outside.
I will tell - the House my first objection
to this proposition. I do not desire to be
called on every day to cast some vote to belit-
tle members of Congress. I am willing to
take that dose once in thirty days ; but I do
not desire to take it every day. [Laughter.]
One day we are told that if we nominate or
recommend a man to office, we are to be put in
the penitentiary. [Laughter.] The next day
gentlemen come in and say, "If, after you go
out of Congress, you should come here, you
are to be suspected of coming for the purpose
of carrying out some corrupt scheme; and
you are to make a certificate to the contrary
before being allowed to come upon the floor."
It is very well to say that a man interested in
a claiih shall not come upon the floor to lobby
ifor that claim; but I take it that no good citi-
' zeui comes upon this floor unless he is inter-
ested to some degree in some legislation which
is going on here. And then it is proposed to
provide that if an ex-member comes upon the
floor he shall not speak to a member of Con-
gress. Why, sir, it was only a few days ago
that we were called upon to vote that a mem-
ber of Congress should not speak to an exec-
tive officer on certain subjects. Now we are
not to speak to each other on any subject.
[Laughter.] And so it goes.
Why is it, Mr. Speaker, that two hundred
and forty-odd men, likely to be two hundred
and eighty, selected for the purpose of repre-
senting forty-million people, every other day
undertake to convince the people of the coun-
try, and not only the people of this country,
but the people of all nations, that a man has
only to come in here with his pockets full of
money, or his hands full, and we are ready
to be bought? Does any gentleman complain?
Does any one mistrust evil? If anybody feels
there is any evil in this direction, let him get
up and name the man. If anybody knows of
evil, let him say who does it, and we will ex-
clude that man. The condition this rule will
put us into is this : all the honorable and hon-
est members of Congress—and I assume they
are all so—will not come in here under any
such pledge as that, " I am interested in noth-
ing that is to be the subject of legislation by
Congress." They will not come in here under
any such pledge. Bad men, if there are any,
will sign the pledge.
A man who comes here to use his position
as an ex-member of Congress for the purpose
of influencing improperly the legislation of
Congress—aud to do it properly is one of his
rights—a man, I say, who comes here to in-
fluence the legislation of Congress improperly,
will sign any pledge you put to him. You only
keep out honest men while you keep in the
rogues. That is the sort of sieve you estab-
lish—-you keep out the honest men while you
keep in the rogues. Therefore I say this rule
should not be put in this stringent form. It is
clear a man should not advocate his own claim
on the floor of Congress, or with Congressmen
elsewhere, improperly. But this rule covers
every kind of legislation public and private. I
may see that a law regulating courts of justice,
requires change, and i am interested as a good
citizen in having the change made. I come in
on the floor, after I leave Congress, and say to
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, " Do
you know there exists this defect in the law?"
He answers, " No." Uniesslagree I will not
say that to him I cannot come in here as an
ex-member of Congress, even if I say no more
than this.
Now, do not let us beslaver ourselves. Let
us remember the old Scotch proverb, "Itis
a dirty bird that befouls its own nest." Let
us say no man whatever, not confined to ex-
members, shall come upon the floor who will
not sign a declaration that he is not interested
in any legislation, and then perhaps we may
pass it. I respectfully submit that this rule
had better be recommitted. I hope my friend
from New York [Mr. Cox] and my colleague
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] will agree
to have it recommitted. I know my colleague
recommends its recommitment. If this is
not done, I must ask at least to have a vote
on the bill which shall mark the sense of the
House; aud therefore I move to lay it upon
the table.
Mr. BANKS. I ask my colleague to yield
to me for a single moment.
Mr. COX. I did not yield the floor to the
gentleman from Massachusetts to make that
motion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw the motion to lay upon the table for a
moment for the gentleman from New York.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say something
about this.
Mr. COX. I will yield the floor to the gen-
tleman from Ohio; he is going to speak on
your side.
