2690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
Mr. BTNGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I hope the
House will consider the propriety of recom-
mitting this amendment to the rules, as sug-
gested by the honorable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] to the Committee on
Rules. If the House will consider for a
moment, they will notice there, is a provision
of the existing rule struck out by the pending
amendment which allows ex-members of the
Senate of the United States to be admitted to the
privileges of the floor of the House. The result
is that the proposed amendment excludes every
one from the floor of the House of Represent-
atives except ex-members of the House. The
language of the rule as it stands now, hitherto
adopted, is "ex-members of Congress." Every
one knows that members of the Senate are
members of Congress as well as members of the
House of Representatives, but that is struck
out by the amendment, and it is proposed to
insert "ex-members of the House shall be
entitled to the privilege of admission to the
floor oil making declaration on honor in a
register to be kept for that purpose that they
have no personal or private interest in any
legislative measures before the House or any
of its committees."
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to take notice
that the proposed amendment as it stands
is restricted exclusively to ex-members of
this House. The original rule extends to ex-
members of the Senate.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me to
state that the Senate rules forbid ex-mem-
bers of the House from having permission to
go upon the floor of the Senate?
Mr. BINGHAM. That is not the point on
hand now.
Mr. COX. It is the point I would like to
make.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is not the point
at all.
Mr. COX. I think there is nothing like
being mutual.
Mr. BINGHAM. The point I am desirous
to make now is this: that if it is needful to
protect this body at all against the influence
of men not members of the body, the rule
ought to be general and exclude everybody
except upon such a declaration on honor as is
here required.
I submit, Mr. Speaker, to the members of this
House that it does not become them to cast
this sort of indignity upon the great office of the
Representative of a free people, which is man-
ifestly being cast upon that office by incorpor-
ating in your rule this provision, as to ex-
members of this body, that they are not to be
trusted on this floor except upon a declaration
of honor. I know the gentleman may say that
we do not provide for the admission of any-
body else. But I know that, in practice, every
session we admit many men who never were
comm'issioned by the people to have the priv-
ileges of this floor. They have these privileges
daily. There is no written declaration required
of tliem upon honor that they are not here to
corrupt the Representatives of a free people.
But because it happens that a man has been
intrusted with the great office of a Represent-
ative, although he may discharge his duties
most faithfully and effectively, and has subse-
quently retired into private life, he has thereby
become so suspicious a character that if he
comes upon this floor at all he can only be
admitted upon a written declaration made
upon his honor, and in the presence of wit-
nesses, that he is not here to corruptanybody.
And it is not merely a reflection upon the
out-going members, but it is a reflection as
well upon every member, present and to come.
If we are really so weak, sir; if we are really
so incapable of discharging the high duties
intrusted to us, in the presence of these
tempters, then I ask you to set up the only
barrier which will be a sufficient protection
for men so weak and so incapable of dis-
charging their duties, and say that nobody
shall come near us, that nobody shall come
into our presence at all; that the people shall
have no kind of representation on this floor
except that which is known as the represent-
ation in the House of Representatives under
the Constitution and laws of the nation.
I believe, sir, that the American people,-
when they come to understand this thing, will
inquire, "Why do you discriminate? Why make
a written rule imposing a specific obligation
upon your Sergeant-at-Arms as to ex mem-
bers of Congress, and make no rule whatever
as toother people?" You say you do not
provide for the admission of other people.
But they are admitted. That is my answer;
they are admitted; they are here day after
day; there is no rule against it—I mean no
rule imposing an obligation upon the Sergeant-
at-Arms, like the language incorporated here.
Mr. COX. The gentleman knows that that
is a defect in the execution of the rule.
Mr. BINGHAM. Not quite.
Mr. COX. Yes, it is.
Mr. BINGHAM. The rule provides that
"the Doorkeeper shall be held responsible to
the House for the execution of this rule." It
is limited exclusively to admitting to this floor
those who have been hitherto members of the
House. I insist upon it that the rule shall be
equal; that an ex-member of Congress is as
much entitled to consideration, if he behaves
himself well, as any other citizen of the Uni-
ted States or any other person who may have
held any place of profit or trust under the
Government of the United States. There-
fore, if we are to have this sort of action at
all, I insist that it ought to be equal; that all
gentlemen who are not members of the House,
appearing on the floor hereafter, shall appear
on the same declaration, to wit, a written
pledge of honor that he has no personal or
private interest in any measure pending before
Congress or any of its committees. The gen-
tleman is democrat enough to accept that rule
of equality. I make this appeal to the House
that they may see the propriety of recommit-
ting this rule, and if we are to have such a
rule at all, that it be quite equal, and affect
every one, excepting members of the House,
who seeks admission to this floor.
Mr. COX. One word in reply to the gen-
tleman. He was a member of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, and there was a rule passed in
that Congress, perhaps with his sanction 
Mr. BINGHAM. I did not take any notice
of it. i
Mr. COX. That rule excluded all ex-mem-
bers of Congress from coming into this Hall.
I believe it was in the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress, not in the Thirty-Ninth. It was passed
by but one vote, but it allowed no ex-member
to come in under any conditions or pledges.
I think the gentleman from Ohio most likely
at that time supported it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I can only say that I
never had my attention called to it in the
world.
Mr. COX. Nobody complained of it.
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, of course not.
Mr. COX. Nobody thought of complaining
of it. If any honorable ex member of Con-
gress comes here for the purpose of renewing
old associations, of seeing old friends, or even
if he comes here for the purpose of influ-
encing our ordinary political matters, he can
have the right to come upon the floor provided
he makes this pledge. The more this dis-
cussion goes on, the more am I inclined to
adhere to the rule. It is but a simple amend-
ment to the present rule. Why have not
gentlemen here who are so indignant now
moved to modify the rule as it exists at
present?
Mr. ELDREDGE. I did ask you to do it.
I think it ought to be repealed.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Wisconsin
has been a member here for four or five ses-
sions, and has never complained of that rule,
perhaps because it has not been executed, but Ij
that is no fault of our rule. j,
Mr. ELDREDGE. It attracted very little
attention, and scarcely any member noticed
that such a rule was in existence; but now. by
a sort of spasm, the gentleman has brought
the rule before the House.
Mr. COX. Well, the spasm is not mine; I
am only the organ of the committee. The
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Lewis] intro-
duced it into the House and made no condi-
tions in it. The Speaker knows, arid every
member of Congress knows, and the door-
keepers know, that we do need some rule to
give purity to legislation. That is the whole
truth, and it is as well that, it should be spoken
plainly.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. As I gather
from this debate, the object of the proposed
amendment is to prevent ex-members coming
on the floor to influence legislation. The lan-
guage of the amendment, as I construe it, only
excludes ex-members that have a personal and
private interest in legislative measures. It
does not exclude the professed lobbyist, the
attorneys, who are the men who create the
greatest difficulty and are the most objection-
able. It seems to me that the rule should be
so amended, its language should be broad
enough to cover not only those who have a
personal or private interest, but those who are
professionally interested.
Mr. COX. The languag'e of the rule, as
proposed to be amended, is :
Ex-members of the House shall be entitled to the
privilege of admission to the floor on making declar-
ation on honor, in a register to be kept for that pur-
pose, that they have no personal or private interest
in any legislative measure before the House or any
of its committees.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Do the com-
mittee consider that as including professional
interests ?
Mr. COX. Certainly.
Mr. KING. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ask a
simple question. Does the House think that
we need protection against corruption by ex-
members of Congress or anybody else? If
that is admitted I shall be in favor of the
rule proposed. I deny for myself that any
such protection is necessary, but I am a new
member here, and perhaps I do not understand
the machinery here as well as the older mem-
bers.
Mr. COX. I want to protect the gentleman
and keep him pure and good. [Laughter.]
Mr. POTTER. Will my colleague yield to
me for a moment ?
Mr. COX. Certainly.
Mr. POTTER. I ask a moment only to say
that I cannot see anything improper in the
proposed rule, or any reflection in it on mem-
bers of Congress or ex-members of Congress
as a body.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scofield] touched the key of this whole
matter when he said that ex-members of Con-
gress who are selected to represent private
interests and to prosecute -measures before
this House are selected because of their facil-
ity to come upon the floor of this House at
all times and talk yrith members here. I
concede that that is so, and it seems to me
that it is entirely proper that ex-members of
Congress when they leave this Hall and go
into the private business of claim agents
should stand upon the same footing of every
other claim agent and professional man ; that
is, that they should be excluded from the floor
by a rule of this House.
Now the suggestion of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] that this proposed rule
would exclude only ex-members of the House,
it seems to me to be entirely unjust. We have
a general rule to exclude from the floor every-
body but ex-members of Congress and a few
others, yet that rule is construed with a cer-
tain license which allows us to bring our con-
stituents upon this floor for a few minutes to
show them what is going on here. But every-
body knows that the moment the courtesy of
the House is abused the lobbies and cloak
