THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
into the facts connected therewith, and to ascertain
and report to the Senate whether any other officer
or officers of the Government arc derelict in duty in
respect of the observance of regulations and safe-
guards intended to prevent such occurrences, and
also whether other or further legislation or regula-
tion is needed for the future.
The resolution was ordered to lie 011 the
table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER. Are petitions in "order,
Mr. President?
The V ICE PRESIDENT. The presentation
of petitions and memorials is first in order if
the order of business prescribed by therules is
to be regularly gone through with.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the petition of a
large number of colored citizens of Brooklyn,
in the State of New York. Aait is very brief
I will read it:
Wo, the undersigned, citizens of the city of Brook-
lyn, State of New York, feeling ourselves aggrieved,
inconvenienccd, and degraded because of our color,
and for the want of a law like unto the one offered
to the Senate by Hon. Charles Sumner, known as
Sumner's bill, supplementary to the civilrights bill,
do respaetfullypray for the passage of thosame; and
as in duty bound we will ever pray.
As that bill is on the Calendar of the Senate,
I ask that this petition lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer the petition of
Dr. Augusta, professor of anatomy in the med-
ical department of Howard University, and Dr.
Purvis, professor of medical jurisprudence in
Howard University, which is very brief, and
therefore I will read it:
We, the undersigned petitioners, respectfully rep-
resent to your honorable body that the Medical
Society of the District of Columbia, an institution
chartered by Congress, seeks to degrade us as med-
ical practitioners on account of our race and color,
and in contravention of the Constitution and laws
of the United States, by denying to us rights accorded
to whito practioners, and thereby violating its act
of incorporation. We therefore most respectfully
petition that the charter of said society be repealed.
And your petitioners will ever pray.
It will be remembered that at the last Con-
gress I reported a bill from the Committee on
the District of Columbia in pursuance of the
prayer of these very petitioners. There was
110 final action on that bill, and of course it fell
with the expiration of the Congress. I seize
this earliest occasion to call attention again
to that question by presenting this petition.
It seems to me that Congress owes it to the
colored race everywhere throughout the coun-
try to put an end to outrage, at least here in
the national capital. As the Committee on
the District of Columbia is not yet appointed,
I ask that the petition lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on
the table for the present,
Mr. FENTON. I present a petition from
General Alfred Pleasonton, Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, touching the matter of his
suspension from that office. It may be termed,
and perhaps is, an appeal from the action of
the President in the case. I ought to say that
I have not examined the petition and accom-
panying papers so as to be able to express any
opinion on the merits of the matter involved
in these papers. I send first a letter to the
Clerk's desk, and ask that it may be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York desires a letter to be reported
by the Secretary.
Mr. FENTON. It is a letter addressed
to me.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest
whether this would not be better done in
executive session.
Mr. FEN .TON. I ask to have this letter
read as my own sufficient excuse, if any is
needed, for offering these papers thismornine.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from New York give way to the Senator
from Pennsylvania ?
Mr. FENTON. Certainly, sir.
Mr. CAMERON. I rise, Mr. President, for
the purpose of moving that we take a recess
for half an hour or an hour until the com-
munication which is expected from the Presi-
dent shall be received. I think we could pass
haif an hour or an hour much more pleasantly
in congratulating each other on our good looks
and happy return.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. I am appealing to the
Senator from New York.
Mr. FENTON. I ask- to have thig latter
read, which is addressed to me.
Mr, CAMERON. Of course I giye way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The letter will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Washington, December 1, 1871.
Dear Sir; On the 8th of August, 1871,1 was sus-
pended by the President from the office of Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. The causes which led
to this suspension, and which are fully set forth in
the accompanying papers, do not justify the course
the President was pleased to pursue in the ease.
I have, therefore, the honor to request, as a citi-
zen of the State of Now York, that you will present
the inclosed appeal to the Senate of tho United
States, when that body convenes, and oblige,
Very respectfully and truly,
A. PLEASONTON, Commissioner.
Hon. K. E. Fexton, United States Senate. Washington.
Mr. FENTON. I knew nothing whatever of
these papers, except as they came to me
through the mail received yesterday, and. in
discharge of my duty as a Senator to a citizen
<*f my State, I respectfully offer this petition
and ask that it may be laid on the table and
printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It strikes me
that this is clearly business which pertains to the
executive session. It is a subject that must
come up there, and therefore I suggest to the
Senator from New York that it should be
introduced in executive session.
Mr. FENTON. I have no choice in the
matter. If Senators think it should properly
first go before the Senate in executive session,
I am entirely willing to withdraw it at present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the better way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheChair thinks
the contents of the paper, as disclosed by the
Senator from New York in his remarks and
in the letter, indicate that it is of a character
which should first receive consideration in
executive session, unless the Senator desires
to propose some law based on this petition.
Mr. FENTON. I withdraw the papers.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr- EDMUNDS. Is the introduction of
bills in order at this time?
ihe VICE PRESIDENT. Theycannotbe
referred, there being 110 committees.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask, is it in order to
introduce bills?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
mF' unanimous consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce two bills, of which no previous
notice has been given.
_ By unanimous consent leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 320) to authorize the
restoration of Gilbert Morton to the naval ser-
vice ; and it was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In connection with the
presentation of the bill which I now offer
which relates to the regulation and promotion
ot the efficiency of the civil service, a subject
that has engaged the attention of the Senate
for several sessions, I ought perhaps to say
that the matter, in relation to its connection
with the action of Congress, does not seem to
be perfectly understood in the country. The
first movement for the improvement and what
is called the reform of the civil service of the
U nited States, was begun by a distinguished
member of the House of Representatives now
employed in the capacity of law adviser to the
Government before the joint commission of
British aji4 American claims, by the introduc-
tion of a joint resolution m 1866 into that
House providing for the raising of a commit-
tee to be called the Committee on Retrench-
ment, one of whose many duties it was to in-
quire into the state of the efficiency of the
civil service of the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. May I interrupt the Sen-
ator just there to remind him that, two years
before that, a bill for that purpose was intro-
duced in the Senate?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very much obliged
to the Senator from Massachusetts for the in-
formation. I was not aware of it, as it was
before my advent jn this bocjy had occurred.
Mr..SUMNER. That bill.was printed and
extensively discussed at the time.in the papers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I accept the correction
with great pleasure, and will therefore correct
my statement by saying that the first knowl
edge I had of any undertaking to promote the
efficiency of the civil service of the United
States was in the passage by the House of
Representatives of the resolution of Mr. Hale,
of New York, providing for the raiding of a
committee whose business it should be to
make inqniry into the condition of the civil ser-
vice, and to devise means, if they could be
devised, to promote its efficiency, it is very
well known, Mr. President, that at that time
the civil service had fallen somewhat below
even !he standard of partisan civil service; it
was worse, probably, than it was even i n the tur-
bulent and distracted times of war, and worse
probably than it was under Democratic admin-
istrations, for the reason that a person who
occupied the chief seat in the Government
had undertaken to desert one party and to
join another that was not quite ready to re-
ceive him, except so far as the dispensation
of offices to hungry people would be consid-
ered a reception into their body. For this
reason the civil service at that time would
naturally provoke inquiry on the part of all
those who desired to increase the efficiency
and convenience of government to the people.
That resolution came to the Senate, was
agreed to here, and a joint committee was ap-
pointed, called the Committee on Retrench-
ment. I had the good fortune to be one of
its members on the part of the Senate. That
committee commenced its labors, and investi-
gated, as later committees have done, as to the
methods of transacting business in various of
the Departments of the Government ; and the
result of its inquiries and deliberations first
appeared in the form of a bill reported in the
House of Representatives, as a matter of con-
venience, rather than here, in January, 1867,
by Hon. Mr. Jenckes, of Rhode Island. Pub-
lic opinion, and so the opinion of the House
of Representatives, and possibly of this bodv,
(although I have 110 right to say that,) was
not yet apparently ripe to make what seemed
to be so great an innovation as to regulate
by law, and upon principles analogous to the
administration of the military and naval de-
partments of the Government, appointments
to civil offices. The consequence was, that
after discussion in- the House of Represent-
atives, the bill failed, and having failed there
it was not thought wise or advisable at that
time to press the matter in this body, because
it was plain it would be work which would have
no practical fruit.
lhat committee was reappointed at the next
succeeding Congress, and in 1868 itagain went
through with a course of investigation and
consideration, and it again reported a bill
similar to the first, upon the satnc subject,
again through Mr. Jenckes, in the House of
Representatives. I was also at that time a
member of the committee, and thus speak from
knowledge. That bill also failed.
Now, Mr. President, having had thus early,
but not the earliest, connection with this sub-
ject, I propose for one faithfully to try the
experiment once more of endeavoring to bring
into consideration - which I hope will be candid
and calm on all sides, as I have no doubt it
will oe the possibility of our providing by law
