898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February
upon their consciences they are accountable
to an overruling Providence, and to Him alone.
For that reason I shall vote in favor of the
amendment of the Senator from New Jersey.
. I shall also support the amendment offered
by the Senator from Wisconsin, to strike out
the section -with regard to juries. The Senate
have already refused to strike out the next
section which includes th^ word "white."
The only effect of this refusal is perhaps to
extend citizenship to the Chinese and other
Asiatics,' and under the provision cited by the
Senator from Wisconsin, " ihat no person shall
be disqualified for service as juror in any court,
national or State, by reason of race, color, or
previous condition of servitude," the State
cannot ex-clude a Chinaman from the jury-
box. It is a question now to be determined
by the Senate of the United States whether
they are willing to fill our jury-boxes with a
people who are not accountable in any way to
the Christian religion as recognized in this
country. I believe that the only thing they
recognize as an oalh binding upon them is
this: that you shall cut off the head of a
chicken, and the Chinaman swears in the
presence of that, or by that, that he will
judge of the matter according to that oath.
It seems to me. Mr. President, that we are
extending this privilege n little too far. I
think we are not prepared to allow our jury-
boxes to be packed by twelve Chinamen, who
can be bought and sold. If they were allowed
in the jury-box. the man who imports them
into this country by contract could sell them,
and make them do just as he should instruct
them. You can go into any community where
they reside, as I am credibly informed by intel-
ligent lawyers who have had experience, and
buy a Cbinaman to testify just as you desire,
without legard to any responsibility under any
oath that you can administer to him. If we
propose now to extend our laws so as to allow
Chinamen to be naturalized, what protection
have we against their being introduced into
the jury-box? We have this guard now, that
while they are not naturalized we may exclude
them, because uiinatu'alced persons have no
right to enter the jury box. But let them once
be naturalized, and we have 110 protection for
the jury-box; there will be no power in our
State courts to prevent their entering the jury-
box. We shall have no power to legislate to
protect the purity of the jury system in each
State; and it' we have no power to do this,
if the very foundations of justice are to be
stricken from under us, where are we to be
landed? It seems to me we are left totally
adrift.
_ I think, sir, that we are carrying this exten-
sion of civil rights beyond what our forefathers
intended, and for my part I cannot support the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
with the provisions to which I have referred
in it. I have been desirous to perfect that
amendment m such a manner that I could
support it; but considering the present pro-
visions of the amendment, I see no prospect
of my being able to support any considerable
portion of it.
Mr. MOli'fON. I ask the Secretary to read
the fifth section as it has been amended on the
motion of the Senator from Wisconsin.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
That every discrimination ape.mist any person on
account of color by the use ol' the word " white " in
any law, statute, ordinance, or regulation, 13 hereby
repealed and annulled.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, this sec-
tion, if it shall become a part of the law,
strikes out the word " white" from every jury
law in every State. The Senator from Wis-
consin, I understand, voted for this section
as amended. Consequently we have by this
section assumed to do the very thing contem-
plated in the preceding section, which the Sen-
ator says he will move to strike out.
Mr. CARPENTER. Jf my friend will
allow me to interrupt him, I think he is en-
tirely mistaken. I do not understand that- that
section applies to State statutes at all. When
Congress passes an act in which it says "all
statutes, all regulations, all provisions," &c.,
without saying " State or Federal," it is always
construed to mean all statutes, all laws, all
regulations made by this Government, and so
it has been uniformly construed in the courts
of law.
Mr. MORTON. The language covers the
laws of the States as well as of the General
Government, and I think it was voted upon
by the Senate with that understanding. That
was the discussion that went on between the
Senator from Georgia and the Senator from
Massachusetts. If it bears this construction,
and it certainly does on its face, it affects and
corrccts every jury law in every State. If we
have power to pass any portion of this bill, if
we have power to pass that part in regard to
innkeepers licensed by the laws of a State, and
common carriers, if we have a right to provide
for admission into the schools organized by
State authority, supported by money contrib-
uted under State law, we have also a right to
provide in regard to juries. They are not vol-
untary organizations. They are created by
law and supported at the public expense, as
much as the common school in regard to which
we legislate.
The question of the right of all men to sit
upon a jury without distinction of color is a
vital question. Any law which prevents col-
ored men from sitting on a jury is class legis-
lation, and directly in violation of the spiiit,
and I think of the letter of the fourteenth
amendment, which says that every person in
every State shall be entitled to the equal pro-
tection oi the laws; that is, the equal benefit
of the laws. But if the colored men of Ken-
tucky are to be tried exclusively by white
juries, if a quarter of a million of colored men
in Kentucky have no right to sit upon a jury,
it cannot be said that they have the equal
protection of the laws, the equal benefit of
the laws.^ It is class legislation of the worst
kind. There is no greater grievance to be
remedied by this measure in reference to any
matter to which it refers than the one of juries,
and if we have not got the power to pass it in
regard to juries, we have not got the power to
pass it upon any subject.
But, Mr. President, I desire to vote for the
amendment suggested by the Senator from
New Jersey to strike out the words " church
organizations.'' Church organizations are
purely voluntary.
Mr. CARPENTER. If they are incor-
porated ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir, if they are incor-
porated. The Senator understands why they
are incorporated. It is not for the purpose of
affecting their faith. Acts of incorporation
are not extended to churches because of the
character of their faith. A Mohammedan
church would be incorporated as readily as any
other under the laws of any State. They are
purely voluntary organizations, and they are
incorporated as a matter of public convenience
to enable them to hold property to carry out
the _ purposes of the private voluntary organ-
ization. People have a right to say how they
will worship, what they will worship, and with
whom they will worship; and, if they have a
right to say how they will worship, and with
whom they will worship, then under the Con-
stitution of the United States you cannot pass
this provision with regard to churches.
I am in favor, therefore, of striking it out,
hrst, because I believe it is not constitutional,
and, in the second place, because it is not one
of the grievances complained of. With all
the complaints that have been made in regard
to distinctions against colored men, I have
never heard of one in regard to churches.
e hear of them in regard to hotels, and
traveling m the cars, and schools, but I have I
never heard of one in regard to churches.
That is not one of the Cati^c- of complaint.
Let us apply this bill to things tlmtarti prac-
tical, to the evils that arc to bo remedied,
and not strain the Constitution of the United
States in making; a case in regard to which
there is no complaint.
The VICE PRES1DKNT. The yeas and
uays have been ordered on agreeing to the
amendment of' the Senator from Xew Jersey
to the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, stiikingoiit chureher.
Mr. VICKERS. Will it Le in order to offer
an amendment to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New Jersey?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will depend
on what the character of it is. Tim is aprVipo-
sition to strike out. It is now an amendment
to on amendment.
Mr. VICKERS. My amendment would be
to strike out, but to strike out more than that
proposed by the Senator from New Jersev.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will have
to be reserved until the question is taken on
this motion to strike out.
Mr. VICKERS. I shall at the proper time
move to strike out from the word< " trus-
tees," in the seventh line of the first section,
down to the end ot the section, Ttiat will
sirike out all in relation to schools, ceme-
tery associations, and benevolent iuxtiiutiong.
1 I'he VICE PRESIDENT. That uiii be in
; order after this question shall have been de-
j eided.
| Mr. VICKERS addressed the Senate. [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix*!]
Mr. SPRAGrUE. Jt had not been my in-
tention to address the Senate or to occupy its
attention at all on this subject; but having
received a communication from a gentleman
who has had connection heretofore with polit-
ical matters, and who by his letter to me evi-
dently feels that he is justified in asking that
his views shall be spread before the country
at the present time, I am induced to make it
the basis of whatever remarks I may submit
on the present occasion. The letter is as fol-
lows:
Washington, D. C., February 2,1872.
Dear Sib: I have lone since retired from the field
01 politics, having east no votes for over ten years,
except the tew nccessary to aid in the cause oi' re-
construction and tosecare the constitutional amend-
ments thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth. I gavo
to all of these the heartiest support in my power,
because I thought the necessities of the times, the
altered condition of the Republic, and its* future s.ifely
demanded it. I therefore feel that I have a right to
keard uP°n a question now agitating the cuuutry
?u f'Ongress, the "general amnesty " embraced in
the debate now under discussion. The question is
■whether all. or a greater part of those persons who
are disqualified Irom holding office under section
three, article fourteen of the Caii^fifufion of the
United btates shall be restored to th.u right. A9 a
class those intended to be embraced by that article
are those who had taken the oath of ofiiec required
ny clause three of article six of tlws Constitution—
the Senators and Hepresentatives, the members
ot the several Legislatures, and all the executive
and judicial officers, both of the United Stu,te.~" and
several bta.tes, who had been u bound by oath to
support the Constitution of the United States."
ltie same language is used in section three, article
lourteen, and the disqualification grows out of hav-
iu8 TrePiga,s?,a ln msurreetion or rebellion oaahist
enLiilSreof."' giV<m a'd °r °0ml'0rt 10 tha
uSt ls not trae ia Philosophy or in faet that
iSffn- I w£re nccess*fniy worse than the equally
intelligent who never held any office whatever,
because natural allegiance is but a tie or liuamtn
wh ell binds, every citizen to his Government:
■ glvm" aul comfort to the enemies
n , mnL la lrea:!c"V aa, ijy the Constitution,
. IP.!aw. there ar0 D0 degrees in
tieason . in morals, it is not wise to recognize anv :
but whetk
not wise to recognize any :
er wise or unwise, the President, in the
FanvTt'if? a t const't.a'iona' Power, by limited proe-
rirnlfi special warrants, and by general
proclamations,has pardoned all. Therefore ihedis-
Grow.not out of any ofiense against
the Constitution as it aforetime was, or as it now is,
ere5ult "f an or£anio change, which a
fh? t1;oeoDstractn>? rendered necessary. That
o} tUe disqualification is appar-
i?- ?! ^ proviso in tiioiifth sec-
mo,? <>?,reconstruction not of 2d of March. 1S67,
i1^f-ameclass irQin voting at the reom-
stiuction elections. And section mx of the supple-
mentary act of 12th of Juiy, 1867. construed tho aot
