1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
899
to embrace " all civil offices created by law for the
admmistratiou of any civil law of the State." These
reconstruction laws have accomplished their pur-
pose. The new constitutions of the seceded States
have been adopted by the people thuieof and ac-
cepted by Congress. They have all removed the dis-
qualifications from voters; so that there remains
nothing but the disqualification to hold office by the
limited class who were so unfortunate as to have held
officebefore engaging in the rebellion, or giving aid
and comfort to the enemies of the country. I believe
it might be assumed as a fact that about the worot,
because the most hungry for office of these, have
already been relieved; but in the expectation of a
general relief, applications, in a measure, have
ceased to be made.
As a southern man X have no hesitancy in saying
that this general law relieving these unfortunate
men of disqualifications ought to pass, and it ought
to include all. I haveintimated that a manwas not
legally under higher obligations because he had hold
office, nor do I think that he was morally more unfit.
But be this as it may, no man is ever made better
by politioal disfranchisement,. It is upon this prin-
ciple that I have given a life-long support to that
universal suiirage which knows no test- but citizen-
ship. However ignorant, poor, or degraded the man
may be, the ballot is that much elevation; however
unpatriotic, the right to aspire to the suffrages of his
fellow-citizens makes him that much better lover
of his country; and however small his influence, the
citizen who labors under disability is more powerful
for mischief than if the full peer of his neighbor.
The human mind will apologize for those who havo
any p] ea of injustice. And it is a fact that many of
the disqualified are men who were forced to accept
small offices under the States during the rebellion,
and even some appointments under the confederate
government, to avoid rebel conscription. I pointed
this fact out to thelearned Senator Fessenden before
the fifteenth amendment was reported to the Sen-
ate by the Reconstruction Committee. He answered
that the disqualification was only intended to be
temporary. Such men, knowing that they have
always preferred the Union, have been slow to ask
for special relief, and many of them.have not been
relieved until this day.
Of course you do not expect from me a view of
what is to be the political effect of one course or
another. I a.m no believer in creating or forcing
political issues. They create themselves, and party
affiliations arc made and destroyed by a kind of
incomprehensible philosophy. I am one of those
southern loyalists who burned up our ships at Phil-
adelphia to start theball mfavor of colored suffrage,
and who fired our castles by advocating suffrage tor
the rebels as wellasfor the Unionists of every color.
These things were forced upon us. Peisonally, we
were no gainers. Those who had known us not, and
who cared only for power and pelf, led away the
colored men, and the old disunionists had prefer-
ences of their own. In spite of themsehes, eveiy
Republican leader and the whole nation now de-
spise the selfish crews who have controlled the south-
ern States, and involved them in irretrievable rum.
I do not say that 1 would prefer the old secession
leaders to these. They might be worse or better.
The truth is that the dishonest crews cannot retain
power whether you pass the amnesty bill or not, nor
is there power in the Republican party to keep them
in office, nor, indeed, to save many of them from
deserved punishment. And while it may be justly
argued that many of the secession leadeismay come
back into the Senate and the House if the amnesty
bill be passed, the truth is that younger and quite
as earnest haters will come here if you tail to pass
the bill. Every Senator and every member of the
House, therefore, can afford to cast his vote accord-
ing to his own notions of right. As I speak alone
with reference to the amnesty, there would be no
propriety in extending my remarks to the proposed
amendment better to secure civil rights. The pro-
tection of the American citizen is a question which
we shall always have with us. The disqualification
now operates upon no one under thirty-one years of
age; few under forty; and it mostly operates upon
those between forty and fifty years of age; so that
if this limited class cannot outlive their disqualifi-
cations they will soon die from under them; not
sooner, however, than a corresponding number who
are now favorites will find their political guive^,
whether the measure be passed or not. If, then, it
be necessary, to secure every proper right to the citi-
zen, to couple those securities with amnesty, 1 should
do that; and ifitbe necessary to leave ofl'the amend-
ment to secure the amnesty bill, I would vote, for
that. Because the blacks are citizens. I think it
proper to do all that is necessary to secure their
rights; because those laboring under disabilities are
citizens, I would give them equal rights. And be-
cause the protection of the American citizen is a
paramount duty under the Constitution, I think no
political party can make anything out of its denial.
I remain, with great respect,
GEORGE W. PASCHAL.
Hon. William Spraoue,
United State? Senate, WaJl'mytvl, />. C.
With reference to the language and senti-
ments ot the writer as to the government of
the South, I do not concur. The governments
of the States south may be likened unto chil-
dren whose parent places before them sugar;
bon-bons, sweetmeats, and the like, and after
the children have eaten and sickened they are
punished or held up for punishment therefor.
I, however, believe thatgood government is the
only strong government. The absence of good
is the best evidence of a weak government.
Weakness is the most contemptible of exist-
ences in a State or individual. I believe good
government is possible for the people of this
country.
The efforts of the Senator from Massachu-
setts may be likened to bread-making. There
is the ground flour put into the bread-tray;
then there comes unground grain, which is
also mingled with the flour in the tray. After
kneading and baking, the unground grain is
found not to have mingled with the flour, but
to have settled to the bottom of the loaf. Now,
to make good bread a harmonious union of
the ground and ungronnd grain is essential.
The Senator does this, or tries to do it,,
another way than by grinding the unground
grain into flour.
As to amnesty. The indulgence of hate by
the conquerors is as injurious in its effect on
them as on the conquered. It is reactionary,
and affects each alike. Hate, practiced by
any man, dwarfs his moral, intellectual, and
physical nature. It also dwarfs his progeny.
I do not wish to raise a race or any consider-
able number of moral, intellectual, and phys-
ical dwarfs ; so I am for full amnesty. This is
high politics. Party politics practices larceny
if it meddles with it.
Mr. POMEROY. Unless there can be a
vote now, I should like to move an adjourn-
ment. ["Vote I" "Vote!"] I will not make
the motion if we can vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment, of the Senator from
New Jersey to the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthonv. Boreman. Caldwell,
Cameron, Carpenter, Cute, Conkling, Corbett, Cra-
gm, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,Freling-
liuysen, Gfoldthwaite, Hamilton ot Texas, llamlin,
Morrill of Maine, Mori ill of Vermont, Morton. Pat-
terson, Pool. Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Tipton, Vick-
crs. Wilson, Windom, and Wright—29.
NAYS—-Messrs. Ames. "Blair. Clayton, Davis of
West Virginia, Gilbert, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston,
Kelly, Logan, Norwood, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Rice, R.obertson, Schurz, Spencer, Stevenson, Stock-
ton. Sumner, Thurman, Trumbull, and West—24.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Casserly^ Chandler, Cooper, Davis of
Kentucky, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Harlan, Howe,Kellogg. Lewis, Nye,
Pratt, Saulsbury, Sawyer, and Stewart—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VI9E PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts as araended.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the fourth section.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had better vote
on that to-morrow. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish the Senator from
Massachusetts would allow me to move for an
executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator fiom Massachusetts yield to the Senator
from Pennsylvania for the purpose of moving
an executive session'/
Mr. CONKLING and others. Why can we
not vote on this amendment,?
Mr. CAMERON. I prefer that.
Mr. SUMNER. As Senators about me say
they wish to vote, I withdraw the motion to
adjourn,
Mr. CAMERON. I shall not make a mo-
tion for ati executive session if we can have a
vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is 011 the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin to the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, to strike out the fourth sec-
tion. being the clause relative to jurors.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I have
not been disposed to make any speech about
this matter because I have not really felt able
to make one, in point of physical capacity, -to
say nothing of other reasons; but as this-clause
in my opinion is one of great value and of
clear constitutionality, I hope it will not be
stricken out, and I feel bound to say so and
to give my reasons for this belief in a few min-
utes' time. ;
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator from Ver-
mont give .way for a motion to adjourn#
["No!" " No!"] If the Senate is to continue
in session I havean amendment to offer myself.-
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I shall not
give way because I wish to finish what I have
to say, and I fear I shall be sicker to-morrow
than I am to day.
My friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpen-
ter] maintained the other day that this clause
was unconstitutional, and chiefly, as I under-
stood him, upon the ground that we had emit-
ted in the constitutional amendments to declare
that any person had a right to hold office, and
that the function of being a juryman was a 
office; and therefore, as we had refused, as
history shows we did refuse, to put into the
amendments the right of every person to hold
office without, regard to race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, we had failed to pro-
vide that jurymen in the courts of the States
should be selected indifferently as it respected
race and color.
Now, Mr. President, I think it manifest
from very simple considerations that the func-
tion which a juror performs is not an office at
all. He is a citizen who has no tenure. .The
nature of the duty he ha&.to perform is a tem-
porary one. There is no such office as that
of a juror. No person can have a title to it,
which is one of the essential definitions of an
office according to the terms of the law. But
it is simply a duty like working on a highway,
if you please, under a State statute wliich in
many States compels a man to go and work
out his tax, or as under the customs laws the
duty of reputable merchants to attend when
there is a question upon the seizure of goods
as to the class under which they shall fell, or
as to whether the package is according to the
sample, whose duty it is, and who may be fined
if they fail to perform it, to attend upon proper*
requisition to make the necessary examinations
and appraisements in order to carry on the
functions of government. So it appears to
me that this duty, which citizens are called
upon by lot (for that is the true theory of selec-
tion, usually) to perform temporarily and in a
given ease on a given occasion, is not an office
in the constitutional or legal sense at all.
Why, sir, if it were, then as we know, under
the Constitution of the United States, first,
every juryman must be appointed by the Pres-
ident or by the head of a Department or by
the judge of a court, by selection or on a com-
petitive examination dependent upon what
system of calling people to fill public offices
is in force; and you would have the extraor-
dinary state of affairs that you could not have
a jury unless they were appointed by the Pres-
ident of the United States, or in some of the
constitutional ways pointed out for appointing
persons to office ; and in the same sense, under
another clause of the Constitution, it this be
an office, it would be impossible for any mem-
ber of Congress at home in his own peighbor-
hood to be called to sit as a juror on an in-
quest. This is clearly so if a juror's function
is an office.
It appears to me that these simple illustra-
tions and suggestions will show that this duty
which a citizen performs as a citizen, and for
the time being, in being merely the medium
of ascertaining a truth upon which the law and
the judgment of the court is to act, is not an
office at ali; and therefore the argument, so
far as it stands upon that,, fails entirely. Then
what, is it? Why, sir, if the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution was adopted for a
purpose—and our friends on the other,side
have always asserted that it was, and they
thought a very improper purpose, one which
