1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for the promotion of the efficiency of this
branch of the public service.
I am not ignorant of the fact that we have
already provided for the appointment of a
commission by the President to report to him
a set of regulations to be enforced as executive
regulations touching the same subject. I have
heard with pleasure of the progress which that
commission has made. I have little doubt,
although I am not advised about details, that
the scheme of that commission will be in the
main a wise and a practicable one. I do not
know at what time it may be expected. But
there is this to be said upon the subject of a
scheme of that-character: that, however useful
and efficient it may be under the present
Administration, as I have no doubt it would !
be, a change of administration in the progress
of time—as in the progress of time of course
all administrations change—would necessarily
lead to some difficulty in respect to the execution
of a mere regulation of the President or of the
Departments touching appointments to and
removals from office, for on a change of politi-
cal administration the natural pressure and
tendency would be to press upon the Execu-
tive Departments of the Government the prop-
osition to change all the persons who are the
subordinate officers, who are the working men
in carrying on the Government, and to put
others in their places. That has so long been
the history of the country that it would be
scarcely to be expected that after the period
of only a few years we could outgrow it with-
out having, if it is possible to have, a provision
of law which shall secure, so far as we wisely
and rightly may do, the same permanency and
the same method of ascertaining merit in the
civil administration that we have in the military
and naval.
This is my excuse, Mr. President, if I need
to offer an excuse to this body on such a sub-
ject, for presenting this bill to regulate the
civil service of the United States, and to pro-
mote the efficiency thereof at this time. It is
the bill reported from the select Committee on
Retrenchment by Mr. Jenckes in the House
of Representatives. I ask that it may He on
the table.
No objection being made, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 321) to regulate
the civil service of the United States, and to
promote the efficiency thereof; and it was
read twice by its title, and ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 322) to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to the owners the proceeds of
certain cotton seized in violation of instruc-
tions from the Treasury Department; which
was read twice by its title, and ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 323) to authorize compound-interest notes
as a substitute for legal-tender notes; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that that bill be
printed, and I ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate to say a word in explanation of it.
Compound-interest notes have been already
tried, so that their operation is known. It is
their peculiar quality that at the time of issue
they enter into the national currency and be-
come part of the active circulation, but as the
interest accumulates they are gradually with-
drawn and held as securities. So long as there
is little appreciable accumulation of interest,
these notes pass from hand to hand as ordinary
greenbacks, but this ceases with their increase
in value. Now, if these are made a substitute
for greenbacks, the currency is gradually con-
tracted, according to the laws of trade, until
it is on a par with gold, and we arrive at specie
payments.
1 know nothing in the business of the coun-
try more important than specie payments.
Until this is established the nation is bank-
rupt, and its outstanding notes are no better
than failed paper. Beyond the stigma inflicted
by this condition, there is a derangement of
affairs and constant embarrassment, especially
in commercial relations abroad. Our business
is out of gear with the business of the world,
while at home a ruinous speculation runs riot.
This has been allowed to go on too long. Dur-
ing the war it could not be prevented; but it
should have ceased with the war.
The suspension of specie payments was a
war measure, like the suspension of habeas
corpus, or like the draft, and like those it
should have been discontinued at once. So
long as it is allowed to prevail we have a war
measure projected into a period of peace. As
such it is out of place and out of season.
I am not insensible to the credit obtained
by a swift payment of the national debt; but
this is superficial only. It does not enable us
to refund our debt without extraordinary and
abnormal effort. Let there be specie pay-
ments, and the debt will refund itself. The
payment of the national debt is a feather in
onr cap; specie payments will be a fountain,
and, between these two measures, there is
just the difference between a feather and a
fountain.
Instead, therefore, of taxing the people for
the sake of this feather, I would reduce taxes
and apply the irresistible energies of the Gov-
ernment to make paper equal to coin. Here
is another equality before the law which I
would establish.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
laid on the table for the present.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 324) to extend the provisions of an act
entitled ''An act for the final adjustment of
private land claims in the States of Florida,
Louisiana, and Missouri, and for other pur-
poses;" which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
825) to aid in the execution of the law against
polygamy, and to prevent that crime, in the
Territory of Utah, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
326) to regulate certain actions in the Court of
Claims by loyal owners of property seized
under the act of March 12, 1863 ; which was
read twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
ORGANIZATION OF THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Clintox Lloyd, Chief
Clerk, as follows:
Mr. President, I have been directed to in-
form the Senate that a quorum of the House
of Representatives has assembled, and that
the House is ready to proceed to business.
The House has passed a resolution directing
the appointment of a committee on the part
of the House, to join such committee as may
be appointed on the part of the Senate, to wait
on the President of the United States and in-
form him that a quorum of the two Houses has
assembled, and that Congress is ready to re-
ceive any communication he may be pleased
to make ; and has appointed Mr. James A. Gab-
held of Ohio, Mr. Austin Blaik of Michi-
gan, and Mr. Samuel S. Cox of New York,
the committee on the part of the House.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. POJIEEOY, it was
Ordered. That Annie B. Ross and William P. Ross,
executors uf John Ivoss, late principal chief of the
Cherokee nation. (asking compensation for prop-
erty destroyed by the rebels belonging to the slid
John Itoss,.> have leave to withdraw their memorial i
from the files of the Senate, !1
TliEATIES OF PEACE COMMISSION, ||
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the fol- li
lowing resolution; which was ordered to He
on the table:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to inquirewhether any, and if so what,
further or additional legislation is necessary to carry
into effect the several treaties made, and the acts
and recommendations of the peace commissioners,
so called, in pursuance of the act ot Congress ap-
proved July 20, 1867, entitled "An act to establish
peace with certain hostile Indian tribes;" and to
report by bill or otherwise.
MABTIAL LAW IS SOOTH CAROLINA.
Mr. BLAIR. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby,requested to inform the Senate
under what provisions of the law of April 20,1871,
if any, and if not under that law, by what authority
he ha? caused the Constitution and laws of the Uni-
ted States, and the constitution and laws of the State
of South Carolina, to be set aside and martial law
declared and the writ of habeas corpus suspended in
the counties of Spartanburg, Marion, York, New-
berry, Chester, Laurens, Fairfield, Lancaster, and
Chesterfield, in the State of South Carolina, whereby
the courts and eivil authorities are unable to afford
protection to the lives, liberties, and rights of the
people therein, and all of them left at the mercy of
such military subordinates as he has seen or may
see fit to place over them. He is especially requested
to lay before the Senate all the acts of insurrection,
resistance, or opposition to the laws of the United
States committed in each of these counties at any
time after the 20th day of April, 1871, prior to the
date of his proclamation of martial law, giving the
character of the offerees, the facts relative thereto,
and the names of the offenders so far as ascertained.
He is further requested to lay before the Senate anv
cases of resistance to the execution of the process
of the civil eourts or the officers either of the United
States or of the State of South Carolina, by any of
the citizens of any of the counties in which the guar-
antees of constitutional liberty have been annulled
by his proclamation aforesaid, since the passage of
the act of April 20. 1871, aforesaid. And that he
give the names of all ol said citizens who have been
arrested or imprisoned under and by virtue of the
authority conferred by his proclamation, with the
violations of law with which each is charged, and
the dates at which it is alleged they committed the
offenses for which they were so arrested and im-
prisoned. And that he give the Senate full inform-
ation as to all the statements of facts on which he
acted in issuing his proclamation aforesaid, giving
the n auies of his informants, their statements, when
made to him in wrifciDg, and the substance of them
when made verbally, so that Congress can determine
what steps are necessary to restore to the citizens
of the counties aforesaid, and especially to those
who are not guilty of offenses against the United
States, the equal protection of the laws with the
people of other portions of the country, under the
forms prescribed by the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that resolution lie
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objects to its present consider-
ation. It requires unanimous consent to con-
sider the resolution on the same day on which
it is presented. It must, therefore, lie over
until to-morrow. Does the Senator from Mis-
souri desire that it be printed ?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir. Do I understand
that the Senator from Vermont objects to the
consideration of this resolution?
The VICE PRESIDENT. He does object
to its present consideration, and under the
rules a single objection carries it over. It
will be in order to-morrow to move that it be
taken up for consideration. If there be no
objection the resolution will be ordered to be
printed.
BECESS.
Mr. CAMERON. I now move that the
Senate take a recess for three quarters of an
hour.
Mr. MORTON and others. Say half an
hour.
Mr. CAMERON. Three quarters will be
better. I move that we take a recess until a
quarter after one o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not say one o'clock?
Mr. CAMERON. That is too short a time.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the Senator allow me
to ask leave to introduce a bill ?
Mr. CAMERON. No, sir; I cannot yield
further.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the Senate now take a recess until fifteen min-
utes after one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
