1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3589
The seven or eight thousand pages of testi-
mony the committee have taken from quite a
bulky piece of literature, and I commend it to
my honorable friend upon next Sunday or
upon some leisure day for his reading. He
will find it profitable if not pleasant.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I certainly would be
inclined to avail myself of any suggestion of
tlie honorable Senator from Indiana in refer-
ence to what is profitable reading for the Sab-
bath ; but he must excuse me if I see proper
to turn to the pages of the old Bible in preler-
ence to the report of this committee. But I
understood the honorable Senator to be indict-
ing the whole class of property-holders in the
South. I wanted to call the attention of the
Senator from Indiana before he made the
wholesale charge against the respectable prop-
erty-holders of the southern States to the
broad terms of the indictment which he was
making against that people. I do not believe
that the declaration of the Senator (worthy
and highly as he is honored in his own State,
in the Senate, and in the country) will have the
effect to blast thereputalion of the whole south-
ern people unless he lays his hands on the facts
and shows the evidence oil which that opinion
is founded.
Mr. PRATT. If the honorable Senator will
hear me through, I hope to convince him
before I am done; and if he will do the com-
mittee the justice to read through the testi-
mony, he will fin,d abundance of cases estab-
lishing the propositions that I claim here.
Mr. SAULSBUKY. Then I would suggest
to the honorable Senator not to make his in-
dictment a wholesale indictment against the
property-holders of the South. Limit it to
the men who the evidence shows are implicated
in crime.
Mr. PRATT. Aslsaid, sir, before the inter-
ruption, in stating the argument of the slave-
holders, I have shown who are responsible for
these scourgings for opinion's sake. It is the
old ruling class, the men who own the plant-
ations and property, the men who must pay
the taxes, 'l'hey are the men most interested
in molding the opinions of voters.
Then in regard to national elections their
interest is, if possible, still stronger. They
regard the whole policy of the Republican
party as having been hostile to their class from
its organization. They point to the constitu-
tional amendments, the civil rights bill, the
Freedmen's Bureau, the test-oath, the penalties
against disloyalty, the enforcement bill, the
suspension of the habeas corpus, and the pres-
ence of soldiery m the disturbed districts;
and their panacea for all these ills is to put
down the Republican party. That is the
dearest wish of the entire Democratic heart
in the South. They see no end to what
they call their grievances except in the over-
throw of the party in power. _ They are the
same men who were so impatient of the re-
. straints of Government that in 1861 they
plunged the country in war and bloodshed,
stopping at no measures of unscrupulous vio-
lence in order to overthrow the Government
many of them had so often sworn to maintain.
Now, who shall tell me that this sentiment
of hate toward the party in power, and this
lust for the political control they once wielded,
are not sufficient motives to account for these
outrages and fix the responsibility where I
believe, before God, it belongs, upon these
influential classes of the South?
Where since the close of the war riots have
occurred and blood has run in the streets, has
it not been on the eve of elections? Look at
the massacres in Louisiana alone in 1868, when
two thousand freedmen were slaughtered in
order to carry the election. The negroes hold
in their hands the power of determining polit-
ical results not in the State only but in the
nation. In three of the States they outnum-
ber the whites, and in every southern State
they hold the balance of power. If they can
be coerced, intimidated, or cajoled into voting
the Democratic ticket, or prevented from voting
at all, then of course the Democrats will suc-
ceed, and have things their own way.
This is the key to the whole Ku Klux pro-
gramme. Here is motive enough to fix the
responsibility of these whippings and murders,
not only upon Democrats, but upon the intel-
ligent and property-holding class of that party.
To be sure, they may employ the poor whites
as their instruments; and who doubts that they
do? But I fix the responsibility on them, and
reason and all the proofs show they must bear
it. Who would care to incur the risks of the
halter but the men so vitally interested in elec-
tion results ? Do I press this argument too
far? Alas! sir, we have had melancholy
proof what men will do to overturn dynasties
and administrations all along the track of his-
tory, culminating in the assassination of the
great and good Lincoln. From their stand-
point, the old ruling class of the South have
the most powerful motives which can sway
men's minds to obtain political control, and
there is no way to do this but to stifle the negro
vote or convert it.
There may be other causes for which the
negroes are visited by the Ku Klux; we know
there are ; but I believe this the most common
one. So the negroes whipped all say. So
the motives I have endeavored to set forth
demonstrate. And yet the minority say there
is no political significance in these outrages !
Again, Mr. President, it is said in excuse
of the Ku Klux violences that they are in the
nature of punishments inflicted because of
misdemeanors which the courts will not or
cannot punish by reason of the lack of legal
evidence, while the moral proof is sufficient to
satisfy Judge Lynch, or that the offenses pun-
ished are of a character not cognizable ia a
court of law. Thus: a negro has used insult-
ing language to a white man, or has refused
to work for him, or has dunned him for his
wages, or sued him in court. Perhaps he has
bought himself a bit of land and is working
on it; and not only that, but having freedmen
at work for ■ im, and to that extent diminish-
ing the supply of labor to the plantation owners.
Or perhaps he is lazy and trifling, or talks too
much or too loudly of the rights of his people.
Perhaps he is a preacher, and suspected of
advising his race as to their true interest and
course of action. He may be a bold fellow
who understands what the law has done for
him, and is free to tell his fellow blacks of
their legal rights, as for instance their right to
carry arms and defend their persons and
homes. He has been so bold as to say in
some political harangue that labor has its
rights, and if justice were done the wealth of
the South, mainly created by his people, should
be divided between the races.
All these things in the past have been
deemed valid causes why the obnoxious negro
should be visited and chastised or killed out-
right by the Ku Klux. Now, sir, in so far as
misdemeanors are concerned, if there is any
proof they were committed, the courts can
deal with them. If there is no proof, or the
proof is insufficient, that is the best reason in
the world why punishment should not be in-
flicted lest the innocent be confounded with
the guilty. There is another cause for these
outrages, not the less true because unavowed.
They are inflicted often to curb the growing
spirit of independence in the colored man ; to
humble his pride ; to teach him his place; to
show him that though a freedman, citizen, and
voter, he is only so on parchment; that there
is a power controlling his destiny higher than
constitutions and laws ; to teach him that his
condition is changed in nothing but name ;
that he is still the hewer of wood and drawer
of water he was before slavery was abolished,
and his status in that respect ia not and will
not be changed.
It is sometimes pretended that the Ku Klux
violences are not punished because of the
inefficiency of the carpet-bag courts ; but they
who make this charge confess its insincerity
and untruth when they admit in the next
breath that justice is administered between
man and man fairly and without cause of com*
plaint.
Again, it is urged in excuse, where colored
men confined in jail have been taken out and
hanged by a masked mob, as has been fre-
quently the case, that this was done to save
any risk of their being cleared on the trial.
The truth is, there is no trouble in any south-
ern court in convicting a negro of a crime
where the evidence warrants it, and there
never has been ; the danger has been all the
other way, that though innocent he would be
convicted.
Now, sir, to go back a step and answer the
plea that the Ku Klux outrages ha^e no polit-
ical significance. I have given somereasonsto
piove they have. One remains, and that is,
that the rule is so general as to be almost
universal, that the persons who are the objects
of Ku Klux vengeance are all Radicals, and
I use the term by which all Republicans are
known and called in the South. I can recall
scarcely an exception in the volumes of tes-
timony which have been taken. It is a most
significant fact, which I wish the whole country
to know, that when the negro votes the Demo-
cratic ticket he is never Ku Kluxed ; he is
taken under protection at once and shielded
from harm. It is a talisman, a charm, a sign
upon the lintel of his door that he is to be
passed over. Hundreds, yes, thousands, sir,
of the colored people have bought their peace
and earned their security by voting with their
old masters, and when they do, all is well with
them. The ghostly troop is seen no more;
they sleep the sleep of security; they are
patronized and kindly treated, restored to
confidence and friendship.
Those who are smart are put forward at
Democratic meetings to speak of the beauty
and loveliness of Democratic principles and
practices. Nay, colored orators of the right
stamp are imported from other States by Dem-
ocratic committees, as was done at Huntsviile,
to harangue mixed crowds of white and black.
Will it be credited that in that proud city, the
seat of intelligence, wealth, taste, and refine-
ment, during the last presidential canvass
prominent Democrats, the rulers in the Dem-
ocratic church, actually imported one negro
from Tennessee and another from further
north to address a Democratic political meet-
ing? How those white aristocrats applauded
the sable speakers to the echo. How rever-
ently they inclined their ears and heard the
Democratic gospel dispensed by the sweet-
scented orators! Ah, sir, in the stifled
atmosphere of that great political gathering,
they smelt nothing that was not fragrant and
aromatic. There were seen the proud men of
that city, the Athens of the South, her lawyers,
editors, and plantation owners, listening with
rapt attention to the utterances of these colored
apostles who preached the true faith. Forgot-
ten were the distinctions of color, of caste,
and of previous condition. The common cause
fused the audience into one homogeneous
political mass. It was a political love-teas: 1
And thus, sir, do I demonstrate that the
objection of southern men is not to the ne-
groes voting, but to his voting the Radical
ticket. They would welcome universal suf-
frage to day if the colored men would vote with
theui. Their real cause of grief is that they
vote with the party which freed them.
Y'ou have heard, sir, and it has been run^f
through the whole country as the original
excuse for the Ku Klux organization, that
Loyal Leagues were formed among the col-
ored people with mischievous purposes; that
they were banded together by oaths; that they
were controlled by unscrupulous carpet-bag-
gers, who inflamed t.heir passions and operated
upon their fears, hy persuading them that their
old masters intended to reduce them again fcp
slavery, and that their only method of escape
