1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
901
with the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Hamil-
ton.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 42; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Boreman, Carpenter, Corbett,
Goldthwaite. Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly,Morrill of
Maine, Scott, Sprague, Tipton, and Vickers—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Blair, Caldwell,
Cameron. Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Cragin,
Fcnton, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Freiinghuy-
sen, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan,
Hill, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norwood, Osborn,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Bice, Robert-
son, Sawyer, Schurz, Sherman. Spencer, Stevenson,
Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Trumbull, West, Wil-
son, Windom and Wright—42
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Casserly, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky,
Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Hamilton of Maryland, Howe, Kellogg,
Lewis, Logan, Nye, Pratt, Saulsbury, and Stew-
art—19.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. COLE. If the Senate is disposed to go
on with the bill, I have an amendment to
offer. ["Goon!"] Otherwise I will move
an adjournment. ["No, go on!"] I move,
then, to strike out the fifth section and substi-
tute what I send to the Chair.
The Chief Clerk. The words to be stricken
out are —
That every discrimination against any person on
account of color, by the use of the word " white" in
any law, statute, ordinance, or regulation, is hereby
repealed and annulled.
And it is proposed in lieu thereof to insert—•
That every discrimination against citizens of the
United States on account of color, by the use of the
word "white" in any law, statute, ordinance, or reg-
ulation, is hereby repealed and annulled.
Mr. COLE. I am not disposed to detain
the Senate more than a minute on this amend-
ment. It will be observed that the only change
m the section is in substituting the word "cit-
izen" for " person." This law relates to citi-
zens of the United States, and I apprehend
was not really intended to go further than that.
We are not in this case legislating for "all the
world and the rest of mankind," but for citi-
zens of the United States; and in reference to
that view, I apprehend that there can be no
great objection to the adoption of this amend-
ment. I believe those who are friendly to the
bill would be really glad to see it adopted. It
will, as I believe, add strength to the bill.
This, however, is not an appeal to the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] but to certain
others. I hope the amendment may be adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is material to me to
get strength to the bill, and that is why I am
opposed to this whole thing. The Senator
from California certainly does not deceive
himself so much as to suppose that Senators
do not understand and that the whole country
does not understand that every person opposed
to amnesty is voting for these amendments.
Where do you find the votes of those who have
announced on this floor that they are opposed
to amnesty ? They are for these amendments
all the time. You caunot propose an amend-
ment they will not vote for. But I am for the
bill as it passed the House of Representatives,
opposed to all these amendments; and I want
to say a word about this particular amendment.
I doubt whether it is in order to strike out
the very words which have been incorporated
in the bill, and I call attention to that; but I
have a word to say in reference to it. The
Senator from California proposes to make a
discrimination against all foreigners who come
to this country until they become citizens. He
proposes to put the word "citizen" in here,
and every man who comes from Europe, Irish-
man or German, Englishman or Scotchman,
is not to have equal civil rights in this country
until he becomes a naturalized citizen. That
is the effect of the Senator's amendment. He
proposes to confine to citizens these rights.
Now I think, in regard to equal civil rights, a
man, the moment he has landed on our shores,
should have the same protection as if he had
become a citizen. I would allow him t.o con-
tract and to have the same rights; but the
Senator from California does not propose to
do that. We all know what he is after.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does it require an act
of Congress to enable him to make contracts ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. He would have that
right without an act of Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose he had not,
would you pass an act of Congress to give it
to him?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would if he had it not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only inquired of my
friend in order to understand, as I am very
glad to hear he thinks, that Congress would
have the power to do that thing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I be-
lieve that any freeman has a right to make a
contract. The Senator has been reading from
the civil rights bill. It was passed years ago.
It was based upon this principle—confined
exclusively to civil rights and nothing else,
no political and no social rights. Here were
millions of people in this country who by an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States had been made tree men. They had
no right to buy or sell, to go or come, to con-
tract or be contracted, and no right to enforce
contracts; but they had been declared free.
What was their condition? Is that afree man?
I thought it was not, and I thought under the
constitutional amendment which made these
persons who had been mere chattels men, we
were bound to give them the rights of men.
But that did not extend to political rights or
to social rights. It was confined exclusively
to the rights appertaining to man as man.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me ask ray honor-
able friend if he thinks riding on a railroad is
a political right ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. As to riding on a rail-
road, I think that the Senator from Vermont
has not one particle more right to ride on a
railroad to-day by existing law than the black-
est man in the land. You need no law for that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That does not answer
the question. I asked my friend to tell me
whether riding on a railroad is a political
right, and he says I have no right to ride
on a railroad.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I say you have no bet-
ter right to ride on a railroad than a negro has
if he can pay the fare.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then Congress may com-
pel equality, may it not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not in regard to these
matters.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But only in regard to
testifying in State courts? Very good!
Mr. TRUMBULL. In regard to the rights
that belong to tbe individual as man and aa a
freeman under the Constitution of the United
States, I think we had a right to pass the civil
rights bill. I thought so then, and think so
now; but I think that we went to the verge of
constitutional authority, went as far as we
could g®. We intended to do so, and I believe
that we did. But you need no such law as
this to ride on a railroad. Does not the Sen-
ator from Vermont know as well as anybody
else that a negro has the same right now to
ride on a railroad as anybody else? The rail-
road corporations make regulations in regard
to the manner in whicli their trains are to be
conducted; they set aside one car for ladies,
another for gentlemen; they have first and
second-class passenger cars, freight cars, and
saloon cars, and I suppose they have a right
to make all these regulations; but whatever
right the white man has the black man has also.
But I did not propose to enter into any
argument in reference to this matter. It is
amnesty that I want. I want to see the peace
of this country restored; I want to see the
irritating questions which are keeping up the
animosities of the people, engendering bad
feeling all the time, which have led to the
miserable governments that we now have in
some of the southern States—I want that
state of things to be done away with. When
we passed the fourteenth amendment, Mr.
President, we passed it, so far as it excludes
certain persons from holding office, for the
public safety; that was the consideration j not
to punish anybody. We thought that the pub-
lic safety of this country required it at that
time. When we had just freed the colored
people and new governments were to be orgaa-
ized in the then late rebel States, we thought
it would not do to let the men who had been
making war upon the Government, who were
hostile to it, who were hostile to the few Union
men that lived in those. States, and who were
hostile to the colored people, take possession
of the newly organized State governments,
because we feared that they would enact laws
which would oppress the colored people, and
laws that would be unjust tor the few Union
men who had been there during the war, and
it was necessary that time should be allowed
for the colored^ people to become accustomed
to their new situation that they might assert
and defend their rights; but it was never in-
tended to perpetuate these disabilities. The
clause was inserted in the fourteenth amend-
ment, that they might be removed by a two-
thirds vote of Congress, with the expectation
that they would soon be removed. It was
never intended as anything more than a tem-
porary measure. Now, the public safety does
not require it to be continued, as I think, and
I want to see the amnesty biil passed, and I
am opposed to Hie whole amendment, because
I think it is calculated to defeat amnesty.
All these amendments I regard as designed
by many Senators who vote for them to defeat
amnesty, for I find that every Senator who is
opposed to removing disabilities votes for these
amendments.
But I wanted to say a word about the par-
ticular amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, which I should have said long ago if
my attention had not been diverted to some-
thing else by the question of my friend from
Vermont. The Senator from California is
aiming to hit the Chinese.
Mr. President, we have provided by law
that the pagan from Africa, the idolater, the
cannibal, the Hottentot can be naturalized
under our laws. The Senator from California
wants to exclude from naturalization the in-
genious, the laborious, the patient, and the
intelligent Asiatic from China or Japan. If
the Hottentot is fit to be a naturalized citizen
of this country, is not the intelligent China-
man or Japanese ? Sir, if we believe in human
rights, in equality, why attempt to make this
distinction? That is the only object, I sup-
pose, which the Senator from California had
in his amendment, although it goes further and
makes a distinction against every unnatural-
ized person, though of the Caucasian race and
from Europe.
Mr. Presideut, I hope that no such amend-
ment as this will be adopted, and I raise tbe
question of order that it is not in order to
strike out what has been put in by a vote of
the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Pom-
eroy in the chair.) The question of order
being raised the Clerk will read the rule. The
Chair understands that when a motion to strike
out has been made and has failed, it does not
preclude a motion to strike out and insert.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was not this case.
This was an insertion. These very words have
been inserted.
Mr. COLE. The motion is to strike out
the section and insert what I have sent up.
Mr. MORTON. I thought there was great
anxiety to pass the amnesty bill, but I am sat-
isfied now there is not, and I move that the
Senate adjourn. ["No!" "No!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decides that the motion of the Senator from
California is in order. The Senator from In-
diana moves that tbe Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In regard to the ques-
tion of order I wish to say a word. I way
misunderstand the precise situation of it, but
