6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
Survey, and has completed the surveys author-
ized by Congress of the Isthmuses of Darien and
Tehuantepee, and, under like authority, has
sent out an expedition completely furnished
and equipped'to explore the unknown ocean
of the North. The suggestions of the report
as to the necessity for increasing and improv-
ing the material of the Navy, and the plan
recommended for reducing the personnel of the
service to a peace standard, by the gradual
abolition of certain grades of officers, the
reduction of others, and the employment of
some in the service of the commercial marine,
are well considered and deserve the thought-
ful attention of Congress. 1 also recommend
that all promotions in the Navy above the rank
of captain be by selection instead of by sen-
iority. This course will secure in the higher
grades greater efficiency, and hold out an
incentive to young officers to improve them-
selves in the knowledge of their profession.
The present cost of maintaining the Navy, its
cost compared with that of the preceding year,
and ti\e estimates for tho ensuing year, are
contained in the accompanying report of the
Secretary of the Navy.
The enlarged receipts of the Post Office
Department, a? shown by the accompanying
report of the Postmaster General, exhibit a
gratifying increase in that branch of the pub-
lic service. It is the index of the growth of
education and of the prosperity of the people,
two elements highly conducive to the vigor and
stability of republics. With a vast territory
like ours, much of it sparsely populated, but
all requiring the services of the mail, it is not
at present to be expected that this Department
can be made self-sustaining. But a gradual
approach to this end, from year to year, is
confidently relied on, and the day is not far
distant when the Post Office Department of
the Government will prove a much greater
blessing to the whole people than it is now.
The suggestions of the Postmaster Gen-
eia' for improvements in the Department pre-
sided over by him are earnestly recommended
to your special attention. Especially do I
recommend favorable consideration of the
plan for uniting the telegraphic system of the
Gnitt'd S.ates wiili the postal system. It is
believed that by such a course the cost of
telegraphing could be much reduced, and the
service as well, if not better, rendered. It
would secure the further advantage of extend-
ing the telegraph through portions of the coun-
try where private enterprise will not construct
it. Commerce, trade, and above all the efforts
to bring a people widely separated into a com-
munity of interest, are always benefited by a
rapid intercommunication.
Education, the ground-work of republican
institutions, is encouraged by increasing the
facilities to gather speedy news from all parts
of the country. The desire to reap the benefit
of such improvements will stimulate education.
I refer you to the report of the Postmaster
General for full details of the operations of
last year, and for comparative statements of
results with former years.
There has been imposed upon the executive
branch of the Government the execution of
the act of Congress approved April 20, 1871,
and commonly known as the Iiu Klux law,
in a portion of the State of South Carolina.
The necessity of the course pursued will be
demonstrated by the report of the committee
to investigate southern outrages.
Under the provisions of the above act, I
issued a proclamation calling the attention of
the people of the United States to the same,
and declaring my reluctance to exercise any
of the extraordinary powers thereby conferred
upon me, exceptin case of imperative necessity,
but making known my purpose to exercise such
powers whenever it should become necessary
to do so for the purpose of securing to all citi-
zens of the United States the peaceful enjoy-
ment of the rights guarantied to them by the
Constitution and the laws,
After the passage of this law, information was
received from time to time that combinations
of the character referred to in this law existed
and were powerful in many parts of the south-
ern States, particularly in certain counties in
the State of South Carolina.
Careful investigation was made, and it was
ascertained that in nine counties of that State
such combinations were active and powerful,
embracing a sufficient portion of the citizens
to control the local authority, and having,
among other things, the object of depriving
the emancipated class of the substantial bene-
fits of freedom, and of preventing the free
political action of those citizens who did not
sympathize with their own views. ^ Among
their operations were frequent scourgings and
occasional assassinations, generally perpe-
trated at night by disguised persons, the vic-
tims in almost all cases being citizens of dif-
ferent political sentiments from their own, or
freed persons who had shown a disposition to
claim equal rights with other citizens. Thou-
sands of inoffensive and well-disposed citizens
were the sufferers by this lawless violence.
Thereupon, on the 12th day of October,
1871, a proclamation was issued, in terms of
the law, calling upon the members of those
combinations to disperse within five days, and
to deliver to the marshal or military officers of
the United States all arms, ammunition, uni-
forms, disguises, and other means and imple-
ments used by them for carrying out their un-
lawful purposes.
This warning not having been heeded, on
the 17th of October another proclamation was
issued suspending the privileges of the writ
of habeas corpus in nine counties in that State.
Direction was given that, within the coun-
ties so designated, persons supposed, upon
creditable information, to be members of
such unlawful combinations should be ar-
rested by the military forces of the United
States, and delivered to the marshal, to be
dealt with according to law. In two of said
counties, York and Spartanburg, many arrests
have been made. At the last account, the
number of persons thus arrested was one hun-
dred and sixty-eight. Several hundred, whose
criminality was ascertained to be of an infe-
rior degree, were released for the present.
These have generally made confessions of
their guilt.
Great caution has been exercised in making
these arrests, and, notwithstanding the large
number, it is believed that no innocent person
is now in custody.
The prisoners will be held for regular trial
in the judicial tribunals of the United States.
As soon as it appeared that the authorities of
the United States were about to take vigorous
measures to enforce the law, many persons
absconded, and there is good ground for sup-
posing that all of such persons have violated
the law.
A full report of what has been done under
this law will be submitted to Congress by the
Attorney General.
In Utah there still remains a remnant of
barbarism, repugnant to civilization, to de-
cency, and to the laws of the United States.
Territorial officers, however,have been found
who are willing to perform their duty in a spirit
of equity, and with a due sense of the necessity
of sustaining the majesty of the law. Neither
polygamy, nor any other violation of existing
statutes, will be permitted within the territory
of the United States. It is not with the reli-
gion of the self-styled saints that we -are now
dealing, but with their practices. They will
be protected in their worship of God accord-
ing to the dictates of their consciences, but
they will not be permitted to violate the laws
under the cloak of religion.
It may be advisable for Congress to consider
what, in the execution of the laws against
polygamy, is to be the status of plural wives
and their offspring. The propriety of Con-
gress passing an enabling act, authorizing the
territorial Legislature of Utah to legitimize
all children born prior to a time fixed in the
act, might be justified by its humanity to these
innocent children. This is a suggestion only,
and not a recommendation.
The policy pursued toward the Indians has
resulted favorably so far as can be judged from
the limited time during which it has been in
operation. Through the exertions of the vari-
ous societies of Christians, to whom has been
intrusted the execution of the policy, and the
board of commissioners authorized by the law
of April 10, 1869, many tribes of Indians have
been induccd to settle upon reservations, to
cultivate the soil, to perform productive labor
of various kinds, and to partially accept civil-
ization. They are being cared for in such a
way, it is hoped, as to induce those still pur-
suing the old habits of life to embrace the
only opportunity which is left them to avoid
extermination.
I recommend liberal appropriations to carry
out the Indian peace policy, not only because
it is humane, Christian-like, and economical,
but because it is right.
I recommend to your favorable considera-
tion also the policy of granting a territorial
government to the Indians in the Indian ter-
ritory west of Arkansas and Missouri and
south of Kansas. In doing so every right
guarantied to the Indian by treaty should be
secured. Such a course might, in time, be the
means of collecting most of the Indians now
between the Missouri and the Pacific, and
south of the British possessions, into one Terri-
tory or one State.
The Secretary of the Interior has treated
upon this subject at length, and I commend to
you his suggestions.
I renew my recommendation that the public
lands be regarded as a heritage to our chil-
dren, to be disposed of only as required for
occupation, and to actual settlers. Those
already granted have been, in great part,
disposed of in such a way as to secure
access to the balance by the hardy settler who
may wish to avail himself of them. But cau-
tion should be exercised even in attaining so
desirable an object.
Educational interest may well be served by
the grant of the proceeds of the sale of publtc
lands to settlers. I do not wish to be under-
stood as recommending, in the least degree,
a curtailment of what is being done by the
General Government for the encouragement of
education.
The report of the Secretary of the Interior,
submitted with this, will give you all the in-
formation collected and prepared for publica-
tion in regard to the census taken during the
year 1870; the operations of the Bureau of
Education for the year; the Patent Office, the
Pension Office, the Land Office, and the Indian
bureau.
The report of the Commissioner of Agricul-
ture gives the operations of his Department for
the year. As agriculture is the groundwork of
our prosperity, too much importance cannot be
attached to the labors of this Department. It
is in the hands of an able head, with able
assistants, all zealously devoted to introducing
into the agricultural productions of the nation
all useful products adapted to any of the vari-
ous climates and soils of our vast territory,
and to giving all useful information as to the
method of cultivation, the plants, cereals, and
other products adapted to particular localities.
Quietly but surely the Agricultural bureau
is working a great national good, and if liber-
ally supported, the more widely its influence
will be extended and the less dependent we
shall be upon the products of foreign countries.
The subject of compensation to the heads
of bureaus and officials holding positions of
responsibility, and requiring ability and char-
acter to fill properly, is one to which your
attention is invited. But few of the officials
receive a compensation equal to the respect-
able support of a family, while their duties are
