1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
such as to involve millions of interest. In
private life services demand compensation
equal to the services rendered. A wise econ-
omy would dictate the same rule in the Gov-
ernment service.
I have not given the estimates for the sap-
port of Government for the ensuing year, nor
the comparative statement between the expend-
itures for the year just passed and the one
just preceding, because all these figures are
contained in the accompanying reports, or in
those presented directly to Congress. These
estimates have my approval
More than six years having elapsed since
the last hostile gun was fired between the
armies then arrayed against each other, one
for the perpetuation, the other for the destruc-
tion of the Union, it may well be considered
whether it is not now time that the disabil-
ities imposed by the fourteenth amendment
should be removed. That amendment does
not exclude the ballot, but only imposes the
disability to hold offices upon certain classes.
When the purity of the ballot is secure, ma-
jorities are sure to elect officers reflecting
the views of the majority. I do not see the
advantage or propriety of excluding men from
office merely because they were, before the
rebellion, of standing and character sufficient
to be elected to positions requiring them to
take oaths to support the Constitution,,and
admitting to eligibility those entertaining pre-
cisely the same views, but of less standing in
their communities. It may be said that the
former violated an oath while the latter did
not. The latter did not have it in their power
to do so. If they bad taken this oath, it can-
not be doubted they would have broken it as
did the former class. If there are any great
criminals, distinguished above all others for
the part they took in opposition to the Gov-
ernment, they might, in the judgment of Con-
gress, be excluded from such an amnesty. This
subject is submitted for your careful consid-
eration.
The condition of the southern States is un-
happily not such as all true, patriotic citizens
would like to see. Social ostracism for opin-
ion's sake, personal violence or threats toward
persons entertaining political views opposed to
those entertained by the majority of the old
citizens, prevents immigration, and the flow of
much-needed capital into the States lately in
rebellion. It will be a happy condition of the
country when the old citizens of these States
will take an interest in public affairs, promul-
gate ideas honestly entertained, vote for men
representing their views, and tolerate the same
freedom of expression and ballot in those en-
tertaining different political convictions.
Under the provisions of the act of Congress,
approved February 21, 1871, a territorial gov-
ernment was organized in the District of Co-
lumbia. Its results have thus far fully realized
the expectations of its advocates. Under the
direction of the territorial officers, a system of
improvements has been inaugurated by means
of which Washington is rapidly becoming a
city worthy of the nation's capital. The citi-
zens of the District having voluntarily taxed
themselves to a large amount for the purpose
of contributing to the adornment of the seat
of Government, I recommend liberal appro-
priations on the part of Congress in order that
the Government may bear its just share of the
expense of carrying out a judicious system of
improvements.
By the great fire in Chicago, the most impor-
tant of the Government buildings in that city
were consumed. Those burned had already
become inadequate to the wants of the Govern-
ment in that growing city, and, looking to the
near future, were totally inadequate.
I recommend, therefore, thatan appropriation
be made immediately to purchase the remain-
der of the square on which the burned build-
ings stood, provided it can be purchased at a
fair valuation, or provided that the Legislature
of Illinois will pass a law authorizing its con-
demnation for Government purposes; and also
an appropriation of as much money as can
properly be expended toward the erection of
new buildings during this fiscal year.
The number of immigrants, ignorant of our
laws, habits, &c., coming into our country
annually, has become so great, and the impo-
sitions practised upon them so uumerous and
flagrant, that I suggest congressional action
for their protection. It seems to me a fair
subject of legislation by Congress.
I cannot now state as fully as I desire, the
nature of the complaints made by immigrants
of the treatment they receive, but will en-
deavor to do so during the session of Congress,
particularly if the subject should receive your i
attention. j
It has been the aim of the Administration to j
enforce honesty and efficiency in all public i
offices. Every public servant who has violated I
the trust placed in him has been proceeded i
against with all the vigor of the law. If bad j
men have secured places, it has been the fault :
of the system established by law and custom !
for making appointments, or the fault of those
who recommend for Government positions per-
sons not sufficiently well known to them per-
sonally, or who give letters indorsing the
characters of office-seekers without a proper
sense of the grave responsibility which such a
course devolves upon them.
A civil service reform which can correct this
abuse is much desired. In mercantile pursuits
the business man who gives a letter ot recom-
mendation to a friend to enable him to obtain
credit from a stranger, is regarded as morally
responsible for the integrity of his friend and
his ability to meet his obligations.
A reformatory law which would enforce this
principle against all indorsers of persons for
public place would insure great caution in
making recommendations. A salutary lesson
has been taught the careless and the dishonest
public servant in the great number of prose-
cutions and convictions of the last two years.
It is gratifying to notice the favorable change
which is taking place throughout the country
in bringing to punishment those who have
proven recreant to the trusts confided to them,
and in elevating to public office none but those
who possess the confidence of the honest and
the virtuous, who, it will always be found,
comprise the majority of the community in
which they live.
In my message to Congress one year ago I
urgently recommended a reform in the civil
service of the country. In conformity with
that recommendation, Congress, in the ninth
section of an act making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government, and
for other purposes, approved March 3, 1871,
gave the necessary authority to the Executive
to inaugurate a civil service reform, and placed
upon him the responsibility of doing so.
Under the authority of said act, I convened a
board of gentlemen eminently qualified for
the work, to devise rules and regulations to
effect the needed reform. Their labors are
not yet complete, but it is believed that they
will succeed in devising a plan which can be
adopted to the great relief of the Executive,
the heads of Departments, and members of
Congress, and which will redound to the true
interest of the public service. At all events,
the experiment shall have a fair trial.
I have thus hastily summed up the opera-
tions of the Government during the last year,
and made such suggestions as occur to me to
be proper for your consideration.
I submit them with a confidence that your
combined action will be wise, statesmanlike,
and in the best interests of the whole country.
U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion,
December 4, 1871.
Mr. ANTHONY." I move that the mes-
sage be printed for the use of the Senate, and
that two thousand extra copies be printed,
the latter motion to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing when appointed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island moves that the message
and accompanying documents be printed and
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
also moves that tv/o thousand extra copies be
printed for the use of the Senate; which motion
will lie on the table until the Committee on
Printing shall have been selected by the Senate.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary
of the Treasury, transmitting, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of February
27, 1871, a letter of the Third Auditor relative
to claims incurred in suppressing Indian hos-
tilities in Oregon and Washington Territories,
and which were acted and reported upon by
the commission authorized by the act of August
18, 1850; which was ordered to iie on the
I table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a communi-
cal ion from the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the loth of February, 1871, a
letter of the Third Auditor relative to claims
: incurred in the suppression of Indian hostili-
ties in Oregon and Washington Territories, and
which were not acted or reported upon by the
commission authorized by the act of August
18, 1856 ; which was ordered t,o lie on the
ta-ble, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting additional information relaiiveto
claims for tlie suppression of Indian hostilities
in Oregon and Washington 'Territories ; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also li.id before the Senate a communi-
cation from the Secretary of State, inclosing
the testimony of M. B. Soto in the matter of
the claim of J. C. Beais, taken m the city of
Mexico, to be used before the Committee on
Private Land Claims; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
teeritonial laws
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the acts, resolutions, and memorials
adopted by the sixth Legislative Assembly of
the Territory of Arizona, beginning on the
lltli of January, and ending on the 20th ,of
Febi nary, 1871; which were ordered to lie on
the table.
annual reports.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the annual report of the Secretary of
the Treasury on the state of the finances;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate the annual
report of the Comptroller of the Currency;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate the annual
report of the commissioners to revise the
statutes of the United States: which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also presented the nineteenth annual
report of the Congressional Printer, showing
the condition of the public printing, binding,
&c. ; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
He also presented the annual report of the
Commissioner of Agriculture of the operations
of the department for the year 1871; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of the Senate, containing a state-
ment of receipts and expenditures for the year
ending December 4, 1871. mid also an account
of the property of the Government in his pos-
session ; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
