1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ISO!
Bross, ex-Lieutenant Governor of theState of
Illinois, as shown by hi3 letter, inclosed it to
me and laid it on my table in the afternoon of
that day. I cite this to show that the object
of the letter seemed not so much to reach my
eye but for Senators and the public who re-
ceived it in print much earlier in the day than
I did. It is stared by the writer inclosing it
that it was printed because of the character of
the chirography for my convenience. Yes, my
convenience. The writer, in justification,
couples illegibility with his own hand; and yet
he writes, not prints his own note, and had
Mr. Medill's letter printed. I leave him to
reconcile that reflection with the mayor. But I
desire to call attention to that incident as a
characteristic of the effort that has been made
all along by the supporters of this bill, not
only in its original inception, but daring the
progress of it, by the gentlemen who came
here to press its passage, and a part of the
peculiar feeling and manner that has been
shown by more or less of that delegation.
Why, sir, there was a gentleman here who
followed that delegation, I cannot say he
was a member of it, but when it was known
that he was opposed to this bill his name was.
sought for. 1 was approached and my col-
league was approached to give his name, and
on refusal the response was '' We'll settle him
if we can only know who he is."
I noticed in the published appointment of
the delegation from Chicago that as one after
another declined and others were placed in
their stead, it was remarked by one—I will not
quote the exact words on account of the lan-
guage—that they must, be very careful whom
they appointed; in other words, make sure of
those they sent. Now, sir, let me state a fact,
that there was with that delegation a gentle-
man whom 1 will not name, but who said that
he was constrained to come here, knowing at
the same time that the passage of this bill
would be a serious blow to bis occupation.
Let me mention another fact that is significant,
because straws show how the wind blows. A.
Globe containing my speech on this subject
was sent to a gentleman in Chicago. It con-
tained not only what I said, but much of the
cuirent debate. It was returned. If it had
contained only my remarks, I mighthave con-
sidered his action his rightful criticism on
what I said, but as the paper included the re-
marks of the Senator from Illinois as well, I
accepted that the act was indicative of the
feeling which prevails there.
In view of my personal relations with Mr.
Medill, the mayor of the city, which have
always been pleasant, I regretted to see such
a letter as this in print. I accept the force of
the implied threat, and yet after all feel that
we.can withstand that threat, while time shall
doubtless modify his judgment as well as that
of others who accord with such menaces.
There is one paragraph in his letter in
which he states the character of this whole
question. 1 refer to that in which he admits
that if the insurance companies had paid up
their policies the people of Chicago would
not have needed or demanded this relief.
Why, sir, go to the State of Connecticut and
interrogate the capitalists there interested in
insurance business as to how much they lost
by the fire in the city of Chicago, and you
Will find that $50,000,000 will not cover their
loss. Now it is proposed to put money in the
hands of these and other capitalists outside
that city by this rebate to reerect the burnt dis-
trict when they are now plethoric with wealth.
1 speak that considerately, because I am
advised of what I speak; and it was only in
that regard that I cited the fact without men-
tioning names of a large number of citizens
still large Capitalists in Chicago.
Diverging from the point alluded to in this
letter, 1 will right here, while it occurs to my
mind, speak of another fact. On this burnt
district not only, as stated by my colleague,
has property doubled, but there are some
twenty blocks that were more or lesa covered
with moderate buildings, old rookeries, and
houses of prostitution, with streets where it
was unsafe for people to travel at night, and
those have been swept by this besom of de-
struction, and to day property that was before
the fire worth only three to four hundred dol-
lars a foot is now worth from eight hundred to
one thousand dollars a foot.
We have heard of such and such commercial
movements; in other words, business houses
and interests centering at certain localities, an
thus enhancing the value of property; and it is
a fact to-day, as was stated by my colleague, not
only that this gentleman who was worth his
millions, or a million at least, said he would
not take double the amount he paid for the
property he bought, but there are men who
have bought fifteen hundred feet front on
such terms, and to-day would not take for
the property double what it was valued at
before the fire. There are many men whose
sagacity has led them into investments who are
now worth more than they were before the
fire. And it is proposed by this generous
method to distribute this relief to all such,
regardless of discrimination to reach the poor
who cannot come within the fire limits and
erect their homes and their places of business.
Sir, let me call your attention to what oc-
curred when this Government appropriated
$4,000,000 out of its Treasury to do what
the Senator from Iowa said was a duty on
the part of this country in erecting its pub-
lic building in that mart of the nation. Four
millions was a large amount to vote for a build-
ing, and yet no one hesitated to do it. I did
not hesitate, very cheerfully gave it my sup-
port. It was a gratification to me to cast the
vote, and if they had needed $5,000,000 for
the purpose, I would have voted it as readily
for such public building. But when the Gov-
ernment wished to buy the adjoining land to
complete the block on which its old building
riddled by fire stood, what was the price asked 'I
A price which would have made the whole, block
cost about two million dollars, compelling the
Secretary of the Treasury, under an act of the
Legislature of Illinois, to go two blocks south,
where he could purchase at a price deemed
fair in the judgment of that Secretary, saving
to the nation $600,000. No sooner had that
been done than the press criticised the action
of the Secretary of the Treasury in thus going
so far south of the old block, and whither he
was driven by these poor men, as stated, and
yet demanding such extravagant prices for
their realty. I refer to this simply to show that
by this proposition we are benefiting men
who are able to take care of themselves. Sir,
charity with equality is commendable, but
chaiity with disparity is indefensible, and no
Senator can make it just.
Now let me go back to the letter of Mayor
Medill. According to the paragraph to which
I have referred, if the insurance companies
had paid their policies promptly and had not
failed in their undertaking,' there would have
been no need for this relief. Now this Gov-
ernment must become the underwriter of the
city of Chicago. It is that and nothing else.
If those policies bad been paid no application
would have bcon made to Congress for relief.
Since policies have failed holders come here
to the capital of the nation to ask from its ex-
chequer what those compauies tailed to meet.
In the letter allusion is made to the duties
on lumber. I understand the threat. It is
that the dut.y on lumber will next be removed.
Sir, there is more manliness in that. When
the chairman of the Committee on Finance
reported in favor of a cutting down of the tariff
generally and proposed to strike off one fifth
of the protection now acccorded to lumber, I
gave mental assent, and I am ready to vote
for it without a query, and if in his judgment
and that of a majority of the Senate it is neces-
sary even to cut it down still more, I am ready
that lumber with other commodities of the
nation shall bear its fair proportion. But to
single out a commodity of Michigan in which
she largely trusts for her prosperity, and strike
that down because you would relieve one city,
is I say injustice, and you cannot be unjust
to one State without being unjust to your-
selves.
I have had letters from citizens of Chicago-
supporting the twenty reasons which have been
presented to the Senate from that city against
this bill. Those reasons were inclosed in a
letter with the signatures of three prominent
citizens there. I am not disposed to disclose
their names, because I have already incident-
ally and unintentionally injured one man, but
in justice to him I wish right.here to have read
the letter which he wrote me. The first inti-
mation of any expression from Chicago was
this letter, and in justice to a personal friend
I will send it to the desk to be read—not the
original, but a copy which I have. I wish to
remind the Senate that such a feeling was cre-
ated in the city of Chicago and such criticism
expressed upon the course of this gentleman
that he was compelled to write to me for his
letter, and 1 sent it to him, retaining a copy.
As he had given me the prices of brick and
lumber, the very articles that had been item-
ized as having gone up to such fabulous rates,
I felt that if the letter meant anything it meant
to convey to me the facts which it contained,
and as there were no ear-marks on it to indi-
cate privacy, I alluded to it and by a slip of
the tongue described the writer as the chair-
man of the executive committee of the relief
society, thus locating him when it was not my
intention to do so. It was insisted that I should
give authority, and gave it. For his vindica-
tion I ask to have his letter read as a part of
my remarks.
The Secretary read as follows:
Chicago, January 15,1872.
Bear Ferry: A good many of the lumbermen
have asked me to write you ill relation to the pro-
posed remission of duties on building material to be
used in the rebuilding of this city.
Aside from the frauds that such a law will cer-
tainly entail, I do not believe it will materially aid
Chicago, The lumbermen and brickmakers have
enlarged and nre enlarging their business to meet
the coming demand. For instance, common brick
are to-day offered for future delivery at $7 50, which
is as low as they were betore the fire. This decline
coiues from large preparation, which to some extent
will be discouraged by such a law and to a greater
extent, I am convinced, than any foreign f-uppiy
resulting from such a law. As to lumber, the Mich-
igan and Wisconsin lumbermen, with the aid of an
unusually favorable winter, will be entirely able to
meet the demand and at very reasonable ante-fire
prices, as some recent con tracts prove. Chicago for
her trade and greatness relies as much upon lier
lumber as any other item. It will be a curious way
to aid Chicago by paralyzing one of her principal
branches of commerce by an inundation of foreign
supplies. Our lumber interests have been builfc
upon the wants of this market.
The relation ought not to be disturbed upon an
impulse; certainly not until it appears that we are
unable to meet the demand. The poorer classes do
not need the law. The relief society has built eight
thousand houses (houses for forty thousand) and will
have covered their wants without the law., leaving
those who aro able to pay for what they wish to buy.
Your friend, WIRT DEXTER.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. This letter was
written by a citizen of Chicago who held a
prominent position on the executive commit-
tee of the aid and relief society, which stated
in this report, which I think I alluded to on a
former occasion, that twenty-seven million
feet of lumber had been distributed to the
poor at an average cost of $17 50 a thousand.
After this letter had been written the (eeling
and criticism of the press was so intense that
the letter was returned and he compelled to
write another in his defense that appeared in
the Chicago papers. I will not read the whole
of that published letter, as it has already been
given to the public. What I want to refer to
now is an error in time in connection with it.
He says that after having been convinced thai;
the bill was different in its application from
what he supposed, he subsequently t elegraphed
thus: "Jf confined to those rebuilding who
have been burned out, our lumbermen are if!
