3594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May IT,
(S. No. 881) to provide for the abatement or
repayment of taxes on distilled spirits in bond
destroyed by casualty, agreed to the confer-
ence asked by the Senate on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mr. James B. Beck of Kentucky,
Mr. Horatio C. Burchard of Illinois, and
Mr. Gostavcs A. Finkelnburg of Missouri,
managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of tlie
two Houses on the bill (LI. li. No. 1654)
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1872, and for former years, and for other
purposes.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills ; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2592) granting the right
of way to the Dakota Grand Trunk Railway
Company ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1500) to confirm title to
certain lands in Washington Territory ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2784) granting the right
of way to the Missouri Valley Railroad Com-
pany ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2785) for the relief of cer-
tain homestead settlers on the public lands.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 183) to authorize
the Secretary of the Interior to make partition
of the reservation of Me-shin-go-me-sia, a
Miami Indian, asked a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. John P. C. Shanks of
Indiana, Mr. James N. Tyner of Indiana,
and Mr. Eiuktus Wem.s of Missouri, man-
agers at the same on its part.
knkolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled hills ; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President;
An act (H. R. No. 540) for the relief of
Charles F. Tracy;
An act (H. R. No. 752) to appropriate to
Henry Clay Williams a sum of money found
due him on the adjustment of his accounts;
An act (II. 14. No. 1182) to create an addi-
tional land district in the Srate of Minnesota;
An act (II. R. No. 17Gli) to authorize the
Chicago and Northwestern Railway Company
to change their projected line of railway in
the State of Michigan ;
An act (II. R. No. 2195) relating to certain
lands in tlic State of Alabama ;
An act (H. R. No. 2290) regulating the
mode of making private contracts with In-
dians;
An act (H. R. No. 2031) to withdraw from
settlement and sale a certain section of land m
Wyoming Territory;
An act, (II. R. No. 2085) to establish an
additional land district in the Territory of
Dakota;
A bill (II. R. No. 1072) to fix the times for
holding United States courts in the eighth
circuit;
A bill (H. R. No. 1G54) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872, and for
former years, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1958) to authorize the city
of Buffalo, New York, to construct a tunnel
under Niagara river, and to erect and main-
tain an inlet-pier therefrom for the purpose of
supplying the city of Buffalo with pure Water;
A bill (H. R. No, 2093) to grant an Ameri-
can register to the Hawaiian bark Florence ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2187) to confirm the
action of the board of aldermen and common
council of the city of Washington designating
a depot site for the Baltimore and Potomac
Railroad Company, and for other purposes;
A bill (H, li. No. 2313) to authorize the
construction of a bridge over the tide-water
of Dunstan river, in the State of Maine ; and
Abill (H. R.No. 2341) to allow the pleasure-
yacht Red Hot to take the name of Addie
Parker and be registered under that name.
order, 01? business.
Mr. SUMNER. I now ask the Senate to
be good enough to take up the District school
bill. It has been discussed. I think there will
be no more speaking upon it.
Mr. COLE. 1 understood the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Blair] to give way to the Sen-
ator from Louisiana [Mr. West] to call up the
Army appropriation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe I have the floor,
and have submitted a motion.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 gave way to the Senator
from Louisiana.
Mr. WEST. But the Chair did not recog-
nize me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
heard the voice of the Senator from Massachu-
setts first.
Mr. STOCKTON. I rise to a question of
order. The Chair decided that the Senator
from Missouri had the floor. The Senator
from Missouri then gave way to the Senator
from Louisiana. The Chair then could not
recognize, except by mistake or not under-
standing bow the matter stood, the Senator
from Massachusetts. The floor is now in the
possession of the Senator from Missouri.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bore-
man.) The Chair now decides that the Sen-
ator from Missouri was not entitled to procced
oven if the Chair had been aware of it. The
consideration of the bill upon which the Sen-
ator from Missouri was entitled to the floor
was postponed until Monday, and that ended
that business.
Mr. BLAIR. My motive in giving way was
that the Army appropriation bill might be
taken up and acted upon. That bill had been
heretofore assigned for this day by an order
of the Senate, and when we came to an agree-
ment that the bill of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania should be postponed until Monday, I
resigned the floor to the Senator from Louisi-
ana for the purpose of bringing up that bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator from
Louisiana will not interfere with the vote of
the Senate on the school bill.
Mr. BLAIR. A vote cannot be taken on
the school bill.
Mr. WEST. I have no objection to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts  
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; then Ihopeiny
motion will be put.
Mr. WEST. The Senator from Massachu-
setts anticipates what I was about to say. I have
no objection to there being a test of the Sen-
ate, whether they will take up his bill or not,
knowing that the Army appropriation bill is
pressing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is informed that there was an understanding
that the Army appropriation bill would be
taken np to-day. There is no special order for
to-day, but the understanding has been that
the Army appropriation bill would come up,
and in justice to the members of the com-
mittee who have it in charge, that understand-
ing should be carried out, although if the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts insists on his motion
he will have the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to interfere
with any arrangement or understanding, but
I was not aware of any, and it does seem to me
that_I_may make an appeal to my friend from
Louisiana, and also to the Senate, to allow a
vote to be taken on this bill, particularly when
the Senate wasso earnest on the railroad bill.
I ask that they shall give only a tithe of that
earnestness to the school bill. I do not think
it will be debated. It has been debated. Sen-
ators have exhaled their sentiments and their
prejudices, one and the other. I doubt whether
there is any more to be said.
Mr. COLE. If there is to be no debate
upon it, if a vote can be taken, I shall not in-
terpose an objection, because I shall be very
glad indeed to have that question out of the
way ; but I am, for one, very anxious that we
should proceed with the Army appropriation
bill. I was apprehensive, I will state to my
friend the Senator from Massachusetts, that
there would be considerable debate upon his
bill, and that it would result in the loss of the
rest of the day, which day has been set apart
for the consideration of the Army appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Even supposing it did take
the rest of the day it would be no loss ; but I
do not think it would take it.
Mr. CASSERLY rose.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe Senators, I believe
my friend from California, [Mr. Casserly,]
who on this question is generally " all saddled,
all bridled, all equipped for the fight," has
no desire for a contest now. [Laughter.] I
believe he will join me now in inviting a vote.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, if he will allow me, had better
not refer to me. I think his bill has a couple
of days if not three or four days of debate in
it yet. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator can transfer
that debate to the general bill, the civil rights
bill. This is the school bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I really had not thought
of that.
Mr. SUMNER. Now the Senator may
think of it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I presume the Senator
is quite right in supposing that what may be
said upon one is applicable to the other in
some measure; but I trust the Senator will
understand that each of his bills has the pecu-
liar merit of being quite certain to provoke
mor^deb&te than I think can well be afforded
at this stage of the session.
Mr. SUMNER. Are we to understand that
the Senator himself ia to ride into the lists 1
I do not understand that the Senator is. Does
the Senator know of any Senator who is dis-
posed to speak upon it? I think the debate
is exhausted. Every argument that has been
brought forward against the bill has been
answered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
motion pending. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts makes a motion the Chair will put it
to the Senate; otherwise he will recognize
the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the District
school bill.
Mr. COLE. I hope that will be voted down.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope not.
Mr. CASSERLY. I rise to a point of order.
j. he PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California will state his point of order.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood that the
Army appropriation bill was assigned for to-
day. It was displaced by the vote to take up
the bill which has just been laid aside until
Monday. I supposed then, as a matter of
course, in the absence of some new vote of
the Senate displacing the Army appropriation
bill, that came up. I make the point of order
whether the Army appropriation bill is not
now entitled to come up before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There was
no order made in regard to it. By unanimous
consent that was the understanding; but such
an understanding is not binding upon Seuators
unless they choose to observe it. The Senator
from Massachusetts can make his motion if he
chooses so to do.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not suppose that
the Seuator from Massachusetts would violate
a unanimous agreement of the Senate.
