2698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
Mr. WHEELER. The rule provides that
where a motion to reconsider hag been once
made and lost it is not in order to renew it.
The SPEAKER, the Chair agrees with
the gentleman in that statement. But the
point now is whether it is in order to move
that the pending motion to reconsider be laid
on the table. It is merely changing the nega-
tive to the affirmative; it gives neither side
any advantage.
The question was then taken "upon the mo-
tion to lay on the table the motion to recon-
sider ; and upon a division there were—ayes
48, noes 78.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLM AN said: As this is a fair test-
question, I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken ; and there
were—yeas 73, nays 99, not voting 68; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams. Ambler, Arthur,
Banks, Beatty, Beck, Bell, Bird, James G. Blair,
Braxton, Bright, Buffinton, Benjamin F. Butler,
Coburn, Comingo, Cox, Crossland, Davis, Eldredge,
Einkelnburg, Garfield, Golladay, Griffith, Halde-
man, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Havens, Hay, Here-
ford, Herndon, Hibbard, Holman, Kerr, Kiliinger,
King, Lamison, Lewis, Manson, McClelland, Mcln-
tyre, McNeely, Merrick, Monroe, Hosea W. Parker,
Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice,
Ritchie, William R. Roberts, Shanks, Sherwood,
Slater. R. Milton Speer, Sprague, Stevens. Steven-
son, Stoughton. Strong, Terry, Dwight Townsend,
Tuthill.Tyner.Van Trump, Waddell, Walden, Wells,
Whitthorne, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Wood, and
Young—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Barber, Barnum,
Bingham, Austin Blair, George M. Brooks, Buckley,
Burchard, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler. Freeman
Clarke, Coghlan, Conger, Cotton, Crocker, Dawes,
De_ Large, Dickey, Duell, Duke, Dunneil, Barnes,
Elliott, Ely, Farnsworth, Frye, Garrett, Getz, Har-
per, George E. Harris, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton,
John W. Hazel ton. Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Kel-
ley, Ketcham, Lamport, Lansing, Leach, Lowe, Mc-
Crary, MeHenry. McJunkin, McKee, Mercur, Mer-
riam, Mitchell, Moore, Morey, Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Negley, Niblack, Packard, Packer, Palmer,
Peck, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Peters,
Piatt, Poland, Prindle, Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts,
Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Seeley, Sessions, Sheldon,
Shoemaker, Sloss, H. Boardman Smith, Snapp,
Snyder, Thomas J. Speer. Starkweather, Stowell,
Sutherland, Sypher, Taffe, Thomas, Turner, Twich-
ell, Upson, Voorhees, Wakeman, Waldron, Wallace,
Warren, Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard, and Williams
of Indiana—89.
NOT V OTIN G—Messrs. Archer, Barry, Beveridge,
Bigby, Biggs, Boles, James Brooks, Caldwell, Camp-
bell, Carroll, William T.Clark, Cobb, Conner, Crcbs,
Creely, Criteher, Darrali, Donnan, Dox, Du Bose,
Harwell, Forker, Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster,
Wilder D. Foster, Goodrich, Hale, Halsey, Harable-
ton, Harmer, John T. Harris. Hawley, Hill, Kellogg,
Kendall, Kinsella, Lyncb, Marshall, Maynard, Mc-
Cormick, McGrew, McKinney, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Morgan, Orr, Isaac C. Parker, Pendleton, Porter,
Potter, Price, Robinson. Roosevelt, Sawyer, Scofield,
Shellabarger, Shober, Sloeum, John A. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Storm, St. John, Swann,
Washington Townsend, Vaughan, Walls, Williams
of New York, John T. Wilson, and Winchester—68.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the
motion to reconsider; and it was agreed to,
upon a division—ayes 87, noes 58.
The question then recurred upon the motion
to recommit the bill to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
Mr. WHEELER. I withdraw the motion
to recommit, and now move as a substitute
for the original bill that which I had read by
the Clerk a few minutes ago.
The amendment was read at length as
printed in a previous part of to-day's proceed-
ings.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Wheeler] allow
me to offer the amendment I suggested a short
time since?
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask the gentleman to
permit me to move an amendment to come in
at the end of the substitute.
Mr. WHEELER. I will hear the amend-
ment ol the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Niblack:.]
The amendment was read, as follows:
And Congress may at any time after, amend or
repeal this act, having due regard to the rights and
interests of the railroad companies which may have
availed themselves of the privileges hereby granted,
Mr. WHEELER. I see no objection to
that amendment, and am willing to accept it.
The amendment to the substitute was then
agreed to.
Mr. WHEELER. I now yield to my col-
league [Mr. Cox] for ten minutes.
Mr. COX. I do not intend to go into a
debate as to the details of this bill. Since
it was before the House last it has undergone
some changes. It has now various pretenses
of recompense to the Government for the
grant which is sought without consideration ;
but still as a land grant it is just as demoral-
izing in its tendency as it ever was. I can
only reiterate the protest of the people whom
I represent, the working people, who are
not always represented here, and who seek to
be heard by petitions such as that which I hold
in my hand—the protest of the city in which I
live, expressed again and again to this House
against any system like this, which really gives
away not only the public domain, but a most
important piece of public land which the Gov-
ernment may need for the defense of the Pacific
coast.
I have sought the floor, Mr. Speaker, in
order to have read a telegram which I think
may throw some light on this discussion. I
said that California was not represented on
this question in this House. I said it because
the members of that State had uniformly voted
in favor of this peculiar bill. I repeat that in
my judgment the members from the State of
California have not correctly represented the
public sentiment of that State on this ques-
tion.
The gentleman from California [Mr. Sar-
gent] who spoke a while ago seems to quarrel
with one of bis newspapers, the Alta Cali-
fornia, for speaking out very plainly upon this
subject. I have nothing to do with local quar-
rels between that gentleman and the newspa-
pers of his State. 1 only know from my knowl-
edge of the Pacific coast that no newspaper
in California, except perhaps two, the Sacra-
mento Union and the San Francisco Bulletin,
speaks with more emphasis, cogency, and hon-
esty for the people of that State than does the
Alta California. I have not here the extracts
from that paper denunciatory of this bill; but
I believe they have already been read to the
House. Indeed, they have been quoted to
show the unrepresentative character of the
California representatives on this question.
Sir, the Bulletin, the great paper of the
Pacific coast, which circulates there almost
everywhere, from the top of the Sierras down
to the coast range and throughout all that
State of seven hundred miles in length and
three hundred in width, has been quoted as
favoring this "peculiar business; but I happen
to have in my hand (it has been sent to me
by the editors of that paper) their emphatic
protest against this bill. The reason given
by these newspapers, the Sacramento Union,
wnich, I believe, hasdeiiouncedtheproject, and
also the Bulletin, all Republican papers, is that
good faith has not been kept by this company
with the people of the various sections where
the company has sought to make its termini.
The Bulletin, in its edition of March 22, says:
"The tiinehas therefore arrived when there should
be a frank understanding with the railroad com-
pany. Do they mean to come into San Francisco, as
they have promised and as the terms of their fran-
chise from Congress contemplated, or to attempt
building up a rival city and diverting the com-
merce of the port?"
In another article headed, "A Stupendous
Scheme," the whole project of this company
is analyzed and denounced in the strongest
terms compatible with decency and morality.
I call attention to that article, which is as
follows :
"AStupendous Scheme— The Central Pacific Rail-
road Company, from the inception of the enterprise,
has had a policy of which the public knows little or
nothing. In voting subsidies, the people have had
to go in the dark. They were not informed as to
what would be done; it was a demand for money or
land continually. The public realize that the rail-
road company at one time has made quasi promises
that the voad would terminate at Mission bay; at
another it has promised that Oakland should be the
terminus; and still another, that Vallejo should be
the favored location. At all of these places the
railroad company has acquired valuable real estate,
under the supposition that these towns were respect-
ively to receive benefits from the concession of
property to the company.
"At this time the people realize that those prom-
ises amount to nothing; that the company intend to
do what will bring its managers the most money.
This is why the people are left so completely in the
dark even while an effort is being made to acquire
Goat Island and its approaches, and at the same
time the company is asking for an enlargement of
the grant of land in Mission bay, together with the
China Basin, <fcc.
" Now, what does all of this mean ? Simply, that
we are asked to give land to the company without
knowing what it is to be used for. At this time we
are even in doubt whether thievery Mission bay
property may not be made available as so much
means to injure San Francisco. It is a vast estate
in the heart of a great city, and worth millions of
dollars. It is now believed that Stanford & Co. do
not intend to come to Mission bay with any railroad
except that which will follow down the coast coun-
ties to Los Angeles, San Diego, &c., but construct a
town extending from the Oakland shore f> Goat
Island, or as near to that point as may be permitted
by the Government, and we do not see why Goat
Island may not torm a portion of that town. The
map which we publish to-day will show by a dotted
line, taking in avast tract of the bay on the Oakland
side, where the company claims to own. This line,
as will be seen, is within a short distance of Goat
Island, and it is urged that the company intend to
fill in, both from the island and from the hills north
of Oakland, and make a town which the company
will own exclusively.
" It is a grand seheme, and if San Francisco will
but permit the bay to be used in the way suggested
we do not see why the company may not be entirely
successful. Indeed, the shallowness of the water on
the Oakland side, taken in connection with the
rocky and firm foundation of the bottom, renders it
perlectly practicable to carry out such a project. It
was supposed for a time that the Central Pacific
Railroad Company would be satisfied with a bridge
across the bay, and enter this city in that way ; but
such is not their intention, forthey have discouraged
the bridge project. There is every reason to believe
that the plan here sketched is that which has been
substantially adopted by the railroad company.
"_We have been free to comment adversely to any
project which looks, however remotely, to bring
injury to San Francisco and her inhabitants by the
railroad company, because we have always endeav-
ored to deal justly by it. We would do so *till; give
it every means to do our business with facility and
with advantage to its stockholders; but we are
opposed to the city tying herself ui any further.
We are utterly opposed to granting Goat Inland to
the railroad company, for we are perfectly satisfied
this cannot be done with safety to the people. We
have gone just as far as we can afford to go. Tne
city owns property worth four or five hundred mil-
lion dollars. We may use a portion of this property
so as to benefit ourselves—build a bridge across the
bay, and if need be, aid a railroad extending to the
Atlantic States. San Francisco is strong enough net
to be trifled with any longer."
It will be observed that in this article the
question is again and again asked,.what is the
object of making Goat Island the terminus?
The papers in California state that the effect
at least will be to make San Francisco an
inland town, reducing not merely the value of
the wharfage, but the value of all the property
in the city. This is the reason why the Cham-
ber of Commerce, as well as the people of Sau
Francisco, are opposed to this peculiai scheme.
The article to which I have just called atten-
tion explains what is meant by the telegram
wilich on the 16th of April was sent from San
Francisco by a committee of citizens to Sena-
tor Casserly. He it was who requested me
to have it read in this House. The substance
of that telegram is as follows;
Caleb T. Fay left here on the 14th. instructed to
wait in New York till Cole or yourself invited him
to come to Washington. Lot it be known that the
railroad yesterday conditionally agreed with a com-
mittee ot our citizens to make the terminus in Mis-
sion bay.
A. B. FORBES,
JAMES OTIS.
JOHN C. MERRILL,
F. M. LEWIS,
E. B. PERR1N.
Whether they have made any such arrange-
ment I am not authorized to say, except so
far as this telegram goes ; but from the article
in the Bulletin there is every reason to believe
