1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
teil in the Globe this morning, thus rendering what
followed unintelligible. I wish you would be good
enough to send mo to-day a transcript of the notes
suppressed.
"■tfai+hfn  
"CHARLES SUMNER,
'Faithfully, yours,
On the 28th January you wrote us as follows:
"Mr. Scmner does not see how the close of the
debate on the resolution of adjournment can be
intelligible unless Mr. Hamlin's speech is inserted.
He thinks it ought to appear in the quarto Globe.
"Sunday."
This note was delayed in the post office, and did
not come to hand until after you called attention to
the subject in your place in the Senate, upon which
signification of your wish we restored the suppressed
words, made up the quarto edition whioh had been
detained, and sent you a proof of the page contain-
ing the restored matter, that you might see that the
restoration had been properly made. That (final)
proof was sent witbout your request, and it is the
only one that has been shown you in connection
with this matter.
Any directions which Mr. Hamlin may have sent
us in relation to this subject, we regret to say, failed
to reach us. Our best recollection is that after the
eliminated matter had been restored in the quarto
edition, we learned from the reporter that Mr. Ham-
lin* had no objection to the restoration.
We are. very respectfully,
F. & J. RIVES & GEO. A. BAILEY.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERliED.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That William J. Larimer have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers from the files of
the Senate.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, it was
Ordered, That Mrs. Jane Northridse have leave to
withdraw her petition and papers from the files of
the Senate.
Mr. CALDWELL. Yesterday morning I
filed a petition for the withdrawal of certain
papers from the files of the Senate, which, at
the request of the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Edmunds,] was laid over until to-day for
information. The papers sought to be with-
drawn are papers that were filed in support of
the private claim of certain soldiers for bounty.
It appears that a claim agent had a power of
attorney- from them to obtain Treasury drafts,
and it is alleged that he forged the names of
the claimants. A bill was introduced at the
last session of Congress to refund the amount,
but it was never acted upon, and bills are now
pending in the House of Representatives for
the same purpose, and the'papers sought to
be withdrawn are desired to be used in proof
of the claim before the committee of the
House of Representatives. I now ask that
the order be made.
There being 110 objection, it was
Ordered, That Charles Ashburn, Joseph 7?. King,
Joseph Grant, Samuel Barkan, James Clarke, Jesse
Sutton, Ottawa Sutton, Joseph Mundell, S. W. Hil-
dreth, George Amly, James Connol, and Gideon F.
Hodson have leave to withdraw their petitions and
papers from the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of C. E. Rogers be
taken from the files of the Senate and referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. MORTON, it was
Ordered, That the reply of the Secretary of the
Interior to Senate resolution in relation to Beaver
Lake, and accompanying papers, be taken from the
table, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
NATIONAL BANKS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to report back the bill
(S. No. 187) to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide a national currency secured by
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof."
This bill relates only to the town of Leaven-
worth, and the Senators from Kansas desire
me to ask that it be put on its passage.
Mr. POMEROY. It is only striking out
the word " Leavenworth."
Mr. SHERMAN. It is to strike out _ the
word "Leavenworth" from among the cities
named as centers of redemption, and relieve
the banks "there from that burden. The bill
is reported with an amendment in the nature
of a substitute, and I suppose the original bill
need not be read. •
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 187)
to amend au act entitled " An act to provide
a national currency secured by pledge of Uni-
ted States bonds, and to provide for the circu-
lation and redemption thereof," was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole
The amendment of the Committee on Pi-
nance was to strike out all after the enacting
clause and insert:
That section thirty-one of said act be am ended "by
striking out the word "Leavenworth" where it
occurs in said section.
Mr. CALDWELL. The bill affects only
the town of Leavenworth, in which I live,
and I should like very much to have it dis-
posed of promptly.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
The title was amended by adding the words
"approved June 3, 1864."
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs have directed me to report a bill
(S. No. 615) to reimburse certain soldiers for
loss of clothing by fire at Chicago. It is a
small bill, limited to $130, and I should like
to have it put upon its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there object
tion?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall not object to that
particulav bill, but I wish to ask the Senate to
take up the resolution I offered on Tuesday
last requesting the President of the United
States to furnish certain information.
Mr. COLE. I have morning business to
present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection.
Mr. POMEROY. from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 538) for the relief of
Albert D. Pierce, postmaster at Sumnerville,
Ottawa county, Kansas, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 522) to provide for the sale of the
lands of the United States containing coal,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Patents, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 156) for the relief of Frederick P.
Dimpfel, reported it with amendments.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill (S. No. 616) to re-
lease to the State of Indiana the lands known
as the bed of Beaver Lake, in Newton county,
in said State ; which was read, and passed to
the second reading.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 577) to reestablish the branch mint at
New Orleans, or restore the same to the city
of New Orleans, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the memorial
of William McGarrahan, for the confirmation
of a certain tract of land in California, have
had the same under consideration, and have
directed me to report it back and ask to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
with the recommendation that it be referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims. The
Committee on Public Lands are of opinion
that as this is a question of au individual claim
to a quantity of public lands, and not under
the general law granting public lands to set-
tlers, it properly belongs to the Committee on
Private Land Claims, and we recommend that
the Committee on Public Lands be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. The Committee on Appropri-
ations have had under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 1060) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1873, and for other purposes, and have
directed me to report it back with sundry
amendments. I give notice that on Tuesday
next, after the morning hour, I will move the
Semite to take up this bill and proceed with
its consideration', and at that tinie I shall not
consent to any other business intervening,
unless it be by vote of the Senate.
NAVY REGISTER.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution ;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That fifteen hundred additional copies
of the Naval Register for 1871 be printed for the
use of the Senate.
BILLS INTROD0CED.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 617) approving the act passed by the
Legislative Assembly of Dakota Territory
authorizing the people to vote aid to railroads;
which was read twiee by its title, referred to
the Committee on Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 618) authorizing compensation to the
members of company B, fourteenth infantry,
for private property destroyed by fire on the '
Nashville and Chattanooga railroad; which
was read twiee by its title, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
cousent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 619) to provide payment for depreda-
tions committed by the whites upon Shawnee
Indians in the State of Kansas,; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WINDOM (by request) asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 620) for the sale of the
Black Bob Indian lands in the State of Kansas;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. POOL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
621) to relieve ccrtain persons therein named
from the legal and political disabilities im-
posed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States, and for other
purposes; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities, and ordered
to be printed.
BBD JilVJiK.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following
resolution by unanimous consent; which Was
agreed to:
ftesolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to transmit to the Senate any information in his
Department showing the estimated cost of improv-
ing the navigation of fted river at or near Tone3
Bayou.
TREATY OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to proceed to the
consideration of the resolution I introduced on
Tuesday last.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the resolution as modified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved. That the President be requested, if not
in his opinion incompatible with the publio inter-
est. to communicate to the Senate any information
in his possession respecting the alleged intention ot
the Governmcntof Great Britain to revoke the treaty
lately concluded between that Government and the
United States.
, Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to occupy
! any more of the time of the Senate in remarks
] upon this resolution, but only to say that I
| think the information we now have would
