&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
February 9,
have justified my friend from Illinois [Mr,
TiwjmbtiLl] in agreeing even to the last part
of the resolution as I offered it; but as it now
stands it accomplishes the object I have in
view, to ascertain what the facts are; and I
do not care myself to make any further obser-
vations upon it.
Mr. PATTERSON. I see that the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations
is absent. I concurred with the chairman and
the other members of the Committee on For-
eign Relations in thinking that it would be
better to allow this resolution to lie over for a
time; still I am not very particular about it.
I do not think that any essential harm will be
donfeby its passage. The Secretary of State
having been a member of the high commis-
sion certainly ought to know what his powers
are under the treaty. If he does not know
and the members of the Government generally
do not know what they have a right to present
to the court of arbitration sitting at Geneva,
then all I have to say is they are hardly fit to
conduct the affairs of the Government with
foreign Powers. If they do know, they are
very disingenuous if they have presented claims
which they were not authorized to present
under the treaty. I think no Senator would
care to assume that our Government does not
understand the limitations of the treaty or
what it allows them to present to this court,
and, knowing what they have a right to pre-
sent, I presume we should hardly be willing
to allow that they have presented anything
which they have not a right to present. They
must have been either very incompetent or
very disingenuous in what they have done, if
they have done anything wrong.
Now, sir. assuming that our Government has
acted intelligently in preparing and submitting
its claims to the board of arbitration, I think
we most look upon the language of the leaders
of Parliament, and especially of the prime
minister, as very imprudent if not hostile and
insulting to the Government and the people
of the United States, and I should consider it
very unfortunate if Senators should be pro-
voked by this violent language in the English
Parliament and the English press to say any-
thing here which would seem to be in the char-
acter and spirit of the utterances which have
reached us from England since the opening of
Parliament.
Indeed, sir, I think thus far there is a very
striking contrast between the language of the
English press and the English Parliament and
that of the American press and American Con-
gress on this question. I have been exceed-
ingly gratified with the wise and temperate
tone of our press in regard to this matter. I
hope that that wise and temperate utterance
will be maintained to the end ; and not only
that, but that our Government, in a dignified,
manly, and proper way, will maintain its posi-
tion in respect to this treaty of Washington.
I do not wish to be understood as saying any
thing in respect to the policy of submitting a
claim for consequential damages or of our
ability to maintain them before the board at
Geneva. I speak simply of our right to pre-
sent them under the treaty.
The language used in Parliament by the
Opposition shows that there is an effort on
the part of the Opposition to oust from power
the Gladstone ministry. The Opposition as-
sume that the American Government have a
right to present the claim in the way in which
they have done it. but that the English commis-
sioners were overreached in the treaty. That
shows, it seems to me, on the part of Disraeli
and those who act with him, a purpose to push
from power the present ministry. But Glad-
stone seeks to evade the force of this excited
and violent eurrent of the public mind in Eng-
land by falling in with it, and by expressing in
stronger terras than the Opposition itself his
condemnation of our course. He pronounces
the claim for indirect damages by the Ameri-
can Government "preposterous" and "ab-
surd." I submit, sir, that such language from
the lips of the prime minister is unworthy, and,
I am forced to say, insulting. Because he
wishes to frustrate the efforts of his enemies,
he has no right So to characterize the action
of our Government. But, sir, I hope that we
shall not enter into a debate here which will in
any wise seem to justify this violent language
on the part of the English press, or of public
men in Parliament or out of Parliament in the
mother country.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not in tend to debate
this matter, for the reason that in my opinion
any debate upon a question of this kind is
impolitic and wrong. Perhaps, if I were to
say anything, I might be led to do what my
honorable friend from New Hampshire bas
just done—commit an indiscretion. I think
it would be better for him not to discuss
the motives of the prime minister of Great
Britain, and better for us all not to discuss
this question at present. It seems to me
that this treaty is a high treaty between two
great nations, and neither of these nations
is likely after full consideration to violate its
public faith. I am willing to let the matter
stand. My own judgment is that this resolu-
tion had better be referred to the Committee
ou Foreign Relations. Whenever they find it
necessary to communicate with the President
or the executive authority they can get this
information, and whenever any information of
this kind is proper to be communicated, I
think it will be communicated on a subject of
this importance without any direct request
to the President. I therefore move that this
resolution be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish to say to my
friend from Ohio that he must have entirely
mistaken the drift of my remarks if he assumes
that I committed any indiscretion in question-
ing the motives of the prime minister of Eng-
land. I simply quoted his language; and I
say that the language is insulting in its char-
acter; but I hope nothing will be uttered
in the Senate like the language of the prime
minister.
Mr. SHERMAN. That language comes to
ns by a cable telegram. It is probably a guess
at a single paragraph of a long speech made in
reply to a political attack. It seems to me
we ought not to debate a question so important
as this upon such information as that, and I
hope we shall not do so.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to suggest to the
Senator from Vermont the propriety of modi-
fying his resolution in one particular. It reads
thus:
That the President be requested, if not in his
opinion incompatible with the public interest, to
communicate to the Senate any information in his
possession respecting the alleged intention of the
Government of Great Britain to revoke the treaty
lately concluded between that Government and the
United States.
"The alleged intention to revoke the treaty.''
By whom alleged? The queen in her speech
intimates no purpose of that kind, but inti-
mates a remonstrance or a complaint in regard
to the character of the case submitted by our
Government. Mr. Gladstone, the premier, in
his speech intimates no purpose to revoke the
trea'y, but complains in regard to the charac-
ter of the claim that has been made. I sug-
gest to the Senator to modify his resolution so
as to read in this way :
, That the President bo requested, &c., to commun-
icate to the Senate any information in his posses-
sion respecting the complaint made by the English
Government against the case submitted by the Gov-
ernment of the United States to the arbitrators at
Geneva, appointed under the late treaty with Eng-
land.
I hardly think it comports with the dignity
of the Senate and with the gravity of the sub-
ject for us to assume upon newspaper state-
ments that the English Government intend to
revoke that treaty, when there is nothing to
sustain that assumption in the reported speech
of the queen or that of the premier. All that
those speeches indicate is a complaint against
the character of the case presented by this
Government. They have said nothing about
revoking the treaty, and it would hardly be
proper, I think, for ns to pass a resolution
speaking of an alleged purpose to revoke the
treaty, simply upon newspaper statements,
when there is nothing in the action of the
English Government, the language of the
queen or of the premier, that seems to look
to revocation.
• Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall with the greatest
possible pleasure accept any modification of
that kind that will make the resolution more
agreeable to my honorable friend, although he
will permit me to say to him that I think he
has rather strained a point in stating that this
resolution assumes that there is such an inten-
tion. It assumes that it is alleged that there
is such an intention, but it does not assume
the existence of the fact. Everybody knows
that it is notorious in the newspapers of all the
civilized world at this day that that is alleged
to be the intention of her Majesty's Govern-
ment provided we will not recede and make
up our case as they think we ought to make
it; and in the speech of the English premier
reported and telegraphed here, there is some-
thing I think my friend will find, and I regret
very much to see it, which points directly to
this thing. It is the last, clause:
" He could, if he desired, refer to the preposterous
character of the American demands, which of itself
proved their absurdity, for they were such as no peo-
ple in the last extremity of war, or in the lowest
depths of national misfortune, with the spirit of
England in their hearts, woutd ever submit to."
Taking it to be true that the English lan-
guage means on the other side of the Atlantic
what it means here, and taking this allegation
of what this gentleman has said to be so, then
it means plainly that unless we will revoke our
ease in certain particulars and withdraw it
they will not submit to go on with th.e treaty,
which is a revocation of the treaty. But I do
not comment on that, because what I am after
is the business of this nation, that the Senate
and the public, if the President has information
of this character which he thinks can be con-
fided to the Senate in its public character, may
know what it is. The way to preserve peace
between nations is to have candor and frank-
ness. The way to make war is to have con-
cealment and intrigue.
Now, I offer merely an ordinary resolution,
such as was never in this body referred to a
committee, calling upon the President of the
United States in his discretion to communicate
to us certain information, if he has it. Let
me say to my friend from Ohio that I confess
1 should feel an immeasurable humiliation to
have us, in treating this business question with
Great Britain, descend to a contrivance to get
rid of a resolution of this character, by refer-
ring it to a committee, which we have never
done in respect to any other nation or any other
public or private act whatever. We pass res-
olutions of this character in respect to other
foreign affairs, but we are so afraid of doing
something to disturb the feelings or injure the
rights of Great Britain that we cannot pass an
ordinary resolution of inquiry -without sending
it to a committee. I hope my friend from Ohio
will not insist upon that motion. But if the
President, after getting this resolution, thinks
it unfit to communicate to us anything about
it, then of course it will take the same tate that
all similar resolutions do under the same cir-
cumstances. I accept the modification of my
friend from Indiana with pleasure.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The resolution will be
so modified.
Mr. SHERMAN. No One has insisted more
pertinaciously than my friend from Vermonton
the reference of resolutions of inquiry and call-
ing for information. Indeed, the habit of the
Senate to pass these resolutions on the harry
of the moment, without reflection, has got to
be ail abuse that ought to be corrected, not
