2700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
the .question whether the building of a bridge
resting upon piers from Oakland to Goat
Island will at all injure the harbor of San
Francisco. These engineers, in answer to the
inquiries of the opponents of this bill, stated
explicitly that a bridge built as proposed in
this bill would have no appreciable effect on
the harbor at all.
I hold in my hand a paper taken from the
San Francisco Bulletin, and published by the
opponents of this bill, which states directly
and distinctly that it will have no appreciable
influence at all on the harbor to build this
bridge on piers, as is proposed in this bill.
That is my answer to one of the objections.
Now I claim, and the people of San Fran-
cisco will yet uphold me in the claim, that by
a bridge to Goat Island alone can that city
ever become the terminus of the system of
roads centering upon the Bay of San Francisco.
It was with this view that it has been urged
for some years that a bridge should be built
to Goat Island. And I may say without fear
of contradiction that many men in San Fran-
cisco who to-day are fighting this bill, for
reasons which I will presently state, are the
very men who up to a few weeks past were in
favor of that project.
I say that by no other means, or on no other
plan, and in no other way"can San Francisco
be made the terminus of the various railroads
crossing the continent. The engineers saythat
there is no possible way whereby a bridge can
be built across the bay to Hunter's Point ex-
cept at an expense of $15,000,000. Now,
gentlemen must remember that although San
Francisco is a large city, it has not business
enough to pay interest on so large a sum of
money for so short a span of road. The situ-
ation of San Francisco being upon a peninsula,
the only hope that we can ever reach it by a
short route, or the only one practicable, is by
way of Goat island, which seems almost to have
been created forthe express purpose of making
San Francisco the terminus of the continental
r.ulroads«
In this bill it is provided that the company
shall receive and convey the passengers, goods,
and freight hauled or to be hauled over their
road into the business portion of the city of San
Francisco free of expense.
The bill also provides that the company
shall not use the land for any other than rail-
road purposes exclusively, and yet a cry is
raised that warehouses, and in fact another
city is to be built upon the island. That is
mere bosh. Any man who knows anything
practically of the building up of towns must
be aware that it would be easier to build a
city twenty miles from San Francisco than to
build one under the shadow of that place,
llay, in the very city itself, for Goat Island is,
[ am informed, within the corporate limits of
that city; and this bill gives the power to the
city of San Francisco to tax the property of
the company as it does other property in its
city limits.
Then the bill provides further that there
shall be no wharf charges; the company can-
not receive one dollar or one cent for wharf-
age, and this brings me to one of the causes
of the opposition to this bill. It comes from
the men who own the wharves in San Fran-
cisco, and who have been in the habit of levy-
ing a heavy tax upon every pound of produce
raised in my district and in other parts of the
State. These men, who want to lay a burden
on every sack of wheat raised by my constitu-
ents, are the men who have raised this outcry,
calling this a railroad subsidy, and they have
succeeded by this cry in getting tlie people of
San Francisco so excited upon this question
that they have lost sight of the vast benefits
which this bill will confer upon the city as well
as upon the State, and are listening to the sel-
fish cries of those who wish still in their greedy
exactions upon commerce to sit like an incu-
bus upon the growing prosperity of that young
and flourishing city.
It would, Mr. Speaker, be very easy and
very pleasant to me to join this now popular,
but, as I earnestly believe, baneful movement.
But I have faith in the people of my State. A
little reflection will show them the utter selfish-
ness of the opposition to this bill. I could
not go back there and hold my face to the sun
if I could be led by a hope of popular favor to
be so base as to cast my vote against what I
know will so greatly benefit San Francisco
and the State of California.
Another portion of the opposition to this
bill comes not from the masses I have named,
and not from the respectable portion of the
San Francisco press; for though the Bulle-
tin, Chronicle, and some other respectable
papers are fighting the bill, they are using the
weapons of reason and not of blackguardism
to defeat it.
But the opposition I speak of now comes
from a paper which has been alluded to in
this debate as a great commercial paper; and
as near as I can find out from inquiry from
those best acquainted with its course, the Alta
is, in truth, a great commercial paper, one
that can be bought cheaper to do dirtier ac-
tions than any other paper in the United
States. It was through the influence and at
the suggestion of this paper that a gang of
roughs were procured, not from among the
decent people of my State, but from among
the Alta's friends, who probably had a month's
leave of absence from the penitentiary, to put
forward the unanswerable argument against
this bill of burning in effigy its friends. The
Alta will no doubt say I now speak of the citi-
zens of San Francisco. I do not. I speak of
the citizens of San Quinton, who assisted the
Alta in that demonstration ; and i will now
dismiss them by saying that the same crowd
that did that burning can probably be hired
for thirteen dollars to burn the image of the
Saviour of the world for having preached the
Sermon on the Mount, and that for fourteen
dollars the Alta can be hired to uphold them
in the act and to sanctify the deed.
That is one class of the opposition to this
bill which I do not intend to try to answer at
all, but any opposition endeavoring to defeat
the bill by argument I am willing to listen to
and to do all I can to make the bill concur
with their sentiments, where those ideas are
just and practicable. I believe it does now
answer every request and every objection asked
for or urged when the measure was last before
the House. I do not believe the people of
California know what this bill is ; they h^ve an
idea that this bill will allow this company to
build a city on the island; I do not believe
that they have any idea that the company have
to pay for the use of the island ; I do not believe
they have any idea that the railroad company
will be compelled to take their passengers and
freight into the business portion of San Fran-
cisco, or that no wharf charges can be made by
the company.
But again. It is the opinion of engineers—
not of the railroad, but those depended upon
by the opponents of this bill—that it will be
a much cheaper and more practicable way of
making San Francisco the terminus of the
railroad system to establish ferries from the
east side of the bay than to attempt to build
bridges. They say to the citizens of San
Francisco, in answer to a question propounded
by the mayor and others, that—
" We believe it will be preferable to use properly
constructed ferry-boats for the present. Looking at
the question of economy of transit only, we think
that the railroad interests and the commerce "of San
Francisco will have to bo greatly increased before
the construction of a bridge across the bay will be
justified. For instance, if the cost of the bridge is
$15,000,000, the interest on the cost at seven per
cent, per annum will be $1,050,000, to which must be
added the cost of keeping the bridge in order, paint-
ing, attending the draw or draws, &c., say $25,000,
making the total annual cost of bridge and its
maintenance 81,075,000.
" Now the cost ofkeeping up and running a first-
class ferry-boat between this city and Oakland,
capable of transporting twenty freight cars at a
time, would not exceed $100,000, or at most $150,000 a
year, so that the city or the railroad, as the case
may be, looking at the question of expenditure
only, had better keep a free ferry between this city
and Oakland, consisting, if necessary, of seven
ferry-boats, at an annual cost of $150,000 each,
rather than to build and maintain a bridge at an
annual cost of $1,075,000."
This being the case, the whole question is
this: shall San Francisco have a ferry which
will consume ten minutes of time from shore
to shore, or one whose trip shall be made in
four minutes ? Shall it be a ferry from Oak-
land or a ferry half way to Oakland, that is,
from Goat Island? That, if we do as the en-
gineers do—lay aside the bridge question as
not feasible—is the whole question at issue.
Most certainly the ferry from Goat Island is
the best for San Francisco.
I have before stated that this bill is not a
grant. Gentlemen may get up here and cry,
'"Oh, you are helping a gigantic corporation!"
Well, sir, if in helping a corporation you help
the commerce of California and of the United
States, if you help thereby to make San Fran-
cisco a great commercial city, it seems to me
that you should lose sight of the fact that
you may be helping a corporation. That cry
should not have with any gentleman the weight
of a feather in regard to the passage of this
bill. I believe that by passing this bill we
will be making a great commercial city of
San Francisco and be inviting the commerce
of China and the Indies to that port: and if
something be not done to save the double
transhipment of through freight and to get
rid of these wharf charges and to protect San
Frauciseo from the class of men who have for
years been taking advantage of her necessi-
ties, then I believe that some other port upon
the Pacific or some other nation will gain the
control of the commerce of the Bast, and Cali-
fornia will lose all the benefits of the vast com-
merce which, with proper and liberal action,
must certainly in the future, as in the past,
reach the American continent through her
portals.
This is a great and important question, one
which I ask gentlemen to look at in some
other light than that of a mere railroad sub-
sidy, which it certainly is not. I have never
voted in this House or raised my voice in
favor of any land grant of any kind, and I do
not intend to do so. If this were a grant of
that character, and this company was not com-
pelled to pay the whole value of this property,
or to pay for this right of way, for that is what
it amounts to and nothing more, I should be
compelled to vote against this bill.
It is simply a proposition to enable this rail-
road to have a proper terminus in the West;
and not only this road, but all roads that may
go to that city. No man who knows anything
about the business of this road but knows that
it must have a terminus near the business por-
tion of the city of San Francisco, and yet not
in that part of the city. The vast number of
trains which must be made up, the backing
and^ constant motion of dozens of donkey
engines at all hours of the day and night, in-
cident to the placing properly of the cars in
their respective trains, should teach any man
that the heart of a great city is no place for
the working depot of a great railroad; and
this island, being only four minutes out of the
heart of San Francisco, is certainly the best
place for that purpose.
I know that my time is exhausted, Mr.
Speaker, but I ask one moment more in which
hastily to refer to another class of opponents
to this bill. We have been charged with be-
ing in favor of it because it is a railroad grant.
Let me tell you that I believe the great oppo-
sition to this bill, amongthose who have raised
this cry against it, is because of the fact that
to-day the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany is begging a subsidy to build another rail-
road. If they can excite the apprehensions
of the people of San Francisco that this road
is working against their interests, then they
hope to get a subsidy from the people of Cali-
