3596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
as I see the Senate will not permit me to get a
vote upon it. If it is the wish of the Senate,
as it seems to be from the speeches that are
made, I will withdraw the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no
motion pending for a recess, and the Army
appropriation bill is before the Senate.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. SHERMAN- I wish to call the atten
tion of the Senate to a matter in the nature
of a question of privilege. The Senate passed
a resolution some time ago proposing an ad-
journment on the 29th of May. .The House
of Representatives has passed a resolution
proposing to adjourn on the 3d of June, and
that has been referred to the Committee on
Finance. It seems to me under the circum-
stances the Senate had better recall the reso-
lution sent, to the House for an adjournment
on the 2'Jih of May, and I submit a motion
that a message be sent to the House request-
ing a return of that resolution of adjournment,
wit,h a view to having it referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance. The Secretary can put it
in the usual form.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio asks consent to enter a motion ask-
ing the House of Representatives to return to
the Senate the resolution sent there for an
adjournment on the 29th of May.
Mr. CASSERLY. On what ground?
Mr. SHERMAN. On the ground that the
resolution is inconsistent with t.he resolution
sent here by the House. As a matter of course
we ought to have the control of the question
of adjournment. The House resolution is
here. They did not see proper to take up
our resolution and amend it, and therefore it
is proper that it should be brought here.
Mr. CASSERLY. This, to mo, isa novelty.
I do not. say it is not authorized.
Mr. SHERMAN. Either House may recall
a resolution at any time before it is acted
upon by the other.
Mr, CASSERLY. Yes, sir; but I suppose
it is just the same as a bill. If the Senate had
sent a bill to the House, and the House instead
of acting on that bill had sent, us another bill,
would that authorize the Senate to recall its
bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. I take it that we can
recall a hill at any time, or recall any message
or resolution that we have sent to the House
at any time. I make the motion at the sug
gestion of' the Senator from Indiana, and also
to put the question of adjournment in the
possession of the Senate, so that we can act
upon it and arrange our business accordingly.
I hope wo shall he able to adjourn oil the 3d
of June, and so far as I am concerned I shall
try to see to it that our business is conducted
with (hat view.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio, lest this point
be regarded as conceded from the Chair, that
within the rules of the Senate, under the
right to move a reconsideration within two
days, the Chair thinks the comity of the two
Houses would require the House of Represent-
atives to return a bill or resolution on which
a motion to reconsider was entered. Attcr
that time the Chair thinks it would be a
matter for the House to determine whether it
saw fit to return the resolution or bill, or not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermout. It has al-
ways been considered a mere act of courtesy,
and whenever such a request has been made
by one House I believe it has universally been
complied with by the other. It is merely to
have the whole question under the control of
the committee.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to have the
resolution sent here by the House read. My
impression is from the reading of it this
morning that it is a substitute, or in that na-
ture, for the Senate resolution, and in that
case it would not be in order to recall the
Senate resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that that resolution is now in the Secre-
tary's office. It is not a substitute; it is an
independent resolution sent to the Senate by
the House without regard to the Senate reso-
lution. The Senate resolution was referred in
that body, the Chair has understood, to the
Committee of Ways and^ Means. This was
an independent proposition. Each branch
now has a proposition for adjournment on a
different day.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to ask 
The VICE PRESIDENT. This debate is
progressing by unanimous consent, the Army
appropriation bill being before the Senate.
" Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to inquire
if there is any precedent for a motion of this
kind after the lapse of threeor four weeks has
intervened between the sending of the reso-
lution to the House and the making ofa motion
of this sort? '
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it is not only
three or four weeks, but three or four months
since this resolution was sent to the House.
One of the first things passed at this session
was a resolution to adjourn Congress on the
29th of May. I think it would be di&respeet-
ful t(j ihe House to pass this resolution, par-
ticularly for the reason given by the Senator
from Ohio. We passed a resolution proposing
an adjournment on the 29th_of May. It went
to the House. The House has now passed a
resolution proposing an adjournment on the
3d of June; and what does the Senator from
Ohio propose? He proposes now to hold
their resolution to adjourn on the 3d of June,
and send and get ours back, so that we can
have the matter in our own hands over the
House.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not, at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why should we take
this away from the House ? They have as
good a right to determine the time of adjourn-
ment, as we have.
Mr. SHERMAN. They have determined it,
and sent us a resolution to adjourn on the 3d
of June, and 1 say I hope we shall adjourn on
the 3d of June. I simply say these two reso-
lutions are entirely inconsistent. We must
manage our business with a view to some fixed
day of adjournment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator wants
to take up the House resolution and concur
in the adjournment on the 3d of June he may
do so.
Mr. SHERMAN. The very moment I see
that the bill to reduce taxes is beyond dan-
ger I shall be decidedly in favor of fixing the
day of adjournment; and I believe it can all
be accomplished by the 3d of June.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think we can com-
plete our business by the 3d of June, and lam
willing to vote now with the Senator from
Ohio to fix the day of adjournment on the 3d
of June. But I do not think it is proper, after
having months ago sent a resolution to the
House to adjourn on the 29th of May, and
after that resolution as we all know has been
referred to a committee in that body—it is
not in the House now ; it is in the hands of
one of its committees—to send a request to
bring that resolution back; and for what
reason ? Why does the Senator want to bring
it back? He wants to bring it back so as to
put it out of the power of the House to agree
to if.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then for what purpose
does he want it back ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The House of Repre-
sentatives has sent us a resolution to adjourn
on the 3d of June, showing that they them-
selves agree that we cannot adjourn at the
time fixed in the Senate resolution, and I
therefore think that resolution ought to be
rccf&llsd.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why so? For what
object? What harm does it do?
Mr. SHERMAN. Simply because they
declined to act on that resolution for two or
throe months, and having passed another reso-
lution, I think we ought to recall it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, thatwill
not do. Is that the way legislation proceeds?
When we pass a bill and it goes to the other
House, and they pass a bill on the same sub-
ject of a different character, do we recall our
bill? There must be some object in recalling
this resolution. It will do no harm to be
where it is.
Mr. WEST. I ask the Chair if this dis-
cussion is proceeding by unanimous con-
sent?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is. The Sena-
tor from Illinois is now on the floor.
Mr. WEST. I call for the regular order.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to make a
single remark.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Louisiana demands the regular order, which
is the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. WEST. I yield to the Senator from
Indiana, who wishes to make a remark.
Mr. MORTON. Each House is presumed
to understand the condition of its business
better than the other can do or does. When
this resolution for adjournment on the 29th of
May passed the Senate and was sent to the
House it was understood that it would give us
ample time to- get through with our business,
and if the House had passed it within a rea-
sonable time there is no doubt both Houses
could have worked up to it, and that we would
be entirely ready to adjourn on the 29th of
May. But the House has delayed any action
until now. We have wasted much time in the
Senate that would not have been wasted if the
time for adjournment had been fixed. We
see now very clearly the consequences of
putting off fixing the time for adjournment.
But I do not think we shall be ready to adjourn
on the 29th. The House may not understand
that. Therefore, I think we ought to recall
this resolution for the time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Louisiana demauds the regular order.
Mr. WEST. I am willing that a vote shall
be taken if it can be taken without further
debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have something fur-
ther to say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois desires to discuss the question
further.
Mr. WEST. Then I demand the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Army ap-
propriation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN subsequently said: I offer
the following resolution, which I shall call up
to-morrow:
Resolved, That the House of Bepresentatives he
requested to return to the Senate the resolution of
the Senate of the 26th of January in relation to the
adjournment of Congress.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
1541) making appropriations for the support
of the Army tor the year ending June 30, 1873,
and for other purposes.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on Appropriations with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was
on page 2, in lines thirty-two and thirty-three,
to reduce the appropriation for subsistence of
regular troops, engineers, and Indian scouts,
from $2,894,120 06 to $2,770,944.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 3, line
fifty, to reduce the appropriation for regular
supplies of the quartermaster's department
from $4,350,000 to $4,000,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was on page 4, line
eighty-three, to reduce the appropriation for
