1804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
The buildings tliey are going to erect in
Chicago are not to be erected out of pine lum-
ber. If they put up buildings fit for the name
of the city, in view of the experience they
have had, they will erect buildings that will
not waste away before a breath ot' fire; and
pine lumber is the least that goes into this
item. I represent, or try to represent on this
floor, half a million people who have either
got their houses built or have to build them
on the naked prairie, and if lumber can be
made any cheaper they will be glad of it.
We have paid the tariff on lumber long enough.
We buy in Chicago, or, if we do not, we buy
where the market is regulated by Chicago.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to interrupt him ? I know how faithfully
he always represents the people of Kansas;
and if they are paying too high a sum for lum-
ber, as he says they are, on the authority of
(hose Senators who advocate this bill it isper-
fectly constitutional before it passes to amend
it by applying this bill to the whole State of
Kansas, and I will vote with the Senator. I
hope he will not desert his constituents on the
subject of lumber.
Mr. POMEROY. I am not going to desert
my constituents; but I think this thing is mag-
nified. It should be belittled because it is a
Utile thing. The lumber wanted by the burnt
district of Chicago is a little tiling; it is a
trifle; it will notaffect the market two shillings
on a thousand, and if it would affect it I would
be glad of it. To either favor a drawback or
delay the passage of this bill on account of
lumber is of no importance. The Senator
from Pennsylvania did make some remarks
that attracted my attention and made me hesi-
tate, somewhat, because he went to other con-
siderations; butto spend time in trying to show
to the Senate that, lumber should not bo re-
duced in its price because a few men in the
burnt district of Chicago want to buy some,
is magnifying a little thing to too great import-
ance.
The lumber to be bought for the burnt dis-
trict in Chicago is too small a consideration, I
think, to be even counted in the estimate of
the price of lumber. The State of Illinois
buys lumber, the State of Iowa buys lumber,
Kansas and all the West, buy lumber, and this
burnt district in Chicago will not buy a wagon-
load where wo buy trains of it, millions on
millions of feet 
Mr. HOWE. Will my friend allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. POMEROY. I did not intend to oc-
cupy as much lime as I have. I want to vote.
I will yield, of course.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senator if he thinks
this lumber question is a very small thing to
the burnt district of Chicago, and if it is a
small thing to the people who manufacture the
lumber, is it not a small thing to those who
are going to buy ? Is it not just, as much of an
injury to the people who furnish the lumber
from northern Wisconsin as it is to the people
of Chicago who buy it?
Mr. POMEROY. The people of Chicago
who buy it are not to be injured, but to be
benefited, as I understand.
Mr. HOWE. And to the extent that they
are benefited those who furnish it are injured.
Mr. POMEROY. The benefit is so slight
that I say it is not worth while consuming the
time of the Senate about it. It will not affect
the price of lumber two shillings. Good
judges 011 this subject have told me they did
not believe it would affect it ten cents. And
yet we have had newspaper articles and letters
read while I have been waiting and waiting
to pass thi9 bill because of its effect on the
price of lumber Why, sir, the great markets
of the Northwest will not be affected by what
lumber goes upon this burnt district; that im-
mense region of country is destitute of lumber
and goes to Chicago to buy it; or if it does not
buy it there it buys it at St. Louis and on the
Mississippi river where the price is regulated
by Chicago. If you will lessen the price in
Chicago two bits a thousand, men will go
there instead of to St. Louis; and the markets
of the two cities are always in relation to eadh
other. Lumber has as regular a market price
in the great Northwest as have stocks in New
York. If it raises three cents in one market
it is felt in the other at once.- What is con-
tained in this drawback for the Chicago burnt
district is not a drop in the bucket; it is not
worth talking about.
_ The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment repoi ted by the Com-
mittee on Finance as a substitute for the House
bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to ask aquestion
of the Chair. Suppose the amendment is
adopted, will it then be in order to move to
strike out the second section if that be the
section in reference to drawbacks?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will not
be in order now in committee. It will be in
order in the Senate when the bill shall have
been reported.
Mr. POMEROY. This is an amendment
agreed to in Committee of the Whole. I
should like to know how you can strike it out
in the Senate?
Mr. SHERMAN. The question will be on
concurring.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Chair be kind
enough to state in what attitude that will leave
the question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
in Committee of the Whole will have adopted
the amendment, and when the bill comes into
the Senate the Senate can concur in theainend-
ment with an amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Then the error of the
Senator from Kansas is that we are not con-
curring in the amendment of the Committee
of the Whole, but in the amendment of the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. On this
question, as I stated before, I am paired with
the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Mokrill.] He
would have voted for the bill and 1 against it-
Mr. SAWYER. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Saulsbury.] If he were here he would vote
against the amendment and I should vote for it.
The yeas and nays were taken.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If some of the gentle-
men who have paired would vote it would not
change the result and would give us a quorum.
The roll was again called ; and the result
announced—yeas 24, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Blair, Boreman, Cald-
well, Cooper, Fenton, Hamilton of Texas, Hitch-
cock, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Osborn, Pomoroy, Pratt, Kiec. Sawyer. Schurz,
Sherman, Trumbull, Viokers, West, \Vmdom, and
Wright—2-i.
NAYS—iWessrs. Buckingham. Carpenter, Chand-
ler, Conklmg, Cragm, Ihivis of West Virginia, Ferry
of Michigan. Freiinghuysen, Goldthwaite, Howe,
Johnston, Norwood, Scott, and Stevenson—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn. Ames, Bavard, Brown-
low^ Camoron, Ca^serly, Clayton, Cole, Corbett,
Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecti-
cut, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland.
Hamlin. Harlan. Hill, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey, Robeit-
son, Saulsbury, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Stock-
ton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, and Wilson—35.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to offer an
amendment now adding Peshtigo in Wiscon-
sin, and Manistee in Michigan.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Ishouldlike
to make a suggestion to the Senate that we
shall, by unanimous consent, agree to take the
question upon this bill, amendments and all,
to morrow at one o'clock without further
debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Vermont proposes that the Senate
shall vote to-morrow at one o'clock upon the
amendments and upon the bill without further
debate. Is such the general consent of the
Senate?
Mr. CARPENTER. Will not the Senator
consent to make it two o'clock rather than
one?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think it
had better be one.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] and myself both
desire to make short speeches on this subject
and paired off to-night. If the Senator will
permit us to speak very briefly to-morrow, to
dividethetime from one to twoo'clock between
us, and let the Senate vote at two o'clock, that
will be satisfactory.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope not.
Mr. CARPENTER. It is only one hour.
["Agreed!" "Agreed!"]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance 
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is to be debate
for only one hour, I shall not object, although
there has been two days' debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont modifies his proposition so that
at two o'clock to morrow the Senate commence
to vote upon the amendments and upon the
pending bill without further debate.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not wish to object to that,
but I wish to give notice of an amendment
that I desire to offer at that time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will
be within the spirit of the understanding.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. It is not neces-
sary for any Senator to give notice of an
amendment, I suppose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
Any amendment will be in order to-morrow ;
but itwill be entertained and disposed of with-
out debate after two o'clock.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That being
the understanding stated from the Chair, I
move that the Senate adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pending the
motion, the Chair will ascertain whether the
proposition is properly understood. It is that
at two o'clock to-morrow, by unanimous con-
sent, the Senate will proceed to vote upon the
pending amendments to the bill, and any other
amendments that may be proposed, without
further debate.
Mr. CARPENTER. And the time between
one and two o'clock shall be divided between
the Senator from Illinois and myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such the
Chair understands to be the agreement. The
Senator from Vermont moves that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at five
o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.) the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 19, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read .and
approved.
rtjth a. maxiner.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce for consideration at this
time a bill for the relief of a very necessi-
tous widow.
No objection was made ; and the bill (H. R.
No. 2025J for the relief of Ruth A. Maxiner
was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to pay to Mrs. Ruth A., MaxincVj widow of
Julius A. Maxiner, late a private in company
I, eleventh New York cavalry volunteers, the
sum of eight dollars a month from the death
of her husband,^ April 11, 18G5. to the 20th
day of June, 1871, the date of the commence-
ment of the pension heretofore allowed to
her; and also to pay to the minor childi en of
said Ruth A. Maxiner, for the period afore-
said, the sum to which they would have been
