1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2701
fornia. And I know that the Atlantis and
Pacific Railroad Company, through its agents
at San Francisco, is working with all its inter-
est and all its power to raise this cry against
the Central Pacific Railroad Company in order
that they may succeed in getting a subsidy from
my State to the amount of several million dol-
lars. The paid agents of that road are the loud-
est-mouthed of all the opponents to this bill.
But they are spending their time, labor, and
money for nothing, for the people of that city
will not be long in finding out that the keen
agents of that company are trying to turn
the anti-subsidy cry against our company
into a subsidy cry for a paper railroad to fill
the coffers of the Altaand disinterested parties
of that ilk.
Mr. Speaker, all my interests in life are
centered in the State of California. I have
lived there from early boyhood, and as a
Californian I am proud of the prosperity arid
grandeur of San Francisco. No power on
earth could make me do one thing to injure
her, and, on the other hand, I am willing to
stem what seems to be the popular current 011
this question, because I know it to be to her
interest. I know that before many years she
will be to the western slope of this continent
what New York is to the eastern. She is no
longer isolated from the rest of the country,
and her energetic and enterprising people will
soon see that by a liberal policy toward com-
merce she can alone hope for the greatness to
which her geographical position entitles her.
As New York is the queen of the Atlantic, so
San Francisco in the near future, guided by this
policy, will sit upon her many hills the unques-
tioned guardian of the Golden Gate, through
which must come, and pay her tribute as it
passes, the wealth of Asia and the Indies.
Mr. WHEELER. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] for
ten minutes.
Mr. BANKS. The same objections lie
against the substitute now proposed that were
urged with so much effect and sustained by
the majority of the House against the original
bill, when it was before under consideration. It
is not a senseless cry, as the gentleman from
California [Mr. Coghlan] has said to us. It
is a patriotic protest against the surrender of
the property of the United States which is
indispensable to the defense of the Govern-
ment, and the authority to place obstructions to
the flow of tidal waters in the harbor of San
Francisco, .which must be detrimental if not
destructive to the harbor of San Francisco.
Those are the objections against this bill.
The evasive propositions now presented by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wheeler]
Confess their weight and substance, and evade
instead of remedying the evils we denounce.
It is not confession and avoidance, but a con-
fession and evasion. We challenge the atten-
tion of gentlemen to the insufficiency of the
amendments. They aggravate rather than
relieve the original defects of this measure.
We are called upon here, without any consid-
erable debate, to postpone all the legitimate
and necessary business of the Government for
the purpose of granting to a corporation that
does not need it land that is essential and
important to thepublic defense, and to authorize
the construction of works in the harbor of San
Francisco which will be injurious to the com-
merce of this country. What is the substi-
tute which the gentleman has proposed, and
which does not meet the objections sustained
by the House against the original bill ? It is
an unmanly evasion of those weighty and sub-
stantial objections.
The first proposition is as to the surrender
of this property to this corporation, it is
provided in the substitute that three commis-
sioners shall be appointed, who shall have
power, or any two of them, at their own option,
to cede this land to this corporation at just
what they may choose to say it is worth. They
are to be appointed within one month; to
decide within three months. They are respons-
ible to nobody, to be confined by nobody, their
proceedings to be revised by nobody, and
their judgment upon this weighty national mat-
ter to be final and conclusive against the Gov-
ernment forever hereafter. What is the neces-
sity for this unseemly baste and this latitudin-
arian surrender of power? It is to cover our
act and evade the responsibility which ought
to attach to the action of Congress. We shield
ourselves from the natural consequences of
this cession by the appointment of these com-
missioners. They are not instructed to con-
sider the value of the land but to estimate its
use, offsetting the injuries by the benefits
which may accrue to the Government by this
grant. And they are to be paid by the parties
who are to be benefited by the grant!
Sir, the House of Representatives ought
never to agree to that. If there is anything
to be paid for this island, we should fix the
amount ourselves ; or if we are to allow other
men to pass judgment on this property, they
should be men known to the Government and
responsible to it; men whose reputation and
character would be in some measure a security
for the justness of their judgment. They should
be confirmed by the Senate. Who are these
three commissioners, two of whom will decide
this question ? Most likely the very men who
have been named in tbis connection as hav-
ing already given a judgment that it is of no
account whether the Government retains this
island or not. 1 assume nothing in saying that
such ail abnegation of duty and responsibility
on the part of this House is unbecoming if
not indecent. We have no just right to shield
ourselves by fixing upon the President the
responsibilities growing out of this measure.
We are told again, sir, that in case of war or
the anticipation of war the Government may
take possession of the whole of this island.
Why, sir, the gentleman from New York does
not do sufficent justice to the intelligence of
the House when hesubmits sucha proposition.
With the memory of the late war fresh in our
minds, we know that the Government can take
any property in time of war, or in anticipation
of war. it may occupy every church or private
dwelling, or any other species of property.
And why should we be called upon to vote
deliberately by yeas and nays that in time of
war the United States may take possession of
its own property? The recognition of this
power in this bill is a mere evasion of our
duty, and an unworthy pretext for an act that
cannot upon any just grounds be defended.
But we have urged upon us the authorized
statement of the engineers that it this road be
laid upon piers placed in a certain manner ar
certain distances there will not be any "appre-
ciable" injury to the harbor. Sir, every man
knows that the ocean currents are subtile and
incomprehensible powers ; that the effects of
their movements cannot be easily foretold;
that we cannot anticipate with certainty what
will endanger or what will benefit a harbor.
It is said that these piers will not cause an
"appreciable" injury. Why should we do
any injury to the harbor of San Francisco—
that harbor upon which we are dependent for
the majestic commerce that is to flow to us
during the next fifty or one hundred years
from the empires of the East, which are just
opening to us their treasures? Why should
we strike at that harbor in any manner ?
But let me say to the gentleman from New
York—ay, Mr. Speaker, let me call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact—that these piers
will materially and permanently injure that
magnificent harbor; that they will not only
obstruct its use, but that they may destroy it.
If any weight is to be given to our experience
with other harbors, we may well pause before
we sanction such a measure a3 this, the con-
sequences of which none of us can anticipate
and none can estimate or limit. This bill, if
it shall receive the approval of Congress, will
end in the construction of solid embankments
for this railroad to rest upon. Piers will not
be used. The moment you pierce the bottom
of a harbor by the sharpened pile, that instant
you begin solid structures. The sediment
which accompanies every ebb and flow of the
tides will settle about them until it usurps the
place of the waters, and then these parties will
come to Congress for authority to complete
the inevitable and natural effect St the ebb
and flow of tides by filling the spaces where
water may still rest, without affording either
channel or current for the benefit of commerce
or of the harbor. This effect has been wit-
nessed in the harbor of Boston. Wherever
piles have been driven or piers constructed,
under just such evasive legislative acts as this,
the result has been the formation of solid
structures which no Legislature would have
authorized or justified.
You see the same thing in every part of the
world. Wherever piers are laid for structures
of this kind they are followed by solid em-
bankments of earth or stone. This has been
the case in New York, London, Liverpool,
Paris, and St. Petersburg. The same results
can be seen in the embankments just com-,
pleted at the Isthmus of Suez. Structures
begun in this way have been uniformly followed
by solid embankments. Will the gentleman
from New York, or any one of the advocates
of the surrender of the property and rights
,of the Government to this corporation, say
that these embankments, when they shall be-
come solid, will not impair, obstruct, or
destroy the commercial advantages of the
harbor of San Francisco?
Why should we adopt this measure now ?
Sir, this corporation can wait six months or a
year. But when the United States has sur-
rendered its property in this way, there is no
remedy ; it is bartered away for all time ; we
are abandoning the interests of the Govern-
ment ; we are abandoning the defenses of the
country, not for a few months, but for centu-
ries, and committing an irremediable wrong.
We are abandoning the commercial privileges
of the people when we surrender by this act at
this moment this island so necessary to the
public defense. Let us attend to the rights
of American citizens who are in chains, man-
acled with felons, serving out, perhaps, life
sentences in penal colonies of foreign coun-
tries. Let us attend to our destroyed commerce.
Let us reduce our taxes. Let us do any of
those things which the President and the people
call upon us to do, instead of seizing this
moment, so urgent for other duties, to waste
public property and surrender a strategic posi-
tion necessary to the preservation of its liberty
and the maintenance of its commercial power.
If there were any reason for it I would not
speak so earnestly against it; but there is no
reason for it. We can do this act—1 cannot
describe it as I ought to with due consideration
to my obligations to the House—but let us do
this hereafter. There may be a time even for
an act of impolicy and dishonor; there may
be a time even for an act like the one now
under consideration; but it should be—here-
after !
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WHEELER. Mr. Speaker, I shall
expend no time in commenting on the ta-te
which imputes to the largest committee in this
House unmanly evasion in the reporting of
this substitute. Neither shall I stop to com-
ment on the good taste which charges in fact
that the President of the United States in the
designation of these commissioners will select
bad men, men who perhaps are interested in
the grant. Sir, the President of the United
States needs no such defense at my hands..
The power is lodged with him as in other
cases of this nature, and he will exercise it
honestly. If not, he is responsible.
But! spurn the insinuation that the President
will select, men for commissioners to appraise
the value of t*his island who are venal men,
who are mercenary men, or who are interested
