1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1805
entitled if they had been pensioned from the
day of the death of the father.
Mr. WHEELER. I submit a brief sum-
mary of the evidence as prepared by me on an
examination of the proof. Jit is proven that
Julius A. Maxiner, private in company I,
eleventh regiment New York cavalry volun-
teers, the husband of the petitioner, died in
the service on the 11th. day of April, 1865;
that on the 3d day of February, 1866, the
petitioner made, signed, and verified an appli-
cation for a pension before the deputy county
clerk of the county of St. Lawrence, New
York. This fact is proven as well by the
sworn statement of the petitioner as by the
affidavit of the county clerk; that said appli-
cation was drawn by and put in charge of one
Henry Thompson, a claim agent, who prom-
ised (o forward the same to the Commissioner
of Pensions, and prosecute the same to com-
pletion, and who at divers times afterward
assured the petitioner that the claim was
being duly prosecuted, and that she would in
due time receive her pension ; in all which
statements the petitioner confided; that after
the lapse of years, the petitioner, wearied
with delay, addressed a letter to the Presi-
dent of the United States, which was referred
by him to the Commissioner of Pensions,
who thereupon wrote to the petitioner that
her application for a pension had never been
received at his Department, which was the
first knowledge she had of the fact; that more
than five years had then elapsed since the
death of lier husband; that immediately upon
the receipt of such letter, she had prepared and
forwarded a new declaration, and on the 28th
day of February, 1872, was granted a pension
to commence on the 26th day of June,' 1871;
that without fault on her part, and owing to
the neglect and misrepresentation of the said
claim agent, she lost her pension, and that of
her minor children, from the date of lier 'hus-
band's death, April 11, 1865, to June 26,1871.
The petitioner believes that having in good
faith undertaken to comply with the law, she
should not be prejudiced by the neglect and
misrepresentations of her unfaithful attorney,
and therefore asks a special act for her relief.
The "bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WHEELER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAX ON COTTON.
Mr. McHENRY, by unanimous consent,
presented the following resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Kentucky, in re-
gard to the tax on cotton levied by the Gen-
eral Government; which were referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed :
Resolutions in regard to tax on cotton levied by the
General Government.
Whereas the tax upon cotton, levied and collected
by the Government of thy United States during the
years 18sS5,1866, and 1867, was, in our judgment, most
unjust and oppressive to the people of the cotton-
growing States, in that it was a direct tax upon
industry, and imposed upon them at a time when
they were prostrated and impoverished by war and
the attendant consequences; and whereas the peo-
ple of those States have, through then- respoctive
Legislatures and Chambers of Commerce, petitioned
the Congress of the United States to authorize the
refunding of this tax; and whereas we believe the
refunding of this, an unequal tax, levied as it was
on the industry of a minority of the States, to be
only a matter of even-handed but tardy justice to
those with whom the people of this State arc'idcn-
tified, as well by ties of blood as by common inter-
est: Therefore,
1. lie it resolved by the General Assembly of the Com-
monwealth Kentucky, That we do most respectfully
and earnestly memorialize the honorable the Con-
gress of thelinited Suites to pass a law refunding to
the people of the eotton-growingStates the am'mnt
of taxes collected on cotton during the years 1865,
1866, and 1867.
2. liaoloed, That the Governor is hereby author-
ized and requested to transmit a copy of this memo-
rial to the Congress of the United States through our
Senators and Representatives therein.
JAMBS B. McCREAEY,
speaker of the Houieof Representatives.
JOHN 0. CARLISLE.
Speaker of the Senate.
Approved December 16, 1371.
■r « P- H" LESLIE,
By the Governor:
A. J. JAMES,
Secretary of State.
BEIDdB ACROSS TIIK MISSISSIPPI KIVEU.
Mr. HAWLEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2026) to authorize
the construction of a wagon and railroad bridge
across the Mississippi river at Quiucy, Illinois,
and to establish the same asa post route ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
DR. J. E. HOWARD.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President is hereby requested
to communicate to this House, if not incompatible
with the public interests, all the information in pos-
session of the Government relative to the ease of
Dr. J. E. Howard, a native of Philadelphia and a
citizen of the UnitedStates, now held by theSpanish
authorities in the island of Cuba, and what, if any,
steps have been taken to protect the rights of this
American citizen, who.it is altered from various re-
spectable sources,has been unjustly arrested, con-
demned, and transported to a Spanish penal settle-
ment on the coast of Africa.
Mr. HALE. I object to that resolution.
Let it be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. RANDALL. This man was trans-
ported yesterday to the coast of Africa on a
steamer from Havana.
Mr. BANKS. There ought to be no objec-
tion to the resolution.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the objection if
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs thinks that resolution is right.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to say that the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs has given some
attention to this subject.
No farther objection being made, the resolu-
tion was considered, and agreed to.
PUBLICATION OF THE LAWS.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I ask unan-
imous consent to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be, and he
is hereby, requested to transmit to this House a list
of the names of all newspapers authorized to publish
the laws of the United States, with their respective
post offices, and with a statement of the amounts
already paid to each, and yet due to each, lor the
publication of the same.
Mr. McGREVV. I object.
CAPTURE OF TIIE ALBEMARLE.
Mr. WTLLARD, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported back Senate bill
No. 715, relating to the capture of the Albe-
marle, and moved that ihe committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
bill, and that the same be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. COX. I made the motion that this bill
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
but by some error it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs. It relates to a
very meritorious case, and I ask unanimous
consent that it be taken up now and passed.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which objection to its present consider-
ation will be in order.
The bill was read. It provides lhat the prize
case of the rebel iron-clad man-of-war Albe-
marle shall be taken up and examined by
the proper United States court, that the cap-
tors may obtain an appraisal such as is required
by iiie ptize laws of Congress.
Mr. COGHLAN. The Committee on Na-
val Affairs have carefully examined into the
subject of this bill and are in favor of its pas-
sage. It will only delay the matter to refer this
bill to the Committee on Naval Affairs. 1 ask
that it be passed now.
No objection was made ; and the bill was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
o. J. JENNINGS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consult, laid
before the House a communication "from-the
Secretary of War, in relation to the claim of
O. J. Jennings for compensation for removing
breakwater and dredging on harbor at Dun-
kirk, New Yorkwhich was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
0. b. MANNING AND K. B. GKISWOLD.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in relation to the claim
of George L. Manning and Edward B. Gris-
wold for services performed by them as re-
cruiting agents in the years 1863 and 1864;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
LIEUTENANT J. SCOTT PAYNE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting a response
to the Committee on Military Affairs in rela-
tion to House bill No. 1530, for the relief
of Lieutenant J. Scott Payne; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
MONTANA INDIAN WAR CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER also, byunanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in relation to Montana
Indian war claims of 1867.
Mr. COBURN. That subject is being ex-
amined by the Committee on Military Affairs,,
and 1 move that it be referred to that committee.
The SPEAKER. The Montana Indian war
claims, referred to in this claim, are embraced
in these volumes, [indicating a package of
several volumes,] and a large trunk or box
full of vouchers. They will be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, without being
printed, if there is no objection.
No objection was made; aud it was ordered
accordingly.
DEPREDATIONS OF CHEYENNE INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, in relation
to the claim of Luttrick & Whitaker, on ac-
count of depredations committed by Cheyenne
Indians in 1867 ; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
ALASKA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, in relation
to the condition of the inhabitants of Alaska
who resided there prior to and at the date of
our acquisition of that territory; which was
referred to the Committee on the Territories,
and ordered to be printed.
NEZ PERCE INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, in relation to (he
third article of the treaty of August IS, 1868,
with the Nez Perce Indians; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
EXPLORATION OP COLORADO ItlTBU.
The SPEAKER a'so, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in relation to the claim
of Samuel Adams, for services in exploring
the Colorado river; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
LAWS OP DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
