1871.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
allowed a pension on account of wounds re-
ceived at the battle of Athens, Missouri.
Also, the petition of Matthew Morgan, a
private in company I, fortieth regiment Iowa
volunteers for an invalid pension.
Also, the petition of D. W. Clark and others,
of Louisa county, Iowa, praying the establish-
ment, of a post route.
Also, the petition of John W. Walton, ad-
ministrator of the estate of Henry Barcus,
praying that certain bounty money may be
paid to him.
Also, the petition of James B. Doran, praying
forthe payment ofbounty money, backpay, &c.
By Mr. E. H. ROBERTS: The petition of
David J. Willard for pay for sabers furnished.
By Mr. WILLARD: The petition of Wil-
liam Andrews, of Vermont, for reissue of
United States bonds.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 5, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
mak, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings
was read and approved.
Hon. Eli Saulsbury, from the State of
Delaware, and Hon. George Tickers, from
the State of Maryland, appeared in their seats
to-day.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, transmitting, in obedience to law, an in-
ventory of all the property of the United
States now in his Department; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
receipts and expenditures.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sub-
mits a statement from the Treasurer of the
United States, transmitting his adjusted quar-
terly accounts of the receipts and expendi-
tures of the United States for the third and
fourth quarters of 1868, and the first and
' second quarters of 1869, being for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1869. It is, as the Sen-
ate will see, very bulky, and the question as
to the propriety of printing it was discussed
to some extent at the last session of Con-
gress. If there be no objection, the question
of printing it will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing when appointed. It em-
braces four very large manuscript volumes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the committee
will not propose that this document be printed,
because it was printed for several years, and I
doubt whether a copy was ever called for. It
is a detailed statement of the items of ex-
penditure. It was printed for years, and I
have been informed that the document has
lain in the document-room and never been
called for.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
informed that of late years it has not been the
uniform practice to print this document, but
at the last session inquiry was made by the
Senator's colleague as to its non-appearance ;
and hence the Chair drew attention to it on
this occasion, in presenting it. The question
of printing will be referred to the Committee
on Printing, when that committee shall be
appointed by the Senate. In the mean time
the document will lie on the table.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. KELLOGG presented the memorial of
the New Orleans Chamber of Commerce, pray-
ing for the return of the cotton tax to those by
whom it was paid ; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. SPENCER presented thepetition ofE.
B. Lott, of Mobile, Alabama, praying for the
removal of his political disabilities; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
bills introduced.
Mr. COOPER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 331) to amend an act entitled "An act
granting pensions to certain soldiers and sail-
ors of the war of 1812, and the widows of
deceased soldiers," approved February 14,
1871; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 332) authorizing mail steamship ser-
vice in the Gulf of Mexico between the port
of New Orleans, Louisiana, and certain ports
of the republic of Mexico; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 333)
for the better organization of the district courts
of the United States within the State of Louis-
iana; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 334) to restore the office of the director
of the Bureau of Statistics; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
tehuantepec expedition report.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be
directed to furnish the Senate with the report and
accompanying maps of the United States shin-canal
expedition to the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, Mexico,
commanded by Captain R. "W. Shufelt, United States
Navy.
branch mint at new orleans.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to transmit to the Senate any information
on file in his Department, or which he may be able
to procure, showing when the branch mint at New
Orleans was established; how long it was continued
in operation; what amount of silver or other metal
was coined at said mint each year during the time
the same was in operation ; also from whence said
silver or other metal so coined was imported: also
the value of said branch mint property, including
grounds, buildings, and machinery ; on what terms
and conditions, and for what purpose said grounds
were deeded by the city of New Orleans to the Uni-
ted States, and what reason exists, if any, why said
branch mint should not be reestablished for the
coinage of silver or copper, or both.
retirement of russian minister.
Mr. CAMERON submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate, if in his
opinion this should not be contrary to the public
interest, all official correspondence upon the subject
of the retirement of Mr. Constantin Catacazy, the
envoy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary
of his Majesty the emperor of Russia to the United
States.
message from the house
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 47) in relation to pay of laborers,
workmen, and mechanics employed b}' or on
behalf of' the Government of the UnitedStates ;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
martial law in south carolina.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the Senate now to take
up the resolution that I offered yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to
take up the resolution is now in order.
Mr. BLAIR I make that motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Has that resolution been
printed yet?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been
printed. Does the Senator from Missouri
desire that the resolution be reported to the
Senate before the question is put on taking
it up?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have it
reported.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, requested to inform the Senate
under what provisions of the Jaw of April 20. 1871,
if any, and if not under that law, by what authority
he has caused the Constitution and laws of the
United States and the constitution and laws of the
State of South Carolina to be set aside and martial
law declared, and the writ of habeas corpus sus-
pended in the counties of Spartanburg, Marion,
York, Newberry, Chester, Laurens, 3?airfield,
Lancaster, and Chesterfield, in the State of South
Carolina, whereby the courts and civil authorities
are unable to afford protection to the lives, liberties,
and rights of the people therein, and all of them
left at the mercy of such military subordinates as he
has seen or may see fit to place over them. He is
especially requested to lay before the Senate all the
acts of insurrection, resistance, or opposition to the
laws of the United States committed in each ofthese
counties at any time after the 20th day of April,
1871, prior to the date of his proclamation of martial
law, giving the character of the offenses, the facts
relative thereto, and the names of the offenders, so
far as ascertained. He is further requested to lay
before the Senate any cases of resistance to the
execution of the process of the civil eourts. or the
officers either of the United States or of the State of
South Carolina, by any of the citizens of any of the
counties in which the guarantees of constitutional
liberty have been annulled by his proclamation
aforesaid since the passage of the act of April 20,
1871, aforesaid, and that he give the names ot all of
said citizens who have been arrested or imprisoned
under and by virtue of the authority conferred by
his proclamation, with the violations of law with
which cach is charged and the dates at which it is
alleged they committed the offenses for which they
were so arrested and imprisoned; and that he give
the Senate full information as to all the statements
of facts on which he acted in issuing his proclama-
tion aforesaid, giving the names of bis informants,
their statements, -when made to him in writing, and
the substance of them when made verbally, so that
Congress can determine what steps are necessary to
restore to the citizens of the counties aforesaid, and
especially to those who are not guilty of offenses
against the United States, the equal protection of
the laws with the people of other portions of the
country, under the forms prescribed by the Consti-
tution of the United States.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President, this resolution
contemplates that the President shall lay be-
fore the Senate an account of the manner in
which he has executed the extraordinary au-
thority devolved upon him by Congress. I
understand that large numbers of citizens have
been arrested for alleged crimes in the State
of South Carolina, in the counties designated
in the President's proclamation, and that of
all those arrested nine tenths were arrested for
alleged crimes committed before the passage
of the act of Congress" of April 20, 1871,
giving the President this authority. I have
seen statements in the papers of the names of
the parties, and of the crimes alleged to have
been committed by them, which prove to be
the same incidents or circumstances in regard
to which the Committee on Outrages in the
Southern States have examined witnesses, and
those circumstances all occurred prior to the
passage of the act under which the President
proclaimed martial law, so that these parties
have been arrested for offenses, or alleged
offenses, committed anterior to the time when
the Federal courts had any jurisdiction what-
ever, and anterior to the tune when the au-
thority was conferred upon the President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. ^ For wbat pur-
pose does the Senator from Vermont rise?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
The VICE 'PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont has risen to make an inquiry,
in the nature of a point of order. The Sen-
ator from Missouri will, therefore, suspend
his remarks for the present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I inquire whether the
discussion of the merits of this question is in
order on the motion to take up?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about, when the Senator from Missouri should
have concluded this paragraph of his remarks,
to state to him, as it is the Chair's duty to do,
and as he has so often had occasion to do at
previous sessions, that the eleventh rule, to be
found at page 134 of the new edition of the
Rules, Manual, &c., reads as follows:
" Motions to take up or proceed to the considera-
