1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
909
only as to foreign relations, but as to domestic
relations.
But aside from that I think he is quite in
error when he says that resolutions of this
kind have not been referred to our committees
in regard to our foreign relations. It is a very
proper case for a reference. Everybody must
feel that this nation of oars is on trial some-
what. We have formed a treaty with a for-
eign Power. We have faithfully observed that
treaty in all respects. We have done nothing
at all that any American citizen finds fault
with. The presentation of our claim on the
British Government is not a subject which
they have to deal with at all. It is ours. It
is a mere matter between the President of the
United States and the agents that he has em-
ployed to present our case. Under these cir-
cumstances it seems to me the course of wis-
dom for us is quietly to pursue the even tenor
of our way, to present our case in our own
language, in temperate, judicious, and mod-
erate terms, and there stand. If a political
excitement or any other excitement of feeling
grows up in Great Britain, the better way is
for us quietly not to notice it. Let them settle
their own affairs in their own way. Tbe agita-
tion in Parliament will be settled, I have no
doubt, in due time. I do not believe that the
Government of Great Britain or the people
of Great Britain will ever dare, in the pres-
ence of the civilized world, to revoke a treaty
that has been made between these two great
nations.
Mr. WILSON. That is moderation !
Mr. SHERMAN. I say they will not, be-
cause public sentiment will not allow them.
The better way is to let them alone. I think
the better course is to send this resolution to
the Committee on Foreign Relations and there
let it remain.
Mr. PATTERSON. I regret the iutem-
perate language of my friend from Ohio.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour
of one o'clock having arrived, it becomes the
duty of the Chair to call up the unfinished
busiuess of yesterday.
Mr. EDMONDS. Let us take a vote one
way or the other on this resolution, because I
shall be getting it up every day. I ask my
friend from South Carolina to let the vote be
taken on this resolution,
Mr. ROBERTSON. I yield for a vote.
Mr. HAMLIN. If we are to vote on this
resolution, I wish the attention of the Senate
for a very few moments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have the order
of the day.
Mr. HAMLIN. I shall conclude my re-
marks with a motion to lay the resolution
on the table for the purpose of testing the
sense of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, make that mo-
tion.
Mr. HAMLIN. I shall do so. I think there
are occasions when silence is the very great-
est wisdom that we can manifest to the world.
I think silence in this case is the course for
us as statesmen to pursue. Now, I suggest
to the consideration of the Senate whether
in this brief discussion in this morning hour
upon this question, there have not been words
uttered, by two of the Senators at least, which
had better not have been spoken. It occurred
to me so; and believing as I do that we stand
upon impregnable ground, not learning that
there have been any official communications
or dispatches received up to this hour. 
Mr. EDMUNDS. How can we learn that
jiitil we inquire? let me ask my honorable
friend.
Mr. IIAMLIN. Well, sir, I have taken such
measures for the purpose of satisfying myself
as are satisfactory to me, and not having learned
that there have "been any dispatches received
up to this hour, it occurs to me that we are in
great haste. 1 repeat, what is in my judgment
true, that we stand upon impregnable ground,
and that it is unwise forug in any way, in any
manner, to agitate the question here for the
present. It is a matter of grave moment; it
is a matter of great importance. I concede
that so great is its importance that we may well
believe that when any official dispatches are
received by our Government deserving our
attention they will be immediately communi-
cated to us for our consideration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend a
question?
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask him if he believes
it to be offensive to the Government of Great
Britain for the Senate of the United States to
ask the President of the United States if he
has any information on this subject?
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir; I do not know
that it would be offensive; but I think the
passage of such a resolution would show a mis-
trust that we have of the high position we
occupy, I move to lay the resolution on the
table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THORMAN. Will the Senator with-
draw the motion for a moment? I wish to
make a suggestion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Maine withdraw the motion?
Mr. THURMAN. I will renew it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the subject is to be
debated I insist on the regular order.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I will not withdraw
the motion.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator from Illi-
nois had allowed me to proceed I should have
been done by this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not have control
of the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The yeas and nays have
been ordered. Let us take them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. THURMAN. I thought some Senator
demanded the order of the day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not if we can vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is to lay the resolution on the table, upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to know what is
the state of this ease ; whether the Senator
from Illinois demanded the regular order?
Mr. HAMLIN. I withdraw the motion if
my friend from Ohio will renew it.
Mr. WILSON. I objectto any arrangement
of that kind in the Senate.
Mr. ROBERTSON. In order to get rid of
this I think this matter had better go over to
another day. I call for the regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICEK. The regular
order is the amnesty bill.
message from thk housk.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives. by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1043) to establish an edu-
cational fund, and to apply the proceeds of the
public lands to the education of the people;
A bill (H. R. No. 847) for the relief of
, Tinsley, Van Horn & Company, Glenn, Over-
all & Clark, and J. N. Henderson & Com-
pany, of Louisiana, Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 904) for the relief of
Charles P. S. Wardwell; and
A bill (H. R. No. 924) for the relief of
Sarah S. Trapp, executrix of William Trapp,
deceased.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. Poktj.r, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on the 8th
instant approved and signed the act (S. No.
390) granting a pension to Sarah Evans.
POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 380) for the removal of
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
third section of the fourteenth article ofamend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States,
the pending question being -on the motion of
Mr. Cole, to amend the amendment of Mr.
Sumner by striking therefrom the fifth , sec-
tion, in the following words:
That every discrimination against any person on
account of color, by the"use of the word " white" in
any law, statute, ordinance, or regulation, is hereby
repealed and annulled.
And in lieu thereof to insert—
That every discrimination against citizens of the
United States on account of color, by the use of the
word "white" in any law, statute, ordinance, or
regulation, is hereby repealed and annulled.
Mr. CORBETT. I rose last evening to call
attention to a statement made by the Sena-
tor from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] that this
amendment, by iuserting the w.ord "'citizen,''
would make a discrimination against foreign-
born persons from Ireland, Scotland, and Ger-
many. I understand that this only applies to
colored persons. They certainly are not col-
ored persons.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator from Ore-
gon will give way to me for a moment, as the
remarks of the Senator from Illinois related
directly to my amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 shall be through in a
moment. The amendment simply strikes out,
as I understand, the word "person" and in-
serts "citizen," and therefore it only has ref-
erence to colored citizens. For that reason
it does not affect, as stated by the Senator
from Illinois, any foreign-born citizen other
than colored persons. I simply wished to
correct the statement at the time, but the
adjournment prevented me.
Mr. COLE. The only change in the section
that is involved in the substitute proposed by
myself for the section as it stands in the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, is to make it read "citizens" in place
of "persons." The Senator from-Illinois
truthfully said that this related to the inhabit-
ant# of Asia. The intention was to exclude
them from the operation of the naturalisation
laws. I have no concealment about it. As
stated by my friend from Oregon, the con-
struction given to it by the Senator from Illi-
nois will not be borne out by the language of
ray amendment. I will read from his remarks
a paragraph or two. He says:
" The Senator from California proposes to make a
discrimination against all foreigners who eome to
this couniry until they become citizens. He pro-
poses to put the word 'eitizen" in here, and every
man who comes from Europe, Irishman or German,
Englishman or Scotchman, is not to have equal civil
rights in this country until he becomes a naturalized
citizen. That is the effect of the Senator's amend-
ment. He proposes to confine to citizens these
rights."
And further, speaking or* the same point:
"That is the only object, I suppose, which the
Senator from California had in Ms amendment,
although it goes further and makes a distinction
against every unnaturalized person, though of the
Caucasian race and froui Europe."
I do not wish to enter into any controversy
with the distinguished and very learned chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee upon auy
question of Saw, or even upon the construc-
tion that is to be given to language ; but it is
apparent that the discrimination cannot apply
to persons coming into this country from any
portion of Europe, persons of the Caucasian
race, because they cannot be discriminated
against by the use of the word " white," they
being white people. There is discrimination
even by the rules of this body against persons
not citizens of the United States. By a rule
we do not even permit them to petition Con-
gress for relief in ease they regard themselves
as entitled to it. - The right of petition is
denied them, though residing in this country ;
and I wish to call the attention of the Senate to
the fact that the extension of the laws to the
