3598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,|
submit it, but not as an appeal, and it will be
open to debate.
Mr. COLE. Is that- open to debate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly. The
Chair, therefore, submits the question to the
Senate, as the Senator from California desires
it, whether this absolute repeal of a section
of the appropriation bill of 1871 is in order
under the restrictive rule of the 29th of April
on this appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I see the
Senator from California does not intend to
pass this bill to-night, and we might as well
adjourn.
Mr. SAWYER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business. I yielded to the Senator from Cali-
fornia to make & remark, not for a speech.
Mr. COLE. If I could leave my appeal
pending until the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] can be present I should like it very
much.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again state that it is not necessary to take an
appeal. This being a restrictive rule, he has
said, as did the Senator from Rhode Island
when he was presiding on a previous appropria-
tionbill, he willsubmitthis question to the Sen-
ate for them to decide how far they intended
by this restrictive rule to restrict independent
legislation on an appropriation bill. The rule
was adopted for the purpose of assisting the
Committee on Appropriations, the Chairknows
historically, in getting through the appropria-
tion bills. The Chair, therefore, does not desire
to antagonize the Committee on Appropria-
tions with any mere opinion of his own, but
will submit the question to the Senate. And
the Chair will add, if this amendment is de-
cided to be in order, the Chair must rule that
any Senator will have a right to move an
amendment on an appropriation bill to the
same extent that the Senate decided this to
be in order.
Mr. CARPENTER. I can offer the civil
rights bill as an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is submitted to a vote of the Senate : Is this
amendment proposed by the Committee on
Appropriations in order?
Mr. POMEROY. I understand the Sena-
tor from California to appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated
that he would not make a decision, but would
submit, the question to the Semite.
Mr. POMIiROY. The Chair did decide.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair ex-
pressed his opinion, as the Senator will find
by referring to the Globe to-morrow, and
stated at the same time that he would submit
the question to the Senate if any Senator
desired it., and especially if the Committee on
Appropriations desired it.
Mr. COLE. I wish to get this matter in a
position where it can be discussed by the Sen-
ator from Vermont when he is well and able
to be in his seat. That is all I have in.view.
I should like to discuss it myself, but I simply
desire to have the matter acted upon by the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
of order then is remitted by the Chair to the
Senate, whether an amendment, of this char-
acter is in order on an appropriation bill under
the rule of the 29th of April, and it will be
debated hereafter if the Senate should now
adjourn or go into executive session.
executive session.
Mr. SAWYER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. ANTHONY. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion. Why not pass over this disputed
point until to-morrow, and finish the bill with
that exception, and make such progress as we
can.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion for
an executive session is not debatable. Does
the Senator insist on his motion ?
Mr. SAWYER. Yes, sir.
The motion was agseed to; there being on a
division-—ayes 22, noes 17; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After ten minutes spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened, and
(at five o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, May 18, 1872.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. Richard Smyth, D. 1)., Pro-
fessor of Magee College, Londonderry, Ire-
land.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
creation of land districts.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House to the bill
(S. No. 998) relating to the creation of new
land districts; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
house bills referred.
The following bills received from the House
of Representatives were read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands:
A bill (H. R. No. 1158) granting the right
of way through the public lands to the Utah
and Northern Railroad Company;
A bill (H. R. No. 1500) to confirm title to
certain lands in Washington Territory;
A bill (II. R. No. 1626) to confirm certain
entries of land therein named ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2592) granting the right
of way to the Dakota Grand Trunk Railway
Company;
A bill (H. R. No. 2784) granting the right
of way to the Missouri Valley Railroad Com-
pany; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2785) for the relief of
certain homestead settlers on the public lands.
The bill (H. R. No. 1634) for the relief of
Benjamin W. Reynolds was read twice by its
title.
Mr. POMEROY. Let that lie on the table.
The Committee on Public Lands have reported
the same thing. Perhaps, if there is no objec-
tion, it might as well be passed at once.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it the same bill?
Mr. POMEROY. For the same man; but
the amounts are not the same. This is for
extra clerk hire. He was register of a land
office.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be referred.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it lie on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection if it
is identically the same bill.
Mr. POMEROY. It is not identical iu
amount.
The bill was ordered to lie on the table.
jane a. green.
Mr. PENTON. If there be no objection, I
ask that the little bill which I sent to the Sec-
retary's desk yesterday morning may be passed.
It is only ten lines. It is one reported by the
Senator from West Virginia, [Mr. Boreman.]
I presume there will be no objection to it.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
639) for the relief of Jane A. Green was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It is
a direction to the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue to Jane A. Green, or her representative,
a duplicate ten-forty coupon bond, No. 5359,
for $1,000, in lieu of the original destroyed by
fire, and to pay the interest due thereon ; but
the owner of the destroyed bond is to file in
the Treasury, a bond in the penal sum equal
to the amount of the destroyed bond, and the
interest which would accrue thereon from
September 1, 1864, until the principal thereof
is due and payable, with two good and suffi-
cient sureties, residents of the United States,
subject to the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury, with condition to indemnify and
save harmless the United States from any
claim because of the destroyed bond.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hold in my hand a care-
fully prepared substitute for a House bill re-
ported from the Committee on Finance cover-
ing all that class of cases, and I submit that
instead of this bill the general bill should be
taken up and passed. It covers some thirty or
forty cases pending in Congress and jvHl re-
lieve us from the necessity of passing special
bills. The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trum-
bull] the other day objected until he could
read it. It has been printed and laid on our
tables. I do not wish to object particularly in
respect to this bill; but there are eight or ten
cases of this kind in the Committee on Finance,
and I shall object to the passage of any private
bills on this subject until the general bill can
be acted upon, which covers the whole ground,
and enables any party whose bond has been
destroyed or defaced to obtain a duplicate. If
the Senator from New York will withdraw the
bill I will present the general bill, and the
party will get the same relief.
Mr. FENTON. Has that bill passed the
House ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, it is a House bill.
Mr. FENTON. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will not object to this bill. It is a small
matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. But I must. There are
0 ntnarc!
Mr. FENTON. Then I will withdraw this
bill until the general bill can be acted on, as it
covers the whole ground.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move, then, to take up
House bill No. 2565, to provide for the issue
of bonds in lieu of destroyed or defaced bonds
of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Have we gone through
with the regular morning business?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not yet.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
Vermont will allow this bill to pass. This
class of bills have always passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My only objection is just
this : 1 think it is fair play here to have bills
first reported first considered. There are
other bills reported from committees of which
1 am a member, some pension bills, one or
two from the Judiciary Committee that I had
the honor to report myself, mere local matters
which go upon the Calendar and can never
be reached because the whole time is taken up
at the special request of Senators-to consider
bills just reported, or that they have special
interest in. I think it the fair way to go
through with the morning business, and then
the Chair will recognize gentlemen around so
that every person once in a week or two will
have a chance to get the bills that are already
reported and on the Calendar off it, including
the one of my honorable friend from Ohio.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York had asked and obtained con-
sent to take up a special bill on this subject.
The Senator from Ohio asks to supersede it
by a general bill, which he states will obviate
the necessity for eight or ten bills before the
Senate ; but the Senator from Vermont objects.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to the Senator
from Vermont. This is not a local bill, but
one general in its character.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we might get to
the Calendar of unobjected cases to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is any objection
when the Senator from Vermont hears the
substitute, I will waive it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I can say the same thing
to my friend from Ohio as to two or three bills
reported weeks ago, that if he has any objec-
