2702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
in this corporation. I have looked to the
eloquent gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] for argument, not for invective. But,
sir, where is the argument which the gentle-
man from Massachusetts has adduced against
this bill ? He comes here with the oft-repeated
and stale cry that this bill if carried into exe-
cution is to work the destruction of this island
for militsfty purposes. I oppose to that dec-
laration the declaration of the General of the
armies of the United States, General Sher-
man, who said to me this bill, if carried into
execution, would be greatly to the advantage
of the Government of the United States, and
this island for military purposes would be
greatly enhanced by this improvement. Every
gentleman who has been in the harbor of San
Francisco knows that this island is a barren
rock, which at points rises three hundred
feet above the elevation of the sea. The
parts of the island pointing to the city and
toward the Golden Gate can only be used
for military purposes, and the bill provides
that the President of the United States shall
select the portion to be used for military pur-
Eoses. Who is better fitted for this purpose than
e? General George H. Thomas said two years
ago when I was in the city of San Francisco
that if Nature had settled anything it was
that Goat Island should be the terminus of
the Pacific railroad. Every man who has in-
spected the island and examined the sheltered
nook in the southeastern part knows that is
the oniy place where vessels can lie in security.
They cannot lie opposite that part of the island
fronting the city, because the tides come in so
heavily through the Gate; but in this sheltered
nook they may lie in perfect security. It was
stated also by General Sherman that the portion
of the island blasted down, as it must be if
used by the railroad, will furnish a most secure
site for au arsenal for the storage of munitions
of war, as it would be out of the way of the
bombardment of a hostile fleet in the bay. It
was his argument that the approach from the
main land will afford a means of getting to
the island in case the bay were blockaded by a
hostile fleet.
Sir, the Government of the United States
should never sell this island, but it admits of
the use here proposed without any injury to
the Government, and it is the only divided use
it does admit of. Yet we are told by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, in face of the fact
that this bill provides for the appointment of
a board of commissioners to appraise the
damages, that this is a gift to a corporation.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire, during the few
remaining minutes allowed me, to bring the
House back from the turmoil of debate here,
and from the agitation in the city of San Fran-
cisco, to the merits which the committee be-
lieve are involved in this measure. I am aware
of the great prejudice existing against railroads.
1 remember, sir, in the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress, when the gentleman from California
[Mr. Sargent,] who now sits in front of me,
and to whom this country is indebted more than
to all other agencies for the Pacific railroad—
I remember well when he stood up here,
and, amid opposition and ridicule, advocated
this line of railroad. We were willing then to
grant him anything he might ask. We were
in search of men who had boldness and courage
and hardhood enough to undertake this gigan-
tic enterprise.
At last, after Congress had voluntarily ten-
dered its subsidies, a set of men were found
bold enough to undertake this great work and
carry it to completion ; and when at Promon-
tory the last spike was driven into the last rail
of the track, the country rang with plaudits
and the praises of those men; but after we
had become a little accustomed to the vast-
ness of the work, and after it began to be sus-
pected that the men who had carried it to
successful completion had reaped, in a pecun-
iary point of view, some reward for their
labor, then many were ready to cry those men
down; and now, in this Hall, they are daily
denounced as mercenaries and thieves. No
man can stand on this floor to-day to advocate
any measure which has the name of a railroad
in it without being liable to be maligned by
gentlemen here who arrogate to themselves
all the virtue of the House.
Sir, I grant that corporations in this country
as in all countries are grasping. I grant, if
you please, that this Central Pacific Railroad
Company is grasping. Those who constitute
this corporation are men who are looking for
their individual gain like all men who engage
in enterprises of this character. Sir, let us
array ourselves in all legitimate ways against
this overshadowing influence of corporations,
which they are exercising in this country, if
the assertions of gentlemen are to be believed.
But, sir, let us be careful that in giving vent
to that feeling we do not prejudice other inter-
ests of this country.
Now, sir, there are certain facts in connec-
tion with this measure whieh have been as-
serted by me before in this debate, and which
have never been contradicted. I point to the
fact that this line of Pacific railroad now term-
inates on the east shore of the Bay of San
Franc'isco, to which shore no vessel with a
draught of over three feet of water can approach.
I point to the further fact which has been
brought out in this pamphlet, a copy of which
I hold in my hand, embracing the correspond-
ence between the mayor, the president of the
Chamber of Commerce, and other prominent
citizens of San Francisco, with these five engin-
eers of the United States who have been re-
ferred to in this debate; the fact that in the
opinion of these five engineers not only can
this line of road come nowhere else, but other
railroads in contemplation, including the great
Southern Pacific, now pointing to the city of
San Francisco, cannot approach the Bay of
San Francisco in any other way than upon the
eastern shore. I ask the Clerk to read the
passage from this pamphlet which 1 have
marked.
The Clerk read as follows :
Is it a fact, as intimated by Governor
Stanford, in his letter of the 11th instant, to the
board of supervisors of San Francisco, (copy in-
closed,) ' that the Southern Paeifio railroad, will,
in order to avoid the heavy grades necessary conse-
quent upon passing from the Tulare valley into the
Santa Clara valley, be compelled to send its busi-
ness by way of the San Joaquin valley, and thus
reach San Francisco in company with the railroad
system of the north by Livermore pass, or by
the straits of Carquinez and Oakland?" Is the to-
pography of the Diablo range of this city of such a
character that the thirty-fifth parallel road will be
unable to reach San Francisco on a direct line from
the southward up the peninsula?
" Answer. From the best information we can ob-
tain, we are of the opinion that Governor Stanford is
correct in his statement that the Southern Pacific
railroad will be forced by economical considera-
tions to pass through the San Joaquin valley. And
we believe that a train ol cars placed at any point
in that valley, from one end of it to the other, could
be brought, at the present time at least, to San
Francisco cheaper, and in less time by the way of
Antioeh and the straits of Carqumez and Oakland,
than by any other route."
Mr. WHEELER. Mr. Speaker, I have
caused this portion of that pamphlet to be read
to demonstrate the proposition that not only
all the commerce that the line of the Pacific
railroad takes to San Francisco is landed on
the eastern shore now, but also that all the
commerce which will hereafter pass over the
lines now in process of construction, includ-
ing the great southern line, must be left on the
east side of the bay. It is demonstrated by
an examination of the Coast Survey charts that-
no ship can approach the shore, hence the
necessity for lighterage, cartage, and other
charges upon every pound of commerce des-
tined west; and so with all coming in an
easterly direction ; every pound of commerce
must be transshipped, lightered over to the
wharf, and carted to the Central Pacific rail-
road. I stated in the former debate upon this
bill that I had carefully estimated in connec-
tion with the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Crocker] and the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Williams,] experienced railroad
men, the expense per ton of this literage,
cartage, &c., and that we could make it less
than two dollars per ton. Now, I put the prop-
osition plainly to the House whether the entire
commerce of this country passing through that
port both ways shall pay to the private wharf-
owners of San Francisco two dollars per ton,
or shall the Government through this bill not
only prevent the delay of transshipment, but
exempt commerce from this private taxation ?
Mr. Speaker, 1 would inquire why should
this burden be put upon the commerce of
the world in the harbor of San Francisco?
Why should the House refuse the same facil-
ities that are enjoyed by commerce elsewhere
iii this country ?
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. WHEELER. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. I would ask him whether he
would support a proposition in this House
to give to the Hailem Railroad Company run-
ning to the city of New York the use of Gov-
ernor's Island, Government property, lying off
the city?
Mr. WHEELER. I would not support the
proposition for a gift. I would support a prop-
osition to sell it to the Harlem Railroad Com-
pany, if it became necessary for commerce, or
that the President should appoint a commis-
sioner to appraise the value and sell it to the
company, but I would not support the proposi-
tion, as I do not in this case, to give them the
use of the island.
Mr. WOOD. I understand the gentleman
to say, then, that he would vote for a proposi-
tion to give the use of Governor's Island, within
three hundred yards of the Battery in New
York, to the Harlem Railroad Company. •
Mr. WHEELER. The gentleman does not
understand me. If, in my judgment, it was
indispensable to the commerce of the country,
I would vote to sell it, not to give it.
Mr. WOOD. But to a railroad corporation ?
Mr. WHEELER. To a railroad or any other
corporation, if thereby commerce was to be
facilitated.
Mr. WOOD. Very well; it is all right;
that is on record.
Mr. WHEELER. I now ask the previous
question on the bill, substitute, and amend-
ments.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of
order. When the gentleman from New York
called the previous question on the motion to
reconsider, it was certainly stated by him that
amendments would be open for consideration.
Mr. WHEELER. I will hear them.
Mr.HOLMAN. I offerthe foilowingamend-
ment, to come in atthe end of the first section
of the substitute:
But no provision of this act shall take effect until
the said Central Pacific Railroad Company shall
have paid into the Treasury the sums paid by the
United States as interest on the bonds issued by the
United States for the benefit of said company and
now remaining unpaid.
Mr. WHEELER, I decline to admit that
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman stated that amend-
ments would be considered to this bill.
Mr. WHEELER. I said that I would hear
amendments read for my consideration.
Mr. HOLMAN. That was not the state-
ment, and if the gentleman thinks a moment
he will remember that it was not.
Mr. WHEELER. The gentleman, I hope,
does not think me green enough to admit all
the amendments whieh he and other oppo-
nents of the bill might desire to offer.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman said they
should be considered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I recollect distinctly
what the gentleman from New York said.
He said, " I will consider them."
Mr. BANKS. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. The language he used was, "shall be
considered."
