14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
tion of any question shall be determined without
debate upon the merits of the question proposed to
be considered."
The administration of this rule forms one
of the most unpleasant duties of the Chair,
as Senators on both sides of the Chamber
have witnessed in the past. The Chair did
not cheek the Senator from Missouri, because
he supposed that Senator desired simply to
state to the Senate the scope and intent of his
resolution.
Mr. BLAIR. That was all I proposed to
state.
The VICE PRESIDENT. But the merits
of it cannot be debated at this time, and the
Senator was certainly proceeding to debate on
the merits of the proposition proposed to be
considered. After it shall be taken up, then,
of course, debate on the merits will be in
order.
Mr. CONKLING. As the Senator has been
interrupted, may I ask him a question?
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I inquire whether the
Senator is aware thata resolution, which seems
to be this resolution in precise words, was, on
the motion of amemberof the Senator's party,
a distinguished member of the House of Rep-
resentatives, offered in that body yesterday and
referred to a committee—a committee as well
of this body as of the House, being the joint
committee on this general subject, of which
the Senator from Missouri is himself a mem-
ber? I make the inquiry because the resolu-
tion, having been referred to that committee,
(and without objection as I believe on the part
of the member who offered it, at least so far
as appears on the record,) I thought it very
likely that that fact might answer the purpose
of I be Senator from Missouri; and if so, it
might modify his wish as to taking it up here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thi Chair must
now state to the Senator from New York that
by another rule to be found in the Manual, it
is not considered proper to refer to what has
been done in the other branch, because, as the
Manual states in its peculiar language, " it
might interfere with the independency of the
two Houses." The Chair dislikes, however,
to interrupt Senators.
Mr. CONKLING. It the Chair will pardon
me, I supposed I was within the rule by rea-
son of the fact that this was a joint committee,
and the resolution had been committed to a
committee as well of this body (as I took pains
to say) as of the other. That being the case,
I supposed I might be permitted iu this in-
stance to refer to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was, how-
ever, action of the other House to which the
Senator referred. The question now is on
proceeding to the consideration of the resolu-
tion, which does not involve debate on the
merits, as has been repeatedly ruled, and as
the rule expressly states.
Mr. BLAIR. Under that decision I have
nothing more to say.
Mr. MORTON. On the question of taking
up the resolution at this time, I desire to say
a single word. It occurs to me that the sub-
stance of this resolution was pretty well an-
swered yesterday by the President's message.
But, aside from that, it seems to me this reso-
lution can be much more intelligently dis-
cussed after we have the report from the in-
vestigating committee in regard to southern
outrages. For that reason I shall vote against
taking it up this morning.
Mr. BLAIR. In reply to what has fallen
from the Senator from Indiana, I will say that
the President's message does not give us any
of the information asked for in this resolution.
The resolution asks for a detail of the names
of the parties arrested, the crimes alleged to
have been committed by them, and the time
at which they are alleged to have been com-
mitted, none of which facts the President gives
us in his message. The President states in
his message that the testimony taken before
the committee on southern affairs amply sus-
tains him in his proclamation of martial law.
I do not know how the President got that
information. Certainly, he could not have got
it by any report from the committee. Nobody
was authorized by the committee to make any
such report to the President. As a member
of the committee, I can give my opinion that
the facts elicited by that examination did not
•justify the proclamation of martial law, and I
suspect that I know more about the facts eli-
cited before the committee than the President
himself. There was no authority given by the
committee to any one to submit those facts to
the President, or to make any report to him.
And while I am not surprised that the Presi-
dent should have exercised the authority given
to him, as his education and his genius are
arbitrary and look to arbitrary measures, I am
astonished, sir, at the servility of Congress
in submitting the rights of all citizens of this
country to his discretion, and depriving them
of the guarantees of the Constitution. And I
think, sir, thatit becomes us, after having given
him that authority, at least to ask him to show
us the manner in which he has exercised it.
Mr. CONKLING. I think the reason
assigned by the Senator from Indiana against
taking op this resolution is a good one; and
I beg to add another reason which will control
me in voting against the motion of the Senator
from Missouri. A resolution calling for inform-
ation upon any appropriate subject is always
entitled to consideration and indulgence, and
particularly when it is really a request for
information, and is accompanied by good faith
in all respects. This resolution, among other
things, is full of assertion, and fall of intima-
tion which may fall short of assertion. Al-
though I do not propose now to discuss the
verity or the error of the resolution in that
regard, it is enough that it contains so much
of that matter that it does not, in my estima-
tion, fall fairly within the category of resolu-
tions seeking information ; and therefore I
should vote against it at any time unless this
matter were eliminated, unless it were reduced
to a resolution of inquiry, when, perhaps, there
might be no objection to it; certainly none of
the kind which I now specify.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. BLAIR called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Casserly, Cooper. Davis of
West.Virginia, Johnston, Kelly, Saulsbury, Steven-
son, Stockton, Tipton, and Vickers—11.
A AYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bore-
man, Brownlow, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron,
Chandler. Clayton, Conkling, Corbett, Crasrin, Ed-
munds, Fenton, Ferry of Connection^ Ferry of
Michigan Erehnghuyscn, ailbert, Hamiin, Harlan,
Hitchcock, Howe, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of \ ermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pome-
roy, Pool, Ilamsey, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer, Scott,
Sherman, Spencer, Sumner, Trumbull, West, Wil-
S02v^$Sm,,2'n<i Wright—45.
ABSENT Messrs. Bayard, Carpenter, Cole, Davis
of Kentucky, Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton ot Texas, Hill, Kellogg, Lewis, Pratt,
bchurz, Sprague, Stewart, and Thurman—15.
So the motion was not agreed to.
PAY OF GOVERNMENT LABORERS.
The VIC Li PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sentrt a joint resolution from the House of
Representatives, and in presenting it he ven-
tures to suggest to members of the Senate, as
he has no right to do to members of the House,
that by an existing law enactments of this char-
a^ter must shape of bills, and not in
the shape of joint resolutions, a fact probably
overlooked hi the House at the time of the
passage of this joint resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I move to proceed to the
consideration of that resolution now, and that
it be changed from a joint resolution to a bill.
j f VICE PRESIDENT. It will first be
read by its title.
_ The joint resolution (H. R. No. 47) in rela-
tion to pay of laborers, workmen, and mechan-
ics employed by or on behalf of the Govern-
meat of the United States, was read the first
time by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The second read-
ing, which will be now, if there be no objec-
tion, will be in full.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution
at length. It proposes to direct the proper
accounting officers, in the settlement of all
accounts for the services of laborers, work-
men, and mechanics employed by or on be-
half of the Government of the United States
between the 25th day of June, 1868, the date
of the act constituting eight hours a day's
work for all such laborers, workmen, and
mechanics, and the 19th day of May, 1869,
the date of the proclamation of the President
concerning such pay, to settle and pay for the
same without reduction on account of the
reduction of the hours of labor by that act.
Mr. WILSON. I rise merely to ask that
the joint resolution be put on its passage and
changed to the required form of a bill. It is
a very simple matter, and does not require so
much money as, perhaps, some Senators may
think. In a few cases reductions were made
in the wages paid to men employed in the
Government service before the President made
his decision. I hope that, for the purpose of
doing justice in those cases, the bill will be
put on its passage now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no objection
be made, the joint resolution is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole and
open to amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise for the purpose
of proposing an amendment, which is to repeal
what is known as the eight-hour law. I have
sent for the Statutes with the view of turning
to the law.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to reserve the
right to object to its consideration now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The right to
object will be considered as reserved.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No bill ought to pass
without going to a committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts move an amendment?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not object to the
Senator from Illinois proceeding, but I was
afraid I might lose my opportunity to object
to the consideration of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
regard the right to object to the present con-
sideration of the joint resolution as reserved.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to dis-
cuss it further than to give notice of an amend-
ment, which I shall offer whenever the bill
comes up. I shall propose to amend it so as
to repeal what is known as the eight-hour law.
Mr. POMEROY. I think this bill should
go to a committee. It is sweeping in its char-
acter. It extends to every employ*; of the
Government all over the country, in every
fort, in every arsenal, in every Government
workshop. 1 certainly should want it consid-
ered and reported upon by a committee before
I vote on it.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that it
extends only to those who had theirpay reduced.
That was not general nor universal, nor any-
thing like it. I apprehend it was only in a very
few cases.
Mr. POMEROY. How do we know that?
Mr. WILSON. Because complaint has been
made by the men, and the demand has been
made ot the Government, and it only comes
from one or two places where the officers
adopted the rule of reducing the pay and pay-
ing men for eight hours instead of tsn hours'
work, taking ten hours as a day's standard. I
P .'nk ,it;'s a very small matter, and I hope the
bill will be passed now without amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. Only a very few persons
may have complained, and the reduction may
have taken place only in a few instances ; but
a bill so general, that is apparently liable to
afiect every portion of the United States and
every person employed as a laborer or me-
