1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1807
Mr. BINGHAM. Let it all come in.
Mr. RANDALL. Some we might agree to,
and some we might not agree to._
The SPEAKER. Is there objection ?
There was no objection, and the amend-
ment was received.
TheSPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois withdraw his amendment to adjourn
over until Thursday next?
Mr. FAUNSWORTH. I do, if the amend-
ments are allowed to come in.
Mr. BEATTY. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out all after the enacting clause of the bill,
and in lieu thereof insert these words:
There is hereby appropriated the sum of $2e>0,0UU
to be paid to the publishers of the Congressional
Globe on account of the publication thereof during
the Forty-Second-Congress.
Mr. KELL/EY. I decline to admit that,
Mr. BANKS. I ask consent to introduce
an amendment which concerns the privileges
of the House. I send it to the desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
At the end of the bill add these words:
Provided, That no person shall be employed as a
reporter for the House without the approval ot the
Speaker of the House.
Mr. KELLEY. I object to that amend-
ment, for this reason: that the contract pro-
vides that the reporters shall be appointed for
the House with the approval of the Commit-
tee on Printing of the House, and tor the Sen-
ate, with the approval of the Committee on
Printing ot the Senate.
Mr. BANKS. The appointment of report-
ers for the House should be approved by the
Speaker of the House. This concerns the
privileges of the House. It is a matter of
vital importance to all members of the House
that we shall have some control over the
official reports of the proceedings or the per-
sons who are here to make them. I hope
there will be no objection to a vote being
taken on this question. What I propose is in
accordance with the precedents of the House
heretofore.
Mr. KELLEY. I withdraw my objection
to admit that amendment.
Mr. SrPEER, of Pennsylvania. I object.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to understand
precisely what would be the effect of that
amendment if adopted. Would it take the
confirmation of these appointments away from
the joint Committee on Printing and give it
to the Speaker?
Mr. KELLEY. It does not belong to the
joint committee; but, as regards the House
reporters, to the Committee on Printing for
the House, and, as regards the Senate report-
ers, to the Committee on Printing of the Sen-
ate, each House regulating the matter for
itself.
Mr. BANKS. If we cannot have a vote on
this amendment we must oppose the bill. It is
impossible for us to consent that we shall allow
strangers to come in here and give official rec-
ords of the proceedings without having any
control over them. It would be a violation ot
the dearest piivileges of the House, and can-
not be submitted to on any account whatever.
Men may come in here from the southern
States to report our proceedings, and will thus
be in a position to misrepresent the character
of the House and of any member of it, by
the record of his votes and the report or his
speeches. To give up to strangers the power
to control the official reports ot our proceed-
ings in that way should not be permitted. In
this'remark I of course make no allusion to
the intelligent and worthy reporters now
intrusted with this duty. They are in all
respects entitled to our confidence. It is not
long since they appealed to^ this House lor
protection in the positions they occupy. If
the amendment is not admitted we must
oppose the bill at every stage.
Mr. KELLEY. This is simply a question
whether the Committee on Printing or the
Speaker shall confirm these appointments.
For myself, I have no objection to admitting
the amendment, that there may be a vote of
the House upon it. I am willing, also, that
there should be a vote of the House on the
substitute of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Beatty.]
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Speer] insist on his objec-
tion to admitting the amendment of thegen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks ?J
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I do.
Mr. BANKS. For the purpose of enabling
me to offer my amendment, 1 move to recon-
sider the vote by which the main question was
ordered on the third reading of the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the vote was
reconsidered.
Mr. BANKS. I now offer my amendment,
and demand the previous question.
Mr. KELLEY. I agree, also, that the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Ambler,] and the substitute of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Beatty,] shall be admitted
as pending.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which was fiist on the
amendment offered by Mr. Banks.
The question being put, there were ayes
85, noes 56.
Mr. CONNER. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. KELLEY. I hope that demand will
not be insisted upon. This is not an import-
ant point, and 1 hope time will not be occu-
pied by calling the yeas and nays on it.
Mr. CONNER. I withdraw the demand
for the yeas and nays.
So the amendment of Mr. Banks was agreed
to. ,
The SPEAKER. The amendment having
been agreed to, the Chair desires now to say
that had it not been agreed to, every irrespons-
ible reporter would have been under the con-
trol of the Chair, while the responsible report-
ers would have been left absolutely without
any control or protection. It has always been
the usage of the House from the foundation ot
the Government that the official reporters were
under the direction of the Speaker. The Chair
did not deem it proper to say anything while
the amendment was pending, but had the amend-
ment not been agreed to, the irresponsible re-
porters (by which the Chair means those having
no official connection with the House) would
have been subject to direction of the Chair,
while the Chair would have been excluded
from anv control over the official reporters.
Mr. BANKS. The Chair is right in that
declaration. ,
The question was upon Mr. Ambler s
amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. I am willing to accept that
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to accept it.
The question was taken on Mr. Ambler's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the substitute
offered by Mr. Beatty, which was read, as
follows:
McCrary, McG-rew, Merriam. Monroe, Morey. Orr.
Isaac C. Parker, Peck. Pendleton, Perce, Aaron Jf.
Perry, Piatt, Edward Y. Kice, Ellis H. Roberts, Sar-
gent, Sawyer. Scotield, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon,
Shoemaker. John A. Smith, Sprague, Stevenson,
Stowell, Sutherland,'Washington Townsend, Turner,
Tyner, Upson, Wakewan, Wells, Wheeler, Willard,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Averill, Barnum. Beck, Bigby, Biggs, Bingham,
Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton, Brignfc, George M,
Brooks, Buckley, Buffintou, Caldwell, Campbell,
Cobb, Conger, Conner. Cox,Creely, Critcher, Crocker,
Crossland, Davis, Dickey, Box, Duke, Bunnell,
Eames, Eldredge, Porker, Henry D. Foster, Frye,
Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Baldeman, Hale, Hancock,
Handley, Hanks, Harmer, John T. Harris, John W.
Hazelton, Herndon, Hoar, Holman, Hooper, Hough-
ton, Kellcv, Kellogg, Kendall, Kerr, Kins. Leach,
Lewis, Manson, McClelland, McHenry, Mclntyre,
McJunkin, McKinney, Mitchell, Morgan, Leonard
Myers, Nocrloy, Niblack, Packard, Packer, Palmer,
Hosea W. Parker, Eli Perry, Peters, Poland, Potter,
Randall, William II. Roberts, Rogers, Seeley, Sher-
wood, Shober, Slater, Sloeum, Sloss, Snyder, II.
Milton Speer, Storm, Stoughton, Swann, laffe,
Terry, Tuthill, Van Trump, waddell, W aid on, Wal~
dron, Warren, Whiteiey, WhiUhorne, Williams of
Indiana, Williams of New York, Winchester, and
Wood—107. ^ ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barry, Bell, Boles, James
Brooks. Roderick R. Butler, Carroll, William T.
Clark, "Freeman Clarke. Coraingo, Dawes, De Large,
Du Rose, Duel!, Elliott, Ely, Farwell. Garfield, Good-
rich, Griffith, Hambleton, Harper, Gerry W. Hazel-
ton, Hereford, Hill, Kinsclhi. Lamison, Lamport,
Lansing, Lynch, Marshall, Mckcc, McNeely, Mer-
cur, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Moore, Morphis,
Porter, Price, Priodle, Rainey, Read, John M. Rice,
Ritchie, Robinson, Roosevelt, Rusk, Shellabarger,
1£. Boardman Smith. Wortbington C. Smith, bnapp,
Thomas J. Speer, Starkweather, Steven?, Strong,
St. John, Sypher, Thomas, Dwight Townsend,
Twichell, Vaughan, Voorhees, \\ allaee, Walls, ana
Young—65.
So the substitute was disagreed to.
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert:
There is hereby appropriated the sum ot $-50,000 to
be paid to the publishers of the Congressional
ffiobe on account of the publication thereof during
the Eo?ty-Second Congress: Provided, That no per-
son shall be employed as a reporter for the House
without the approval of the Spoaker of the House.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 49, noes b6.
Mr. COBURN called for the yeas and nays.
The Question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 68, nays 107, not voting
65 ; as follows: '
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Banks, Barber,
Beatty, Beveridge, Austin Blair, Burehard, Burdett,
Beniamin 1?. Butler, Coburn, Cognlan, Cotton,
CrebfDarrall, Donnan, Earnsworth, Fmkelnburg,
Vilder'D. Foster,
E. Harris, Havens, Hawley. Hay, Hays, Hiooara,
Ketcham, Killinger, Lowe, Maynard, Mccormick,
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to a
third reading; and it was accordingly read the
third time.
Mr. KELLEY. I move the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill. .
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. KELLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolutionwhich was read and
referred to the Committee on the Rules :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Rules be
directed to consider and report a rule restricting
the publication of debates in the Globe to
actually occurring, and forbidding the publication
ol memorials and other incumbrances which tend
to increase the volume of the Globe reports.
correction of journal.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a personal ex-
planation. On the motion made on yesterday
by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
to suspend the rules and pass the resolution
offered by him in regard to the surplus in the
Treasury, I voted in the affirmative. I find
that my name is not entered ia the Journal as
so voting. . ,
The SPEAKER. The correction of the
Journal will be made.
order of jsusiness.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I cnll for the
regular order of business. .
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour will now begin at
eighteen minutes before two o'clock. Ihe first
business in order is the calling of committees
for reports, the call resting with the Committee
of Claims.
WILLTAM HOWARD.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill (H. h. No. -027) for
the relief of William Howard ; which was read
a fiist and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, requires the sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay or cause to be
paid to William Howard, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
