1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
cbanic by the Government, I think certainly
ought not to be passed until we do know whether
it is sweeping or not. I ask to have it lie on the
table until we have committees.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas objects to the present consideration of
the joint resolution, which removes it from the
consideration of the Senate at this time.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will withdraw
his objection 
Mr. POMEROY. I withdraw it if the Sen-
ator wishes to make any remarks.
Mr. WILSON. Of course if any Senator
objects we cannot close the matter this morn-
ing, though I had hoped we should do so. Now,
I will simply say to the Senator from Kansas
that I believe this bill covers but a small sum.
But 110 matter what may be the amount of the
sum that it covers, it is to right a wrong and
to carry out the law. We passed an act mak-
ing eight hours a day's work. In some of the
Government establishments, especially I think
at Springfield, Massachusetts, and at one or
two other places, the officers reduced the pay
of the men. They protested against it. They
appealed to the War Department for a con-
struction of the law. That construction was
made by the President, fixing eight hours as a
day's work, in May, I860, thereby construing
the law as it was intended when it was passed
by Congress; and this is simply to carry out
the law as it was originally intended, and it
matters not whether it costs $1,000 or $10,000
to do it; it is to do what is fair and right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Kansas to object
to the further consideration of the joint reso-
lution at this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before it passes from
the consideration of the Senate, I wish to pro-
pose an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ Does the Sena-
tor from Kansas withdraw his objection tem-
porarily?
Mr. POMEROY. I withdraw the objection
for the present. I do not want to object to
this bill at all. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts would report from his committee what
he has said to the Senate, it would be inform-
ation that we could rely upon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the bill:
And that the act entitled "An act constituting
eight hours a day's work for ail laborers, workmen,
and mechanics employed by and on behalf of the Gov-
ernment of the United States," approved June 25,
1868, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, Mr. President, let
both propositions be laid on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objects to the further consider-
ation of the joint resolution at this time, and
it will be ordered to be printed with the amend-
ment and placed on the Calendar. [After a
pause.] There appears to be no other busi-
ness before the Senate. The regular order of
business has been gone through with.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at twelve
o'clock and forty-eight minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 5, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
correspondence cakds.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 455) authorizing the
Postmaster General to issue one cent corre-
spondence or post cards; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
public building in st. louis, missouri.
Mr. WELLS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 456) appropriating
money for the purchase of a suitable site in the
city of St. Louis, Missouri, for the erection of
a building to be used for a custoin-house, post
office, and other Federal offices; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
0RDBR OP BUSINESS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the reg-
ular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour now begins.
Reports are in order from the Committee of
Elections.
No reports from the Committee of Elec-
tions were presented.
codification of postal laws.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am directed by
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads to report hack, with a recommendation
that it pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1) to revise,
consolidate, and amend the statutes relating
to the Post Office Department. Tt is not
necessary, I presume, that this bill should be
read in extenso, or that any extended explana-
tion should be made of its provisions. It is
the same bill which was passed by the last
House of Representatives, after having been
very thoroughly considered by two committees
of the House, in conjunction with a commis-
sion of experts—gentlemen learned in the
post office laws—appointed by the Postmaster
General. It is simply a codification of the
postal laws, with a few corrections, additions,
and amendments, not generally of import-
ance, but necessary to make the legislation
on this subject clear and harmonious. Our
postal laws have never been codified, I be-
lieve, since the organization of the Depart-
ment. They run through a great many stat-
utes. Many of the acts have become obsolete ;
others are contradictory, or difficult of con-
struction. I ask the consent of the House
that the reading of the bill may be dispensed
with.
Mr. WOOD. We cannot vote intelligently
upon the bill until we have heard it read.
There are members of the present House
who were not in'the last Congress, and who,
I think, desire to have the bill read.
The SPEAKER. The reading of the bill
cannot be dispensed with except by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. WOOD. Well, sir, I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My only objection
to the reading is that it will consume a great
deal of time.
Mr. WOOD. I think it ought to be read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well; let it be
read.
The SPEAKER. The bill has already
been read a first and second time; the ques-
tion is now on ordering it to be engrossed for
a third reading. The Clerk will read the bill
in detail.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is the bill read at this
time for amendments ?
The SPEAKER. It will be open to amend-
ments after the reading is concluded. It
could not be considered by sections without
unanimous consent. When the reading of
the bill is finished, any part of it will be sub-
ject to amendment.
The bill (embracing three hundred and
twenty-three sections) was partly read, when
Mr.' FARNSWORTH said: It would expe-
dite business very much if the Clerk could be
allowed to read merely the changes which the
bill proposes to make in (he existing law.
There is at the Clerk's desk a bill in which
the amendments to the existing law are indi-
cated by italics. Those amendments might be
read without reading all the provisions of the
existing law
The SPEAKER. That could be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think it would be better
to fix some day, not very distant, when we
shall take up this bill; and meanwhile we can
look it over and learn more about it than we
can from its reading at this time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I know of no better
day to go 011 with this business than to-day. -
Mr. MAYNARD. Then let us have the bill
read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does the gentleman
desire that all the provisions of the existing
postal laws shall be read?
Mr. MAYNARD. Yes, sir; I desire that
the whole bill shall be read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well.
The SPEAKER. The bill now stands in
the morning hour, and must remain there
unless some other disposition be made of it.
The Clerk will continue the reading.
The reading of the bill was resumed, and
continued until the expiration of the morning
hour.
naval pension-roll.
Mr. DAWES. The morning hour having
expired, I now move that the House resolve
itself into the Gommittee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the annual message of
the President of the United States.
Mr. ARCHER. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me for the purpose
of introducing a bilf and asking that it be put
on its passage. It is for the relief of two
widows of men who served in-the Navy.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield if it does not
take up too much time.
Mr. ARCHER. I will say that it had the
unanimous consent of the Committee on Naval
Affairs at the last session, and was unani-
mously passed by the House, but failed in the
Senate. I ask unanimous consent to intro-
duce a bill (H. R. No. 457) to place on the
naval pension-roll the names of the widows
and minor children of Newton H. Adams and
John Rudenstein.
There was no objection, and the bill was
received, and read a first and second time.
Mr. WILLARD. Let it be referred.
The SPEAKER. The bill is before the
House, subject to whatever action the House
may order.
■ Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
bill be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
president's annual message.
Mr. DAWES. I renew the motion that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the an-
nual message of the President of the United
States.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wheeler in the chair.)
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following resolu-
tions.
The Clerk read as follows:
Pn-solved, That so much of the annual message of
the Presidentof theUnitedStatesto the two Houses,
of Congress at the present session, together with the
accompanying documents, as relates to the finances
and taxation, to the receipts into the Treasury, to
the reduction of internal taxes, the readjustment ot
the tariff, and the revisionot any of the laws relat-
ing thereto, to questions of reciprocity between the
Canadas and the United States, to the public debt
and public credit, and to the ways and means ot sup-
porting and meeting the liabilities of the Uovcrn-
meut, he referred to the Committee of Mays and
^liesolved. That so muchof said message and docu-
ments as relates to the necessary appropriations lor
carrying on the government in its several depart-
ments, and to deficiencies iu the appropriations, be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Beivhe d. That so muchof said message and docu-
ments as relates to bauksand banking and currency,
be referred to the Committee oil Banking and Cur-
^Itesolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as. relates to commerce and navigation, oe
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
llesoteed, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the public domain, be relerrea
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
