1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2703
The SPEAKER. That point of order is
not one upon which the Chair can rule, be-
cause it is entirely within the control of the
House. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
_ Wheeler] caiis the previous question. If the
' House desires to entertain amendments they
can refuse to second the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WHEELER. I said that I would hear
the amendments that gentlemen may desire to
offer.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have another amend-
ment which perhaps the gentleman will allow
to come in. I desire to move to insert after
the words " shall be deemed just and equit-
able," in the first section of the proposed sub-
stitute, the words "notless than §50,000."
Mr. WHEELER. That proposition is now
before the House in an amendment proposed
to the original bill.
Mr. HOLMAN". Is it in the substitute?
Mr. WHEELER. It is not.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
allow that amendment to be moved to the sub-
stitute.
Mr. WHEELER. I cannot permit such an
amendment to be offered.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I hope the House
will vote down the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to move an amend-
ment to show our confidence in the President
of the United Stales. I desire to move to
amend the first section of the proposed substi-
tute by inserting after the words "which
amount," the words "when the award shall
have been approved by the President of the
United States." I think there can be no
objection to that amendment.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 have no objection to it.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman allow
the addition of the words "and by Con-
gress ?''
Mr. WHEELER. No, sir.
The amendment to the substitute was
agreed to.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
move an amendment.
Mr. WHEELER. I yield to the gentleman
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Games,] who has an
amendment which he wishes to offer. I will
hear his amendment read.
Mr. EAMBS. I move to amend the first
section of the proposed substitute by striking
out the words "and to take into account as
well any benefits or any injury which may
accrue to the Government of the United States
from the execution of this act," and insert-
ing in place thereof the words "ofthetrue and
just value for the uses for the purposes afore-
said of the one half of said island." Also to
strike out'the words " as in their judgment, or
in the judgment of a majority of them, shall
be deemed just and equitable," and insert
the words "ascertain as aforesaid." If so
amended, that portion of the section will read
as follows:
Provided, That within one month from the pas-
sage of this act the President of the United States
shall appoint three commissioners, who shall be
authorized, at the expense of the Central Pacific
Railroad Company, to examine said island, to hear
allegations and proofs of the true and just value for
the uses and for the purposes aforesaid of the one half
of said island; and within three months from their
appointment said commissioners, or a majority of
them, shall award such sum for the use of said half
of said island, as granted by this act, ascertained as
aforesaid, &e.
Mr. WHEELER. I decline to admit that
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wheeler] to this fact: I hold in my hand the
manuscript report of the stenographer of what
occurred, and which I desire to read.
Mr. WHEELER. That question has been
decided already.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
I insist that where there is a unanimous under-
standing as to what the action of the House
shall be it must be followed strictly. When the
previous question was called upon the motion
to reconsider the following occurred 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will see
at once that there was no unanimous consent
given in this case; there was a division, which
division was emphasized by the yeas and nays.
This is not a case where the Chair can enforce
the unanimous consent of the House. Where
a gentleman obtains the unanimous consent of
the House to do a certain thing upon certain
conditions, then it is the duty of the Chair to
enforce those conditions. But where there has
been a division upon a question, which division
has been emphasized by the yeas and nays, the
gentleman will see at once that the Chair could
not rule that the gentleman from New York
must conduct this bill in a certain way. And
the gentleman will further observe that should
a majority of the House not second the demand
for the previous question the bill will then be
open for amendment in the widest latitude.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman said that
the bill would be open to amendments.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
propose an amendment.
Mr. WHEELER. I will hear it.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. * I desire to
move to insert after the words "shall appoint
three commissioners," in the first section of
the proposed substitute, the words "none of
whom shall be interested directly or indirectly
in said company." Also in the same section,
after the words "who shall be authorized at
the expense of the Central Pacific Railroad
Company," insert the words "after being duly
sworn or affirmed faithfully to perform their
duties."
Mr. WHEELER. I will not be a party to
casting any such imputation upon the Presi-
dent of the United States.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. That is a
very dignified way of evading an honest amend-
ment.
Mr. WHEELER. I have no objection to
the last part of the amendment, which requires
these commissioners to be sworn.
Mr. BINGHAM. The other can do no
harm.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. There is no
reflection upon the President. It is only to
put him upon inquiry as to the men who may
be recommended to him.
Mr. HOAR. I suggest that the word "dis-
interested" be inserted before the word "com-
missioners."
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I accept
that.
Mr. WHEELER. I have no objection to
that, nor have I any objection to requiring the
commissioners, when taking their,official oath,
to swear that they have no interest in this rail-
road.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to un-
derstand what is agreed upon between gentle-
men.
Mr. WHEELER. I assent to the amend-
ment providing that these commissioners shall
be sworn, and that in the oath which they are
to take for the faithful performance of their
duties they shall swear that they have no
interest in this corporation.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
that amendment will be incorporated in the
bill. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to offer
an amendment, to insert at the end of the first
section the following:
And when notified by the President of the Uni-
ted States to remove any_ or all of their buildings
and improvements, the said company, its successors,
and assigns, shall do so without any expense or
charge to the United States; and in case of refusal
or neglect to do so the said buildings and improve-
ments may be removed by the United States at the
expense of said company, its successors and assigns:
And be it further provided, That if the half of the
island selected as aforesaid shall contain any build-
ings or other improvements erected by the United
the said company shall pay to the United
States the cost of the same before occupying said
lands, the said sum to be determined and' collected
by the Secretary of War.
Mr. WHEELER. As to the first proposi-
tion it is unnecessary, because the substitute
provides that Congress may at any time alter,
repeal, or modify this act. As to the second
proposition, I cannot assent to it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The amend-
ment simply provides that the company shall
not have a claim against the United States for
the cost of removing their buildings, &c., when
required by the Government.
Mr. WHEELER. I decline to admit the
amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the
House, by voting down the previous question,
will ailow that amendment to be offered and
adopted.
Mr. MAYNARD. Has the gentleman from
New York considered the propriety of amend-
ing the substitute by striking out the words
" at the expense of the Central Pacific Rail-
road Company" in the following proviso of
the first section ?
Provided, That within one month from the passage
of this act, the President of the United States shall
appoint three commissioners, who shall be au-
thorized, at the expense of the Central Pacific Rail-
road Company, to examine said island, to hear alle-
gations and proofs, and to take into account as well
any benefits or any injury which may accrue to the
Government of the United States from the execu-
tion of this act.
Mr. WHEELER. As to that proposition
I will say 
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to debate unless
we are allowed to offer amendments.
The SPEAKER. Debate is objected to.
The question is on seconding the demand for
the previous question. The Chair will order
tellers in order to save time, as they will un-
doubtedly be demanded. The gentleman from
New York, Mr. Wheeler, and the gentleman
from Indiana, Mr. Holmas, will act as tellers.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 86, noes 66.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. HOLMAN. In order to give time for
reflection, I move that the House now adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. I suggest that the amend-
ments be printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest
to the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hoi,man]
that by an order of the House adopted last
week, sessions have been fixed for this even-
ing and to-morrow evening, to consider reports
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. HOLMAN. I modify my motion and
move that the House now take a recess until
half past seven o'clock.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Holman, there were—ayes 51, noes 81.
Mr. COX called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cox and Mr.
Wheeler were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 46, noes 77.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As a recess is to be
taken til! half past seven o'clock this even-
ing, and as it is now four o'clock, we might as
well take the recess now as after spending
time in calling the roll. I suggest that by
Unanimous consent the recess be taken now.
Mr. WHEELER. I have no objection.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The only ob-
jection is that it cuts into the business of
another day. I hope gentlemen will let us
get on with the public business.
Mr. RANDALL. It is plunging deeper
into the coffers of the Government whenever
we pass this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I agree with
the gentleman as to that.
There being no objection, the House (at
four o'clock and five minutes p. in.) took a
recess till half past seven o'clock p. m.
