1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
question under the municipal law of the Uni-
ted States, in other words, under our statute of
naturalization. We all know in that statute
there is the word "white." So long as that
word remains in the statute the Chinaman and
the Japanese cannot be naturalized. Strike
that word out, and each can be naturalized.
There is nothing within this treaty to interfere
with it; there is nothing anywhere to inter-
fere with it. The Chinaman or the Japanese
will then stand in the same condition with the
Frenchman, the Englishman, and the German;
in other words, he will be a man, and by his
manhood entitled to the citizenship of this
country, provided he complies with the con-
ditions. That is the whole case.
Mr. NYE. Not quite the whole case. My
friend from Massachusetts is entirely familiar
with all the treaties existing with all other
countries. He is an encyclopedia on that
subject. I should like to ask him if he ever
saw that provision in any other treaty?
Mr. SUMNER. It is not in any other.
Mr. NYE. If it was contained in no other,
what was it put in here for if it did not mean
something? I recollect sir, as distinctly as
my friend from Massachusetts, the conditions
under which that treaty was made. I recol-
lect, a conversation with Mr. Burlingame him-
self, wherein he was told, by a sufficient num-
ber at any rate to awaken his attention, that
that treaty could not be ratified unless it con-
tained such a provision, for he knew as well
as I knew what a rampant state the Pacific
coast was in with regard to the tide of Chinese
thatwas setting in there. In order to prevent
that, in order to take it out of the mouth of
anybody to say that it was intended to open
the flood-gates of citizenship, this provision
was inserted in the treaty. It means some-
thing or it means nothing. The honorable
Senator from Massachusetts cannot fail to
remember that that was the very thing upon
which that treaty threatened to split, and so
that language was put in. It was either cal-
culated to deceive us who acted upon it, or it
had the effect of lulling us so that we did not
see the danger. Nobody supposes that the
honorable Senator would put a provision in a
treaty which he did not intend to be operative.
1 am as fond of seeing men men as my friend
from Massachusetts. 1 have stood by him,
and have lighted my youthful taper at his full,
glowing lamp upon that theory, and have grown
up to respectable strength under his tutelage,
and I am not going to have it said here and
everywhere that he is the only man who wants
to make men men. While I want to make
men men, I do not want to unmake men. I
tell you the Chinese entered into this arrange-
ment with a full understanding of it, and it
is their treaty stipulation that it shall be no
cause of offense it they are not made citizens.
I repeat, when the time shall come that they
have forgotten to be heathens or pagans, and
have learned to be American, when they put
away the bitter draughts which they have been
for centuries drinking, and desire to drink at
the pure fountain of American liberty, I will
join my friend in any effort to make them citi-
zens of the United States; but, until then, I
hope they will not be thrust, in upon us in a
way that is at least not palatable.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator asks why this
clause was introduced. I can tell him.
.Mr. NYE. I remember itas well as you do.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well ; but the text is
something. The clause which the Senator reads
and on which he relies is the last, sentence of
article six. Now, to understand this last sen-
tence, you must, know the whole article:
"Citizens of the Umti'd States visiting or rending
in China shall enjoy the same privileges, immuni-
ties, or exemptions in respect to travel or residence
a SI may there be enjoyed by the citizens or subjects
of the most fnvored nation,_and, reeiprooaliy, Chi-
nese subjects visiting or residing in the united States
shall enjoy the same privileges, immunities, and ex-
emptions ill respect to travel or residence «s ni«y
there be enjoyed by the citizens or subjects ot the
most favored nation."
Now, we know that an Englishman or a
Frenchman or a German coming here may be
naturalized under our law, and it was feared
that under these words which I have now read
a Chinaman coming here might claim the same
privilege or immunity, using the very language
of the treaty. To counteract that conclusion
the following sentence was added:
" But nothing herein contained shall be held to
confer naturalization upon citizens of the United
States in China, nor upon the subjects of China in
the United States."
Simply to exclude the idea that by this treaty
any right of citizenship was conferred upon a
Chinaman ; but it left the whole question open
to our national legislation, and the gates will
be unbarred if we simply strike out the word
"white." Then, any person coming from any
country, who complies with the other requi-
sites of our naturalization law, may become
an American citizen.
Mr. NYE. I desire to ask the honorable
Senator a single question. I ask him if in
all other treaties that section does not stop
with the words "enjoyed by the citizens or
subjects of the most favored nation?" That
is the phrase uniformly used between Govern-
ments where treaties are made.
Mr. .SUMNER. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYE. I state again to the Senate that
the apprehension which was felt in this coun-
try was allayed by this clause, expressly agreed
upon between the two high contracting parties,
that nothing in the treaty should entitle them
to naturalization.
Mr. CARPENTER. By virtue of the treaty.
Mr. NYE. By virtue of the treaty, by vir-
tue of that provision.
Mr. SUMNER. It does not.
Mr. NYE. Now, if that is the contract
between the two parties, and neither party
has asked to have it annulled, I submit the
question again, whether the legislative power
of this country can "annul it in any way. I
claim that they cannot. Nothing short of the
parties who made that contract and agreement
can undo it. We have heard this morning of
an apprehension about another contract that
was likely to be abrogated, and my friend from
Vermont [Mr. Edmonds] caught fire like a
tinder box about it. Here is a contract be-
tween the United States and China, and by
that contract I'ask Senators to stand.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I shall vote for
the amendment, for these reasons: this is a bill
conferring rights on citizens, and it reaches
the whole subject; it is not a bill to create
citizens.
Mr. NYE. There is not a Chinese a citizen
of this country.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I say I shall
vote for the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from California, which strikes out the
word "person" and substitutes ** citizen,"
and strkes out from all the statutes the word
"white" as applicable to citizens. The object
of this bill is to give rights to citizens ; it is not
to make citizens. The bill as it stands is not
harmonious. This subject of creating citi
zens is a subject that we ought to take up by
itself. It is of sufficient importance to be
carefully considered and acted upon by the
Senate,"atfd not in this incidental way open
the gates to all the world.
Beside?, I suggest to the friends of this bill
that they are putting an element in it which,
if it is proper to aftude to it here or in the
other House, will greatly imperil the whole
measure. Everybody who entertains the views
of the Senator from Nevada or the Senatortrom
California will, of course, be opposed to the
bill. Let that measure stand on its own mer-
its, and let. this stand on its own merits. I
understood the Senator from Massachusetts
the other day to be impressed by this view of
the subject, and to be willing that this section
should be withdrawn, but the section was
introduced again by the Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Harlak.] I think it a great deal better
that we should adopt the amendment of the
Senator from California. The bill will be the
stronger for it. •
Mr. CARPENTER. The amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from California of course
strikes out the section practically. ■ The sec-
tion is aimed at the naturalization laws. If
you strike out '* person " and insert " citizen,"
then of course it does not affect those laws at
all, but leaves them precisely as they are. I
shall vote against that amendment, because'!
wish to amend our naturalization law in that
particular. I always have wished to amend it
since it was passed, and voted against the dis-
tinction and discrimination when it went into
the bill.
The Senator from Nevada refers to the treaty
with China. Nothing can be plainer than the
legal effect of that treaty. By virtue of it no
Chinaman can claim to be naturalized here,
nor an American in China. Suppose we pass
a law to-day conferring certain powers and say
"nothing inthisaet shall be construed to grant
certain other powers," does that tie our hands
from granting those powers in a separate law
next year or to-morrow? The Senator says it
will be no cause of offense to China under this
treaty if we refuse to naturalize their subjects.
That is so undoubtedly. We are not making
a treaty, nor violating one. We are passing
upon a principle of domestic law; that is, of
our own nationality, and if we choose to
reform our policy on this subject and put it on
a proper foundation, that treaty certainly has
not lied our hands on the subject.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, it is so seldom
that the honorable Senator from Wisconsin
and the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts agree on any subject, as they appear to
do on this, that I begin to be staggered on my
own convictions. But I ask the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts if it was intended
as a trick when he put that provision in this
treaty? I cannot think it possible that my
friend from Massachusetts, a man who has
never done anything but held the standard
of integrity so high that he wonders all the
rest of the world cannot reach it, intended to
play a trick upon us by this provision of the
treaty. So apprehensive were I and others
who acted with me on that subject, that we
made the contracting Power on the other side
agree that this should not be done; and now
we are told it does not mean anything. My
friend from Massachusetts solves it in a
minute. He says it does not mean anything.
I hope, sir, that the amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. CORBETT. It is said that this amend-
ment will make entirely ineffectual the provis-
ions of this section. 1 do not regard it so.
The section, as amended, will read:
That every discrimination against anyt person on
aecouut of color by tbe use of tbeword* white hi
any law, statute, ordinance, or. regulation,is hereby
repealed and annulled.
There may be laws, statutes, or ordinances
in some of the southern States in reference
to the colored population that this act of Con-
gress may override, and it may be important
; for that reason, so as to give the protection
ji of the laws of the United States to all the
i citizens of this country, to pass the section as
ji amended. I think, therefore, the section may
ij be of some importance. But where the laws
11 are not extended to a race for the purpose of
ij naturaliz ition, the intent of the amendment
'i of the Senator from California is to prevent
l| that race from being natui alized.
jj I have alluded to the subject before, but I
l! wish to state again that 1 believe the Chinese
;1 population are not prepared to he naturalize!
1; in this country, that they not sufficiently
H understand the institutions of the country, so
as to enable them properly to judge of-oar
legislation and our Jaws and to act with <iis-
cretion and judgment in voting. _ They come
to this country, not with the intenttonof becom-
ing citizens, not with a view of being Amen-
