16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the Post Office Department, to
land or ocean mail service, be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the courts and the judiciary, to
a partial or general amnesty, be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the public expenditures, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Expenditures.
Resolved, That so muoh of said message and docu-
ments as relates to agriculture and the Department
of Agriculture, be referred to the Committee on
Agriculture.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to Indian affairs, be referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the Army of the United States,
and to sea-coast improvements, be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Resolved. That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the Navy of the United States,
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and the
accompanying documents and correspondence^
relates to foreign affairs, and all questions arising
from treaties with otherGovernments.be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the Territories of the United
States, be referred to the Committee on Territories.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to pensions and the Pension bureau,
be referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to patents and the Patent Office,
be referred to the Committee on Patents.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to expenditures in connection with
the State Department, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Expenditures in the State Department.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to expenditures in connection with
the Treasury Department, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Expenditures in the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the expenditures in connection
with the War Department, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Expenditures in the War Department.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the expenditures in connection
with the Navy Department, be referred to tbe Com-
mittee on Expenditures in the Navy Department.
Resolved, That so muehofsaid message and docu-
ments as relates to expenditures in connection with
the Post Office Department, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Expenditures in the Post Office Depart-
ment.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to expenditures in connection with
the Department of the Interior, be referred to the
Committee on Expenditures in the Interior Depart-
ment.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the militia, be referred to the<
Committee on the Militia.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to roads and canals, be referred to
the Committee on Railways and Canals.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the Territory of the District of
Colurnbia.be referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to coinage, weights and measures,
be referred to the Committee on Coins, Weights and
Measures.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to insurrection in some of the States,
be referred to the joint Committee on the Insurrec-
tionary States.
Resolved, That so much of the said message and
documents as relates to the Bureau of Education, be
referred to the Committee on Education and Labor.
Resolved, That so much of the said message a.nd
documents as relates to a reform in the civil service
ot the country, be referred to a select committee of
nine members, to be called the committee on the
reorganization of thecivii service of the Government.
4 Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the public buildings and the
buildings and grounds in the District of Columbia,
be referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to aunion of the telegraphic system
of the country with the postal service of the Govern-
ment, and all other questions relating to land or
ocean telegraphs, bo referred to a special committee
of nine members.
_ Mr. DAWES. I move that the committee
rise and report these resolutions to the House
with the recommendation that they be adopted.
Mr. WOOD. Before the motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is
put to the committee, I desire to ask whether
there is really any such committee as the
Committee on the Insurrectionary, States;
whether there is any standing committee of
(his House so called? The gentleman pro-
poses, in one of the resolutions which have
been read, to refer a portion of the President's
message to what he is pleased to call the Com-
mittee on the Insurrectionary States. I deny
that there are any insurrectionary States, or
that there is any such committee of this
House.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] and myself need scarcely
discuss this question of fact. There is a com-
mittee known by the nanae of the Committee
on the Insurrectionary States, and that com-
mittee was raised for the purpose of consider-
ing the subjects which it is proposed to refer
to the committee.
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will permit me, I will say that we had
in the last Congress a committee on recon-
struction ; that several efforts were made by
the distinguished colleague of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, the late chairman of the
committee, to revive that committee in this
Congress, aud that on every occasion this
House voted down the proposition to revive
the committee on reconstruction. And when
the other committee to which I have referred
was first moved here, it was for a temporary
purpose, to go into the southern States to act
in conjunction with a committee of the Senate,
and to do certain things. In my judgment,
that committee, when it reports to this House,
has performed all the duties this House dele-
gated to it, and has 110 further function. There-
fore I am opposed to reviving that commit-
tee for this session in this surreptitious man-
ner.
Mr. DAWES. There are various answers
to the gentleman from New York; and the
first is that he seems to have forgotten that
the resolution under which the committee
was raised by its terms continued it during
the present Congress. And if that were not
so, the gentleman should remember that yester-
day certain measures were referred to that com-
mittee, and that the House by that act revived
the committee if it had expired, as the gentle-
man seems to think it did. The committee,
by the terms of the resolution appointing it,
was to continue beyond the last session, and,
if it were not, it was revived by a vote of the
House yesterday, and is now in existence.
It was fondly anticipated by all lovers of
peace and good order, I doubt not, that the
committee would be able to discover some
remedy for existing evils. The evils seem,
however, to continue to exist, in spite of the
best efforts of that committee, certainly to
such an extent that all lovers of good order
will desire that it may have au opportunity
to report to the House. I do not see any view
the gentleman can take of it which will not
bring the committee standing right up before
his eyes as a committee existing.
Mr. WOOD. I suppose, Mr. Chairman,
from this declaration on the part of the leader
of the House, that we are to assume here upon
this side that the gentlemen on the other side
of the House intend to keep in existence this
committee, formed ostensibly for the purposes
of preserving order, but really and in fact for
the purpose of promoting disorder. Sir, we
have no recourse here except to do our duty
to our constituencies and to the whole country;
and I will say to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts that we on this side will go as far as
he will, or as any members of his party will,
and much further than this Administration has
gone, in the preservation of the public order
in the southern States as well as in other
sections of the Union.
Now, sir, I only desire here personally for
myself, without consultation with any one, to
enter my protest against the permanent con-
tinuance of a committee which is not only
useless, but is promotive of disorder and of
distraction throughout this couutry.
Mr. DAWES. It is entirely, as the gentle-
man from New York knows, beyond the power
of this committee to discharge that committee
from the consideration of the matters already
committed to it. But I am happy to hear the
gentleman announce to the House and the
country that he proposes hereafter to cooper-
ate with us in all good measures for the res-
toration of peace and order. I think the coun-
try will hail that declaration on his part with
joy, and I think that hereafter the reign of
peace and order is nigh at hand. I hope the
ge ntleman, therefore, will be reconciled to this
resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would remind the
gentleman from Massachusetts that the reso-
lution creating the committee referred to, by
its terms authorizes the committee to report
at the then next session, the present session
of Congress, or any subsequent session. By
its terms, therefore, it continues the commit-
tee to this present session, or, if the com-
mittee shall find it necessary, to any sub-
sequent session of this Congress. I make
this remark in order that the statement shall
not go out unchallenged that this is a side
wind to continue a committee which has
already discharged its functions, and which
ought to be dissolved. It is possible that
when the report of the committee shall be
made, and the facts gathered by it this sum-
mer shall have been brought before the House,
the House may see the importance not merely
of their past work, but of their continuing to
prosecute the same general line of investi-
gation that they have done.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to direct the
attention ofthe gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] tooneclause in these resolutions
which proposes to establish a special commit-
tee upon postal telegraphy. I am not certain
whether that subject would be properly re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce or the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
but I am aware that there is a proposition to
be submitted to the House and to the Congress
of the United States looking to the purchase of
the telegraphic lines of this eountry, and that
the owners of those telegraphic lines estimate
the cost to the Government at $35,000,000, or
thereabout. I have seen during my service
here the evil effect of creating special com-
mittees to consider such subjects. I remem-
ber, sir, when the first Pacific Railroad Com-
mittee was established, that the then Speaker
of the House made up that committee in the
interests of all the railroads in the country,
made up a committee prepared to give all the
lands of the nation away ; and I think, sir,
that this subject, involving as it will an expend-
iture of $35,000,000 perhaps, should take the
natural course, and should go either to the
Committee on Commerce, or to the Committee
ou the Post Office and Post Roads, which are
both standing committees of the House. I,
for one, have no idea of giving my sanction to
any such expenditures or any such scheme,
by voting to make up a committee in its favor.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Mr. Chairman, I
was about to move to amend the resolution of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, so as to
refer so much of the President's message a8
relates to the union of the telegraphic system
with the Post Office Department to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads ; not
that I care to have jurisdiction of the matter,
so far as the committee over which I have the
honor to preside is concerned, but because it
is proposed to connect so intimately the tele-
graphic system with the Post Office Depart-
ment, that, it seems to me, no other committee
can properly take jurisdiction of the subject.
It is proposed, I understand, to buy all the
telegraphic lines in the United States, and to
incorporate them into the Post Office Depart-
ment, and make them a part of the postal sys-
tem of the United States. If that is to be
done, the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, it seems to me, should have juris-
diction ot the subject. 1 do not know what
reason there is for the appointment of a select
committee. There was a select committee
during the last Congress, which labored all
