3600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
bond and a bond destroyed will, I think, turn
out in the future to be delusive, for the reason
that if a man wants to commit a fraud on the
Treasury, or has lost his bond instead of hav-
ing had it destroyed, he will produce the evi-
dence of destruction instead of loss ; he will
call it by another name. That is the danger.
Of course it is right to give relief to people
who lose their evidences of debt as long as
the Government chooses to issue that kind of
evidences of debt; but the danger is so great
that I for one am unwilling to consent to it
as to coupon bonds; but of course I do not
expect to interpose my will against that of the
Finance Committee. I have no doubt their
views will prevail. I only say this to put in,
as the patent lawyers say, a caveat tor the
future.
Mr. SCOTT. I think it is highly important
that this bill should pass. It will save the
examination of a very large amount of in-
dividual cases in committees; and I ask the
attention of the Senator from Vermont to the
almost necessity, I will not simply say desira-
bility, of having the decision of these ques-
tions vested in the Secretary of the Treasury
instead of committees of Congress.
A recent case illustrates the soundness of
that position. A bill passed the House of Rep-
resentatives to authorize the reissue of a bond
which was alleged to have been destroyed, and
the proof relied upon by the House committee
was that it had been destroyed in the straw or
chaff of a bed-tick which it was alleged had
been burned by the husband in the absence of
the wife, to whom the bond belonged. The
proof seemed to be entirely satisfactory to
the committee of the House, and they passed
the bill. When it came to the Senate an in-
quiry was sent to the Treasury Department to
ascertain whether the coupons corresponding
in number with the bond had been presented
since the alleged date of destruction, and an
answer tame back from the Treasury Depart-
ment that the coupons of that bond had been
regularly presented since that date. Here
was an instance in which the bill had gone
through one of the Houses of Congress upon
this proof, and the only place where evidence
could be found to show that that proof was
not trustworthy was in the Treasury Depart-
ment,; so that the Treasury Department is the
proper place for this testimony to be pre-
sented to.
Thcie are other reasons why the bill should
pass. I have in my hand now a bill which 1
intended to call up this morning, if 1 could get
the time to do it, in which an individual had
$•1,100 in bonds. There is no doubt whatever
of the destruction of the whole of them, but
in that instance he was only able to identify
$:>,100of the bonds. The consequence is that
he is the loser of $1,000, and all that the Gov-
ernment can do in the case is after the lapse
ol live years, during which he has been lying
out of bis interest, to reissue to him the $3,100
of bonds. .Now, parties', where the proof is
clear of the destruction of the bonds, ought
not to be subjected to this delay of five years
in getting a bii! through Congress, for there
are many instances like this one to which I
refer, in which all that the man is worth m the
world is invested m Government bonds, and
he cannot get a cent of interest in five years.
There ought to be a place where these cases
can be presented and speedily acted upon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There ought to be a
place where justice should be accorded to
everybody, but unhappily the world is so con-
stituted that you never can do justice in each
particular ease. The principle of the bill
plainly would cover legal tenders, the notrs
of the Government, as well as bonds. I know
the liiil does not, but I am speaking of the
principle. A Government coupon bond is a
promissory note, payable to bearer. So is
what we call a legal tender. It is exactly the
same thing in law and in principle. They are
both obligations of the Government; and yet
I am sure Senators would deem it to be a very
dangerous piece of business to pass a law here
reimbursing people for the destruction of legal
tenders on application at the Treasury.
My friend from Pennsylvania illustrates
how dangerous it is to have Congress determ-
ine this questiou. It is dangerous. I can
give an instance which will illustrate how
dangerous it is to let the Secretary determine
it. Some years ago we passed a bill author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury, when the
proof should be satisfactory to him—I am
quite sure that was the form of it, although I
speak from quite remote recollection—to sup-
ply the place of a destroyed, not lost, coupon
bond, which was said to have been destroyed,
and proved, in the ordinary sense of the term,
to have been destroyed on a ship which was
cast away on the ocean. A few years after-
ward, when we came on a committee to go
through the Treasury Department to find out
how the bond and coupon account stood, we
found that long after the passage of that act, long
after the Secretary of the Treasury had exer-
cised that authority on satisfactory proof, the
coupons on those destroyed bonds were being
paid in the same way that my friend says the
committee found they were in another case.
So that it will happen in cases of this kind,
and the danger is it will happen a great deal
too often that the Secretary of the Tieasury,
or Congress, whichever may decide, will be
imposed upon.
But. as I said, I do not expect to stop the
passage of this bill. I only call the attention
of the Senate to the extreme delicacy and
danger, in mere obligations that pass by de-
livery from hand to hand, of providing legis-
lation of this kind.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The case that
the Senator puts of course is exceptional;
but allow me to inquire of him, is not that
sufficiently guarded against by the provision
of the bill which requires in all cases where a
reissue is made a bond to be given by the
party? That might fail, I admit.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Of course that furnishes
a security where the number is identified, as
it was in all these cases we have referred to,
provided your sureties are good and keep good
until the event occurs which will make them
liable.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Of course the
administration of justice is necessarily im-
perfect; but is not this about as perfect as in
human experience or in human affairs you can
expect to get? 1 think, if the Government's
necessities require it to resort to this sort of
securities, then it should be reasonable in pro-
viding against accidents which must happen.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is to do exactly what
it promised ; it is a business question. If you
and 1 issue a promissory note payable to bearer,
with the distinct understanding between us
and the person to whom it is issued that we
are to pay when he brings back that docu-
ment and that he takes his chances of loss or
destruction, then it is a fair trade. The only
trouble with the Government is as to the legal
tenders, that they do not pay when he does
bring them back. That is another question.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I had a case of
this kind when I was on the Committee on
Claims, the claim of a perfectly honest person
whom I knew in New Jersey, for a new bond.
We were just about passing the bill when we
got a letter that the bond had been found. The
proof was very clear that it had been destroyed.
It seems to me that if we furnish this general
law, people will not take the same care of
bonds that they do when there is no provision
to supply their loss.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will observe
that this bill does not apply to lost bonds, but
only to bonds actually destroyed by unavoid-
able accident
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I understand
that,—bonds that are destroyed or partially in-
jured ; I have read the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Defaced.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. That was the
case in the instance to which I have referred,
where the proof was very clear that the bond
had been burnt up, and we were just about to
pass the bill when we received word that it
had been found. The claim had passed both
committees ; the bill had passed the House of
Representatives, I believe, and we were about
passing the bill in the Senate, when it was found
to be all a mistake; that it was another paper
that had been destroyed, and the bond was still
in existence. But such things may occur.
The exceptions do not prove anything, 'My
objection to the bill is that when it is under-
stood by the public that there is a general law
provided to supply bonds that are destroyed
less care will be taken than if there is no such
provision. As our Committee on Claims
is organized as it is now in the Senate, with
its chairman carefully looking into these cases,
I think the security that we shall not be im-
posed upon is greater by requiring it to pass
through both committees and through both
branches of the Legislature than if it is handed
over, as it necessarily must be at the Treasury
Department, to some subordinate official.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I desire to state is
that if a private party held a bond of this kind
against me or any other citizen any court or
tribunal in the United States would compel
me to pay the debt honestly, and this is only
doing what the law of the United States and
of every State requires to be done as between
individuals.
Now, in answer to the argument of the hon-
orable Senator from New Jersey, I will say
that nobody is going to allow his bonds to be
destroyed in order to make a claim ; and with
the guards we throw around this general bill,
nobody by possibility can desire to have his
bonds destroyed or exposed to danger or will
be careless about them in order to get the
remedy of this bill. If he loses them by
dropping them in the streets or by his own
carelessness, this gives him no remedy. It is
only where he proves by clear and incontro-
vertible testimony that the identical bonds, by
numbers and dates, are destroyed by unavoid-
able accident, as by the burning of a vessel, the
burning of a house—there are many cases of
that kind—he shall have a remedy. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey cannot in any case
where this proof is made, as a member of this
body, deny such a citizen a remedy.
When we issue these bonds we can require
the holders to take reasonable care of them,
but if they are by act of God or accident
beyond the control of the person holding them
destroyed, is it right for the United States to
take advantage of that accident and refuse
to pay either principal or interest if those
bonds can be identified by the man and we
can be saved harmless by ample security?
Certainly not. Therefore in every case pre-
sented^ with proper proof Congress has passed
laws giving a remedy. It is to avoid the mul-
tiplicity of bills which are introduced on this
subject and to require additional guards, addi-
tional securities, that this bill is introduced.
It has been reported only after the most care-
ful consideration with a strong disinclination
on my part and on the part of the Committee
on Finance to open the door to any possible
claim for lost bonds or fraudulent claims of
any kind, and we have thrown around it every
guard, and have only reported it after con-
sulting the Secretary of the Treasury and
having used every expedient we could devise
to guard the public Treasury.
1 admit that by possibility fraudulent claims
may be made by perjury and forgery upon the
United States ; but at the same time there are
thousands of persons who will be injured and
peraaps deprived of all their property if this
remedy be not provided for them. The Gov-
ernment had better be cheated in one case
than in a hundred cases deprive innocent par-
ties of a just remedy.
