$02
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
eanized, but they come here simply as transient
visitors for the purpose of gaining what they
can and returning to their own country. That
has been the result of their emigration hereto-
fore. Very few of them have made any efforts
to learn our language and become identified
with the institutions of this country. If they
have made such efforts, the object has simply
been for the purpose of gain, that they might
be enabled by learning our language to so Car
make themselves useful to the people in this
country that they might obtain larger gains for
the time being. I think no man who has vis-
ited our western coast and examined the sub-
ject will concede for one moment that this
great mass of population that are flooding that
coast are prepared for naturalization. I trust
that the amendment,will be adopted.
Mr. COLE. With the permission of the
Senate I withdraw the call for the yeas and
nays on the proposition now pending, and will
take, the vote on a division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) If there be no objec-
tion, the order for the yeas and nays will be
rescinded.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made. The question is on the amendment
to the amendment, on. which the yeas aud
nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Caldwell, Cole, Corbetfc,
Cragin, Flanagan, Frelinghiiysen, Gilbert, Morton,
Nye, Scott, Sherman,Spencer, West, and Wilson—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Blair, Brownlow,
Carpenter. Clayton. Davis of West Virginia. Fen ton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Goldthwaite, Hamlin, Hill,
Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Ver-
mont. Norwood, Osborn, Patterson, Ramsey, Kioe,
Robertson. Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sehurz, Stevenson.
Stockton, Sumner. Thuruian, Tipton, Trumbull,
Viokers, and Wright—34.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Buckingham,
Cameron, Casserly, Chandler, Conkhng, Cooper,
Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan.
Howe, Kelloait, Juewis. Morrill of Maine. Pomeroy,
Pool, Pratt, Sprague, Stewart, and Windom—24.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. COLE. I now offer a new proviso to
that section, upon which I call for the yeas
and nays:
Provided, That this section shall not be construed
to alter or affect the laws of the United States con-
cerning naturalization.
The yeas and naya were ordered.
Mr. CORBETT. If it is in orde
the following as a substitute 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It
amendment to an amendment that
pending.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow.Cole.Corbett,
Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Nye. Osborn, Pool,
Scott, Sherman, Spenccr, Vickers, and West—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Blair, Carpenter,
Davis of West Virginia, Fenton. Ferry of Connec-
ticut, Ferry of Michigan, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston,
Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Norwood, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury.
Sawyer, bchurz, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Thur-
man. Tipton. Trumbull, Windom and Wright—34.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Cameron, Casserly, Chandler, Clayton,
Conkling, Cooper, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Ed-
munds, Hamilton of Maryland, Howe, Kellogg,
Lewis, Morton, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Sprague.
Stewart, and Wilson—24.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. CORBETT. I now move to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
by adding to the fifth section the following
proviso:
Provided, That this section shall not be held to
authorize the naturalization of Chineso.
On that I call for the yeas and nays.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon to the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, upon which the Senator from
Oregon asks for the yeas and nays.
I offsr
is an
is now
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, I have
voted against every amendment but one to
this bill, because I thought they tended to em-
barrass the great subject of amnesty, the suc-
cess of which I have bad so much at heart.
I have been greatly surprised at the votes of
certain Senators upon this floor upon the vari-
ous amendments by which it has been sought
to defeat the removal of political disabilities.
It does seem to me that their speeches are not
in accord with their votes.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] told
us in his speech in support of the Sumner
amendment a few days ago that among the
civil rights guaranteed to every citizen, white
and black, by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution, was the right to sit as a juror in
both Federal and State courts, and that the
Federal Government possessed the constitu-
tional power to see the colored man protected
in this right. That honorable Senator there-
fore voted against the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter] to strike
jurors from the civil rights amendment offered
by the Sena'orfrom Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
ner.] To-day, however, an amendment is
offered by the Senator from California, [Mr.
Cole,] striking out from that amendment the
word " person," and inserting the word " citi-
zen," the direct effect of which would have
been to exclude Chinamen from the provisions
of the amendment; and the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] votes in favorof it. He favors
the colored man but discriminates against the
Chinese.
The Senator knows that in many of the
southern States of this Union the colored peo-
ple greatly outnumber the whites. He must
know that the colored class in those States
have not had the education, knowledge, or intel-
ligence which enables them justly to discharge
the duties of jurors. If anythinghad ever been
agreed upon in this cotintry 1 had supposed
it was that universality of popular opinion
which held that our free institutions rested in
great part upon the intelligence and the virtue
of the people. The Senator from Ohio by his
vote to-day proclaims to the country.that the
Chinaman, though sparse in numbers, is not
entitled to be clothed with the privileges of a
citizen—not qualified to become a juryman-
while he insists that in South Carolina, in
Georgia, and throughout the South, where the
colored people vastly outnumber the whites, a
class generally without intelligence, without
culture, without experience, with no quality
or habitude which qualifies them to discharge
safely for the public good any of the duties of
enlightened and responsible citizenship—such
a class the honorable Senator would coerce
sovereign States by Federal power to receive
as jurors in State courts in direct violation of
their own long-existing, well-considered legis-
lative enactments upon the subject.
If the principle of justice demands, as the
Senator of .Ohio insists, that the white and
colored race should in their civil, social and
political rights occupy a common pedestal of
equality, with what show of consistency does
he exclude the Chinaman? Is he less intelli-
gent, less cultivated, less competent than the
slave ?
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
followed the example of the Senator of Ohio
in opposing the amendment excluding colored
persons as jurors in the State courts, but sup-
ported the amendment excluding the Chinese.
Whenever the Senator from Indiana wishes to
illustrate the want of enlighted progress in
utterly abrogating all discrimination on account
of color he almost invariably cites Kentucky.
That Commonwealth is his standing exam-
ple of a most unjust discrimination against
the colored race as to civil rights. If that Sen-
ator supposes that the'people of Kentucky
have anything but the kindest feelings toward
the colored people who were once their slaves,
he does them the grossest injustice. They
would extend to them kindness and protec-
tion, and they would see them kindly cared
for and justly protected in the enjoyment and
exercise of their civil rights; but tbey regard
them justly as their inferiors, and could never
degrade themselves by a social or political
equality for which they never were and never
can be fitted. Still less would they confer on
them these political rights which they are
wholly unfitted to discharge. Look to the
colored . race of Kentucky or the extreme
southern States—iguorant, unlettered, and
superstitious. What solitary quality have they
which would qualify them as jurors? Whose
rights, whose liberty, whose property would be
sate with a jury composed of such material?
If the Senator from Indiana shrinks back
from a provision in the ameudnient offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts, which would
extend its provisions to the Chinaman, I won-
der that he should be willing to bring into the
jury box of any State in this Union a class
who are still more unfitted on every side to
discharge any of its duties and wholly incom-
petent to comprehend its responsibilities.
The people of Kentucky are wholly misun-
derstood and great injustice is done them in
their supposed opposition to the civil rights
bill. A large majority believe the act to be iu
direct violation of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. Their determination to test its
validity sprung from no antagonism or dislike
to the colored race. Far from it. No want
of kindness exists in Kentucky on the part of
the whites to the freedmen. On the contrary,
if the Republican party would stay their handa
in their persistent and constant efforts by Fed-
eral coercion to destroy the undoubted rights
of the State in the regulation of its domestic
affairs greater progress would have been made,
and much that has occurred would probably not
have taken place. As it is, everything in the
main is done for the freedman that an enlight-
ened benevolence would dictate or an enlarged
humanity demand. But they never will con-
sent to political equality. If the civil rights
bill be pronounced constitutional they will pro-
tect the freedman in every privilege or right
which that statute accords to him.
They will never agree to confound political
with civil rights, and therefore they will never
consent, if they can prevent it, to allow freed-
men, whom they know iu the main to be des-
titute of every requisite qualification to be-
come judges and jurors in the State courts of
Kentucky. In this course we but follow the
example of our English and American pro-
genitors. We shall not quickly surrender their
lessons of wisdom and enlightened public
polity for the nascent zeal of radical Repub-
licans for the equality of the races.
England, where an inbred abhorrence of
slavery has always existed, has in her wisdom
been tardy in conferring upon the emancipated
slave any rights of citizenship until by habit
and educaiion he was qualified to discharge
them properly,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask my
honorable friend from Kentucky a question
with his permission.
Mr. STEVENSON. If the Senator from
Vermont will be kind enough to allow me to
proceed, I will answer any question hereafter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wished to ask about the
English jury system as connected with intel-
ligence.
Mr. STEVENSON. IfKentuckyis not pre-
pared to give up her old-fashioned conser-
vatism as readily as the Senator from Indiana
thmks she ought to do, he must attribute it
to our reverence for the Constitution of our
fathers and respect to their memory. The
honorable Senator ought to be particularly
charitable on this point. Indiana came into
the Confederacy a free State. She has never
had slaves; and yet that prosperous Common-
wealth has had no affinity toward a faith in
colored freedmen. If 1 am not in error, the
thirteenth article of her constitution provided
