1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1809
Secretary of the Treasury be authorized and
directed to pay to Charles A. Weidn&r, out of
any moneys in the Treasury not others ise appro-
priated, the sum of $6,000, being tke amount
due him for columns, bases, girders, wrought-
iron bars for ccll-gratings, column and other
patterns, and draining and plumbing work,
made and done by him for the erection of the
new jail in the District of Columbia, by virtue
of and under a certain contract made between
0. H. Browning, Secretary of the Interior, and
the said Charles A. Weidner, under authority
of the act of Congress approved July 25,1866,
and the joint resolution approved March 2,
1867, concerning said jail, and for damages
suffered by the said Charles A. Weidner tor
• non-compliance by the United States of its part
of the eoutract.
The amendment, which was read, is as fol-
lows :
Provided, The same shall be accepted in full satis-
faction for all claims whatsoever on account there-
for: And provided further. That the said claim of
the said columns, bases, girders, bars, and patterns
shall botho propertyot the United States, if removed
from said Weidner's premises within one year.
The anrendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and being
eugiossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. FRYE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was# passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
edward g. allen.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2034) for the relief
of Edward G. Allen, of London, England;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Tteasury to pay to Edward
G. Allen, of London, England, oat of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of $1,480, the purchase-
money for books for the Library of Congress,
of which sum he was unjustly defrauded by the
conduct of the Librarian in the year 1863.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr._ FRYE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
albert grant.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2035) for the exam-
ination and payment of the claim of Albert
Grant; which was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of War to examine the claim of
Albert Grant, assignee of A. Grant & Co.,
for damages sustained by said A. Grant & Co.
in the erection of a fire proof storehouse at
Schuylkill arsenal, in the city of Philadelphia,
in the years 1867 and 1868, under a contract by
them entered into with the United States ; the
alleged amount being $47,000. And if, on
examination, the Secretary shall be of opin-
ion that said claim or any part thereof is just
and equitable, he shall cause the same to be
puid to the claimant or to his legal represent-
atives, provided the amount so allowed shall
not exceed the sum of $47,000, and that it
shall be in full discharge of his claim. In
the second section it is provided that a suf-
ficient sum to pay the amount adjudged by
the Secretary of War to the claimant, by virtue
of this act, is hereby appropriated.
Mr. HOLM AN. The bill appropriates a
very considerable sum. I think it should have
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 114.
its first consideration in Committee of the
Whole. I therefore raise the point of order
on it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and the bill goes to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
colonel james s. rearden.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported back the bill (H. R. No. 95) for the
relief of Colonel James S. Rearden, with the
recommendation that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
same, and that it be laid on the table.
Mr. CREBS. I ask that the report in this
case be read. I wish to move that the bill be
The SPEAKER. To attain his object the
gentleman had better move that the bill be
recommitted with instructions.
Mr. CREBS. I make that motion. I now
ask that the report on this bill be read.
The report stated that the Committee of
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial
of James S. Rearden, of Cairo, Illinois, for
telief, had examined the same and found the
foil"wing facts: said Rearden, in October,
1869. entered into a contract in writing with
the United Slates for the delivery at Keokuk,
Iowa, of one hundred and seventy thousand feet
of white-oak timber for the construction of the
lock-gates in the canal around the Des Moines
rapids, said timber to be delivered on or before
the 15th September following, and to be sound
and perfectly clear and of given dimensions.
Rearden met with several unforeseen hinder-
ances, an unusual drought preventing the rise in
the river necessary to float the timber; and there
was early and continued freezing, so that it was
impossible for him to avail himself of the
advantages of water transportation, and he
was compelled to forward by rail, at a greatly
increased cost. He seems to have honorably
and diligently endeavored to comply with the
terms of his contract, but failed, and after hav-
ing furnished about one quarter was relieved
from his obligations by the Government at his
request. He satisfactorily proves the cost of
the timber, furnished as above, to have been
$5,236 55, or more than one hundred dollars
per thousand, when his contract was only forty-
five dollars. He received from the Government
for this, $2,390 51, making his actual loss
$2,837 04. The price named in the contract
for the timber was altogether too low, and with
everything favorable the contractor could not
have furnished the timber according to terms
without loss, but the Government dealt gener-
ously with the claimant in relieving him from
the specific performance of his contract. There
was no fault or dissatisfaction on the part of
the Government officers. Underthis state of
facts_ the committee recommended that the
petition ought not to be granted, and that the
accompanying bill ought not to pass.
Mr. CREBS. I desire to say a word or two
in relerence to this claim, which seems to me
to be a just one. The Committee of Claims
have made a fair statement of the facts in evi-
dence. Colonel Rearden went into the Army
of the United States at the very commence-
ment of the war and lost almost all the prop-
erty he had in the service. After he came
back he made a contract with General Wilson,
then superintendent of the Government works
at Des Moines rapids, to furnish at Keokuk
one hundred and seventy thousand feet of oak
timber of heavy sticks for lock-gates, weigh-
ing from two to three tons a stick. He agreed
to deliver it at a price much too low, to wit,
forty-five dollars per thousand ; while the evi-
dence shows that the timber could not have
been delivered fo'r less than $100 ner thousand
feet. He went on and fulfilled his contract in
part, and delivered a portion of the timber, but
he had not the means to complete the balance
of his contract, and had to surrender it after
delivering forty-two thousand six hundred and
eighty feet on the contract.
Now, there is but one thing in the report
which does not comply strictly with the con-
tract, which was to deliver one hundred and
seventy thousand feet, more or less. He was
to get his timber near Cairo. He intended to
take it in barges from there up the Mississippi
river to the point where it was to be delivered.
He went to work and got out a portion of the
timber, but the river was closed by ice so he
could not get his barges above St. Louis, aud
had to place it upon railroad cars, coupling
two cars together to accommodate the length
of the stick, and pay for the use of the same
at the rate of sixty dollars a car. or $120 per
car-load up to the point of delivery.
Now, the evidence shows conclusively that
he lost $2,837 38. I hold in my hand an
itemized account of what he lost. Colonel
Rearden only asks the Government, to pay him
back what it cost him to take the timber to the
point of delivery. There is no doubt that he
got it there as cheaply as any one else could
have done. According to the strict terms of
the contract he could not recover in a court
of law, but he is entitled to relief at the hands
of the Government, because in equity he is
entitled to it. A great Government like ours
should not take lrom an individual money
honestly spent in the cause of the Government,
upon the simple ground that legally he could
not recover it in a court of law.
The Government had the benefit of his
services and got forty-two thousaud six hun
dred aud eighty feet of timber from him tor
$2,399 51. It seems to me that under these
circumstances this case ought to go back to
the committee with instructions that they
should report a bill paying him the sum of
$2,837 38, the exact amount. He lost by this
transaction and the Government lo-*t nothing,
because the evidence shows that he got. the
timber to the point of delivery as cheaply as
any one else could have furnished it, a'nd the
loss ought not to fall on the individual when
the Government is much better able to pay
it than Colonel Rearden is to lose it.
Mr. FRYE. I investigated this matter that
the gentleman has discussed, and drew a state-
ment of facts as favorable as it could possibly
be drawn for the claimant. I submitted that
report of facts, which the gentleman admits to
be correct, and the vote of the committee was
unanimous against the allowance of this claim.
I can simply say that in these matters of claims
there are hundreds of cases presented to us
having a much stronger claim upon our sym-
pathies than this one, and jet we cannot allow
them. I move that the motion of the gentle-
man from Illinois be laid upon the table.
The question was takeji on Mr. Feye's
motion ; and there were—ayes seventy-one,
noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to; and Mr.
Crebs's motion was laid on the table.
james a. bell.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee of Claims, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2036) for the relief of James A. Bell, of Dex-
ter, in the State of New Yoik; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue to James A. Bell
duplicate coupon bonds No. 80499, dated in
the year 1862, for $1,000; No. 151606, dated
in 1865, for $1,000 ; No. 76709, dated in 1865,
for $500; Nos. 174731 and 174732, each for
$1,000, and dated in 1867; No. 95415, dated
in 1867, for $500; Nos. 202274, 202275, and
225337, dated in 1867, for $100 each ; and No.
112311, dated in 1867, for $50, upon proof
satisfactory to the Secretary of the Treasury
of the destruction of the original, and upon
the said James A. Bell giving bond with suf-
ficient surety to indemnify ihe United States
against any loss resulting therefrom.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
