1810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. POSTER, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
J SLUMAN S. BAILKY.
' Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported back with an amendment
a bill (H. R. No. 1288) for the relief of Slu-
man S. Bailey, collector of internal revenue
for the fourth district of Michigan.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury in adjusting the
accounts of Sluman S. Bailey, collector of
internal revenue for the fourth district of
Michigan, to credit him with the sum of
$1,752 23, that being the amount of money
not recovered which was stolen from the safe
of the county treasurer of Grand Traverse
county, Michigan, on the night of September
23, 1867, and which said money was deposited
for safe keeping therein by William H. Fife,
deputy collector of internal revenue, and
for which amount said collector, Sluman S.
Bailey, is responsible to the Treasury of th<>
United States ; provided that it shall then still
appear that the theft of said money was with-
out collusion, privity, or fault of the said
collector.
The amendment was to strike out the words
"the county treasurer" before the words " of
Grand Traverse, Michigan," and to insert in
lieu thereof the words " Leach & Bates."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALP1UCUS KOBBS.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from th<5 same
committee, reported abill (H. 11. No. 2037)for
the relief of Alpheus Fobes, late pension agent
in the city of New York ; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to Alpheus Fobes, late pension agent, m the
city of New York, the sum of $666 5o, that
being the amount, of money stolen by an ab-
sconding cleik, without any fault or neglect
on the part of said Fobes, and not recovered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JSATIBW.'I AKD 1SVANS.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that the same do pass, a bill (H. R. No.
1700) lor the relief of Battelle & Evans.
The question was upon ordering the bilj to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Court
of Claims to again take up, hear, and puss
upon the claim of Battelle & Evans, for
cattle and beef sold and delivered by them to
the United States for the use of the Army in
the year IbG2,which claim is in suit in said
court, and provides that said sui,t shall be
adjudged upon its menu, and without respect
to the lapse of six years since the cause of
action accrued, but within six years since the
final decision of the accounting officers t ht reon.
Mr. POTTER. Is there any report in this
case ? ■ . ,
Mr. FOSTER of Ohio. There is, but it is a
very long one.
Mr. POTTER. I should like to hear some
explanation of it.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. The facts are these:
Battelle & Evans were in the Court _ of
Claims, but not within sis years of the time
when their claim occurred, though within six
years of the time when the claim was acted
upon by the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury. The committee are in favor of affording
this slight measure of relief.
Mr. POTTER. I will make no objection to
the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed ana
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM M. STAFFORD.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that it pass, a bill (fcl. it. No. 2038) for
the relief of William M. Stafford, late acting
district attorney for Montana Territory; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill authorizes and requires the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to William M. Stafford the sum of $500 as
compensation for his services rendered as act-
ing United States district attorney for Mon-
tana Territory during the years 1866 and 1867.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOSEPH WESTCOTT.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported, with a recommendation
that it pass, a bill (II. R. No. 2039) tor the
relief of Joseph Westcott, of Portland, Maine;
which vvas read a first and second time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to Joseph West-
cott, of Portland, Maine, $2,325, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated ; said sum to be in full payment of
his claim against the Government for granite
delivered by him in 1860 at the navy-yard at
Norfolk, Virginia, and since used in the con-
struction of buildings and the continuation of
quay-wall.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a thiid reading, and was accordingly read the
third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Mr. LSpeaker, the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Bolman,] who
always looks after these matters, seems to be
very quiet to-day. I would like to know
whether this bill is right. We certainly have
no explanation of it.
Mr. HOLMAN. It has the sanction of the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. ELDREDGE. There ought to be some
man to watch that committee. They need
watching as much as any other committee of
the House. I would like to have some explan-
ation of this bill from the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I do not
understand exactly the pleasantry of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Elduedue.]
This is an ordinary repott Irotn the Commit-
tee of Claims. I trust that the gentleman from
Wisconsin will watch every report from that
committee. I certainly call upon him, as a
duty which he owes to his constituents, to see
that no bill of that committee or any other
passes unchallenged.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I wish to know whether
the gentleman has challenged this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have not.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Then why does not the
gentleman do his duty and challenge the bill?
He lays it down as a broad principle that no
bill should pass unchallenged, yet we find him
quietly allowing the passage of bills which
are explained by no report, which take large
sums of money out of the Treasury, winch, for
aught we know, "rob actual settlers of their
lands," and I should not be surprised at all
if the "laborers of the country" were being
"robbed of the means necessary to their daily
support." [Laughter.] The gentleman has
not told us anything about this bill, and he is
neglecting to challenge these bills, while he
admits it to be his duty to do so.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to call the
attention of the gentleman from Wisconsin to
the law against accepting challenges. [Laugi
ter.] , „
Mr. ELDREDGE. There is no;need of a
law to prevent my friend from Illinois from
accepting a challenge, or he would have ac<
cepted one long ago from the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Bptler.] [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I protest against being
called upon to represent not only my own con-
stituents but also those ofHhe gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldredge.] It is as much
as I can do to attend to the duties properly
devolving upon me. If the gentleman from
Wisconsin thinks himself utterly incompetent
to look after the interests of his own constit-
uency, let him say so at once, and let him
delegate his authority by a written paper. I
insist that there shall be a regular power of
attorney. I will not accept the mere verbal
statement of the gentleman. I have repre-
sented the interests of the people to the best
of my ability, and will.continue to do so ; but
I do not recognize the gentleman's right to
insist that the duties devolving upon him shall
be transferred to myself.
Mr. ELDREDGE. My proposition was not
based on any supposed incompetency of the
gentleman from Indiana, but on the fact that
he appeared not to be performing his duty,
as he is certainly able to do. Neither do I
wish a power of attorney from the gentleman
from Indiana. That gentleman seems to think
that no one has a right to challenge abill here
without a regular power of attorney from him.
I know he has assumed to himself the attitude
of standing here as though he were fully com-
missioned in that regard; but I deny that we
are under the necessity of procuring from him
either written or verbal authority.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order,
that the St. Croix railroad grant is not now
up. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDREDGE. That accounts for the
gentleman's silence. [Laughter.]
The bill was passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to recon- .
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THOMAS D. "WEST.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also from the same
committee, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
1261) for the relief of Thomas D. West, of
Sandusky, in the State of Ohio, with the
recommendation that it do pass with an
amendment.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be authorized and
directed to pay to Thomas D. West, of San-
dusky, Ohio, $910, in full compensation for
his losses sustained, occasioned by the occu-
pancy of bis three-story stone building, in
Sandusky, Ohio, by the one hundred and
twenty-second New York volunteers, during
