1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
915
In his message of January 3, 1871, to the
Legislature of New York. Governor Hoffman
sustained the Governor of Pennsylvania in his
denunciation of Federal interference in State
elections, and in referring to the same law
which Governor Geary had denounced, said:
" Under color of this act, the President and other
United States official claimed the right to supervise
the entire election, not only for Representatives in
Congress, but tor State and local ofheers." * *
* * "The police, and civil authorities of the
city and State, who«e duty it is to preserve order,
■were ignored, u«"der instructions from Washington,
as completely as if the people of the State were in
rebellion against the Government ot the United
States. It was a, bold attempt on the part of the
Federal Government to assume absolute control of
the State and local elections in order to accomplish
partisan ends."
The Governor recalled the words of Gov-
ernor Clinton of New York half a century ago,
as follows:
"And if the officers under its appointment"—
Meaning the Federal Government—
"shall see lit as an organized and disciplined corps
to interfere in the State elections, I trust there will
be found a becoming disposition in the people to
resist, these alarming attempts upon the purity and
independence of their local governments."
The concluding wordsot'Governor Hoffman's
message are maxims of wisdom and gems of
truth worthy of everlasting remembrance :
44 To depend for the peace and order of locali-
ties"—
I quote this as especially applicable to the
condition of the States over which we propose
to extend this legislation to-day:
"To depend for the peace and order of localities
on the Federal Army is not self-government; to
substitute the regular soldier with his musket as a
peace officer in place of the constable with his writ,
is not to preserve the pe;ice, but to establish the con-
dition of war , lo &uirender elections to the control
of the Pr<>«ident, supported by armed forces, is to
surrender liberty and to abandon a republic."
So say I in regard to this legislation here,
that to appeal to Congress is not to support
self-government; to rely upon the national arm
to enforce the law in regard to the lights of
the people as to common carriers and hotel-
keepers and churches and cemeteries is not to
rely upon the inborn rigtits of the American
citizen for protection, but is to go away from
his local government, away from his local
Legislature, and to seek outside of the pale
of his own Slate and his own legitimate legis-
lative province the protection of the central
power of the Union.
Within the last year, when a bill was before the
Senate covering these wry obnoxious principles
against which the Governors of Pennsylvania
and New York protested, the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] interposed
a powerful argument against a consolidated
Government, aud in favor of the constitutional
rights of the Stares. lu the Senate, on the
11th day of Apnl, 1871, he used the following
language:
"Show me that it is necessary to exercise any
power belonging t) the Government of the United
States in order to maintain its authority and I am
ready to put it forth. Bu*. sir, I am not willing to
undertake to enter the Scutes for tLie purpose ot
puni^hmg individual offences against their author-
ity committed by one citizen against another.
And this is the veiy species of legislation
we are called upon to adopt tu-day—legislat^
Ing for the purpose of protecting citizens ot
Kansas against citizen* of Kansas who are
supposed not to extend to all persons^their
rights under the Constitution of the United
States. The Senator fiom Illinois proceeded :
"We, in my judgment, have no constitutional
authority to do that. When this Government wns
formed the general rights of persons and property
were left to be protected by the States, and there
they are left to-day."
It is only necessary that T should stand here
and echo these words which will be indorsed
by all tho thoughtful people of this country
when this subject comes before them, that the
general rights of person and property are left
to be protected by the States, and there they
remain to-day. And when this question shall
have been before the people for years, this
species of legislation will all be reversed by
the people, and they will demand its reversal
if they have to demand it ultimately at the
point of the bayonet. The usurpations, under
the influence of party excitement may be
submitted to for a short time, but with recon-
struction complete, with the States ail back,
standing in their proper attitude before the
Constitution of the United States, no exter-
nal power will be permitted to deter them from
the purpose of assuming the legitimate rights
of the people in local legislation. On this
bubject the Senator from Illinois proceeded :
"And if the Federal Government takes to itself
the entire protection of the individual in his rights
of person and property, what is the need of the State
governments?"
A very pertinent question. If the General
Government takes to itself the entire protec-
tion of the individual in his rights on the rail- t
road, in the theater, in the church, in the eem- j
etery, what is the need of the State govern- j
mentsatall? He said further on that occa-
sion:
" It would be a change in our form of government,
and an unwise one, in my judgment, because I be-
lieve that the rights of the people, the liberties of
the people, the rights of the individual, are safest
among the people themselves, and not in a cen-
tral Government, extending over a vast region of
country."
But the argument of the honorable Senator
from Illinois was unheeded, and a bill passed
the Senate and the Congress, in his words,
allowing the General Government to aput
down domestic violence in any locality in a
State whenever the impartial administration
of justice is interfered with;" not leaving
the interference with the impartial adminis-
tration of justice to be corrected by the State,
but because of the fact that such a state of ;
things is found to exist, usurping the author-
ity and exercising it by a foreign power.
Such usurpations of power or such a disre-
gard of the rights of States cannot long be
tolerated by a free people. The day of reck-
oning is approaching, and the true friends
of proper constitutional limitations will ulti-
mately triumph.
Mr. President, if the character of the law to
which reterencehas been made is as objection-
able in its application as the Governors of
Pennsylvania and New York indicate, men of
honor and character would shrink from assist-
ing in its application, and recourse would be
had from necessity to the "venal and the
wle." That such was the case, I present a
list of the names of special deputies and
supervisors who were appointed to oversee the
election in New York city in November, 1869,
by Judge Woodruff of the United States cir-
cuit court. I send this list to the Clerk's desk,
asking that it be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Theodore, alien Mike Anthony, ahah Snuffey, of
24 Cherry street, a laborer, thirty-five years of age,
! married, ami cannot read or write. Anthony was
! arrested bv Detective James Finn, of the Fourth
; precinct, on July 24,1870. lor larceny from the per-
I son. and was held in §2,000 bail for trial by Justice
: llogan. He was indicted by the grand jury on the
ch.uge on the 23d of August last.
! " Joseph Fr.izier. ot 279 Water street, is a thief,
I and coniedciate o* thieves.
" James Miller is the keeper of a den oi piosutu-
tion in the bu-eincnt of 3J9 Water street,
i! " Janie^Tinni'ian keeps a similar den in the base-
ment ot 3o7 Water street. ,
"James Sullivan, nlm* Slocum. Keeps a nouse ot
prostitution at 3.W Water street, which a resortfor
dc<p<n-ate thieve*.
" "Frank Winkle keeps a house ot prostitution at
1 3-V7 Wafei stieet. The police are irequently called
!i m to quell fights in Winkle's place, and it bears a
« hard reputation.
' " The Radical authorities haveappomted one John
■ alia* ' Bcukey,' McOahc a supervisor of the eighth
dis-tner, fifteenth ward. lie is now under indict-
! ment lor shooting a man with intent to kill. Ihis
preciotu- "supervisor originated here, and was iiist
■ known to the police for his dexterity in robbing
emigrants, (lis picture is in the 'rogue\gallery at
" police headquarters m this city, No. He was
known as Pat. Maddou. 4 Old Sow,' lion-
Nichols, v!i«s Dennis M.'Cnbe Uss real name is
Andrew Audiews. His wife resides m North Pearl
street and the 'supervisor * of the eighth district,
fifteenth ward, New York, is do*u in the directory
a* n citizen of Albany. , .
" William Lewis is a supervisor in the nineteenth
waid. Ho was arrested November 22.186i. for steal-
ing from Mr. Frederick Landmann, corner of Third
avenue and Seventy-second street, the following,
property: one gold watch and chain, one locket,
ear-ring-', bracelet, and breast-pin,all valued at §195.
The stolen property wa3 found in his possession, and
the prisoner was committed for trial by Justice Con-
nolly. He was afterward released to go and enlist
in the Army.
"Joseph Hurtnett, supervisor eighteenth ward.
Arrested June 3,1869, as accessory to the murder of
Richard Oerdes, a grocer, corner of First avenue and
Twenty-fourth street.
"Henry Rail, supervisor eighth ward. One of the
principals in the Chatham street saloon murder:
went off West to escape punishment, and has only
been back a. lew weeks.
"James Moran, supervisor third district, eighth
ward. Arrested on Sunday last for felonious assalt.
" William (ahas Pomp) Harton, (colored,) marshal
twenty-second ward. Arrested a few days 3ince for
vagrancy.
"Theodore Allen, marshal eighth ward. Now in
prison for perjury, and keep< a house the resort of
panf*l-thieves and pickpockets, on Mercer street.
"Richard O'Connor, supervisor seventh district
first wat d. Has been for years receiver of smuggled
cigars from Havana steamer.
"L. H. C.irgill. supervisor ninth district, ninth
ward. Tued in United States court for robbing the
mail.
"John Van Buien, supervisor twelfth district,
eighth ward. Was at one time in sheriff's office,
and discharged for carrying a load of seized goods
from the establishment of Richard Walters, in east
Bro idway.
"Mart Allen, marshal eighth ward. Served a
term ot five years in the Connecticut State prison.
Sentenced to Sing Sing lor five years by Judge Bed-
ford. His ease was appealed, and while waiting for
decision he managed to get out on bail. His case has
been decided against him, and he has fled to parts
unknown to ply his vocation and help the Radicals
elsewhere.
"John McChesney, supervisor fourth district,
ninth ward. Associates with thieves; bears a bad
character generally.
"William Cassidy, supervisor twelfth district,
ninth ward. Is a street bummer, without any visible
me j ns of support.
"Thomas Mclntire, marshal eighth ward. Has
been frequently arrested forbearing his aged mother.
Sent several tunes to Blackwell's Island.
" Timothy Lynch, marshal sixth district, first ward.
A Washington Market lounger.
"Peter Mose, marshal sixth ward. Habitual
drunkard.
"John Connor, supervisor first district, first ward.
Keeps a disorderly gin-mill, resort of lowest char-
acters.
"Francis Jordan, supervisor sixth district, first
ward. Lives in New Jersey ; was turned out of the
post office by Postmaster Jones for bad conduct.
"Bernard Dugan, supervisor eighth district, first
ward. Habitual drunkard. His wife left him on
account of his drunkenness, and nrocured a divorce
on that ground.
*' John Tobin, supervisor ninth district, first ward.
Arrested about six months ago for grand larceny.
" Patrick Murphy, supervisor fourth district, sixth
ward. Two years ago distributed fraudulent natu-
ralization papers, and would furnish them to any-
body that would promise to vote for Grant.
"Edward Slevin, jr.. supervisor second district,
fourth ward. Has an indictment now pending against
him in court of general sessions for cutting a boy
named Kilkenny. .
" Michael Foley, supervisor fourth district, fourth
ward. Well-known repeater, voting for anybody
that will pay.
" James F. Day, supervisor seventh district, fourth
ward. Shot at a man in a fight between the Walsh
association and a gang from Water streer^
"John Conners, alias Jockey, supervisor third
district, fourth ward. A well-known desperate char-
" Dennis Hogan, supervisor ninth district, first
ward. A bounty bird during the war.
" Richard Enright, supervisor in first ward, eighth
district. Arrested for robbery in 1863. _
"John (rrimes, supervisor twelfth district, fifth
ward. Arrested in April, 1863, for stealing a gold
watch, , , „
" Michael Costcllo, marshal sixtn ward. Bounty-
jumper during the war. . . ^
" Harrv Rice, supervisor thirteenth district, sixth
ward. Was connected with the Chatham street con-
cert saloon murder, and Qed to Nebraska to escape
punishment. ...
" Tliomas Lane, supervisor seventeenth district,
sixth ward. Formerly keeper of a notorious den at
Five Points, headquarters of thieves and robbers.
"John Lane, supervisor twenty-second district,
same ward. Was indicted for receiving stolen gooda.
lias served a term in Sing Sing. # ,
" Edward Foley, supervisor sixth district, ninth
ward. Arrested last year for stealing a watch. .
" Humphrey Ayers, supervisor eighteenth district,
ninth ward. Arrested six years ago for robbing the
United States mail. . .
"John Dowling, supervisor nineteenth district,
ninth ward. Arrested August 20, lbo«), for till-tap-
P1" James Fitzsimmons. supervisor twentieth dis-
trict, ninth ward. Arrested August 1, 1808, for rob-
b<" John Martin, supervisor fifth district, twelfth
ward. Arrested a few years ago under an mdiot-
ment for arson. .
"Samuel Rich, supervisor fourth district, tuir
