1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8603
The question being pat, there were, on a
division—ayes 26. noes 14.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask for the yeas and nays.
["No!" " No !"]
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
that we can have the yeas and nays on the
adoption of the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator insist on the yeas and nays on this motion ?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas37, nays 18 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton,
Cockling, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry ot
Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Hamilton ot
Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock, Howe, Kellogg,
Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Robert-
son, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Win-
dom, and "Wright—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair. Caldwell, Casserly, Cole,
Cooper, Goldthwaite, Hill, Kelly, Norwood, Ran-
som, Saulsbury, Sehurz, Sprague, Stevenson, Stock-
ton, Tipton, Trumbull, and Vickers—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn. Bayard, Brownlow,
Corbett, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Davis ot West
Virginia, Fenton, Gilbert, Hamil'ton of Maryland,
Johnston, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Rice, Spencer,
Thurinan, West, and Wilson—19.
So the motion was agreed to.
pinal adjournment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the resolu-
tion asking the House of Representatives to
return our adjournment resolution.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the House of Representatives be
requested to return to the Senate the resolution of
the Senate of the 26th of January last relative to the
adjournment of Congress.
Mr. BLAIR. I should like to know what
the object of this is.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will inform the Senator
from Missouri that my only object is that we
shall not have discordant resolutions of the two
Houses on the subject of adjournment, but
that we shall proceed with the expectation of
adjourning both Houses according to the prop-
osition of the House of Representatives, on
the 3d day of June, if we can get through
our business. The anxiety 1 have to prevent
a controversy between the two Houses is in
regard to the bill to reduce taxes. The very
moment that bill is out of the way beyond the
danger of failure, I expect and hope Congress
will be ready to adjourn. That is my only
object. It is not usual to have resolutions of
this kind; one passed by one House and one
by the other, leaving the two Houses at jar
with each other. They have sent us their prop-
osition and I hope we shall act upon it and
adjourn on the 3d of June, but I am not in
favor of adjourning until we pass the bill to
reduce taxation. That is the only object I have.
I was rather surprised that any opposition
should be made to this resolution, especially
by my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.,]
who was so much opposed to the passage of
the original resolution.
Mr. BLAIR. It is somewhat extraordinary
that such a proposition as this is brought for-
ward to prevent discord -between the Senate
and the House on this subject. It looks to
me as if the Senator apprehended that the
House might accept the proposition which we
passed early in January. That seems to be
the meaning of this resolution. We passed a
resolution for adjournment early in the session.
Among the first things that was done, the Sen-
ator from Indiana offered a resolution to
adjourn on the 29th of May. It was resisted
at that time, because no one could foretell
what would be the condition of business at
the time named. The Senator, however, and
the Senator's friends, pressed it through. It
has been held in the House up to this time,
and finally the House has passed a resolution
and sent it to us to adjourn on the 3d of June.
There seems to be some apprehension that the
House might take us at our word, and this
looks like an attempt to take it out of the
power of the House to do anything of the sort,
and to keep the whole matter in the hands of
the Senate. That is the appearance that this
resolution will present to the country.
I think, sir, we can very well trust the House
with that resolution, as we have trusted it so
long. I do not know anything that has oc-
curred which has inspired such a want of con-
fidence on the part, of the Senator from Ohio
in the action of the House. The Senator
says that he does not want discordant resolu
tions between the two Houses. I think we
have a great many discordant resolutions
between the Senate and the House, and we
have a way of reaching an accord between the
two Houses very different from that proposed
by the Senator from Ohio in this resolution.
We come to an understanding by communi-
cating with each other. But now that we
have the proposition of the House to adjourn
on the 3d of June, we wish to withdraw from
them our resolution to adjourn on the 29th of
May, which they still hold. That looks very
much as if the Senate wanted to have this
matter all its own way, and not to consult the
House about it at all. That will produce more
discord than anything else. That is not the
way in which we have usually sought to bring
the two Houses in accord upou any subject.
It seems to me it, would be treating the
House with great disrespect to say to them,
" We cannot trust you wiih that resolution to
adjourn on the 29th of May; we do not know
what you will do with it; you might do some-
thing indiscreet." A party caucus in the Sen-
ate might want to do certain things and not
have the opportunity to do them, because of
the indiscretion of the hot-headed young men
in the House. That is about the style in which
we are treating the House in withdrawing this
resolution which has been before the House
for many months, nearly the whole session. 1
trust the Senate will not do it. As the Senate
passed this resolution so early before anything
could be known as to the state of business at the
time indicated, I hope we shall not show any
want of confidence in the House, that we shall
not now, after that resolution has been before
them for five months, withdraw it. I think
the motive for it will be very palpable if we do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My objection to this
resolution yesterday grew out of the fact that
I thought it was an improper thing to do, that
it was unprecedented in the history of legisla-
tion, and that it was discourteous to the House
of Representatives, all three of which I think
I can show. It is improper and discourteous
to the House and unprecedented ; and I think
I can answer also satisfactorily the suggestion
of the Senator from Ohio that I was originally
opposed to that resolution. I was ; but I was-
opposed to the passage of the resolution in
January last to adjourn the Congress on the
29th of May, because at that time the business
of Congress had scarcely been entered upon,
and we were not in a condition to fix the day
of adjournment. Our condition is very differ-
ent, to-day. It struck me as highly improper
in January last, before any of the appropria-
tion bills even had been considered, the passage
of which is necessary for the maintenance of
the Government, before any of the business
for which Congress convenes had been trans-
acted, to fix the day of final adjournment.
Because it was, in my opinion, improper to
pass such a resolution then, it does not follow
that I atn opposed to such a resolution now.
As well might you say, because I would not
have voted in January to adjourn Congress
sine die. I ought not to vote to adjourn it sine
die m June or July. Our business has now
progressed so far that I should like to see Con-
gress adjourn at an early day. The appropri-
ation bills are nearly all passed; most of the
necessary legislation has transpired ; and there
is nothing inconsistent in adhering lo a reso-
lution now which was passed in January last,
although at the time of its jiassa^e I was
opposed to it for the reasons which I nave -now
stated, and which I stated at the "time.
Mr. SHERMAN. As I do not wish to
reply to the Senator or tafee tfp any tiifle, I
will only call one fact now to the Senator's
recollection. The bMl to reduce taxation,
which the Senator said at that titiie was a
matter of primary importance With him, and
he would not vote to adjotittt Until that !)ill
was disposed of, is still pending in the House,
and cannot come here until the close of next
week in the regular order of business. We
have got then to consider it as a new bill,
never yet having acted on any clauses of the
internal revenue law, involving some very
difficult questions on which there is always a
great difference of opinion. Now, I ask the
Senator whether it would be wise in the Senate
even to make it possible to adjourn Congress
until that bill is disposed of; whether, as this
is now the 18th of May, and the bill cannot
come to us until about the25th in the ordinary
course of business, we ought to put ourselves
in the position of being compelled to epnsider
that bill, first in the Committee on Finance.,
then in the Senate, and then act upon it in a
conference, in four days? I submit that sober
question to the Senator without any reference
to any other bill pending, whether we should
place ourselves in the position of being com-
pelled in the hurry of three or four days in
the closing hours of the session to consider so
important a bill as that, involving the whole
revenue of the Government. The whole
question of shipping, the question of the
change of our laws as to the payment of
duties, whether in gold or paper money, and
many other important questions are in that
bill. I again repeat to the Senator that my
only object in making this proposition is to
enable us to have sufficient time to consider
that important bill and pass upon it with
deliberation and judgment, and then to adjourn
at as early a day as possible.
Mr. KELLOGG. I should like to ask the
Senator from Ohio whether that bill could be
considered and reported from the Committee
on Finance to the Senate by the 29th of May?
Mr. SHERMAN. It could not, unless we
rushed through it pell-mell.
Mr. KELLOGG. And that is the bill, as I
understand, which affects the whole question
of the revenues of the country and the reduc-
tion of taxation and the tariff.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Illi-
nois is aware that that bill cannot be taken
up again in the ordinary course in the House
until Tuesday next, and they have not yet con-
sidered any portion of the important sections
relating to the internal revenue in the House,
which will create a great deal of discusion.
Then after its passage by the House it must
be referred to the Committee on Finance, and
we shall have to act upon it. Now, I submit
to every Senator, the Senator from Missouri
among the rest, whether he thinks that im-
portant bill, containing among other matters
the tobacco question, can be disposed of here
in the hurry of two or three days? It is im-
possible. Therefore, I simply ask that we do
what is necessary for the public business,
recall this resolution, with a desire to get
through as soon as possible.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question is not now
before the Senate whether we shall adjourn on
the 29rh of May. That is not the pending
proposition. The House has not adopted any
such resolution as to adjourn on the 29th of
May. The question before us* is a very dif-
ferent one. 1 certainly was in favor of reducing
the revenues of the country; I am so still;
and I trust the House will send us a bill which
we can agree to, that will reduce the revenues
very materially, and will abolish much of the
machinery connected with the collection of
internal taxes, and will repeal many of the
items upon which a tax is laid under the
internal revenue system. But the question
