3604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
before us is not now on fixing a day to adjourn
on the 29th of May.
The Senator from Ohio cannot have forgot-
ten with what, fierceness, with what determina-
tion, with what party rally, a resolution was
forced through this body to adjourn the Con-
gress on the 29th of May before any business
had been done. This is not the first time in
the history of the Government, when party
tactics take the place of the public service, that
the tactics come back to plague their invent-
ors. The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mor-
ton] who was so zealous, and moved with
such power to force through this body in Jan-
uary last a resolution to adjourn Congress with-
out day, before we had done any business,
comes here now backing up the proposition
with the same party zeal to get rid of the res-
olution which we then adopted. Sir, it will
generally be found that legislation which is
initiated and pushed through for partisan pur-
poses will come back to plague its inventors;
and now we find these Senators anxious to
get rid of the position in which they have
placed themselves; and how do they propose
to do it? They propose to do it by treating
the House of Representatives with discourtesy.
How is it that a resolution is proposed to be
passed in this body recalling from the House
a resolution that passed here many months
ago? J said it, was unprecedented. I say now
that I do not believe in the history of this Gov-
ernment such an instance as I his can he found,
where a resolution, passed four months before,
proposing an adjournment, lias been recalled.
J say it is not only unprecedented, but it is
disrespectful to the House; and by that 1
mean that this is an attempt to arrogate to the
Senate a right that belongs to the House in
common with the Senate. I will read the
words of the Senator from Ohio when he was
advocating this proposition yesterday :
" As a mutter of course, we ought to have the con-
trol of tlio question of adjournment."
Why? Why is it a matter of course that the
Senate should have control of the question of
adjournment ,iny more than the House? Are
we anything more than a coordinate branch
of iht! legislative department ?
Mr. SHHUMAN. l)iil 1 not state in that
same conneciion that the reason why we ought
to have the control was because tile bill which
they were now considering had to come to us
for linul action, and therefore as we could not
adjourn until that bill passed, we ought to
have the control of the question of adjourn-
ment.
The Senator ought not to put me in the
position of being disrespectful to the House,
or quote my language us being disrespectful
to the House. 1 state here, and I have said
that I do not desire to cast any disrespect on
the House. On the contrary, I expect to vote
for and hope to see the resolution of the House
adopted, and the day fixed by them rather
than the day fixed by the Senate made the
day of our adjournment—that the resolution
of the House shall be the one which will
finally adjourn the two bodies.
This idea of attempting to get up a feeling
of jealousy between the two Houses is wrong;
it tends to lower us. I disclaim any disre-
spect to the House of Representatives. I too
long shared m the counsels of the House of
Representatives ever to en'eitain for a mo
meat any leeling but that of the highest re-
spect for the direct representatives of the
people. Nothing that I have ever said or
done since I have been a member of this
body has even tended to show that I had not
the verj highest respect lor that body which
above all others in this Government is the
direct representative of the people of the
United Smtes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. " By their works shall
ye know them." Mr. Pivsidmt. I believe, if
not Scripture, is a solemn truth. 1 do not
know what the intentions of the Senator from !
Ohio are exceept by his acta. Reasonable j
beings are responsible for the consequences
which necessarily follow their action. The
Senator from Ohio disclaims any intention
to reflect upon the House of Representatives.
I accept that disclaimer, and doubtless the
House will, that he does not mean to do it.
The Senator does not mean to treat the Repre-
sentatives of the people with disrespect. He
does not mean to treat a coordinate branch
ot' the Government as if it were an inferior
branch of the legislative department. But,
sir, his language is that we ought to control
the question of adjournment. If we control
it, it is because of some superiority upon our
part over the House of Representatives.
The Senator says we are to take the final
action upon a bill which is to reduce the reve-
nues of the country. Why are we to take it?
Does anybody suppose, does the Senator sup-
pose that the bill that shall come here from
the House will not be returned to the House
again by us? Is it at all probable that we
shall accept it without amendment, without
addition, or without striking anything from it?
No one expects that, and we no more take
final action upon that bill than does the House
take final action upon it.
And we have no reason to suppose that the
House of Representatives will take up the
Senate resolution which has lain on their table
now for some three or four months. We have
no more right to suppose that they will take
it up and concur in it and adjourn Congress
with the business undone, with the revenues
unreduced, than we have ttiat the Senate will
do it. I say that this is a reflection upon the
House of Representatives when you propose
to hold in your own hand the power to adjourn
the House and are not willing that they should
have the power to adjourn the Senate. If the
Senator from Ohio does not mean a disre-
spect to the House, let him couple his reso-
lution to recall from the House of Represent-
atives a resolution which we have sent them
with another proposition returning to them
the resolution for adjournment which they
have sent us. Place them on equal terms
with us. At the same time that you recall
your own resolution, place in the hands of the
House power over theirs; send back theirs;
and do not put their resolution in your pocket
and say to the House of Representatives, " I
will hold the power in my hands to adjourn
you, but I will take away from you the power
to adjourn me." If fairness, if equality, if
courtesy is to obtain between the two branches
of Congress, then when you refuse to let the
House of Representatives pass upon your res-
olution do not retain theirs.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We should not refuse to
return it if they asked for it. It would be an
insult, to send it back to them without their
asking for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It would be no greater
insult to send it back than it is to recall your
own with the avowal that of course we should
control the question of adjournment; and if
the House, treating the discourtesy of the
Senate with courtesy on its part; if waiving
this, I had almost said insult, the House should
with courtesy return the resolution, I should
hope that they would accompany it with a
request to reuirn their resolution if the Senate
did not think proper to send it back, which I
think they ought to do when they recall their
own.
Mr. President, I oppose this resolution not
because I am in favor of adjourning on the
29th of May, though I hope we may he able to
adjourn at that day, but I am willing to stay
heio with the Senator from Ohio until the 3d
ol June or the 8d of July if it be necessary
and my staying here will reduce the revenues
of the country to a proper standard, will
abolish unnecessary otficos, and relieve the
people.
llr. MORTON. Mr. President, it seems to
me the Senator from Illinois h is seized upon
an expression made use of by the Senator from
Ohio for the purpose of making something out
of nothing. The idea that if the House was
to-day to send a request, to the Senate to
return the resolution passed the day before
yesterday in regard to the adjournment, the
Senate would thereby be insulted seems to me
to be absurd. If the Senate sends a request
to the House to return a resolution that the
Senate may havo passed, is there any ground
in the world for saying that it is an insult? Is
not this a mere conjuration ? Is it not making
something out of nothing? Where does the
insult come in? Why, Mr. President, it is a
matter of almost every-day occurrence that
one House sends a message to the other recall-
ing a bill or a resolution for one reason or
another, and I never heard it even suggested
that it was an insult. Where is the founda-
tion for saying it is an insult ?
It was said by the Senator from Illinois a
few minutes ago that the resolution we sent to
the House proposing an adjournment on the
29th of May was for partisan purposes. I
deny it. I offered the resolution. It was not
done upon consultation with any member of
the Senate, so far as I remember. I offered
it upon my own judgment. I was unwilling to
have Congress sit here during the summer.
I wanted to be at home; I did not want to
remain here during the hot weather; and I
believed Lhen, as I believe now that if Con-
gress would fix the time of adjournment at
an early period both Houses could work up to
it; and if the House of Representatives had
passed that resolution at any time within six
weeks after it passed the Senate, both Houses
would be in condition to adjourn on the 29th
of May; but in the House of Representatives
it was buried in a committee; nothing was
done. It was supposed here that it would not
be passed by the House. We went on and
wasted time from week to week, adjourned
from Thursday to Monday and from Thursday
to Monday, and then from Friday to Mon-
day, wasting day after day. 1 argued before
the Senate then that if we fixed a day we
should not waste time, but we should work
our business off. So I believed, and so I
believe now.
There was no partisan purpose in it. Those
who suspected that I was moyed by a partisan
purpose must have judged me by their own con-
victions. There are those who see a partisan
purpose in everything; not even the simplest
thing can be done without their seeing some
deep partisan purpose and scheme lying at the
bottom of it. The Senator from Illinois was
opposed to it then; and now he is opposed to
calling the resolution back. I do not care
whether it is called back or not. I shall vote
for calling it back, hut I am indifferent on the
subject.
But suppose that I was to argue in respect to
the Senator from Illinois as he does in regard
to myself, that he is now anxious to force an
adjournment before the business of the coun-
try is transacted, that he is now anxious to
force an adjournment before the bill reducing
taxation is passed, to leave the business unfin-
ished, and to leave the dominant party in an
awkward position ? I should have just as much
right to do it as he has to charge upon me that
this was done for partisan purposes.
1 believed that we could dispose of our busi-
ness before the 29th of May, and I believe so
now ; but there have been delays. I will not
say who is responsible for them ; the House
of Representatives refused to act upon the
resolution ; and now I am not willing to ad-
journ, if we have to stay here until next fall,
until we have passed a bill reducing taxation
at least $50,000,000; until we have passed all
the laws that are necessary to carry oil this
Government, and to do our duty to the people
as nearly as we can. It was not because I
wanted to force an adjournment, but because
I wanted to arrive at an early adjournment as
soon as all the business was done. [ stand
ready to vote for the House resolution if we can
