1812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
House resolve itself - into Committee of the
"Whole 011 the state of the Union for ihe par-
pose of considering the Post Office appropria-
tion bill, but before making that motion I move
that all debate on the pending paragraph be
limited to half an hour.
Mr. WOOD. Make it one hour.
Mr. PALMER. Well, I will modify my
motion and say one hour.
Mr. HOLMAN. Can this motion to close
debate be made as to the whole bill?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman refers only to the pending paragraph.
The question was taken on Mr. Palmer's
motion, and it was agreed to.
Mr. PALMER. I now move that the rules
be suspended and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1070) making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for the
year ending Jane 30, 1873.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending paragraph
before the committee is the following:
For steamship service between San Francisco,
Japan, and China, ยง500,000,
Thegentleman from Michigan [Mr. Conger]
moves to amend this paragraph by striking out
all after the word " China," and inserting in
lieu thereof:
One million dollars: Provided, That the steam-
ship company shnll perform said service semi-
monthly in ships of American construction.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] moves, as a substitute for the amend-
ment, the following:
Provided, That the steamship company shall per-
form thesorvicesemi-monthly, and may perform the
said service in ships of foreign construction.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I desire to offer an
amendment to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. There are two amend-
ments already pending.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. The gentleman can
move to amend the original paragraph.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to make a sug-
gestion, and it is that during the hour when
debate is to run it shall not be necessary to
take up time in offering formal amendments,
but that the debate shall run under the five-
minutes rule.
Mr. EA RNSWORTH. That is a good idea.
The CHAIRMAN. Do the committee assent
to the proposition? The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
Mr. HALDEMAN. Mr. Chairman, I re-
gret that this initial measure of subsidy should
he introduced in such manner as to prevent
comprehensive discussion, yet I shall con-
cisely attempt, to show that in opposing subsi-
dies and land grants one may yet be a pro-
gressive Democrat and sincere patriot. The
ends I aim at may seem visionary and the
ideas which influence me may appear tran-
scendental. But it must be remembered that
if you wish to shoot high you must aim at the
sun, and my aim will be found to be noble and
my ideas generous. They may be dreams, but
great men and women have indulged them.
Mr. Chairman, for years 1 have read and
listened to debates involving, more or less,
the principle of this amendment. I have lis-
tened witn curiosity and- interest, not that I ex-
pected anything new or novel, but because it
interested me to discover a curious division of
the members of this House by a line deeper
and more fundamental and more radical than
the party designations by which we are usually
known and distinguished.
What the pritral cause I know not. Whether
it be peculiarity of mental constitution, polit-
ical education, or social surroundings, yet the
fact remains that we are divided on this floor,
radically and essentially, in our views as to
the objects and powers of this Government.
The distinction goes as far back as the days
when those intellectual and representative
giants, Hamilton and Jefferson, contended as
to the shape and direction which should be
given'to our institutions. Jefferson conquered,
and Hamilton accepted the Republic under
protest, although in good faith and as a trial
scheme.
Jefferson held, as the preamble declares,
that the people of the United States estab-
lished tbe Constitution in order to form a
mure perfect Union, establish justice, insure
domestic tranquillity, provide for the common
defense, promote the general welfare, and
secure the blessings of liberty to themselves
and their posterity. Class or partial or local
or special legislation Jefferson fought while
living and his disciplescontend against to day.
Both Hamilton and Jefferson sought the future
greatness, prosperity, and happiness of this
country, but they differed widely as to the
character which that greatness and prosperity
should assume. -
Then, as now, the future of this country was
assured. It is written in the constitution of
things. 'No tongue can tell, no pen describe,
no imagination conceive the future grandeur,
wealth, and power of the people who shall
inhabit this continent. Its aggregate wealth
and its national power a century hence will be
such as the world lias never seen or conceived
of'; but the tendency and character of your
legislation in this genera'ion will decide how
that wealth shall be divided and in whose in-
terest that power shall be wielded. We are
each year now voting whether we intend this
to be a republic similar to that of Rome, and
composed of patricians and plebeians, or a
Carthaginian republic, or a republic like in
essence to the Government of Great Britain,
where an .aristocracy legislates for themselves
and have thus reduced the mass to a condition
of gross ignorance and horrible want; -whether
we intend this to be an imperial republic, with
some clashes well-bred, well-born, well-edu-
cated, and well to do, concentrating in their
own hands the wealth, and wielding the power
of this mighty people, so that one hundred
years hence the philanthropic statesman of
America will have to seek, as the philanthro-
pist of England does to-day, for the injured,
degraded classes of society as though they
weie lost Atlantic cables, sunk and lost, six
thousand fathoms deep, down among the ooze
and slime of the ocean's bottom, and then
grapple for them, and through tribulation,
blood, and sorrow bring these masses of hu-
manity to the surface, where they may enjoy
God's free air and the gifts of a beneficent
Providence.
I differ, possibly, from the distinguished
gentleman fiorn New York as to the manner
in which our destiny is to be fulfilled, but I do
not yield to him as a progressive Democrat
and an earnest American. My dreams and
aspirations may go further than his.
I not only expect the conquering column of
American civilization, with its yearly accession
of five hundred thousand of the most energetic
blood of Europe to its ranks, shall go resist-
lessly forward in the fulfillment of its mission
of subduing this continent to the uses of man;
a conquering column greater far than all the
hosts ever led by Ghengis Khan, Timour the
Tartar, or Tamerlane, because it is a column
of peaceful civilization that builds in its tri-
umphant march towns and cities, school-houses
and churches; a column which goes persist-
ently forward, stretching out railroads and
telegraph lines like scouting antenna into the
wilderness, and all this because it is a column
of freemen, taught that individuals like nations
must rely upon-their own untrammeled exer-
tions, but not depend upon a fostering protect-
ing, paternal, and consequently dwarfing and
destroying Government. I not only expect, I
say, Mr. Chairman, that this column of civiliza-
tion shall plant a nation ofone hundred million
people upon this continent, under just and im-
partial laws in a true republic, but I hope that
(our institutions having been preserved ni their
purity and according to the original design)
all the nations of the earth shall be brought
under the influence of the Republic and perme- .
ated by our example.
In my dreams I dream the dream of Eng-
land's Elizabeth, and the ablest ruler who ever
sat upon the throne of France, and I hope that
Henry IV's "great design " shall be more than
fulfilled. I believe that God in His providence
intends that there shall be established on this
earth a sanhedrim of the nations, an areop-
agus of the peoples, a parliament of men, a
consolidarity of humanity, a true and just
Internationale. I dream the dream of battle-
flags furled, of war-drums cea.-ing to throb,
of a congress of man keeping peace among the
nations of the earth.
In voting against the proposed increase of
subsidy to the Pacific Mail Steamship Com-
pany I do not wish to be placed in the attitude
of one who yields to any in the strong desire
which 1 feel that the flag of the Republic shall
everywhere, and on every sea and every ocean,
supersede the robber banner of Great Britain.
This 1 do not expect through subsidies to a
corporation here or a monopoly there, but
through profound influences and natural causes,
whereby shall be accomplished the decree of
nature and of nature's God, that the cross of
St George shall be lowered betore the stars
and stripes. Indeed, I am one of those who
believe that the statesmen of this country may
possibly be called upon to consider, some de-
cades hence, should the beautiful theoretic
harmony be preserved between local sell-gov-
ernment and a central authority with limited
power and duties, whether a cluster of States
from the West India islands and a cluster of
States from the islands of Great Biitain shall
be admitted beneath the protecting folds of
that flag.
Should the people of England succeed in
course of time in overthrowing and eradicat-
ing the horrible effects of class legislation and
class domination, and become a people of
freemen under impartial laws, it will then be
well to consider whether, as Carthage became
chief over her parent Phoenician cities, so we,
by slight amendment to our constitutional sys-
tem, shall not admit among the stars of that
flag a constellation of stars representing the
islands ot Great Britain. Thus, too, that
beautiful comparison of our system of gov-
ernment to the heavenly bodies will be ren-
dered still more perfect, for we shall have
stars and constellations of stars revolving
around a central authority which gives intel-
lectual light and warmth according to fixed,
general, universal, and impartial lavfrs, but does
not operate spasmodically, specially, locally,
and with partiality.
message from the senate.
Here the committee rose informally; and
the Speaker having taken the chair, a mes-
sage from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson, one
of its clerks, announced that the Senate had
passed without amendment the bill (H. R. No.
1867) for tbe relief of James T. Johnston.
post office appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole then resumed
the consideration of the Post Office appropria-
tion hill.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I had
not thought of taking pirt in this debate, and
should not now do so but for the fact that it
has been assumed by several gentlemen who
have preceded me in the course of this discus-
sion that the .agricultural districts of this
country were called upon to antagonize this
proposition. Representing as I do a district
largely agricultural, I am unwilling to seem
to acquiesce in the theory that such a constit-
uency has any less interest in the question
involved in this appropriation than other con-
stituencies have, or any fainter appreciation
of the vast national importance of seizing and
