1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1813
controlling the swiftly augmenting commerce
of the Pacific.
It seems to me that we have been plied with
strange arguments in the discussion of this
question on the part of those who oppose this
appropriation. One gentleman has told us
tliat we are trustees in our capacity here as
Representatives, and have no right to make this
appropriation. Another gentleman has told
us that this is but an entering-wedge, a pioneer
proposition, to be followed by a series of other
propositions of a similar character, and there-
fore we ought not to taake this appropriation.
Another gentleman has assured us that com-
merce is governed by fixed principles of law,
and that we need not make this appropriation.
And others still have shouted in ourears thecry
of "Subsidy!" "Subsidy!" as if gentlemen
on this floor were to be governed in their con-
victions of duty in regai d to great questions
of' this character by the rattling in our ears of
some combination of letters of the alphabet
in lieu ot arguments addressed to our judg-
ment. Meanwhile no attempt is made to
satisfy the House that we can command this
trade and make it subservient to out-prosperity
without such a measure.
It seems to me that this whole question is
in a veiy narrow compass. American enter-
prise unaided and unsupported cannot enter
into successful competition with foreign enter-
prise supported-, fostered, and aided by the
power of the British Government. And the
question is simply whether we shall withdraw
from this ocean commerce ; whether we shall
yield it up to our rival; whether we shall con-
sent to relinquish this opening trade to another
Power. Great Britain, with her one hundred
and twenty-two thousand square miles of ter-
ritory, every foot of which might be sunk in
one of our larger lakes without seriously inter-
fering with our lake commerce, to-day controls
one third of the commerce of the world. Of
an ocean commerce amounting to $9,000,000,-
000, that little Government controls $3,000,-
000,000, and she has acquired this vast busi-
ness and holds it by subsidies amounting to
millions annually. Here now is this nation
of ours, the natural rival of England on the
seas; a continent with forty million people,
with an ocean on one side and an ocean on
the other side; with more than fitty-four thou-
sand miles of railroad in active operation, one
third of all the railroads in the world ; with as
enterprising people as exists on the face of
the globe; with an inland traffic every day
augmenting and now amounting to millions
upon millions; and the question simply is
whether this nation thus surrounded, and with
such a magnificent oppoituuity before it, shall
surrender this Pacific ocean commerce, which
it seems to me is within our reasonable reach,
to a rival Power. That is the question which
we are called upon to solve. Will we have
or will we spurn a commercial business which
will pay us ten dollars for every one we in-
vest?
Upon the general proposition of voting sub-
sidies, I feel, I think, as reluctant to enter
upon that system of legislation as any gentle-
man here. But I am still more reluctant to
yield this opportunity to control this great
Pacific trade. And it seems to me that it
comes right to this point: whether we shall
yield, whether we shall give up this oppor-
tunity which is afforded us, or whether we
shall reach out and seize and control it, and
make it profitable to this nation, as we have it
in our power to do.
Mr. COX. I was not here when this debate
began on this particular amendment nor on
this bill. I wish to speak now in the interest
of my constituents. I speak not merely for
the merchants and ship-owners of New York,
but in the interests of the people of New York
and the country, when 1 object to all subsidies.
In this connection, Mr. Chairman, I present
the petition of the Marshalls, Miniums, Mor-
gans, and some hundreds of other shippers and
merchants of New York city, against all sub-
sidies. In whatever form they may be asked
for, by private parties or by corporations,
whether by tariffs or tax, bounties or gratui-
ties, I object. When it comes to giving sub-
sidies for our shipping, a large field of inquiry
opens. When itopens, the discarded and gen-
erous merchants of New York object. There
will be another opportunity for my statement
of the reasons for these objections wheu th'e
commerce bills come in.
One thing I may say in regard to our ship-
ping. It is gone. I do not now propose to
inquire whether it has been destroyed by the
Alabamas. That has already been discussed.
We know the small per cent, destroyed by the
rebel privateers. It is haruly worth consider-
ing in comparison with the great and general
loss. 1 do not propose to inquire how much
has been lost of our shipping by port charges,
though I could show to gentl.-men upon this
floor that the port charges even of Ne>v Yoik
and of Maine and other places have tended
to discourage and depreciate our snipping. I
love to be authentic. 1 quote from the New
York Times of yesteiday to show ib.it our piers
are not more than half occupied, and the cause
assigned (true in part, perhaps) is the high and
oppressive charges against vessels, including
quarantine, wharfage, pilotage, harbor-mas-
ters, labor, &c., worse, it is said, than in any
other port in the world, unless I may say the
ports of Maine. Why Maine?
Must I refer to the incomplete statement
of the honorable member from Maine, [Mr.
Hale?] Well, why did he stop his quotation
showing the grievances of our shipping friends
in Maine just at the wrong comma? May I
quote, first, from a future member of Con-
gress from Maine, Mr. Simpson, in contradic-
tion of the points made by my friend, [Mr.
Hale ?]
In quoting from a letter from St. John,
New Brunswick, March 24, 1871, written by
Henry McGilvery, the master of a new bark,
the Mendez, the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Hale] stopped at the wrong period. He
should have said what Captain McGilvery
said:
" To clear anew vessel from the oustoru-house here
costs about five or six dollars. Xo clear the Mendez
from Belfast cost ©102. . .
" This 13 not the worst feature m the navigation
laws. Every time a ship-master clears or enters his
vessel at the custom-house hois obliged to make oath
to a falsehood. There is no avoiding it, and all riar-
ties in it know it to be so. In the ease of the Men-
dez, for instance, the captain, to coutorm to the laws
of the United States, makes up his shipping articles
for some kind of a voyage to return to the United
States, as he cannot clear lor a foreign port other-
wise. He then ships a crew by the run to bt. John,
puts theii uames on tho articles for the voyage, and
clears as the laws require. "Well, he comes here and
pays the crew off, and they go home as agreed.
".Now, he must go to the American onsul and
make oath that his crew have deserted, as there is
no law by which you can legally discharge a sailor
in a foreign port. Thecustom-house officials at .Bel-
fast know all this, the consul here knows just what
is done; still, with all this humbuggery . those Con-
gressmen expect us to respect them. They get our
money, and we get in return the worst laws it is pos-
sible for us to have.
"I do believe I could come here and build ves-
sels and make money by it. They do not have so
good system in buildii\g as wo. They do not need
to study economy and manage as we do. ihcy have
at least twenty-five per cent, advantage to start
with, setting aside the differuuce in our ships, i will
agree to build a ship of the same class and materials
here at twenty-five per cent, less than iu Beliast.
I could set a ship up here right alougside oi them,
and make money at their cost prices.
4* I think now I shall give up trying to build ships,
when I realize, as one must here, what disadvan-
tages we are laboring under. _ .
•''The Mendez works very nicely, carries a large
cargo.and is ready for sea, bound to Havana.
" I shall leave here for home next Monday, by the
American steomerNew England toPortland,thence
by cars to Belfast, and be glad when I get away irom
S" Yours, truly, HENRY HcGILVERY."
Thus it will appear that there are port and
other charges even in Maine worse than even
New York. From this itappears that whereas
in St. John, New Brunswick, it only takes
five or six dollars to fit out a ship in^tbe
way of port charges, in Maine it costs $182
and more, by reason of that and other impedi-
ments to commercial operations.
I come now to something else. Sir, we caa
only remove the impediments to the revival
of shipping by doing away with all subsidies.
I mean by a 11 subsidy " anything given to one
man, or to a few men, or to corporations of
men, at the expense of the people, or the
Treasury, or the Government.
When you abolish the subsidies which yonr
tariff creates, you then begin the work ; but
you do not begin to remove the mischief when
you add more subsidy to the,subsidy which
has already throttled our commerce; the peo-
ple understand this, or will.
Mr. NEGLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. COX. I have only five minutes.. If
the committee will give me an additional five
minutes 1 will hear the gentleman, and will
respond to him.
Mr. Chairman, I might argue against subsi-
dies on the ground ot i.atural jus'ice or equity,
I quote John Stuart Mill; the best writer oa
political ethics known to the world of science.
In his volume on Liberty, he says:
" Xo prevent the weaker members of the commun-
ity from being preyed upon by innumerable vul-
tures, it was needful that there should be an animal
of prey stronger than the rest commissioned to keep
them down. But, as the king of the vultures would
be no less bent upon preying on the flock than any
of the minor harpies, it was indispensable to be in a.
perpetual attitude of defense against his beak and
his claws. The aim, therefore, of patriots was to set •
limits to tho power which the ruler should be suffered
to exercise over the community ; and this limitation
was what they meant by liberty."
Why not, then, Mr. Chairman, deny here
and now, first to the vultures, (the corpora-
tions,) and second to the king of vultures, the
power to kill and devour ?
The other day, in this House, when I un-
dertook to speak against the restrictions on
trade between China and the eastern portion
of the United States, by reason, first, of the
natural blockade of snow, and next by reason- .
of a contract made between the overland rail-
roads and the Pacific Mail Steamship Com-
pany, which now asks our charity, the gentle-
man from California, [Mr. Sargent,] who has
since been instructed somewhat by his State
in regard to this business, undertook to repel
my statements in reference to the Panama
railroad and the contract that had been made
between the overland railroads and the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company.
Mr. SARGENT. I say now what I said
then.
Mr. COX. Ay! but I can c rreet you, sir.
With all respect, to the honorable Senator from
California, [laughter,] I will show from a de-
tailed statement, carefully prepared in the
office of the Panama Railroad Company, that
the overland railroad company has made an
unjust arrangement. Somebody has piled up
teas which the people of the Bast or the mid-
land in this country could not get by reason
of the snow blockade. We might have had
them at a cheaper rate but for a contract for-
bidding any bills of lading or transportation
by other than the plugged Panama route. Yet
subsidies are asked iu restraint of trade.
I can show that all the gentleman said about
the Panama Railroad Company was unjust to
that company, unjust to commerce, unjust to
the people, unjust to the consumers ^of silk,
teas, and other Asiatic products, and unjust'
to those who desire cheap transportation of
products to this country over the Pacific sea.
At the conclusion of my remarks I will ask to
have read, so that my friend from California'
may hear and answer, a letter from Mr. Joy,
the honored president of the Panama railroad.
In this letter be vindicates his railroad com-
pany against the charge made by the gentle-
man. That railroad was abused by the gen-
tleman. I dare to speak for it here, knowing
something of its early history. _ I dare to say a
good word for its early enterprise and romantic
history.
