1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
917
tfie troops from Jjoavenworfch and Omaha are coming
in. ihave taken all nepessnry steps to ineetthecon-
dition of affairs here/ And he says, in his dispatch
to the Adjutant General of the 12th of October: 'As
there may be some trouble here when the banks
have to settle with their depositors, and to keep
down excitement. I have deemed it best to ask Gen-
eral Halleck for four companies of infantry, which
he has notified me he has in readiness at Louisville
and finally, as the expression of his own opinion
of the completeness with which he, in his military
capacity, had grasped all the powers of the govern-
ment of Chicago, hesays in hisletter to the Adjutant
General of the 29th of October: 'Almost before the
freat conflagration in this city had exhausted itself,
saw the necessity of having a few companies of
regular troops here for the preservation of the pub-
lic peace and the protection of property and treasure.
Their services were invaluable, but a<? soon as the
excitement subsided the old city government de-
sired to again take charge, and of course I sent the
troops home, altough it had been my intention to
keep four companies here during the winter/"
The Governor then proceeds:
"And the General commanding the Army seems
also to have fallen into the dangerous error of sup-
posing that Ins official military powers are para-
mount to the Constitution and the laws. He in-
dorsed upon the report made by LieutenantGenerr.l
Sheridan of his operations while enforcing military
rule in Chicago his approval of all the acts of his
subordinates, and that, too, with an emphasis that
he seems to have supposed will preclude all ques-
tion of the propriety of his conduct; and on the31st
of October, when the same officer applied to him for
leave to bring other troops to Chicago, he not only
responded favorably to his wishes, but informed him
that the troops were to act as police.
" It is due to the dignity of the people of the State,
that I should say that I cannot consent that the
grave and important subjects that X have urged
upon the attention of the President shall be decided
by an ofiicer of the Araiy ; but I must hereafter, as
I have done in the past, protest against all interfer-
ence by the officers of the Army in the affairs of
this State. I must protest against such interference,
because it will establish a precedent dangerous to
liberty, because it familiarizes the people with mili-
tary rule, and inspires them with distrust of the
capability of civil government to afford them need-
ful protection; and it, is now for the representatives
of the free people of the State to discharge their
duties according to their own convictions and sub-
ject to their own responsibilities.
JOHN W. PALMER."
While in all this the Governor protested
against the occupancy of the city by the Army
of the United States in defiance of law and
Constitution, and without his demand or that
of the Legislature of the State, he found it pos-
sible to do so without impugning the motives
of either the President or Generals Sheridan
and Sherman.
In a letter to the President, he said, on the
20th of November, 1871:
"I am not forgetful that your excellency says,
' th at what was done in respect to ordering the troops
to Chicago was upon the ground of emergency, to
aid a peoplo who had suffered greatly •' but, in this
view, it seems to me that the General commanding
the Army overlooked the fact that the disastrous lire
at Chicngo did not relieve the State of Illinois from
any of its duties, nor transfer any of them to the
Government of the United States."
" The duty of the President is to see that the laws
of the United States are enforced, and that of the
Governor of Illinois is confined to the enforcement
of tho laws of the State."
Oil the 6th day of January, 1872, not while
the fire was raging at Chicago, more than
two months after all danger was removed, the
whole question, presented as I have stated
from the Governor's message, was made the
subject of a report from a committee of the
house of representatives of the State of Illi
nois, in which the good intentions of General
Sheridan and the mayor were admitted, while
their acts were condemned in unmeasured
terms.
The committee submit evidence to show—
" That the police force of the city were intact and
on duty, with a. well drilled force of twelve hundred
and fifty mc.n in reserve in case of emergency, and
fully able to afford needful protection ; that on that
day there was a complete formal surrender, by the
mayor to General Sheridan, of the police-power and
regulation of tho city."
That from first to last there was good order,
and 110 hanging of men to lamp posts, is also
affirmed by the committee.
ISut the committee shall speak for itself.
It said:
"Thirdly, this body of armed men was organized
in violation of the law, and their regul.ttion.uo in-
terrupt the passage of orderly citizens to ami from
their .homes and places of business can be charac-
terized by no milder term than an outrage upon the
civil rights of the people."
They say also:
"And it is to be regretted that the President has
not yet seen fit to comply with the request of the
Governor, long since made, and revoke the order to
the United States troops lately sent to Chicago to
perform police duty in that city in violation of the
constitution and laws of the State."
Every citizen of the State of Illinois has had
the_ opportunity to hear that declaration of the
majority report of the committee of the house
of representatives of Illinois, that they were
not able even so lately as in January to have
the President revoke the order of his military
subordinates, or to withdraw troops who were
policing the city in violation of the constitu-
tion and laws of the State of Illinois.
"In conclusion the committee feel it their duty
to declaretiiat theconstitution and laws of the State
of Illinois, and the agencies created thereby, were
adequate, and have been at all times fully equal to
the protection of all the rights and interests of the
people of the State."
Among the resolutions reported by the com-
mittee was one in the following language:
"Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to modify the orders to the troops now
in Chicago, so as to prohibit them from interfering
in the internal affairs of this State, or that he with-
draw them from the State."
But I am not willing to leave this branch of
my investigation without allowing Governor
Palmer to speak by his message of November
15, 1871, as follows:
" The tuayor. the mere executive officer of a city,
created by the laws of this State, without control
oyer the police and with only the general power of
a conservator of the peace, abdicated some of the
most important functions and duties of his office,
and, in connection with this refusal to discharge his
own duties, attempted to place the laws of the State
under the feet of a citizen, [General Sneridan,] who,
forgetful of his own duly to respect, obey, and en-
force the laws, in the capacity of an officer of the
United States Army, availing himself of the color of
authority conferred upon him by the mayor, sub-
jected his fellow-citizens to military rule. No officer
of the United States or of the State of Illinois has
the constitutional or legal authority to exercise
such transcendent power ; for Lieutenant General
Sheridan employed the troops of the United States
in a manner not authorized by Federal laws. He
raised troops without the consent of Congress, and
imposed upon them an unlawful oath.
" Hedisregarded the provision of theconstitution
of the State which provides that' the military shall
be in strict subordination to the civil power,' and
by posting hisguardsand sentinels upon the streets
of a populous city, with instructions to arrest per-
sons passing upon them, and to tire upon thera in
case of a refusal to obey their authority, the life of
a citizen, who was under the protection of the laws,
was destroyed,"
A minority report was also submitted to the
House of Representatives in conjunction with
the majori'y report from which 1 have quoted,
but in that case they plead the rule of •' good
intentions" in bar of condemnation, while
admitting violations of law.
But, sir, the question came before the Legis-
lature of the State of Illinois, and the Legis-
lature, by a resolution, indorsed the action of
Governor Palmer, and refused to pass a reso-
lution indorsing the action of the President,
showing that the people are ttred of this ever-
lasting interference on the part of Congress
and the military with their rights inside their
cities and inside their States, setting aside their
laws, their constitutions, their mayors, and
their Governors. Illinois has spoken oil this
question to the nation, aud in our legislation
we had better heed that voice which comes up
from the prairies of the West.
From these messages, reports, and letters
of the Governor and President it appears that
after the attention of the President was called
to the fact that the Governor of Illinois pro-
tested that the United States military had
prostrated the civil rule of the city of Chicago,
still, as the resolution of the House committee
shows, even up to January G, 1872, the obnox-
ious orders were not modified or the troops
withdrawn from the State. The only thing
done was to refer the whole matter to General
Sheridan, by sending the letter of Governor
Palmer of 20th of November to the War
Department "with directions to inform Gen-
eral Sheridan that if the troops under his
command had received any orders which in
any way conflicted with the provisions of the
constitution or the laws of the State of Illinois,
he should rescind them:" thus leaving an offi-
cer to construe constitution and laws who
had "grasped all the powers of the govern-
ment of the city of Chicago," and "raised
troops without, the consent of Congress," and
had disregarded that plain provision of the
United States Constitution which provides
that on application of the Legislature or the
Executive of a State the United States will
protect against " domestic violence;" who, in
a word, had substituted a mayor for a Legis-
lature, and the application of citizens for
that of the Governor of a State, and in pre-
suming to protect against domes-tic violence,
had assumed to be himself the United States
Government.
Having received a letter from the Secretary
of War, dated December 30, 1871, in which
that officer said:
"The President and Secretary of War have tajisn
care to be fully advised upon all General Sheridan's
measures, and to hold the control over them in
their own hands."
The Governor replied, January 8, 1872, as
follows:
"The obj,ect of my letter of November 20.1871, to
the President, was to secure his attention to acts of
two of his military subordinates, that were pot pjily
illegal, but of the most serious and dangerous polit-
ical consequence. General Sheridan assumed to
disregard all the officers of the State of Illinois, and
the constitution and laws by which such officers are
created and their duties defined; and also so far
transcended the proper duties of a military officer
under the laws of the United Slates, as to ask from
the War Department four companies of infantry to
be sent to Chicago to oversee a portion of us popu-
lation that he characterized as 'turbulent;' and
General Sherman, in response to the application of
General Sheridan, on the 31st of October, 1871"—
After the fire had been extinguished for two
or three weeks—
" ordered four companies of infantry to Chicago to
act as police."
In concluding this letter the Governor of
| Illinois ''expressed his profound regret that
j the President did not feel at liberty to dis-
avow the acts of Generals Sheridan and Sher-
man, introducing troops into the State of Illi-
nois at their discretion, to act as police, or
otherwise interfere in its internal affairs."
Fellow-Senators, there is the evideuce that
we have of what is coming from practices
showing such a want of respect for the Hues
of States, the laws of the States, aud the au-
thority of the States under the Constitution
of the United States.
But Pi,epub!ican Governors of the several
States have not only protested against nrli-
ij tary usurpations under cover of law and from
ji the orders of military commanders, but also
;! from the acts of Federal officeholders, an-
■' pointed and continued iu office by the Presi-
;; dent of the United States.
i The point I make is this; that where we
have legislated so recklessly, the Army has
! followed us equally as recklessly, an* the
j Federal officeholders, taking example by our
legislation and the action of the Army, have
; set themselves up also with as much despotic
:i arrogance as the military have ever assumed.
], It is all from the same teaching and from the
j! practice of license drawn from the same
! school.
Desiring to be accurate in everyihing, I must,
quote from the message of Governor War-
moth, of Louisiana, to the Legislature of
1S72, in which he used this language;
|| " In this State Federal interference in State mat-
ij ters has gone far bcyonu what it did in those States
' to which congressional attention has been directed,
it It has embraced not only bribery, the use of patron-
!j age, and the active, undisguised interference of
: Fedoral employes as .such in political meetings. i>nt
' in addition to these reprehensible acts, the Federal
appointees in this State, or many of them, hare
resorted to menaces threats, the prostitution of
United States buildings to factious party purposes,
to the exclusion of the busings publu-. and beyond
this even, what is unprecedented in the history of
t Hi ^ colliery, iho employment and presence of large
numboi- •>( armed deputy United States marshals
and of armedUniied States troops to interfere i^ith,
menace, and control a political assemblage of citi-
