1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
question is a new one, lying outside the prov-
ince of any of the standing committees. I
hope, therefore, the proposition will stand as
it was originally made by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
The question was On Mr. Farnsworth's
amendment, that the reference should be to
the Committee on Appropriations; and being
taken, there were—ayes 100, noes 86.
Mr. UPSON called for tellers.
Tellers were refused.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is next
upon the proposition of the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. King,] which is to strike out
the resolution as now amended.
The question being taken, the motion to
strike out was disagreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the com-
mittee rise and report the resolutions to the
House.
Mr. COX. Before that motion is put, I ask
that the resolutions which have reference to
the Ways and Means and the Banking and
Currency Committees be again read, with a
view to my offering an amendment to them.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That so much of the annual message of
the President of the United States, to the two
Houses of Congress at the present session, together
with the accompanying documents, as relates to
the finances and taxation, to the receipts into the
Treasury, to the reduction of internal taxes, to the
readjustment of the tariff and the revision of any
of the laws relating thereto, to questions of reci-
procity between the Oanadas and the United States,
to the public debt and public credit, and to the
ways and means of supporting and meeting the lia-
bilities of the Government, be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Resolved, That so much of the said message and
documents as relates to banks and banking and
currency be referred to the Committee on Banking
and Currency.
Mr. COX. I propose to add to the latter
of these resolutions the following words:
And that the Committee on Banking and Currency
be directed to investigate the transaction of fund-
ing the live per cents, and have power to send for
persons and papers, and to report the amount of
any increase of the bonded debt, the agents em-
ployed and paid by the Secretary of the Treasury
for the service rendered, ali contracts pertaining to
the same, and the sums paid said agents.
Mr. Chairman, I offered a resolution yester-
day for the purpose of referring this matter to
the Committee of Ways and Means. The
chairman of that committee objected to that
resolution, as did also another gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Baxks.] I did not mean
in offering the resolution to imply or express
any reproach upon the honorable Secretary of
the Treasury. I supposed, of course, that
gentlemen on the other side of the House
would have been glad to see this matter,which
has been heralded through the papers, thor-
oughly examined. I proposed that it should
be examined by the friends, if you please, or
by a majority of the friends, of the Secretary
of the Treasury. But the gentlemen I men-
tion, and others en masse, objected to that
resolution, and to the investigation by the
Ways and Means. Since I failed in that, I
propose now to send this matter to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency. It is a
matter which properly pertains to that com-
mittee, and they, perhaps, will have more
leisure to attend to it than the Committee of
Ways and Means. Indeed, it concerns the
Committee on Banking more than 1 at first
supposed. The national banks have been
the medium for the subscriptions to the new
loan. Circulars on this topic have been issued
to them. The Secretary more than hints that
some of the banks who refuse to take the five
per cents ought to be, and will bo, abolished.
It is, therefore, clearly a case for the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency. If 1 might
quote from the Secretary's report, in confirm-
ation of my ideas and design, he says:
"Itwas also agreed that the subscriptions should
all be madethroughnational banks,and ccrtilicatos
of deposit therefor issued by said banks to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, bonds to be lodged with the
Treasurer of the United States for the amount of
the deposit. By a printed circular, issued on tho
10th of August, 1871, it was announced that national
banks making or obtaining subscriptions, payable
m com, would be designated by the Secretary of the
Treasury as depositaries of public money, on the
usual condition of placing in the hands of the
Treasurer of the United States bonds of the United
States for the security of such deposits; and that,
at the commencement of each month, notice would
be given of the redemption of an amount of bonds
equal to the amount of subscriptions in coin for the
preceding month, interest to cease in ninety days
from the date of such notice."
This matter, therefore, does concern the
banks of the country, and, therefore, the com-
mittee I have named. The banks, to a large
amount, I think $65,000,000, have already sub-
scribed for this loan, and without having the
advantages of certain other people who have
since_ subscribed under a peculiarly interest-
ing circumstance yet to be explained.
Even the Secretary of the Treasury, in his
report, which I will not now refer to, rather
confirms my thought of the necessity of this
inquiry. I gather from his report these facts :
It was agreed that subscriptions to this new
loan of five per cent, should all be made
through national banks, and certificates of
deposit therefor issued by said bank to the
Secretary of the Treasury, bonds to be lodged
with the Treasurer of the United States for
the amount of the deposit, &c. Under this
agreement the books were opened in this
country and in Europe, and by the last of
August subscriptions were obtained for the
entire amount offered.
On the 1st of September public notice was
given that one hundred millions of five-twenty
bonds of 1862 would bepaid on ihe 1st of De-
cember,''' and that the interest on them would
cease on that date. In this report the Secre-
tary assumes he would have to hold the money
received for three months. This is absurd ;
it is not the law. But, assuming that there is
such a law, may not the disputation be ended
by fair inquiry?
I repeat here now what my resolution of
yesterday said, and on authority almost as
direct as the Secretary's report, that hero has
been, in defiance of the law which we passed
last session, an increase of the public debt,
and of its interest. I am in favor of law and
of its observanoe, as written on our statute-
books. Gentlemen upon the other side and
upon this side of the House have spoken
loudly to-day for law and order. Nov let us
commence with the President and his Secreta-
ries. Let us examine whether they have com-
plied with the law; and if they have increased
the debt in this new and suspicious transac-
tion with this so-called syndicate—if anybody
knows what that is—let us, if we cannot im- ;
peach them legally, at least do it morally. I '
alleged, on authority, that the Secretary has |
paid more than the half of one per cent, for I
this business of placing the loan. This was the j
sum provided in the law. It was the limitation j
in compensation for services and agents for •
placing this loan in the market. A statement I
was made in a New York Republican paper, \
the Tribune, which came directly from the !
Secretary of the Treasury, from which it ap- ■
pears tliat there has been an infraction of law i
in two instances. It is our duty either to cor- j
reel the law so as to conform to the Secretary's ,
action, or else to reprimand him in some pub- ;
lie way, so that we may teach our officers their [
duty, after we have instructed them by legis- j
lation what that duty is.
1 now propose, Mr. Chairman, to have read j
this article as the basis of my resolution of
yesterday. It is also the basis of iny motion i
to-day. I send it to the Clerk's desk. i
The Clerk read as follows: j
"He is charged with having violated the law in I
two important particulars, namely, in increasing j
the public debt temporarily and in exceeding the '
one half of one per cent, allowed by the funding act
tor all expenses of placing tho loan. In the latter
part of tho first section of the act there is a positive
prohibition againstanyincrease of thedebfc. in these
words: ' Bntnothing in this act, or in anyothevlaw
now in force, shall be construed to author;?,e aiiy
increase whatever of the bonded debt of the United
States,'
"This provision, it is alleged, Mr. Boutwell entirely
disregarded, in allowing the six per cent, bonds re-
placed by the new five per cents to remain uncan-
celed and draw interest for the benefit of the syn-
dicate for the period of three months. During that
period the debt was virtually increased by the sum of
$130,000,000, and the Government paid double inter-
est on that sum for such period, the excess amount-
ing to nearly two million dollars. In other words,
the syndicate is allowed to receive interest for
ninety days on two sets of bonds by paying for one.
It gets interest on the new five per cents, and also
on the old six per cents, which should, according to
the intent of the law, have been canceled the day
the five per cents began to draw interest. And it is
not only on the five-twenties it holds itself that the
syndicate receives this handsome profit, but all the
bonds sent into the Treasury for conversion by the
banks by individuals in this country, and those ex-
changed in Europe by Assistant Secretary Richard-
son, arc put aside for three months before being
canceled, and the interest handed over to the syn-
dicate. The Government actually pays the syndi-
cate a large commission on business that is done by
the banks, and by its own agents, directly with the
Treasury, and with which the syndicate has nothing
to do. _
"It is not easy to see how the conclusion can be
escaped that the Secretary has made a large tem-
porary increase in the bonded debt, in violation of
the express terms of the statute. The other point
made against him appears to be equally well taken."
Mr. COX. I have nothing more to add,
except if there is any good reason why this
matter should be investigated by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, rather than the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency, why did the
gentleman object to my resolution yesterday
which sent it to the Ways and Means, of which
he is chairman ? If there is a good reason for
that investigation at all, why not send it to a
committee which is directly connected with the
subject? I do not wish to cast imputations
upon the Secretary of the Treasury. I pre-
sume that if he has paid any extra money to •
these agents, and increased our debt, (as he
lias,) it was, as he says, and as the Treasurer
of the United States seems to say, that it grew
out of his great anxiety to show the people
that he could place this five per cent,, loan of
$200,000,000 upon the market. But no exi-
gency, partisan, political, or pecuniary, allows
an officer to break law. The Secretary has
been so eager to get his five per cents off his
hands that be has overleaped not only the
spirit but the letter of the law. It becomes
us, however, as the law-makers, to see to it
that our laws are not the playthings of Secre-
taries or Presidents. I will not judge the
Secretary harshly till he is heard fully, but I
propose to have a committee pass upon the
matter, with power to send for persons and
papers, and then the House can judge him, and
can pass whatever law or censure to it may
seem necessary.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] asks the House to permit
him, as a member of the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency, to try the Secretary of the
Treasury for a violation of law, and then, in
order to qualify himself for the impartial dis-
charge of that duty, he announces to the House,
beforehand, that the Secretary has violated
the law. If anything would render it improper
togrant therequestof the gentleman from New
York it would be the fact that he ostentatiously
presents himself as disqualified in having be-
forehand charged the Secretary with violating
the law. On yesterday the House intrusted
the Committee of Ways and Means with that
duty. The gentleman's own resolution, at his
own request, was referred to that committee.
It pertains to the loan. It is true that certain
banks participated in carrying out that loan,
but it was a loan authorized through the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means originally, and it
belongs to the Committee of Ways and Means
to investigate it if any committee is to do it.
It is very singular that my friend manifests such
anxiety to take to himself the delicate position
of an impartial trier, while at the same time
he takes so much pains to announce to the
country that he is disqualified for the position.
I am one of those who prefer to hear the whole
question before I pronounce my decision upon
