22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
it, but I doubt not that the Secretary of the
Treasury is entirely willing to present himself ]
before any impartial committee of this House j
and to the country, and to show that he has
acted in strict conformity to the law when he
has had opportunity to. But whether he has
or has not, if his conduct is to be inquired
into, let it be by the committee having juris-
diction over loans, and by such members of
the committee as have not beforehand declared
that the Secretary has violated the law. Let
the matter remain where my friend, by his own
consent yesterday, let his own resolution go.
Mr. COX. "Why did you object to it yester-
day ?
Mr. DAWES. Wait one moment. Why
has my friend slept over Ms own proposition
of yesterday, that it should be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and waked up
this morning to renewed anxiety himself to
enter into the lists as both trier and judge?
Let the matter be where it was left yesterday. ;;
Mr. COX. The gentleman says, in answer jj
to ray statement, that I have prejudged this ;j
case. I have not altogether prejudged it. I
have heard the ease prima facie—ex parte, if jj
you will—and would be willing to hear further j;
from the other side. I do not follow the ex- ,
ample of the President of the United States j
and some others with reference to those j
arrested in the South, condemning the whole j
people as guilty without trial. _ ]
On yesterday I proposed to send this subject ,
to a committee of which the gentleman [Mr.
Dawes] is himself the honored chairman. .
He objected; his colleague [Mr. Banks] ob- !
jectcd; all that side of the House were ready |
to object. Why? Was it because it was not a j
proper investigation? Or was it because they ]
wished to shield the Secretary of the Treasury !
from any investigation whatever? Why did \
not the gentleman come forward and welcome j
the resolution, as he was wont to do in the j
palmy days when we fought all those doubtful |
questions? I did not propose a special corn- j
mittee; I would not attempt to fix that reproach |
upon the Secretary. I proposed to send the
subject to the committee which usually has
had charge of the funding system, and the gen-
tleman objected. And at the last moment I
was compelled to fling it into a committee
where I knew it would sleep the sleep that
knows 110 waking, for the gentleman himself
had prejudged the question by his action here.
I am but one member of the Committee on
Banking and Currency. If there were two
more of my politics on that committee we
would still be in a minority with respect to
the Secretary of the Treasury and the Ad-
ministration. You have a committee, there-
fore, of your own friends. And if, as yester-
day you designated, you will not take charge
of it, why not give it to a committee of which
the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hooper] is the chairman? He is a
man who understands this business of the pub-
lic debt; a man who, I undertake to say, under-
stands all about banks and banking; who has
had more experience in it than perhaps any
other member of the House of Representatives
or of the Senate; who has made it his study
from early manhood, and who knows whether
or not the law, which he helped to frame, has
been complied with. That is all I ask, and I
am sure the honorable member from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] will not undertake to
say that I am unjust or unkind in asking it.
It is a part of our duty in the Opposition
here, especially when the majority on the other
side is so great and so triumphant, to chal-
lenge everything that comes from the Adminis
tration that does not look right prima facie.
This is one of the transactions which the
country demands should be riddled from one
end to the other. Therefore 1 propose to send
it to a committee where it will not be stran-
gled—to a committee which will give it, and
which will have time to give it, a full and thor-
ough investigation.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear
the gentleman.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make it with
a view, if possible, to harmonize the conflicting
views of gentlemen. My inquiry is whether it
would be in order to move to refer this subject
to "the committee of seventy?" [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not
fully understand the gentleman.
Mr. MAYNARD. I made the suggestion
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox,]
rather than to the Chair.
Mr. COX. I did not hear the proposition
of the gentleman.
Mr. MAYNARD. I thought the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] might perhaps be
willing to have his proposition referred to
"the committee of seventy" of the city of
New York.
Mr. COX. I presume "the committee of
seventy" would do justice to the Adminis-
tration as they have done justice under other
circumstances.
Thequestion was on the amendment moved
by Mr. Cox; and being taken it was not agreed
to, upon a division—ayes 81, noes 90. _
Mr. DAWES. I now renew the motion that
this committee rise and report to the House the
resolutions under consideration as amended,
with the recommendation that they be adopted.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Wheeler re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the annual message of the President
of the United States, and had directed him to
report to the House for adoption sundry reso-
lutions as amended by the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. DAWES. I now call the previous
question upon the resolutions and the amend-
ment thereto.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the amendment substituting the Committee on
Appropriations for a special committee to con-
sider the subject of postal telegraphs.
On the question there "were—ayes 84,
noes 91.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 98, not voting
81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker. Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Barnum,Beck, Bell, Beveridge.Biggs, Austin
Blair, Braxton, Bright, Caldwell, Campbell, Cftrroll,
Clarke,Comingo,Conn er.Ooghlan, Cox,Crebs. Critch-
er, Crossland, l>avis, Dox, DuBose, Duke, Dunnell,
Eldridge, Ely, Earns worth, Farwell, Finkelnburg,
i'orkor, Garrett, Getz, Griffith, Haldema.ii, Hamble-
ton, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Harper. John T.
Harris,Hereford, Hibbard, Hill, Holman, Kerr, King,
Kinsella, Lamison, Lamport, Leach, Lewis, JNlanc'on,
Marshall, McClelland, McCormick, McHenry, Mc-
Kinney, McNeely, Merrick. Benjamin F. Meyers,
Moore,Morgan, Nibiack, tiosea W.Parker,Eli Perry,
Peters, Poland, Potter, Price, Randall.Read,Edward
Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie,William R. Roberts,
Robinson, Rogers, Shanks, Sherwood, Staober, Slater,
Slocuin, Sloss, WorthmgtonC. Smith, Snapp.R. Mil-
ton Speer, Stevens, Storm, Sutherland, Swann,Terry,
Washington Townsend, 'ruthill, Van Tramp, Wad-
dell, Waldron, Warren, Wells, Whitthorne, Willard,
Winchester, and Wood—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, AverilJ, Banks, Barber,
Beatty, Bigby, Bingham. George M.Brooks, Buffin-
ton, Burchard, Burdett, Roderick 11. Butler, Cobb,
Coburn, Conger, Cotton, Darrall, Dawes, Donnan,
Duell, Earnes,Charles Poster.Wilder D. Foster,Frye,
Garfield, Hale, Halsey, Harmer, George E. Harris,
Havens, Gerry W.Hazleton, John W.Hnzleton.Hoar,
lloughton.Kelley,Kellogg,Keteham, Killinger, Lan-
sing, Lowe, Lynch. Maynard, McCrary, McGrew,
McJunkin.McKee, Mercur, Merriam, Monroe, Mor-
phis, Leonard Myers, Negley. Orr, Packard, Packer,
Palmer. Isaac C. Parker, Peek, Pendleton, Perce,
Aaron F.Perry, Piatt, Porter,Prindle.Rainey, Ellis
H. Roberts, Rusk, Sessions, Sheldon, Shellabarger,
Shoemaker, H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith,
Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Starkweather,
Stevenson, Stoughton, Stoweil, Strong, St. John,
i bypher.Taffe, Thomas, Dwight Townsend. Twichell,
i Tyner, Upson, Wakeman.Walden, Walls,Washburn,
Wheeler Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah
M. Wilson, and John T. WiIson-98.
NOT VOTING-Messre. Barry, Bird, James 0.
Blair James Brooks, Buckley, Benjamin 1. Butler,
Creely, De Large, Dickey. Kjlwards. blhott, Henry
x). Foster, Golladay, Goodrich. Hawley Hay, Hays,
Hooper, Kendall, McXntyre, Mitchell,Morey.Roose-
velt, Sawyer, Scoflcld. Socley, rumer, Vaughan,
Voorhees, Wallace, Williams of New York, and
Young—31.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The resolutions reported from the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union
were, as amended, adopted.
NORRIS VS. HANDLEY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House tes-
i timony in the contested-election case of Nor-
i vis vs. Handley, from the third district of
| Alabama; which was referred to the Commit-
' tee of Elections.
M'lirSSICK VS. WALLACE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
testimony in the contested-election ease of
1 McKissick vs. Wallace, from the fourth district
; of South Carolina; which was referred to the
; Committee of Elections.
I HARRIS VS. ROGERS.
j The SPEAKER also laid before the House
: testimony in the contested-election case of
| Harris vs. Rogers, from the fourth district of
I North Carolina; which was referred to the
Committee of Elections,
BURLEIGH VS. ARMSTRONG.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
testimony in the contested-election case of
Burleigh vs. Armstrong, from the Territory of
Dakota; which was referred to the .Committee
of Elections.
MAXWELL VS. HOOPER.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
testimony in the contested-election case of
Maxwell vs. Hooper, from the Territory of
Utah; which was referred to the Committee
of* Elections.
BOLES VS EDWARDS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers relating to the contested-election case
of Boles vs. Edwards, from the third district
of Arkansas; which were referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
GIDDINGS VS. CLARK.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers relating to the contested election of
Giddings vs. Clark, from the third district of
Texas; which were referred to the Committee
of Elections.
PUBLIC PROPERTY' IN THE "DISTRICT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting, in compliance with the act of
July 15, 1870, inventories and accounts of the
property of the United States in the public
buildings and grounds in the District of Colum-
bia; which was referred to the Committee ou
Public Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to
be printed.
JUDGMENTS IN COURT OF CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the clerk of the Court
of Claims, transmitting, in compliance with
the act of June 2o, 1808, a statement of judg-
ments rendered in said court, with the amounts
thereof, for the year ending December 4, 1871;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
REVISION OF UNITED STATES STATUTES.
The SPE i.KER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a communication
from the commissioners appointed to revise
and consolidate the statutes of the United
States under act of June 27, 186G, chapter
140, and May 4, 1870, chapter 72; which was
referred to the Committee on the Revision of
the Laws, and ordered to be printed.
