918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
zens of the State. I reeite briefly the facts that are
undented as to this monstrous outrage oil the peace
and dignity of the State. In a time of profound
peace, without any eompetentauthority, or the least
necessity, and without consultation with or the con-
sent of the State authorities, the United States
officials here, in violation of law, convoked a po-
litical convention in the custom-house in New
Orleans, and this against the wishes and in the face
of the solemn protest of a large majority of the eon-
The doors ofthecustom-house were locked
and barred for a day, and the whole business public
I who had interests there were excluded. United
I States deputy marshals, selected in many instances
f from rough and lawless characters, were especially
deputized for the occasion, armed with loaded re-
volvers, and stationed within the building and
around the United States court-room designed for
the convention. The United States marshal pre-
viously declared that thev should be stationed within
the convention itself. Their instructions bad been
such that these deputies were insolent and violent
in language and manner toward the delegates, even
to such an extent as to excite serious disturbance,
and going so tar on the part of some of them as the
onerinsr of personal violence to the delegates.
/ " United States troops were drawn «p in the cus-
j tom-house. Their very presence was an alarming
| attack upon the rightot public assemblage, and upon
l every tradition and principle of American liberty.
I They interrupted the deliberations of the delegates.
/ S i® of Federal officers, armed with
| Federal authority and Federal guns and pistols, in
} the affairs of a peaceable political meeting of the
people of a State, is a very serious encroachment
upon the peace and dignity of the State, and upon
the individual liberties of its citizens.
I cannot suffer it to pass by without entering
against it my solemn protest, and inviting you roost
. seriously to join wirh me in asking the national Gov-
| ernment to investigate the outrages of its subordin-
f ate officers and to punish the guilty parties."
Sir, when the Congress of the United States,
and the President and military, and the civil
officers of the General Government all com-
bine to advance parly interests by force of
power and numbers, civil government becomes
a national farce, and personal liberty a gilded
bauble.
In the case of these frauds upon the rights
of the people to hold conventions independent,
of military control, there is one matter of
congratulation in the fact that instead of pre*
senting credentials to a military commander
for his approval, and passing through files of
soldiers to a convention-room, the free, manly,
indignant populace of New Orleans stripped
the horses from Governor Warmoth's carriage,
and drew the maimed soldier to an unguarded
hall, away from the control of the officials of
the custom-house, and Federal bayonets.
And although this outrage upon the people
took place in August, 1871, the wrong was
not righted in January, 1872. Not only was
-it not righted, but the Governor sends ames-
sage to the President detailing new outrages,
charging that a conspiracy is formed to prevent
the legal organization of the Legislature of
Louisiana, and he says:
"In this plot theyhavethesupportof thecollector
of customs, the United States marshal, and several
of your appointees here."
While lie further affirms:
"'The revenue-cutter Wilderness has been and is
still employed to take these conspirators boyond
the reach and jurisdiction of the serereant-at-arms
At the moment of the assembling of the house of
representatives to-day a number of United States
marshals, armed with warrants from a United Stares
commissioner, based on a frivolous affidavit of mem-
bers of the conspiracy, suddenly arrested eighteen
representatives, iour senators, and the Governor
and Lieutenant Governor. The effect of this was to
break the Republican majority in the house of rep-
resentatives."
The object of this war upon a Republican
Governor and Legislature by the President's
officeholders, was for the purpose, as I be-
lieve, of controlling the politics of the State
of Louisiana in the interest of the President's
renomination, though civil liberty should die
in the struggle.
The same interference with the politics of
the State of New York where the President 1
appeared in the fiery contests by the use of the
appointing power, and with the aid of the
custom house conuptions and officials, has so
damaged the Republican party that, the Trib-
une doubts bis ability to carry the State, while
the Albany Express asserts it positively.
the Christian Union ot January 3i. 1872,
01 which Henry Ward Beecher is editor,
it is said, "Perhaps nothing in the Louisiana
muddle is more discreditable than the part
which the custom-house has played in it."
He holds up to condemnation "the utterly
disgraceful way in which officials of the United
States have abused their positions."
From these usurpations at home I turn to
others no less glaring, but further removed
from the daily observation of the people, all
the result of an utter disregard of the Consti-
tution and of the law that the military in time
of peace ought to be subservient to the civil
authority.
In order to prove the positions I assume I
must summon one of the most impartial wit-
nesses of the country, the Atlantic Monthly
of January, 1872, which, in one of its search-
ing articles, while praising the President for
many things, also makes the following dam-
aging admission:
" As a rule military men are not the stuff to make
good statesmen for an unmilitary and commercial
society. For the most part they entertain a profes-
sional contempt for law, even when they avow their
loyalty to it. Of this peculiarity General Grant's
administration has given at leastone signal illustra-
tion. Declaring himself firmly opposed to inter-
vention in the affairs of foreign nations, he has lor
some time past maintained a protectorate of San
Domingo, which is in reality war against Hayti,
carried on in the teeth of a distinct provision of the
Constitution."
When the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Sumner] disclosed this state of
affairs on the 31st of December, 1870, by point
ing to three United States war steamers in the
waters or Domingo, and a commodore of the
Navy threatening the destruction of a town
unless the Government of Hayti did the bid-
ding of the United States as to San Domingo,
the_country was startled and a spirit of indig-
nation evoked which culminated finally in the
assumed surrender of the President to the will
of the people, while in fact the unconstitu-
tional and infamous policy is m bold and
defiant attitude to-day. To consummate this
wicked scheme, this job, this wholesale "land
grab," the President played in every role of
the drama.
In forming a treaty he was "the Chief Magis-
trate," in declaring war he was "the Congress
of the United States," and in "using all his
influence privately" to forestall the Senate
decision as per agreement of Babcock and
Baez, he became a lobbyist in the outer halls
of the Capitol.
Thus, Mr. President, do we see to-day not
absolute anarchy running wild in our own
country at home, but an utter disregard of the
States, an utter disregard of the will of the
people, the setting up of Congress in its legis-
lation high above the authority of the people's
constitutions; the Army vying with Congress
and the officeholders vying with the Army in
doing whatever may seem good to them in their
judgments in order to accomplish the ulti-
mate but impossible object of the elevation
again of a Chief Magistrate who has thus united
with the Army and Congress and officeholders
untiUhe nation revolts, and will yet register
its edict of revolt. °
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Axthoxy
m the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment ot the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Cor-
bett] to the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] to add at the
end of the fifth section the following proviso :
-Provided, That this section shall not be held to
authorize the naturalization of Chinese.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 32; as follows:
nes6rs- foreman, Caldwell,Clayton. Cole
Gilbert, Nye, OsbJrn, Pool,'
Scott. Vickers, and West—13.
JJTA1 o—Messrs. Ames, Anthony,Blair, Brownlow
Carpenter, Davis of West Virginia, Fenton, Ferry
of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Goklthwaite
Hamilton ofXexas, Hamlin. Harlan, Hill.Hitchcock'
Johnston. Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nor-
wood, Ramsey,Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer
beburz, Stevenson, btockton, Sumner, I'hurman'
.Trumbull, and Wilson—32. s",
Frelinghuy-
sen, Hamilton of Maryland, Howe, Kellogg, Kelly.
Lewis Morrill of Maine, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt,
Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Tipton, Win-
dom, and Wright—28.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. VICKERS. I move to strike out the
first section of the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to amend the
fourteenth section by striking out after the
word"court" the words " national or State,"
and inserting "of the United States." so a3
to provide simply that no person shall be dis-
qualified for service as a juror in any court of
the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the law now.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President. I hope
this amendment will not prevail. I think it is
unwise for the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts to attempt, to attach his amendment
to (his bill which requires a two-thirds vote to
become a law. I have advocated the equal
rights of all citizens since the reconstruction
acts have been passed. In 18G8 I did it at the
expense of every social tie I had m my State.
Iam still ready and willing to vote "for the
Senator's proposition as a separate measure,
but not to attach it to this bill. The Senator's
proposition comes up first in the order of
business after we shall have disposed of this
measure. I have told him in person that I will
stay with him as long as any Senator on this
floor will stay to pass a measure giving equal
rights to all citizens ot the United States.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Cosk-
ling] has said that this amendment can be
placed on this bill, and the bill pass the House
ana become a law by a bare majority. I
merely refer the Senator to the enacting clause
of this bill, which says a two-thirds vote shill
be necessary to make it become a law. He
is certainly mistaken on that point.
Ihe Senator from Ohio who sits nearest
me [Mr. Sherman*] said a few days ago that
if a universal amnesty bill were passed ihe-
greatest and most prominent rebels, JeiFetx.n
Davis and others, would be here in twehe
months. My reply to that is, what of it? If
the southern people should be so foolish as to
send such men as Jefferson Davis and Toombs,
and other prominent rebels here, it would only
tend to perpetuate the Republican party. Let
them send them. Ihey can do no hann here.
Sir, if I understand the true Republican
principle, it is equal rights to all men. Let
us show that we are the friends of the white
race in the South, as well as the friends of the
l* , by tlle P^sage of this bill. After
r If . s Passed, then we can pass another
bill, it it be necessary, for instance, the bill
ot the Senator from Massachusetts, which will
give equal rights to all classes of citizens,
however humble they may be.
The Senator irom Nevada [Mr, NtfI in the
course of the debate on this lull satd that the
murders and outrages and whippings in the
South must stop before he would support any
amnesty measure. Sir, I was astonished at
that Senator s remark. Suppose I were to
reply, that the outrages and robberies and as-
sassinations in New "iork must stop before I
will vote an appropriation to erect a post oflice
<here, or to improve the harbor of that great
city, llie Senator has certainly looked over
theg.ound and seen the dillVretice between
ae condition of the South and the North at
he end of the war. The Federal soldier when
ie was disbanded went home, and found the
laws of his country in force ; he found peaco
and plenty prevailing. Oil the contrary, the
rebel soldier, when he weut. home, found chaos
