1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
360f
quent events," had the honorable Senator
from Indiana any reference to the Cincinnati
convention? [Laughter.]
Mr. MORTON. I had not. The Cincin-
nati convention is an ' 'event" and has been
a " subsequent event," but I think it will not
be a very important event. I was remarking
that if the Senate should change its mind and
come to the conclusion that it could not adjourn
at that time, it has no method of informing
the House but by recalling the resolution, and
that is perfectly respectful. The idea of mak-
ing an insult out of it seems to me to be
almost laughable and absurd ; I do not want
to be disrespectful to my friends.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let me ask a question.
'The Senator says the Senate has no Way of
manifesting to the House a change of mind as
to the day of adjournment except by recalling
its resolution. Will notthe Senator agree with
me that it can do that just as well by either
adopting or amending the House resolution?
Mr. MORTON. That leaves it in the power
tofthe House, actingupon our past suggestion,
to bring about an adjournment on the 29t,h.
If we think we cannot adjourn at that time there
is no more respectful way of saying so than by
asking them to send back our resolution; and
if the House to-morrow should come to the
conclusion that they cannot properly adjourn
on the 3d of June, the proper way for them
to advise us of that fact, would be to pass a
resolution recalling their resolution, and I am
sure that no member of this body would for a
moment suppose that it was an insult to the
Senate. I am very sure that the members of
the House will look upon this defense made
for them here this morning, this attempt to
vindicate them from insult, as entirely gratui-
tous, and will not thank anybody for doing it.
Mr. President, the original resolution was
introduced without any partisan purpose.
Those who suspect partisan purposes in others
must be governed by partisan purposes them-
selves ; and my friend from California made
an argument that went entirely too far tor his
position when he said that that resolution was
supported by the majority in this body and
opposed by the Democrats, for if tbat^ vote
proved that it was partisan upon one side it
proved that it was partisan upon the other.
Mr. CASSERLY. No; I stated the reason
why we opposed it, and I think it was a good
reason, that no man eould know four months
in advance that the public business would
permit an adjournment on the 29th of May.
Mr. MORTON. If the other House had
acted upon that resolution promptly both
Houses would be ready to adjourn now; but
I want to say one thing to my friend. He was
opposed to the resolution to adjourn on the
29ih of May when it was perfectly obvious that
both Houses eould have worked up to it. Now
he is in favor,'as he says, of adjourning on
the 29th of May when it is perfectly obvious
that we cannot adjourn on the 29th of May
without leaving some of our business, and the.
most important business, undisposed of. My
friend places himself in that position. But,
Mr. President. I seek no partisan purpose on
either side. I simply scout the idea of its
being an insult to the House. It is an insult
to common sense to talk about such a thing
being an insult to the House. It is merely a
respectful mode of informing the House that
we are not ready to adjourn on the 29th of
May,
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President, I had no
doubt that the business of Congress might all
have been considered and passed upon satis-
factorily by the 29th of May. I was anxious,
in common with others, that an early adjourn-
ment of Congress should take place. I feared
that it might impair the health of members to
a-emain here during the warm season, and that
no good could grow out of a prolonged session.
I was confident that if the two Houses were so
disposed they could easily work up the busi-
ness to the 29th of May. A majority of this
body seemed to think that that was practicable,
and they therefore fixed upon that day for the
adjournment. The House of Representatives
have considered the proposition, and have
determined that they can adjourn on the 3d
of June.
Now the House proposition is before the
Senate. 1 thought the proper disposition of
that resolution was that it should remain on
the table to be called up at any moment when
any Senator desired that the Senate should
consider it. But it seemed proper on the part
of the chairman of the Committee on Finance
to refer it to his committee; I think an unusual
course. However, it having been referred to
that committee, he now proposes to recall the
resolution of the Senate to adjourn on the
29th of May.
Without considering the (Question of dis-
respect to the House, without entertaining
that myself or supposing that any member
intends to be disrespectful to that body, I
cannot conceive of any proper and reasonable
motive for the proposed action of this body.
What reason can be assigned for it? The
House say they can adjourn on the 3d of June,
the Senate have said they can adjourn on the
29th of May. Why, then, should this resolu-
tion be recalled from the House? What rea-
son is there for it? The House can adopt the
Senate resolution if it sees fit; or is it the
intention of a majority of the Senate to deprive
the House of the privilege of reconsidering the
subject of adjournment and adopting the prop-
osition of the Senate?
Can that be the motive, that the House shall
be deprived of this privilege which belongs to
it of reconsidering the resolution fixing the 3d
of June, if they see proper, and consider the
Senate resolution to adjourn on the 29th of
May? It is not to be supposed that the House
of Representatives would conclude to adjourn-
on an earlier day than that in which they
believe the business of the country could be
transacted. It is in the power of the Senate
to adopt the resolution of the House or not.
They are not bound to adjourn on the 3d of
June unless they see fit to do so, and unless
they believe the public business can be com-
pleted by that time. This matter is in the
consideration of the Senate, entirely within
its power. Why, then, should they ask the
House to return their resolution to adjourn
on the 29th of May? Does that effect any-
thing? The subjpet is still in the judgment
of the Senate; it is in their power to adjourn
or not; and if their resolution to-adjourn on
the 29th of May remains with the House, the
Senate has the same power to determine the
question of adjournment then as they have
now; and they have the same power as if this
resolution was returned to them from the
House. The effect of it is to deprive the
House of Representatives of the power of
adjournment on the 29th of May, if they see
proper to do so. This is the effect of it; but
certainly the House ought to continue to have
the privilege of considering this subject of
adjournment without being placed ^ in the
power or control of the Senate. They are
the immediate representatives of the people.
They represent the people more directly than
we do. They come fresh from them, know
their wants and wishes, are in constant com-
munication with them, and are acquainted
with their feelings and desires upon the ques-
tion of adjournment as weJl as upon any other.
As representing the people more immediately
than we do, is it not proper that they should
retain the proposition of the Senate for an
adjournment? They are to cousider it, and it
is not to be supposed that that body, which
reflects more distinctly the sentiments of the
people, should not have within its power the
question of adjournment, as it now has.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Bore-
man in the chair.) The question is on the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. SAULSBURY called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Clayton, Conkling,
Edmunds, Fen ton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of
Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Harlan. Hitch-
cock, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Os.born, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson, Sawyer,
Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, West, Windom,
and Wright—33.
NATS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Cooper, flold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Johnston, Kelly, Nor-
wood, Ransom, Sanlsbury, Schurz, Sprague, Ste-
venson, Stockton, Tipton, Trumbull, and Vick-
ers—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Cameron,
Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Cragin, Davis of
Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Gilbert, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamlin, Hill, Howe, Lewis, Mor-
rill of Maine, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Rice, Sum-
ner, Thurinan, and Wilson—24.
So the resolution was agreed to.
message prom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
"committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
1661) making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1873.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate to
the following bills:
A hill (H. R. No. 1551) for the relief of S.
B. Mitchell, George W. Mitchell, and John W.
Mitchell; and
A bill (H. R. N. 2690) defining and limiting
the appropriation of certain moneys for the
preparation, issue, and reissue of the securi-
ties of the United States, and for other pur-
poses.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. *No. 1552) in relation to
the construction of a new jail for the District
of Columbia, asked a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. Luke P..Poland of Ver-
mont, Mr. Henry H. Starkweather of Con-
necticut, and Mr. Charles A. Elukedge of
Wisconsin, managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills :
A bill (S. No. 327) to establish the collec-
tion district of Duluth, and to create St. Paul,
in the collection district of Minnesota,,a port
of delivery; and
A bill (S. No. 674) for the relief of William
Blanchard.
district jail.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the Senate
proceeded to consider its amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 1552) in relation to the con-
struction of a new jail in the District of
Columbia, disagreed to by,the House of Rep-
resentatives.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist on its amend-
ments disagreed toby the House of Representatives,
and agree to the conference asked by the House on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Sumner, Mr. Sawyer, and Mr. Vickers.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. WEST. I move now that the Senate
resume the consideration of the Army appro-
priation bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. :R. No. 1541)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1873, and
for oiher purposes, the amendments reported
by the Committee on Appropriations being
acted on as they were reached in their order
in the reading of the bill.
The next amendment was on page 6, line
one hundred and twenty, after the words
'"military stores" to strike out "officers"
and insert "of offices and in line one hun-
