1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28
WILLIAM HEINE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House the following mes-
sage from the President of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed:
To the Senate
and House of Representatives:
In pursuance of the provisions, second seetion, of
the act approved June 20, 1864, entitled "An aot
making appropriations for the consular and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1865, and for other pur-
poses,'' I inform Congress that William Heine, a
consular clerk, was, on the 30th of August last,
removed from office forthe following cause, namely,
insubordination, disobedience of orders, and disre-
spectful conduct toward his superiors.
IT. S.GRANT.
Washington, December 5,1871.
EXPENSES OF CONSULAR OFFICES.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House the following mes-
sage from the President of the United States ;
which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and, with the accompanying
document, ordered to be printed:
To the Senate
and House of Representatives .*
I transmit herewith to Congress a report, dated
November 8,1871, received from the Secretary of
State, in compliance with the requirement of the act
of March 3, 1871, making appropriations, among
other things, for the increase of expenses and com-
pensation of certain diplomatic and consular officers
of the United States, on account of the late war
between France and Prussia. The expenditures
therein mentioned havebeenmade onmy approval.
U. S. GRANT.
Washington, December i, 1871.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SYSTEMS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House the following mes-
sage from the President of the United States :
which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and, with the accompanying
documents, ordered to be printed :
To the Senate
and House of Representatives :
I herewith transmit to Congress a report, dated
the 4th instant, with the accompanying papers,
received from the Secretary of State, in compliance
with the requirements of the eighteenth section of
the act entitled "An act to regulate the diplomatic
and consular systems of the United States," approved
August 18,1856. TJ. S. GRANT.
Washington, December 4,1871.
CONSULAR AGENTS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House the following mes-
sage from the President of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and, with the accompanying docu-
ments, ordered to be printed:
To the House of Representatives :
In compliance with section two of the act making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1871, approved July 11, 1870,1 herewith trans-
mit the names and reports of and the amounts paid
to consular agents of the United States.
U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, December 4,1871.
UNITED STATES TREASURER'S ACCOUNTS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a letter of the Treas-
urer of the United States, transmitting his
adjusted quarterly account of general receipts
and expenditures of the United States for the
year ending J une 30, 1809; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC PROPERTY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a letter from the
Clerk of the House of Representatives, trans-
mitting a statement of public property in his
possession belonging to the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to be
printed.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of State iu relation to property of
the United States in public buildings and
grounds in the District of Columbia; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
CONTINGENT EXPENSES OF TIIE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a letter from the
Clerk of the House, transmitting his annual
report of contingent expenses; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
CONTINGENT EXPENSES STATE DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of State, showing the pay-
ments made from the contingent fund ; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
RELIEF OP AMERICAN SEAMEN.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of State, transmitting abstract of
returns by collectors of customs for relief and
protection of American seamen, and showing
the number of seamen registered in the sev-
eral ports of entry in the United States during
the year ending September 80, 1871; which
was referred to the Committee on Commercej
and ordered to be printed.
MR. WILLIAM B. WASHBURN.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following communication:
Eokty-Second Congress,
House op Representatives,
Washington, D. C., December 5, 1871.
Sir: I have the honor to inform you that I have
sent to the Governor of Massachusetts my resigna-
tion of the office of Representative in the Congress
of the United States from the ninth congressional
district in that State, to take effect on the 1st day
of January, 1872.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. B. WASHBURN.
Hon. James G. Blaine,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
COMMERCE WITH CHINA, ETC.
Mr. PETERS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 458) to facilitate com-
merce between the United States and China,
Japan, and other countries of Asia; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
PUBLIC BUILDING AT CHICAGO.
Mr. FARWELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 4-59) for the con-
struction of a public building at Chicago, Illi-
nois; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
PRINTING A REPORT.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was referred, under the law, to
the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That two thousand extra copies of the
report of the Comptroller of the Currency be
printed for the use of the Treasury Department.
LABOR BUREAU.
Mr. K1LLINGER, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
considered, and referred to the Committee on
Education and Labor:
Resolved, That the Committee on Education and
labor be directed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a labor bureau in connection with the
Department of Agriculture, with a view to the com-
pilation of statistics, and the more complete recog-
nition of the rights of the laboring classes.
BENJAMIN CLARKE.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, by
unanimous consent, introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 460) granting a pension to Benjamin
Clarke; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions.
[I AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION,
i Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, intro-
:! duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 50) pro-
i; posing an amendment to the Constitution of
jj the United States; which was read a first and
j; second time, referred to the Committee on the
| Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
| RECONSIDERATION OF REFERENCES.
I Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to recon-
| sider the various references of bills and joint
j resolutions made to committees this day; and
I also move that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. HAWLEY, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave of absence, for ten days, on
account of sickness in his family.
Mr. STRONG obtained leave of absence for
ten days.
COLONEL L. C. HOUK.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to withdraw from the files of
the House the papers in the case of Colonel
L. C. Houk.
BIULEY AND COMPANY.
Mr. NEGLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to withdraw from the files of the Committee of
i Claims the papers in the case of Bigley & Co.
Mr. WASHBURN. I ask that copies of
the papers be left with the committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that there is no rule upon the subject of leav
ing copies.
Mr. BANKS. The usage has been to retain
copies.
The SPEAKER. Such is the usage, but
| there is no rule, although, in the judgment of
the Chair, there ought to be. The matter is
one which has been frequently before the
House.
Mr. WASHBURN. I should like to move
that when papers are withdrawn from the
various committees copies be left.
Mr. PETERS. If the cases were reintro-
| duced into the House, as in most cases they
are, there might be an objection to having the
copies retained.
Mr. Negley's motion was agreed to.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I demand the
; regular order.
DRAWING FOR SEATS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called, the gentleman from Connecticut
[Mr. Starkweather] has the floor to move a
resolution which is privileged once during each
session of Congress.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved. That the Clerk of the House do forth-
with place in a box the name of each member and
Delegate of the House of Representatives, written
upon a separate slip of paper; that he then proceed
in the presence of the House to draw from the said
box, one at a time, the said slips of paper, and as
each is drawn he shall announce the name of the
member or Delegate upon it, who shall chooso his
seatfor the present Congress: Provided, That before
said drawing shall commence the Speaker shall cause
each seat to be vacated, and shall see that every seat
continues vacant until it is selected under this order;
and that every seat, after having been selected, shall
be deemed forfeited if left unoccupied before the
calling of the roll is finished.
Mr. PETERS. I move that the resolution
do lie on the table.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would suggest to
the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Stark-
weather] that the drawing would occupy
some time, and that it would be better to post-
pone the question till to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. There are two motions
pending, neither of which is debatable—one
that the resolution be laid on the table, the
other that the House adjourn.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 127, noes 66.
"Mr. AMBLER called for the yeas and nays.
