1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1815
Dried frait, barrels    2
Jh'ied fruit, half barrels  4
Drugs, cases  4
J?lour, barrels  192
l?lour, half sacks  182
Piour, quarter sacks  100
l?urs, boxes  1
fungus, sacks  17
Groceries, packages  33
XiCh-iaer, roiis  1
Lemons, boxes  9
Oats, 100-pound sacks  122
Onions, cases  5
Potatoes, sacks  50
l-'ersonsil effects, packages  1
Pearl barley, cases   10
Provisions--Butter, packages  7
Cheese, eases  11
Hams, barrels  1
Lard, cases  2
Quicksilver, flasks ,  500
►Salmon, packages  2
Soap, boxes  50
Scales, cases    40
Sewing-machines, cases  1
Stoves, number  1
Tobacco, eases  23
Tobacco, boxes    9
Type, boxes  3
Vinegar, barrels  3
Whisky, eases    5
"NYme, cases..  1
Value 843,832 83
To Japan.
apples, boxes  25
Acid, carboys  26
Axie gree;*e, cases  1
Barley, 100-poundsacks    228
JJooks, cases  2
Bitters, cases  4
Bread, cases  5
Brooms, dozen  4
Blacking, eases  161
Boors and shoes, cases   204
Cartridges, cases   20
Cider, kegs  15
(Jnocoiate, cases  o
Oaseftoods, cafes  109
Clocks, boxes  65
Clothing, eases  20
Crockery, barrels  1
Codiish, cases   12
Cement, barrels  5
Curios, packages ,  2
Candies, boxes  25
Dried irnit. packages  2
Drugs, packages  48
Flour, barrels  241
Flour, half sacks  210
Flour, quarter sacks 1,088
Fire-arms, cases  5
Findings, cabes  1
Furniture, packages  90
Groceries, packages  37
Glassware, cases  189
Hats, cases   20
Hardware, packages  45
Ink. boxes  119
Ink, kegs    12
Leather, rolls   190
Mackerel, kits        5
Maeaioni, boxes ~  0
Mirror. cases  5
Nail*, kegs   10
Oats, 100-pound sacks  32
Oil-cloch, ea-es  5
Onions, boxes  5
Potatoes, sacks  8
Peiaonal effects, packages  6
Plaster, barrels    1
Pamps, eases  1
Provisions—Bacon, cases  11
Butter, barrels  6
Buttei, cases      1
Butter, casks  3
Butter, kegs  14
Cheese,    3
Hams, tierces  1
Lard, cases  4
Soap, boxes   130
Sugar, barrels  10
Sugar, boxes 
Sirup, kegs  10
Saimon, packages  7
Seed, boxes  *;
Stationery, cases     4b
Sewing-machines, eases  61
Stoves, number    1
Tobacco, boxes    9
Tobacco, cases  «
Vinegar, cases    **
Vinegar, barrels    10
V Tine, barrels   
Value 5n)o,0<0 oO
to chin.  #m«a 
To Japan  5J9.8h/ 31
Tot;,]
 81,-132,810 57
Mr. BECK. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to this subsidy, and am in favor of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Fauxswortii,] tor the reasons which I stated
the other day. The question is narrowed
down to this: a portion of the members of
this House desire to put their hands into the
pockets of their constituents and pay out
$500,000 to aid a corporation. Another por-
tion of this House, equally houest in their
purposes, desire not to exact anything from'
the people, but to allow the men who are
carrying on this commerce to buy ships where
they can buy them cheapest, and thus save
$500,000 in the purchase of cheap ships, and
do all the work now proposed to be done
without taking one dollar from the people.
Gentlemen, like the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Swann] and the gentleman frotn
New York, [Mr. Townsexd,] propose to
keep the tax upon the materials which enter
into ship-building, and make a ship cost fifty
per cent, more than she ought to cost, and to
take $500,000 from the pockets of the farmers,
the mechanics, the tax-payers of this country,
for the benefit of this corporation.
Mr. L. MYERS. What does the gentleman
propose to do with the ship-builders of this
country?
Mr. BECK. The ship-builders are building
no ships for foreign commerce now ; they have
a monopoly to-day by the navigation laws of
all the coastwise, lake, and river navigation of
the country, for which they charge their own
prices. And, sir, so far from this case being
sui generis, I bold in my hand the report of
the Secretary of the Navy, made to the Senate
on the 4th of this month, which I hope every
gentleman will get and read. It shows that
this is to be the entering-wedge for a great line
ot subsidies, sixteen in number:
No. 1 is the Mexican Gulf line.
No. 2. the Caribbean line.
No. 3, the cast coast south Atlantic line.
No. 4, the west coast south Pacific line.
No. 5, the west coast north Pacific line.
No. 0, the Japan and China line—the line
now under consideration.
No. 7, the Pacific islands line.
No. 8, the Queenstown and Liverpool line.
No. 9, the Galway and Glasgow line.
No. 10, the Hawaii and Southampton line.
No. 11, the Southampton, Vlissmgen, and
Antwerp line.
No. 12, the Hamburg line.
No. 13, the Skagerrak and Baltic line.
No. 14, the Lisbon, Cadiz, and Gibraltar
line.
No. 15, the north coast Mediterranean line.
No. 16, the south coast Mediterranean line
from Gibraltar to Algiers.
Mr. HAND ALL. • There is a seventeenth
line, the Red sea and East India line.
Mr. BECK. Yes, sir; I had overlooked
that, as the report was only received from the
printer this morning. There is a seventeenth
line, the lied sea and East India line. The
idea is to eslablish a great, ship-yard under the
direction of the Secretary of the Navy, where
all ships are to be built, and where drawbacks
and bounties are to be given to any extent de-
sired by the ring for whose interest the scheme
is projected. This Government is to take the
whole commerce of the country under its
paternal care and run it under the direction
of the Secretary of the Navy and the other
officials—a scheme wholly inconsistent with
republican ideas, but in full accord with
the notions of the absolute Governments of
Europe. Here is the proposition ; read it for
yourselves, it is Executive Document No.
50 of the Senate, and is in full accord with
Executive Document No. 10, which approves
and indorses the proposition of Ambrose W.
Thompson & Co., which 1 beg members to
read, whereby tliey will see that it is proposed,
in order to carry out this grand system of
plunder, to take $10,000,000 for building
ships, and tax ttie people of the whole coun-
try, already overburdened, to do it.
Mr. NEGLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BECK. If you will read these docu-
ments you will not want to ask me any ques-
tions. This is the entering-wedge to a great
line of subsidies that will involve this people
in an expenditure of at least $10,000,000. and
yet we prohibit those interested in our com-
merce from purchasing ships where they can
buy them cheapest, and while we are pursu-
ing that foolish policy in order to aid the pro-
tected monopolists of Pennsylvania we keep
a tariff of over fifty per cent, upon everything
that enters into ship building.
The Secretary, while making all these prop-
ositions for taxation, understands the theory
at least of commerce, as the following quota-
tion from this report shows. He says :
"The commerce of one country with another is
merely an extension of that division of labor by
which so many benefits are conferred upon the hu-
man race, as the same country is rendered richer by
the trade of one province with another, as its labor
becomes thus infinitely more productive than it
could otherwise have been ; and as the mutual sup-
ply to each other of all the accommodations which
one province has and another wants, multiplies the
accommodations of the whole, and the country be-
comes thus, in a wonderful degree, more opulent
and happy, the same beautiful train of consequences
is observable in the world at large, that great em-
pire of which tho kingdoms and tribes of men may
be regarded as the provinces. In this magnificent
empire, too, one pro'vinco is favorable to the pro-
duction of one species of accommodation and an-
other province to another, liy their mutual inter-
course they are enabled to sort and distribute their
labor as most peculiarly suits the genius of each
spot. The labor ot tho human race thus becomes
much more productive, and every species of accom-
modation is afforded in much greater abundance.
Tho same number of laborers whose efforts might
have been expended in producing a very insignifi-
cant quantity of home-made luxuries, may thus pro-
duce a quantity of articles tor exportation accom-
modated to the wants of other places, and which will
purchase in return an accumulation of the luxuries
of every quarter of tho globe."
I agree to all that; but his contusions and
his remedies are wonderfully lame and im-
potent. Sir, 1 am an humble member of the
Committee of Ways and Means of this House.
We have been besieged day after day and
night after night, in committee and at our
rooms, by men, singly and in squads, urging
protection for everything out ot which they
are making or watit to make money. They
all pretend to represent infant industries; they
are unanimous in asserting that they are the
special friends of the American laborer, and
are struggling to protect him against the pau-
per labor of Europe. They invariably ignore
the potent fact that all their demands are sim-
ply efforts to tax the consumers of their pro-
ducts to the extent, of the tax imposed in the
form of the tariff, by enabling them to charge
the consumer; in addition to the real value of
the article, the percentage thus added to the
foreign cost, freights, commissions, insurance,
and other charges. _
The revenue to be derived by the imposition
of the tax is never considered by the repre-
sentatives of the special interests, their sole
object always being to enable them to pocket
the increased prices which the duty or tax adds
to the original cost. 'They are just as clamor-
ous when it is obvious that no revenues will be
obtained by the imposition of the tax as they
are when it will. They are all oblivious to this
equally potent fact, that tliey are simply asking
each Representative to take the amount of
money they want, out of the pockets of all the
people and put it into theirs. I ex.pect before
this Congress adjourns to hear of an infant in-
dustry springing up in New Hampshire for the
production of oranges, and a demand for pro-
tection against the oranges of Cuba, so as to
prevent the enterprising citizen of New Hamp-
shire from being ruined and his industry pros-
trated by the pauper labor of Cuba. A tax of
ten cents ou each orange imported might per-
haps do it; if not, twenty would. Of course,
oianges would cost consumers twenfy-five cents
each instead of two, but that is nothing when
infant industries are seeking protection against
foreign pauper competition.
And if we pass this measure we shall be told
that we are destroying the infant industries of
the country if we do not vote protection for
this as well as for every other special interest,
