1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2711
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WAKEMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHILDREN or FREDERICK F. DAYTON.
Mr. BIRD, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported back, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass, the bill (S. No. 894)
granting a pension to the minor children of
Frederick F. Dayton, deceased.
The question was on ordering tlie bill to be
read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws,
the names of the minor children under sixteen
years of age, of Frederick F. Dayton, late
private in company F, eleventh regiment In-
diana volunteers, as in the case of a widow
unmarried.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. BIRD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARY ARMSTRONG.
Mr. BIRD also, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (S. No. 879) granting a pen-
sion to Mary Armstrong.
The question was on ordering the bill to a
third reading.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name ofMary Armstrong, widow of Thomas
Armstrong, of the first battery of Vermont
light artillery.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BIRD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider bo laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHILDREN Of AMANDA M. KITCIIISY.
Mr. BIRD also, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (S. No. 878) granting a
pensiou to the minor children of Amanda M.
Ritchey.
The question was on ordering the bill to a
third reading.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the names of the minor children under sixteen
years of age of Amanda M. Ritchey, deceased,
widow of Powers Ritchey, late a contract sur-
geon in the United Stales Army.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BIRD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BENJAMIN CLARK.
Mr. BIRD also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2446) granting a
pension to Benjamin Clark; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions aud limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Benjamin
Clark, of Beech Creek, in the county of Clin-
ton. State of Pennsylvania, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, to take effect from, the pas-
sage of the act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BIRD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SARAH REYNOLDS.
Mr. BIRD also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2447) granting a
pension to Sarah Reynolds ; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Sarah Reynolds, widow of Wil-
liam Reynolds, unassigned drafted man, who
died while in the service of the United States,
at St. Louis, Missouri, the pension to take
effect from the passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BIRD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IRA BUCKMAN.
Mr. BIRD also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2448) granting a pen-
sion to Ira Buckman; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place upon the pen-
sion roll the name of Ira Buckman, at the
rate of sixty dollars a month from the 1st of
January, 1872.
Mr. BIRD. I desire to mention the facts
in this case, and in order that they may be
more fully understood, I will ask that the
Clerk read the report.
The Clerk read the report, from which it
appears that the petitioner was appointed a
measurer of vessels for the port of New York,
and sworn into office as such measurer on the
1st of February, 18G2, whose duty it was to
report upon the sanitary condition of steamers
and sailing vessels carrying passengers to and
from the city of New York, and also to meas-
ure and ascertain the tonnage of all vessels ;
that lie continued to discharge the duties re-
quired of him as a measurer until the 16th of
May, 1868, when and while in discharge of
his duties on board the ship Adriatic, through
the misrepresentation of the chief mate of the
vessel as to the condition thereof, the peti-
tioner was precipitated down the fore hatch,
receiving such injuries in his right arm as to
render immediate amputation necessary, and
such injuries to his body as rendered him help-
less, probably for life. He is now not only
incapable of labor, but without the means of
support.
Mr. BIRD. It is due to the House that they
should be fully apprised as to the merits of
this case. Mr. Buckman was employed by
the Government during the war in the service
spoken of in the report. The ship Adriatic
was in port in the harbor of New York. He
was directed to make a measurement of the
vessel. Depending, as he was obliged to do,
upon the crew as to the proper condition of the
vessel, he was misled, and approaching the
fore hatch was precipitated twenty-five feet,
falling upon iron screws and other portions
of the vessel so heavily as to bruise his arm,
breaking the bone, and requiring immediate
amputation, besides bruising his body very
severely on the right side, so that he is now
almost completely paralyzed on the right side.
His wounds were so severe that he was obliged
to remain, not only in the house, but in bed
for a long period of time, having a family to
provide for. He had some money, but all that
was used, and he is now wholly dependent on
the charity of the world and the benefaction of
this Government for his support in his present
affliction. It is indeed very severe. If I
could present him to the House as he was
presented to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions I am convinced that there would be no
objection to the passage of this bill.
Mr. STOUGHfON. You propose to grant
him a pension of sixty dollars a month, being
twice what a general officer receives. Can the
gentleman inform us why civilians who hap-
pen by accident to be disabled are to receive
twice as much pension as an officer wounded in
battle?
Mr. BIRD. I presumed that that question
would arise here ; it struck my mind as it did
the minds of other members of the committee.
The only answer is that the case is so merito-
rious, as much so as a case can well be: the
individual is suffering as much as anyone can
well suffer and live, and this being an insolated
case, one not likely to reappear in this Con-
gress or in any other, the committee were
desirous to be somewhat generous, knowing
the House to be desirous to be generous, and
believing that the House would pass this bill,
giving this man sixty dollars a month. It is a
very inadequate amount as we consider it. I
know, eir, that the sum seems large when it is
compared with relief afforded here to others.
I know that when they make such compari-
sons, this case could not probably stand.
Mr. MAYNARD. Do I understand the
gentleman to say that the claimant is at present
suffering?
Mr. BIRD. He is actually suffering bodily,
so that he is obliged to make applications of
medicine both externally and internally. He
cannot get a moment's rest without medicine.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Do I understand
that this man was not in the naval or military
service of the Government?
Mr. BIRD. Strictly speaking he was not;
he was sworn into office.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In what service?
The custom-house service ?
Mr. BIRD. I will state the services he
rendered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In what was he
sworn in?
Mr. BIRD. He took an oath as a measurer
of vessels in order to ascertain the proper
tonnage and amount of freight that a vessel
was fitted to transport from one place to an-
other. *
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is in connec-
tion with the collector's office at New York.
Mr. BIRD. 1 so understand it, and it waa
while on this duty that he met with the acci-
dent I have stated.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Now, will the gen-
tleman allow me a few minutes?
Mr. BIRD. Certainly.
Mr. FARNS WOR 1'U. It does seem to me
that this is a dangerous precedent, far beyond
anything 1 have seen in my experience in
Congress.
Mr. MOORE. If the gentleman will wait
and let me make a statement, for I know he is
going to talk in the dark, I do not believe he
will be inclined to make any opposition to
this bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will yield for that
purpose.
Mr. MOORE. This man was a poor boy
without help and without education. He
finally devoted himself to the study of mathe-
matics until he became a genius in that direc-
tion ; he was engaged in that sort of business.
He is one of the finest draughtsmen ill the
country ; there is no man that f have seen or
heard of more expert in his business. He
was a man of superior standing and charac-
ter ; bad once been a member of the New
l'ork Legislature; a man who had as many
