1816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
which means nothing more nor less than this,
that we are to ruin nine tenths of the people in
order to fill the pockets of a few persons who
have special interests and friends upon this
floor.
Mr. L. MYERS. I favor protection to every
Ameiican industry against every foreign one
wliich comes in competition with it; and this
bill, in aiding commerce, will give fresh stim-
ulus to the building of ships such as I tell the
gentleman are, even under our present disad-
vantages, being constructed for foreign com-
merce, and will tend to protect that worthy
class of mechanics who build our ships.
Mr. BECK. To eniich a few monopolists
who have money enough to control the State
of Pennsylvania and send you to Congress!
[Liughter and applause.]
Mr L. MYERS. I speak of the mechanics
who build the ships.
Mr. BECK. Oh, the mechanics are also
taxed to death to make the monopolists rich
Look at j our Bessemer steel monopo'y, owned
by Mr. Morrell, Mr. Griswohl. and others; my
people are taxed $3,000 a mile on the iron fir
their railroads, and they einnot send their
produce to maiket without paying tribute to
tlic-e monopolists.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. 1'0 WNSIiND, of New York. Notrav-
eler who has ever \i.-ired London has failed, in
the course of his inquiry as to what was noble
in that city, to stop and pause for a moment
at the marble shaft, upon which is the statue
of Lord Nelson. No man descended from
the English race can pause there for a moment
without a thrill of satisfaction that God in
his mercy jind kindness to the human race
sent such a specimen by his example to bless
and encourage those who might follow him.
This question has been discussed so ably,
but, I regret, to say, so unfortunately, by the
gentleman who preceded me, that I do not pro-
pose to occupy the attention of this committee
at any great length. This question is now
almost threadbare. The same argument that
the gentlemen front Kentucky [Mr. Beck] has
used hero to-day was used fifteen, twenty,
yes, fifty years ago. Itis the same cry against
the sea-board, the same indifference to that
race of people that in our early history con-
tributed to make our country great, glorious,
and respected wherever our flag was borne.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me
one word right at this point?
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. My time
is limited.
Mr. COX. I only want to say 
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I cannot
yield.
Mr. COX. I have here 
Many Members. Order! Order!
Mr. COX. 1 bold in my hand 
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!'']
The CHAIRMAN. The genilcman from
New York [Mr. Cox] is not, in order.
Mr. COX. A petition from the ship owners
of New York 
[Renewed cries of " Order!" " Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York is out of order.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I feel
somewhat humiliated, Mr. Chairman, as an
American Representative, discussing a great
national question like this, that there should
be put upon our desks, that there should be
sent to us, communications calculated and
intended to atfect our judgment and action
upon a question like this. I hurl back with
scorn and contempt the insinuation which
those persons have chosen to throw upon this
enterprise. I atn thankful and proud to say
that live years ago 1 lent my influence, while
a member of this body, to inaugurate this
enterprise. Since that time nothing has oc-
curred to change my eonvlc ions upon the
subject. Tins line has performed its duty
with fidelity and competency.
In deference to the arguments of gentlemen
from west of the Alleghanies, a ruinous sys-
tem of legislation has been adopted which has
driven our flag from the Alantic, until we are
now compelled to sail under the flag of a for-
eigner, to submit to all the indignities which
any man who has traveled must have suffered
in the close confinement of a ship, until he
has realized the fact that a captain of a ship
is a king and tyrant. Any mail with the in-
stincts of an American must, under such cir-
cumstances, have felt within him feelings of
disgust sometimes beyond the power of due
expression. Any such gentleman must feel
indignant at some of the arguments used at
times.
I do not propose to call in question the
motives of any other gentleman in regard to
this measure. I atn here only to express my
own opinion without fear or favor. This line,
which is seeking now to double iis efforts, has
had its prosperity destroyed by reason of the
great enterprises carried into operation across
the laud, and which were aided by Congress,
fhese gentlemen are now asking that their
property sha 1 be protected, that they shall not
he depiived ol it by legislation favorable to
these land operations and enterprises.
Mr. RANDALL. Let me ask the gentleman
a question.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RANDALL. I want to ask the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Townsend] if the
stock of this Pacific Mail Steamship Company
was not watered from one hundred and twenty-
five down to sixty?
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York, No, sir;
it was two hundred and fifty, and now it is only
sixty.
Mr. RANDxlLL. Was it not watered in
1863, when it was worth one hundred and
twenty-five, down to sixty?
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Towjjsend] has
expired.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. _ The drift of the
debate on the part of the friends of this prop-
osition has been such as to lead the House to
believe that at the present time steamships
cannot be operated except by the aid of Gov-
ernment subsidies. Such in particular was the
argument of the gentleman lrotn New York,
who represents the Westchester disttict, [Mr.
Potter.] I hold in my hand the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury in relation to
the foreign commerce of the United States
and the decadence of American shipping, by
Joseph Nimmo, jr., chief of tonnage division
of the Treasury Department. From that re-
port it appears that at this time there are nine
steamship lines i unning between the ports of
this country and Europe which are not subsi-
dized, and only three that are subsidized.
That shows that free ships may run without
subsidies. But the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Kelley] told us the other day
that free ships would be a subject for ridi-
cule. He exclaimed in that language pecu-
liar to himself, " A commercial country
without shipwrights! Why, sir, we would
be the laughing-stock of angels and men."
That was very well said, for the gentleman
always says things well, even when they do
not signify much. Why, sir, the gentleman
is certainly too much of a scholar not to know
that at various periods in the history of man
communities have achieved great commercial
success upon the high seas without building
their own ships; and he ought to know, if he
does not know, that at the present day four
magnificent steamship lines are carrying Amer-
ican imports and American exports to and
from the United States in ships that are not
built either by their owners or the nation oper-
ating them, but which are bought upon the
Clyde. If that is food for laughter to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I dare say that
the owners of those steamships can very well
afford to be laughed at while they pocket oar
freight money.
But, Mr. Chairman, this appropriation is
urged upon the ground that it will aid national
commerce and national shipping. I find, sir,
that whenever somebody wants to put his
hands into the national Treasury, whenever
somebody wants to tax the people for his pri-
vate benefit, it is urged upon the high grounds
of public policy, of patriotism, of philan-
thropy. When somebody wants a subsidy for
a steamship company, we hear a great deal
said about the " American flag," and the im-
portance of securing "supremacy upon the
seas." When a railroad company wants a
land grant, it is all for the benefit of actual
settlers; and when manufacturers want pro-
hibitory tariff duties, it is alitor thebenefit of
the laborer. But, Mr. Chairman, when we
strip these several propositions of I heir tawdiy
habiliments, when we comedown to the naked
facts, we find that the steamship company and
the railroad company and the monopolists
pocket the money and grow rich upon what
our legislation secures to them, while the peo-
ple simply pay the bills.
Mr. Chairman, I am not in the secrets of lha
Pacific mail steamship line; but in order to
show how our proposed legislation is already
being abused for the beneht of stock-jobbers,
I send to the Clerk's de>k to be, read an extract
from a financial circular published daily by a
New York banking firm, and which has been
sent to members of this House. I have marked
the extract I desire to have read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"With reference to Pacific mail, the press re-
ports this morning of the proceedings in Congress
on the question of the subsidy seem to have Quick-
ened the public a ppetite for the stock, and the brok-
ers have received large orders for it from parties
confident of the success of the application for an in-
creased subsidy.. This influence advanced the price
from 62 to 63; but the rise had halting and unwill-
ing character^ which has been Uiken to indicate
that the pools in the stock are secretly selling, not,
it is thought, to abandon it, but to make one of
those periodical 'turns' so common m the pool
manipulations of a stock, the benefit derived being
the adjustment of interest and commissions account,
and the freshening of the short interest."
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman'tell
us who constitute the firm from which that
circular emanates, and what relation they have
to this transaction?
Mr. DICKEY. And to the Panama railroad.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I do not know any-
thing about is.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before the gentleman
brings in here anything of that kind, he ought
to know something about it and be able to tell
us what it is worth.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I have caused to
be read what has been sent to members of
this House. Sir, this proposition has been
urged upon me as the Representative of a
commercial city. It is true I represent a
gieat commercial community, but it is the
commerce which nature and the energy and
iudustry of man have given it, unaided by
bounties or exclusive privileges to any one.
Now my constituents are asked to tax them-
selves in order that certain parties may run a
steamship line upon the Pacific ocean, a busi-
ness which they admit to be unprofitable, and
which they ask the people of the United States
to make profitable for them by opening their
pocket-books. J fear the quid pro quo which
we are promised is very vague, so ''thin" that
my constituents will never be able to see it,
while the tax will come home to them in a
very tangible shape.
I am opposed to this whole subsidy busi-
ness. I believe it to be radically wrong. I
believe that a purchased commerce, a com-
merce which exists by contributions upon the
people, while it may flatter the national pride
ot some and enrich a few, is a burden and
not a blessing to a country. These tli ngs
should come naturally, or not at all; they
should come by the laws of supply and de-
mand, by the laws of trade, and not by con-
tributions upon the people. It is not the
want of legislation which is killing our oe'eau
