3608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
dred and twenty-four to reduce the appropria-
tion from $1,500,000 to $1,000,000; so as to
make the paragraph read:
For hire of quarters for officers on military duty,
hire of quarters for troops, of store-houses for the
safe-keeping of military stores, of offices, and of
grounds for camps, and for summer cantonments,
and for temporary frontier stations; for the con-
struction of temporary huts and stables: and tor
repairing public buildings at established posts,
<1,000,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 6, after
line one hundred and twenty-four to insert the
following:
To enable the Secretary of "War to enlarge the mil-
itary depot, at Fort Lea.venworth.Ka.nsas, to meet the
necessities of the public service, the sum of ยง200,000
is hereby appropriated, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of War.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was ou page 6, line
one hundred and thirty-seven, to reduce the
appropriation for "the purchase and manu-
facture of clothing, camp, and garrison equip
age, and for preserving and repacking stock
of clothing, camp, and garrison equipage, and
materials on hand at the Schuylkill arsenal
and other depots," from $770,000 to $700,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add after line
one hundred and thirty-seven the following
proviso:
Provided, That no more tha,n $80,000 of the sum
hereby appropriated shall be devoted to preserving
clothing.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
one hundred and thirty-nine the following:
For the necessary expenses of such sales of stores
or material belonging to the Army establishment as
may be authorized by law, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The npxt amendment was in lines one hun-
dred and forty-three and one hundred and
forty-four, to reduce the appropriation "for
establishing and maintaining national military
cemeteries" from $300,000 to $250,000; and
in tines one hundred and forty-five and one
hundred and forty-six to strike out the words
" $50,000 of which sum shall be available for
use immediately after the passage of this
act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and forty-nine, to reduce the appropri-
ation " for Army contingencies, namely, such
expenses as are not provided for by other esti-
mates, embracing all branches of the military
service," from $75,000 to $50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment, was to insert after line
one hundred and fifty-four the following:
For providing surgical apparatus or appliances
for the relief of persons disabled in the military,
and naval service of the United States, and not in-
cluded within tho terms of any law granting arti-
ficial limbs, or other special relief, $10,000, to be
expended under tho direction of the Secretary of
War: Provided, That a report shall be mado to
Congress at its next annual session showing the
name and residence of each person relieved, and
the nature and cost of tho apparatus provided.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and sixty-six, to reduce the appropriation
"for the Army medical museum and medical
and other necessary works for the library of
the Surgeon General's Office," from $10,000
to $5,000.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to ameud by insert-
ing "ten" in place of "five."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The precise question
before the Senate is on striking out "ten"
and inserting "five."
Mr. LOGAN. I hope this $10,000 appro-
priation will not be reduced. In conversation
with the Surgeon General I find this to be
the fact: that in consequence of the wars
which have recently existed in Europe, and
the destruction of many libraries there, now is
the time to procure books, such as are wanted
by the medical museum, at a much lower rate
than they usually have to pa.y for them, and
it is the opinion of those having knowledge
of this matter now that the number of books
necessary to complete this library cannot be
purchased if this amount is reduced to $5,000.
It, will be understood by the Senate that this
library, called the " medical museum," is a
part of the Congressional Library, and those
having charge of the Congressional Library
would much prefer that they be selected by
those understanding well the works necessary
for that portion of the Library than that they
should be selected by th? Librarian.
If we intend to keep up this Congressional
Library, as a matter of course we must have
this class of works as well as others; and in-
asmuch as it will finally belong to the same
establishment I think now is the best lime,
as has been suggested by the Surgeon General,
for procuring these books, which are very
valuable and will be in the future. If we
make this museum valuable to the medical
profession, in order to prepare surgeons for
such results as we have had heretofore, I think
it is important that we make this appropriation
of $10,000. Therefore I hope the Senate will
agree to the $10,000, and refuse to insert
$5,000 in lieu thereof.
Mr. WEST. There can be no doubt, as the
Senator from Illinois states, that it would be
very desirable to the Surgeon General and to
the officers connected with the Army medical
museum that they should have $10,000 instead
of $5,000. Perhaps they would prefer also to
have $20,000 in lieu of $10,000. Butthe com-
mittee, after careful consideration of the ex-
penditures which are required in that museum,
and knowing also that last year we gave them
$7,000, thought proper to curtail the amount
to $5,000. The Army medical museum has
at the present time outlived not its usefulness
but its opportunity for collecting data that will
be useful to the profession, to a very great
extent, and a little appropriation given to it
year by year probably will be all that is neces-
sary. The committee have carefully consid-
ered this matter, weighed the arguments on
the subject, and have concluded that $5,000 is
ample.
Mr. LOGAN. I doubt, not that the com-
mittee carefully considered it,; but the sug-
gestion that weighs heaviest on my mind in
reference to it is the fact suggested by the
Surgeon General that these books can be
procured at this time at a lower rate than
possibly they can hereafter on account of the
destruction of libraries by the recent wars in
Europe ; and that is one of the great reasons
why he desires an appropriation now.
We had a great difficulty here some two or
three years ago in getting an appropriation
through Congress sufficient to publish the
books that were prepared by the Surgeon
General, under the direction of Congress, in
reference to surgery in our own Army, books
that are of very great value, and to-day one
cannot be procured. My own opinion is that
Congress should have appropriated an amount
sufficient at that time to have furnished a
majority of the medical colleges and scientific
men in the line of surgery in this country
with a series of that work. It has not been
done, and applications are made by surgeons
everywhere for this work, one of the most
valuable works that lately has been published
in any country. Yet we stinted ourselves and
the profession and the office to a very small
amount, and now there is none of the publi-
cation to be had, and the books are in demand
everywhere.
Such expenditures would result beneficially
to us hereafter. During the late war we had
to employ as surgeons men who never saw an
arm or a leg amputated; but they learned
in the held. In fact a majority of our sur-
geons got their information pertaining to
surgery in the field. I think it is important
to this country, for fear we might possibly be
engaged in a war hereafter, that our medical
men should understand surgery, and we should
afford them every facility. For that reason I
should be opposed to reducing the appropria-
tions connected with this department in any
way for the purpose of advancing science in
this country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 7, to strike out
from line one hundred and sixty-seven to line
one hundred and seventy-eight, inclusive, in
the following words :
For protection of ponton-boats, remodeling pon-
ton, and for current expenses of depot; for modifi-
cation and repair of buildings; for erection of new
chapel; for repairs of instruments for general ser-
vice of the corps of engineers; for purchase of siege
and mining material, and for simple photographic
apparatus for copying maps, $26,000.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following
Engineer department at Willett's Point:
For protection of po-nton-boats, remodeling pon-
ton, material, and for current expenses of depot,
$5,1:00.
For modification and repair of buildings, $5,000.
For erection of new chapel, $5,000.
For repairs of instruments for general service of
the corps of engineers, $10,000.
For purchase of siege and mining material, and
forsimpiephotographic apparatus for copying maps,
$1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
one hundred and seventy-eight the following :
For expenses of trials with torpedoes for harbor
and land defense, and material for same, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and eighty-nine, to reduce the approprii-
tion "for the ordnance service required to
defray the current expenses at the arsenals;
of receiving stores and issuing arms and other
ordnance supplies ; of police and office duties;
of rents, tolls,_ fuel, and lights ; of stationery
and office furniture; of tools and instruments
for use; of public animals, forage, and vehi-
cles; incidental expenses of the ordnance
service, including those attending practical
trials and tests of ordnance, small arms, and
other ordnance supplies," from $225,000 to
$200,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and ninety-one, to reduce the appropria-
tion "for manufacturing metallic ammunition
for small-arms " from $170,000 to $125,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines one hun-
dred and ninety-three and one hundred and
ninety-four, to reduce the appropriation " for
overhauling, preserving, and cleaning new
ordnance stores on hand in the arsenals " from
$155,000 to $75,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines two hun-
dred, two hundred and one, and two hundred
and two, to strike out the words " James
Crockett's graduating and accelerating cart-
ridge, $2,000; and $1,000 for experimenting
with patent metallic cartridge of Willis K.
Moore,'' and to insert "improvements in
ammunition, $5,000;" so that the paragraph
will read: r
For constructing and testing Moffat's breech-
loadmg field-piece, $8,000; and for testing improve-
ments m ammunition, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and eight, to insert after the appropria-
tioni ot $150,000 for the manufacture of arms
at the national armory, the following proviso:
Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall
be expended until a breach-loading system for
muskets and carbines shall have been adopted for
the military service upon therecommendation of the
ooara to be appointed in connection with the present
compelive trials of breech-loading arms in the field;
