920
fcfiE OOTORESSIOiSfAk GLOBE.
February 9,
I am informed by an official of the United
Stateg, whose duty it is to prosecute crimes of
this character, that in his possession is the
evidence which, when a judge can be obtained
to go on with the trial of these causes, can be
laid before the judicial courts, which will show
that these three persons form the chief advis
ory board of that atrocious organization.
Now, are we to say that the public interest
requires, the public safety requires, that gen-
erosity requires, that they should be author-
ized to be elected to the chief places of honor
and responsibility in that State, and that the
lives, the liberty, the properly of the whole
body of that people are to be placed under
their charge, i say this, Mr. President, not
in any sense of hostility to the generous im-
pulse of my friend from South Carolina, [Mr.
Sawyer.] I know that he is just as much for
social order and for equal rights as I am; bnt
I put it to him in a fnendly way whether it is
Wise or right to urge us at this time to ielieve
fiom ffoia disability people who occupv that
attitude?
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I am in no
condition to speak today; my voice is so
weak that I can scarcely be heard across the
Chamber ; but I wish to say a Word or two in
reply to my honorable friend from Vermont.
A am not, aware ot the fact he states with re-
gard to the individuals named; it may or may
not, be true. He states it upon what he doubt
less believes to be reliable evidence; but I
have yet, to be convinced that, holding anybody
under the politieal disability imposed by the
rollrteenth amendment is a wise and adequate or
appropriate-punishment for the crimes of the
council or I he members of what is called
the Ku Klux Klan. The disability imposed
by the fourteenth amendment was imposed for
a temporary purpose, That purpose was not
punishment fur treason; it'it were, it would
to® a most ridiculously disproportionate one.
The men who are under Such disability were
placed in that situation at the time when the
reconstruction acts were passed, because it
was thought unwise to allow their participa-
tion 111 the reconstruction of the governments
of the South, not because that disability was
regarded as a punishment for their rebellion or
their treason. It was in the nature of a pro-
tection to the institutions about to be estab-
lished. It was meant ro be temporary in its
character; for in the very clause imposing
them, a provision is made for a mode of relief
fronl the disabilities. The tenor of ihe de-
bates on the subject at the time the clause
was under discussion here indicates its pur-
pose to have been wbntl now suggest, and the
intention that, the disability should be trans-
itory ill irs dniHiion.
When, therefore, the Senator asks me whether
such persons as these are fit, persons to be put
in office as depositaries of political power in
me southern States, I may answer, no; but, 1
answer again that that, has nothing to do with
this question. This is a general question.
We do not keep them under disabilities as a
punishment, for being members of the Ku Kiux
K|an. There are other penalties, there are
other punishments more adequate and effect-
ive winch nili be nit a-mred out to them when
they are convicted ot these arocities of which
We hare heard so much and of which no man
has n greater horror than I.
15in let me tell the Senator ihat the thou-
sands and tens of thousands of members of
he Ku Klux Klan all over the South have the
liberty to day ot voting and holding office IF
the logic is good, why not now put, under like
disability those men who are now as freeto vote
and hold office as any Senator here? The
truth is, Mr. President, the two things have
no connection whatever. There is no logical
relation between them, except, us 1 hare
be ore had occasion to remark, that the
existence of the disabilities may have, and
probably has had, the effect to repress efforts
V0 suppress the Ku Klux outrages.
Every kind of an attempt is made here to
defeat this bill. Its opponents have attempted
to put rider after rider Upon it to insure its
defeat, and I fear that they have already done
so. I have very little hope_ that the bill can
pass in its present shape. We have put upon
it a bill the principles of which I heartily
indorse, but to which it is well known many
Republican and ail Democratic Senators seri-
ously object, and which was put there not so
much as it seems to me for the purpose of
securing its own enactment into law, as for
defeating the amnesty bill; and I almost
doubt whether it is not my duty now to accept,
the amendment of the Senator from Michigan
and agree to strike out all the bill except that
of the Senator from Massachusetts : for Mr.
President, it seems to be determined here by
the enemies of'amnesty that we shall pass no
amnesty bill in the Senate except in such a
shape as renders its passage elsewhere impos-
sible. Perhaps it would be wiser for us to
abandon all attempt to pass an amnesty bill
and go to work and pass the bill of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, iind then, forsooth
we can test the question whether some of those
Senators who Say they are in favor of amnesty,
after equal rights are secured, are really so,
or whether their zeal forequal rights has been
quickened by their desire to impede the pas-
sage of the so-called amnesty hill.
No, Mr. President, I gay to the Senator
from Vermont, i do not wish to relievo from
any of the penalties due to their erimes any
of these men who have made the name of the
Ku Klux Kian odious throughout the civilized
world, but I do not wish to be guilty of what
to me seems the absurdity of retaining the
petty iriitation of political disabilities in the
name of punishment of the most tremendous
crime which has blackened the pages of the
history of this country ; and when the Senator
arises in his place here and announces as an
argument against the removal of political dis-
abiiit'es the fact that three or four men who
perchance will have their disabilities removed
by our action are or were members of the Ku
Klux Klan, it seems to me that the Senator is
sore distressed for arguments to sustain his
position. I say it iu no unfriendly feeltnc,
but, it looks very much as though there were
Senators here who do not mean that disabili-
ties shall ever be removed in any way what-
ever, and who are disposed to resort to argu-
ments in support of their position utterly
unworthy the occasion and scarcely rising
above puerility.
1 scaicely expect that this amendment will
be adopted ; I do not expect the Senate will
accept it; though I am tally convinced that it
would be wise to do so, and that it would
have been wise to pass a clean bill of relief
a year or two ago, before much of the ev 1
caused Ly the disabilities had arisen, evils
it litiuw loo late 10 undo; and I made the
motion in order to see how mauv Senators
agree with me on it, aud to put myself right
ou the record.
Mr. MORl'ON. Mr. President,, the effect
of the motion of the Senator from South Caro
ium is to make what is called amnesty univer-
sal, to authorize the ring-leaders, the authors
those who i imagined and created the rebellion,
to hold ofhee. The effect of it is to ,emove
the last mark of legal disapprobation from the
rebellion. i he effect of it is to declare to the
wond—and that will be the meaning of it, I
care not what temporary and transient reasons
may be assigned here to-day—ihat there was
no crime in the rebellion, that treason against
tins Government carries with it no conse-
queuces.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
to ask a question ?
Mr. MORl'ON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAWYER.^ I ask the Senator if he
regards the retention of political disabilities as
a punishment for treason?
Mr. MORTON. I consider that question
Wholly immaterial. The logic of it is, that
because Jeff. Davis was not hung, as Ir; and
others ought to have been, therefore he should
be allowed to hold office. It is a non scquitur.
1 do not see the force of it. Because we have
done what we ought not to have donu ; because
we have gone a great length in relieving the
greatest criminals the world has ever known,
therefore it is argued that now we should take
the last step, remove from thein the last evi-
dence of legal or constitutional disapproba-
tion, authorize them to hold office, and to
declare now, after all we have said and done
in regard to the rebellion, lhat it involved no
turpitude, involved no ciiuie, was simply an
honest difference of opinion, and that'the
authors and conceivers of it shall be allowed
to return to the places of power, and hold
the highest offices in the land, if we are pre-
pared to stultify ourselves before the world, if
we are prepared to educate our children into
this belief, then we should sustain the motion
of the Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, during this
long debate the motives of Senators have been
often questioned, and imputations have been
hiade that, I think ought never to be mad;
in this body. 1 am a little surprised that tb'i
Senator from South Carolina, alter this Ion"
debate that we have had here, should rise
and now impute motives to Senators tliar are
not justified by their avowals or their votes.
Mr. CONKLING. It has been indulged in
frequently before by others. There is nothing
new in it. °
Mr. WILSON. I have admitted that. I
suppose that, Senators who have avowed them-
selyea^in favor of amnesty mean what they say.
and Senators who have voted for the civil
rights amendment voted for it because they
thought it was their duty so to vote, and that
it was sound policy to carry these two meas-
ures through the Senate and through Con-n ess
together. I have voted for the cnii rights
amendment proposed by my colleague because
there are some provisions of it which I deem
essential aud demanded by the necessities of
a portion of oar fellow-citizens.
.i.1 7, "ol °.nly in f:iV0r of amnestv as far as
the bill that is before us goes, but I go a gteat
deal further, and I am will.ug to so ametld
the bill that the exceptions shall applv only to
members of the Cabinet, judges of i<he Supreme
Courr, and memheis ot Congress who took
parr m the rebelion.
. That was the view I entertained when the pro-
vision was pui into the Constitution. We have
been called upon to vote often during the last
ten yea'-s not always according to our wi.-h
out according to the needs of the country We
have often been compelled to give up our own
modes of action and all that we wUh ro do, to
carry our friends along together to accomplish
the gieat work m which we liav« been
gaged. And when this propos.tio,, was made
originally to put (his disqualification in ih-
U>HSt.ituuon of the Country, in another  ;ace
and in another consultation, I opposed it and
voted alone against it; but 1 voted for it here
because 1 yielded my judgment to others; I
advocated it, helore the peonle, and 1 hive
stood on it. I wished ihen simply -0 in to
tie Constitution a disqnal.Oction a'.pHi
on y to the men who sat here with us, or "who
were in the Supreme Court or m the Cabinet
nlirV| S ,ip0n fhpir day and
night treason against the country.
1,W,1f ' iu-Go,<; s'r.- <htu wo 11taken no
elded t S reb|e' 10'! 'si"Ce tl,e d"s!l
ended. I am glad that no man has been
wnnU l   "0t bflov,« thls Oovermnent
would be stronger to-day if we had done n.
1 do not believe the Government of France
to-day is stronger for executing iho com-
munists whom they have cor,vie,vd We
asserted the power of the Goverment every-
body knows it, and with the assertion of nl:
power has gone out the record of the charity,
the humanity, the mercy of this Christian.
