1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
joint select Committee to Inquire into the Condition
of the late Insurrectionary States, on Monday, the
17th day of July, 1871, at ten o'clock a. m., at their
committee-rooin at Unionville, South Carolina, then
and there to testify what you may know relative
to the subject-matters under consideration by said
committee. , _ 1A
Hereof fail not, as you will answer your deiault
under the pains and penalties in such cases provided.
To John It. French, Sergeant-at-Arms of the Sen-
ate of the United States, to serve and return.
Given under my hand, by order of the committee,
this 14th day of July, in the year of our Lord 1871.
JOHN SCOTT,
Chairman of the Select. Committee.
Senate or the United States,
Office of the Sergeant-at-Arm-s.
I do appoint and hereby empower E. M. Williams
to serve t bis subpena, and to exercise all the author-
ity in relation thereto with which I am vested by
the within order. JOHN R. FRENCH,
Sergeant-at-Armsof the Senate of the United States.
[Indorsement.]
Spartanburg, South Carolina,
«/te&14,1871.
I served the within subpena personally on Clay-
ton Camp and P. Q. Camp, on this day, Friday, the
14th day of July, 1871, and I -went to the residence
of J. Banks Lyle, to serve it on him, and was in-
formed he had left this day with his family for North
Carolina.
So answers E. M. WILLIAMS.
Sworn and subscribed as true before me, this 14th
day of July, 1871. JOHN SCOTT.
Whereupon the following resolution was adopted:
"Whereas David Gist, of Union county, South
Carolina, and Clayton Camp, of Spartanburg county,
South Carolina, were respectively duly summoned
to appear before the sub-committcc of the joint
select Committee to Inquire into the Condition of
the late Insurrectionary States, and have severally
failed to appear before said sub-committee, pursu-
ant to said respective summonses: Therefore,
"Resolved That the chairman of said joint select
committee be instructed to report the foregoing-
recited facts to the Senate, at such time during the
next session of Congress as he may deem advisable,
and request, in behalf of this committee, that the
President or the Senate issue his several warrants,
directed to the Sergeant-at-Arms, for the arrest of
said witnesses, to answer for their contempt of the
authority of Congress."
The subpenas by which said witnesses were com-
manded to appear and testify before said sub-com-
mittee, at the times and places referred to therein,
together with certificate of service thereof, are hereto
attached, and marked " Exhibit No. 1."
The concurrent resolution of the two Houses of
Congress, of April 1,1871, authorizing the appoint-
ment of a joint select Committee to Inquire into the
Condition of the late Insurrectionary States, is hereto
attached, and marked " Exhibit No. 2."
In pursuance of the foregoing resolution of the
joint select committee, the following is respectfully
submitted to the Senate:
Whereas the two Houses of Congress did, by their
concurrent resolution passed on the 7th day of April,
1871, authorize and direct the appointment of a joint
select committee for the performance of certain
duties in said concurrent resolution specified,the said
joint select committee to be composed of members of
the said two Houses; that is to r ay, of seven members
of the Senate and fourteen members of the House of
Representatives, which said joint select committee
was duly appointed as by said concurrent resolution
provided; and whereas, in the discharge and per-
formance of the duties so enjoined upon them, the
said joint select committee did appoint a subcom-
mittee of their own uumber to take testimony in the
State of South Carolina, which said sub-committee,
on the 14th day of July, 1871, by subpena duly issued
and served, did summon and command a certain
Clayton Camp, of Spartanburg county, South Caro-
lina, to appear before said sub-committee; and on
the 18th day of July, 1871, by like subpena duly
issued and served, did summon and command a cer-
tain David Gist, of Union county. South Carolina, to
appear before said sub-committee, each of said wit-
nesses so summoned to testify before the said sub-
committee touching the matters and things which
the joint select committee were authorized and
required by the concurrent resolution of the two
Houses of Congress to examine and inquire into ;
and whereas the said Clayton Camp and the said
David Gist, having been so summoned and com-
manded, did fail and refuse to appear before the
said sub-committee, thereby showing themselves in
contempt of the Senate of the United States as well
as of the House of Representatives: Therefore,
MesolvedbytfreSenateofthe United States, (the House
of Representatives concui ring,) That the President of
the Senate issue liis several warrants, directed to the
Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate, commanding him
to take into his custody the bodies of the said Clay-
ton Camp and David Gist respectively, wherever to
be found, and to have the same forthwith before the
bar of the Senate to answer as for a contempt of the
authority of the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. It is not necessary to read
the exhibits accompanying the report. Before
I ask leave to make the other report to which
I referred I crave the indulgence of the Senate
to make a very.brief statement giving the
reason why I shall ask that the consideration
of the resolution I have just reported lie over
until to-morrow.
It will be observed, that although this report
is made to the Senate, the resolution appended
to it is a concurrent resolution. I am not
aware that any case has heretofore occurred
in which witnesses have been reported as fail-
ing to appear before a joint committee of
Congress. All cases of that character here-
tofore occurring, so far as I know, have been
before select committees of one of the two
Houses of Congress, or before some of the
standing committees of the respective Houses
of Congress. The mode of proceeding pre-
sents a question here, and the committee has
directed me to make the report and to present
the resolution as a concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the President of the Senate to issue
his warrant for the apprehension of these
witnesses, believing that although the con-
tempt committed is a contempt of the whole
body of Congress, it is in the power of the
two Houses to authorize one House to proceed
and deal with the witness for the contempt, as
of course it would be very inconvenient to
deal with him by the assemblage of the two
Houses, and having been dealt with by one,
the ends of the law would be accomplished,
and it would be entirely improper, if not
illegal, to proceed further.
I will now state that I have also a report
accompanied with a resolution directing a war-
rant to issue against, another witness who did
appear before the joint committee, but refused
to answer a number of questions which the
committee decided to be pertinent. They have
instructed me to make this report accompanied
also with a concurrent resolution. Apart from
the other questions which may be presented as
to whether a warrant should issue for all or
either of these witnesses, this one of the proper
mode of proceeding is one that I have deemed
it proper to bring to the attention of the Sen-
ate, and for that reason, if for no other, after
this report shall have been received and the
resolution read, I shall ask that the resolutions
lie over until to-morrow, when I shall call
them up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending res-
olution reported by the committee will lie over
until to-morrow, and be printed. The Senator
from Pennsylvania, from the same joint com-
mittee, makes another report, which he also
desires to have lie over. It will be read.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the
report, as follows:
The joint select Committee to Inquire into the
Condition of the late Insurrectionary States, ap-
pointed under and in pursuance of a concurrent
resolution of the two Houses of Congress of April 7,
1871, ask leave to report in part as follows 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will inquire of the
Senator from Pennsylvania if there is any
object in reading this report at length? He
has stated what it contains. It is a mere
formal statement of the issuing of process, and
the return, 1 suppose, like the other report,
except that it relates to another witness. Does
he desire to have it read at length ?
Mr. SCOTT. It is not necessary, unless the
Senate desire to be informed of the nature of
the questions which the witness declined to
answer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest, then, that the
Secretary read that portion of the report, leav-
ing out the issuing of the summons and return,
and so on. Let him read the questions that
were propounded and which the witness refused
to answer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is that satisfac-
tory to the Senator from Pennsylvania?
Mr. SCOTT. That is entirely satisfactory
to me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read that portion of the report suggested
by the Senator from Illinois.
The reading of the report was concluded, as
follows:
That at ameeting of the joint select committee, con-
vened in the Capitol, on September 21,1871, it was
Ordered, That the chairman of the joint commit-
tee [Mr. Scott] and Messrs. Pool and Blair be a
sub-committee to examine the witnesses now [then]
in attendance.
In pursuance of said order, the said sub-commit-
tee met on the 23d day of September, 1871, and one
W. L. Saunders, of Chapel Hill, North Carolina, who
had been duly subpenaed as a witness to appear
before the joint select committee of the two Houses
of Congress, then appeared and submitted to be
examined as a witness, and was duly sworn by the
chairman of the joint select committee. In the
examination of said witness the following questions
by the chairman and answers by the witness were
elicited:
"Question. The purpose of this committee is to
inquire in relation to the execution of the laws, and
thesecurity of life, person, and property in the late
insurrectionary States. As bearing upon that ques-
tion we have beeu examining in regard to the exist-
ence of secret organizations in the State of North
Carolina, particularly those which are alleged to
have committed acts of violence. Have you been
at any time, or are you now, a member of any secret
political organization of that character in the State
of North Carolina?
Answer. Well, sir, I decline to say whether or
not I have been a member of any of the so-called
Ku Kiux organizations, on the ground that I am not
obliged to testify in a case wherein I may criminate
myself. I do this without intending any disrespect
to the committee, but just simply upon the consti-
tutional exemption.
" Question. Do you decline to answer the question
on the ground that you cannot do so without crim-
inating yourself?
"Answer. I decline to answer the question on the
ground that if I testify in this case it will furnish
evidence which will make me amenable to the laws
of North Carolina, as declared by the judges of the
supreme court of North Carolina.
" Question. Have you been at any time, or are you
now, a member of an organization known as the
White Brotherhood?
44 Answer. Well, sir, I conceive that that question
comcs in the same category.
'' Question. Do you decline to answer that question ?
"Answer. I decline to answer that question, be-
cause, without meaning to say whether or not I am
a member of that particular organization, that
method of examination would lead to theparticular
organization ot which I may be a, member. It is
getting at an affirmative fact by indirectness, which,
T conceive, is covered by the constitutional pro-
vision.
" Question. Have you been at any time, or are you
now, a member of the organization known as the
Constitutional Union Guards?
" Answer. To that I give the same answer.
" Question. Have you been at any time, or are you
now, a member of the organization known as the
Invisible Empire?
" Ansicer. I make the same answer as before.
" Question. Have you been at any time, or are you
now, a member of any of the organizations which
are popularly known as Ku Klux organizations ?
"Answer. I make the same answer to all these
questions.
" Question. Do you decline to answer any or all of
these questions on the ground that you cannot do so
without criminating yourself?
"Answer. Yes, sir; without leading to that result.
"Question. I will read to you the act of Congress
of 1862 on that subject, for the purpose of letting you
know that that is not a valid excuse. I will first read
the second section of the act of 1857, which is as
follows:
"' Sec. 2. be it further enacted. That no person
examined and testifying before either House of Con-
gress, or any committee of either House, shall be
held to answer criminally in any court of justice, or
subject to any penalty or forfeiture for any fact or
aot touching which he shall be required to testify
• before either House of Congress, or any committee of
either House, as to which he shall have testified,
whether before or after the date of this act, and that
no statement made or paper produced by any witness
before either House of Congress, or before any com-
mittee of either House, shall be competent testimony
in any criminal proceeding against such witness in
any court of justice; and no witness shall hereafter
be allowed to refuse to testify to any fact or to pro-
duce any paper touching which he shall be exam-
ined by either House of Congress, or any committee
of either House, for the reason that his testimony
touching such factor the production of fetich paper
may tend to disgrace him or otherwise render him
iniamous : Provided, That nothing in this act shall
be construed to exempt any witness from prosecu-
tion and punishment for perjury committed by him
in testifying as aforesaid.'
"That is modified by the act of 18G2 in this way:
"' That the provisions of the second section of the
act entitled "An act more effectually to enforce the
attendance of witnesses on the summons of either
Hou&e of Congress, and to compel them to discover
testimony." approved January 24.1S57, beamtmded.
altered, and repealed, so as to read as follows: That
the testimony of a witness examined and testifying
before either House of Congress, or any committee
of either House of Congress, shall not be used as
evidence in any criminal proceeding against such
witness in any court of justice: Provided, h/jicevet.
That no official paper or record produced by such
