922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
order to carry out this purpose, it is necessary to
raise the sum of §15,000. Your county has been
assessed 12,000, which you will please raise, and
transmit to Columbia to the committee in charge.
WADE HAMPTON,
M. O. BUTLER,
J. B. PALMER,
J. P. THOMAS.
P. L. LEAPIIART,
W. B. STANLEY,
JOHN MeKENZIE,
Committee.
Mt Deab Str: Mr. Stanbery, Revcrdy Johnson,
and Judge Barrett of New York, have consented to
come, and we shall need $15,000. Do raise what
you can.
Yours, truly, WADE HAMPTON.
Colonel C. Jones, Rock Hill, South Carolina.
Subscription lists hare been placed in the hands
of James Mason, W. II. McCor'tle, and W. B. Metts,
of Yorkville, and of J. M. Ivy and \V\ L. Roddey,
of Rock Hill.
C. JONES.
Mr. SCOTT. I may say in commenting on
that circular that in that portion of South
Carolina in which this paper is published, and
to the people of which it is addressed, the
complaints about State taxation are perhaps
as loud as they are in any other portion of the
State; the complaints that are made against
the South Carolina State government are as
pointed aud as severe as in any oilier part of
the State ; and yet this circular is sent to that
tax-ridden community with the name of M,
C. Butler to it, one of the gentlemen referred
• to, asking thetn to assess themselves in the
sum of §2,000 in that county for the purpose
of defending the men who were indicted as
Ku Klux criminals. I am certainly author-
ized now to say that General M. C. Butler has
put himself in the position of being willing at
least to have the Ku Klux acquitted upon
constitutional grounds: buthe does notdesire
to have them punished.
With that statement I wish to enforce the
position which I took when I first addressed
tlie Senate on this subject, namely, that we
have thrown away the vantage ground which
we bad under this fourteenth constitutional
amendment; for I find on page G55 of the six-
teenth volume of Statutes-at-Large this act of
Congress:
"That all legal and political disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth amendment of tho Constitution
of the United States by reason of participation in
the late rebellion be, and they hereby are, removed
from M. C.Butler, ot Edgefield county, South Car-
olina."
This act was approved on the 14th of July,
1870. If, then, the information given by the
Senator from Vermont, be true, and if the posi-
tion which this gentleman has himself taken in
the circular I have read identifies himself with
the Ku Klux organization, we have the fact
that already, by the over-liberal legislation of
Congress, the very man whose case is appealed
to as a reason why the amnesly bill should not
be passed has had his disabilities removed by
a vote of Congress; and in all probability the
Senator from Vermont may have voted for
the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not by any means.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not know how that was.
However that may be, here is the fact that a
noted example now held up to the Senate as
a reason why amnesty should not be granted
is already eligible, may come here, has been
a candidate before his people for the office of
Lieutenant Governor of South Carolina. I
am aware that he was beaten thirty-four thou-
sand. and if I might slate all that he said on
that subject it would appear that he argues
that although he was beaten he does not think
that thirty-four thousand was quite the num-
ber of the majority against him ; ami therefore,
as my friend from South Carolina has said,
the removal of bis disabilities with a colored
constituency to vote for him does not render
his prospects for office v 'ry bright at least.
J need not say that m this statement which I
have made I have no desire toi-creeii any man
who is in any manner connected with the Ku
Klux organization. The manner in which I have
treated that subject has perhaps grown to be
habitual with me, for, as I have already said,
when the whole truth comes to be known
about that organization, the world will wonder
at its incredulity for the past three years. No
organization that has ever disgraced a civilized
country has dragged civilized men down so
near to barbarism as it has done; and no organ-
ization with its ramifications and its extent
has ever been able in a land of intelligence to
carry on its infernal deeds with such secrecy
and such success against the poor and the
defenseless as that organization has done.
I wish to put none of these men in a false
position. Time will reveal, as it is rapidly
revealing, who have been and who are respon-
sible for these outrages; but, sir, let these
outrages have been as great as they may, I am
driven to the conclusion that we shall make them
no less by refusing now to give amnesty to that
large number who by their votes can send here
Representatives who stood in the same class
where they stand as long as their disabilities
are not removed. As I have already said, [
will not vote for this amendment for reasons,
as I have already stated, inherent in my own
constitution. There are a few men yet that I
do not want to see here with us, but the re-
marks to which we have just listened having
been made by the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmonds] and the Senator from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Robertson,] I deemed that the
position which 1 occupy with regard to this
Ku Klux business would justify me in violat-
ing the resolve I had made not to speak on
this bill again.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent. after this long and weary debate I know
that the Senate is impatient for a vote. Cer-
tainly I am, and I do not intend to occupy
two minutes of the time of the Senate. Per-
haps the wisest thing that could now be done
would be to strike out all in relation to am-
nesty in this bill and pass it alone, and then
to take up a bill somewhat similar to that of
the House, providing for general but not uni-
versal amnesty. After hearing the Senator
from Pennsylvania, I am more encouraged to
ask the Senate to adopt an additional amend-
ment which I send to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] moves an
amendment to perfect the part proposed to be
stricken out by the Senator from South Caro-
lina. [Mr. Sawyer.] It will be reported by
the Secretary.
I. he Chief Clerk. It is proposed to insert
after the nineteenth line, in the second page,
as an additional paragraph, the following:
Fourth. All persons who have been or shall be mem-
bers of what is known as the Ku Klux Klan, or any
organization existing or whicn may exist for like
objects and purposes.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President, I simply desire
to say one word as to.the statement made by
the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott,]
in which he endeavored to inculpate some very
distinguished gentlemen of South Carolina as
Ku Klux, by reading a circular in which they
undertook to pay the expenses of the trial of
certain parties charged 
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator will'allow me
to set him right. I expressly stated that I
would not say that they were Ku Klux, but
they had put themselves by this circular in
the position of being willing to raise money
for the purpose of defending Ku Klux. I
expressly disavowed saying that they were
members of that organization.
Mr. BLAIR. I think the Senator is disin-
genuous.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator from
Missouri allow me for a moment?
Mr. BLAlli. I simply intended to make a
retnaik or two. I did not intend to occupy
as inn eh tone es tne Senator from Pennsylva-
nia nas occupied in the interruption. I sim-
ply intended to refer to the extraordinary cir-
cumstances existing in South Carolina, where
by the proclamation of the President of the
United States, martial law has bemi declared
over eight or nine counties, and the people
dragged from their homes upon the accusa-
tion of the vilest and lowest characters in the
State. The gentlemen who signed this circu-
lar came forward and appealed to their fellow-
citizens to aid in vindicating the men who
have thus been dragged before the courts of
the United States upon a law authorizing the
President to declare martial law.
Now, I will state upon this floor, and it
cannot be truthfully contradicted, that there
was no ground, there was no disturbance in
that part of South Carolina which authorized
the President, under the act of Congress, to
declare martial law, and all the arrests that
were made were made for crimes which were
alleged to have occurred one, two, and three
years prior to the passage of the act of Con-
gress ; but the whole community were put
under martial law by the President. We know
it was done for political purposes. The whole
nation knows that it was done merely for
political purposes; that there was nothing
which authorized the President at that mo-
ment, or at any time subsequent to the legis-
lation of Congress, to declare martial law in
those districts of South Carolina ; and because
citizens of that State who knew that innocent
men had been dragged before the courts came
forward and asked their fellow citizens to de-
fray the expenses of the trials in order to test
the constitutionality of the act of Congress
under which they were tried, they are branded
here in the Senate of the United States as
belonging to this organization. I do not be-
lieve that any man who knows either of those
gentlemen would for a moment believe the
accusation, no matter by whom made, nor
the insinuation, no matter by whom it was
put forth.
Mr. President, I believe that every man who
is accused of crime is entitled to be held in-
nocent until he is proved guilty. I do not
believe, with the President" of the (Jnited
States, that those persons in South Carolina
who avoided arrest under his illegal declara-
tion of martial law were guilty and confessed
themselves to be guilty wheu they attempted
to avoid arrest. I do not beiieve that alt those
persons arrested were guilty. Hundreds of
them have been turned loose already as not
being guilty ; hundreds have been acquitted,
and none of them have been convicted except
of conspiracy upon the evidence of men whom
no one would believe.
Under these circumstances, to attempt to
inculpate, to attempt to stain the character of
men of such high standing as the gentlemen
who have been named here, because they came
forward to defend those who had been arrested
under this proces s, is, in my opinion, anything
but proper. ' °
I did not intend when I rose to enter into
-this debate. I think I have said about, as much
as there is any necessity for. I simplv intended
to enter my protest, against the assumption that
these men were guilty of the crimes which have
been so denounced by the Senator from Penn-
STlyauia, simply because they came forward to
defend their fellow-ciiizetrs, and to provide
them with the means of defense against au
unconstitutional law.
Mr. SCOLT. Mr. President, the time will
doubtless come when it will be proper to di,->-
cuss the question which the Senator from Mis-
souri has started, whether the President uf
the United States was justified in suspending
the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus in
the counties in South Carolina in which that
was done. When that time does come. I think
when the country understand-- ,'uliy the condi-
tion of tilings then exiting, ;,ud which had
preceded the exeicise of that prnv.-r, ho
will doubt lb at. he was not only jusiith-d, but
that lie would have been derelict to his hn<h-
est duty it he had not exercised ihat power.
When that time comes I shall take occasion
