1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
923
then, if it be necessary, to vindicate the exer-
cise of I hat power.
I shall not enter any further into the discus-
sion of the quesiion about the three gentlemen
who have been named. I shall leave that ques-
tion just where what has been said places it.
But, as the Senator from Missouri has intro-
duced at this time the character of the arrests
that were made and the trials that took place
in South Carolina, before that topic passes
away from the attention of the Senate, and so
that what I say on that subject may accom-
pany what the Senator from Missouri has said,
let me call attention to two or three facts which
of themselves will be the best answer to the
charge that there was no necessity for exer-
cising the power, or that it was exercised upon
innocent persons.
The grand jury which sat in South Carolina
at the recent term of the circuit court has
made a presentment—and I am sorry I have
not got it here; I would have had it if I sup-
posed this question was to come up—and in
that presentment they found that since Octo-
ber, 1870, over six hundred men, women, and
children were whipped and maltreated, and
thirteen assassinated in the county of York;
that an equal number were whipped and mal-
treated and a greater number killed in the
county of Union; and that about the same
number were whipped and five or six killed
in the county of Spartanburg—three of the
counties in which this power of the President
was exercised; and that within a period of
about six months! And when the writ of
habeas corpus was suspended and the per-
sons charged with committing these offenses
were arrested and turned over to the commis-
sioners of the United Slates, who committed
them for trial, what did we find in the circuit
court? Innocent persons dragged from their
homes and brought before a tribunal for the
purpose of punishment for crimes of which
they were not guilty? Why, sir, very nearly
fifty of them wentinto court, and in open court
plead guilty to the indictments which were
preferred against them.
The Senator says that the offenses with
which they were charged were only conspiracy
to commit, crime. But why was that the only
offense of which they were convicted? Because
there was a division of the court, the district,
judge and the circuit judge sitting together on
the question of whether they had jurisdiction
of indictments charging murder, and under
the law that question has gone tethe Supreme
Court of the United States. But if the Sen-
ator will take the testimony and read it, as I have
done, given upon the trial of those indictments
for conspiracy, he will find that of the men
who were most responsible for these crimes,
one, a prominent man in the county of York,
a leading physician, was the leader of a band
of Ivu Klux, who had dragged from his home
and hanged in the presence of his wife an un-
offending citizen. This is the reason that the
offense of which they were convicted was only
conspiracy; but the testimony which convicted
them of conspiracy shows that, minders were
committed, and with a s:ate of public senti-
ment existing in those counties which par-
alyzed the authorities and the officers of the
law, where crime had been rampant and hold-
iug high carnival for over six months, the
power was exeicised.
As I have already said, I will not rep'y at
greater length now ; but 1 wish it to be known
that instead of innocent men being dragged
from their homes and taken into court, they
are confessed criminals, who are now upon
their own confessions expiating their crimes in
the prison to which they have been sentenced.
Mr. EDMUNDS. lean readily understand,
Mr. President, the zeal which the honorable
Senator from Missouri brings to this cause,
because it is the old zeal and it is the same
sort of zeal, though I am glad to believe not
inspired by the same motives, that carries on
the operations now in the southern States which
we are called upon to approve with the seal
of our approbation by declaring that the men
who commit them and carry them on are suit-
able and worthy citizens to be elevated to the
government of those States, and to participate
in the administration of the law, or in the
pretense of the administration of law over the
people whom they now, without law, oppress
and scourge and assassinate.
Mr. BLAIR. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the greatest pleas-
ure.
Mr. BLAIR. I did not understand the Sen-
ator's language exactly when he spoke of the
zeal of the Senator from Missouri. Am I to
understand the Senator as meaning to attribute
to me zeal in defense of those crimes of which
he has assumed to speak?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; I said quite the
reverse. I said that my honorable friend
from Missouri had the same zeal, though not
inspired by the same motives.
Mr. NORWOOD. Will the Senator yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With great pleasure.
Mr, NORWOOD. I hope the Senator from
Vermont will state to the Senate what definite
evidence he has that the gentlemen to whom
he has referred are at the head of the Ku Klux
Klau in South Carolina. It seems to me to
be a bare assumption, arising probably outof
the letter which was read at the desk just
now.
Mr, EDMUNDS. 1 have no doubt the hon-
orable Senator considers it a bare assumption.
We were told less than a year ago that the be-
lief that there was any Ku Klux at all was a
bare assumption. Itithe eyesaud in \he minds
of some gentlemen everything is an assump-
tion which looks to the protection of human life
and good order in society; I must confess that.
And therefore we were told, when we passed
the bill under which these developments have
been made, incomplete as they have been,
owing to the want of judicial force in those
States, that we were acting upon a crazy as-
sumption ; and yet, after all, that crazy as-
sumption has turned out in the estimation of
the honorable Democrats who undertook to
defend the accused people, to be such that
they, in the infinite horror and disgust that
characterize high-minded gentlemen, left tiieir
clients to take care of themselves, and re-
turned to their'homes. Assumption, indeed !
Does the honorable Senator who has addressed
me, still have a lack of faith in the feet we
assume, that horrible atrocities unuuinbered,
unaccused, unpunished until this law came into
force, spread over all these States 
Mr. NORWOOD. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him again?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ceitainly.
Mr. NORWOOD. I- still call the Senator
to the point. I desire him to give the Senate
the information he has alluded to, and not to
assume that these gentlemen are guilty, unless
he gives us evidence of it—something more
than a bare statement.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Can my friend possess his
soul in patience long enough, say for four or
five minutes, until I come to that precise part
of the ease?
Mr. NORWOOD. Youhadasked mewhether
I was not ulrealy satisfied before you made the
statement.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I asked him no such question, i asked
him whether he was alieady satisfied, and
I suould like him to tell this Senate and this
country whether this immeasurable and shame-
ful atrocity, which has been developed in the
southern States in part, is not an organized
and regulated atrocity, that the tribunals ot
those Slates take no steps to punish ? I pause
for a reply.
Mr. NORWOOD. I ask the Senator again
not to refer to the existence of the Ku Klux
Klan or organization. That ia not the point
we are on.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is the point I am on
just at this moment.
Mr. NORWOOD. I beg the Senator's par-
don. If he is on that point, he is off the
point which he first raised before the Senate.
He got up and stated that there were certain
gentlemen in South Carolina whom he desired
to have excluded from, the benefit of this bill.
Is that correct?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, I did not sa,y there
were " certain gentlemen" in South Carolina
that I desired should bo excluded.
Mr. NORWOOD. Well, certain parties;
that is the exception that he desired made in
this bill. Now, the Senator from Missouri has
said that he thinks it unjust to those gentle-
men (if the Senator from Vermont will allow
me to use that word in connection with these
parties) that they should be charged with
being at the head of this organization unless
some better evidence be given of it than the
fact that they had made an appeal to their
countrymen to assist in the defense of men
who had been charged with crime. Now the
honorable Senator asks me if I am satisfied
that the Ku Klux organization exists. 1 say
that is not the question before the Senate. He
is trying to convince us that we ought to exclude
these three gentlemen from the benefit of the
bill, and I ask for the evidence upon which
we are to act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not all that I am
trying to convince the Senate of, that wc ought
to exclude these three gentlemen. I am try-
ing to convince the Senate that we ought to
exclude every person who is still an enemy to
the Government, who is still an enemy to his
fellow-ciiizens in the locality in which ho
resides, and who has abandoned the manly
treason (if you can use such a word) of open
hostility to the Government, levying war against
it for the baser and meaner hostility of private
assassination under an organization such as is
stated. That is what I am trying to convince
the Senate of.
Now let me ask the honorable Senator
again—and I can assure him that he is under
no obligation to answer, because there is a
constitutional provision which interferes in
such a case, and I am as much for the Consti-
tution as he is—I ask whether he does not
know, in that moral sense upon which a legis-
lative body must always act., that in these
States the leaders of the rebellion, the intelli-
gent power in society, has an organization of
this character, which, instead of in the brave
and manly way of carrying on open hostility,
resorts to private assassination and murders
and scourgmgs, and all manner of evil treat-
ment? 1 am perfectly willing at this moment
to be interrupted for an answer.
Mr. NORWOOD. I will wait until the
Senator is through.
Mr. EDMUNDS. When I say this, I beg
the honorable Senator to understand that I am
not wishing to avoid his inquiry. I will an-
swer it presently ; it comes in a little later;
or if he prefers, I will answer that now, and
then ask hiai, as he comes from that region,
to do us the honor to give his testimony on the
state of facts existing there.
I takeit, then, that 1 am to testify first. Very
well. I did not allude at all to the document
which my honorable friend from Pennsylvania
has had read at the desk, which only corrobo-
rates and fortifies the evidence in the posses-
sion of the Government at this moment
respecting these three persons. I alludtd to
the fact and stated, as the honorable Senator
from Georgia would have known it he had
done me the honor to listen to me, that J am
informed from the best authoiity that there is
now in the executive department of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, charged with
the administration of law in the State of South
