1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1819
of a light-house at the head of the northern
outlet oi' Lake Winnebago, in the State of
Wisconsin; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. PRA.TT presented the petition of Hon.
Henry C. Whitney and three hundred citizens
of southern Kansas, praying that the public
domain may be reserved to the people for
homesteads; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented a
memorial of workers in connection with the
Champion furnace, citizens of Champion vil-
lage, Marquette county, Michigan, remon-
strating against a change of the existing tariff
laws abating or abolishing duties upon such
articles as are successfully produced in this
country, and for a repeal of all duties upon tea
and coffee; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented a memorial of workers
in connection .with the Appleton furnace,
citizens of Appleton City, Outagamie county,
Wisconsin, remonstrating agair.st a change in
the existing tariff laws abating or abolishing
duties on such articles as are successfully pro-
duced in this country ; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of workers
in connection with the Morgan furnace, citi-
zens of Morgan village, Marquette county,
Michigan, remonstrating against a change of
the existing tariff laws abating or abolishing
duties upon such articles as are successfully
produced in this country ; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. CALDWELL presented a memorial of
settlers on Indian lands south of Kansas, pray-
ing that they may be allowed to secure titles
to their homes, and that Congress will interpose
to prevent their removal therefrom ; which was
reierred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Mrs. E.
Link, asking for a pension on the ground that
she is the mother of Henry Link, who died
from disease contracted while in the Army;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. SHERMAN presented two memorials
of workers in pig metal, citizens of Bloom
Furnace, Scioto county, Ohio, remonstrating
against a change of the existing tariff laws
abating or abolishing duties upon such articles
as fire successfully produced in this country ;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HITCHCOCK presented a petition of
preemptors and settlers in Platte and Colfax
counties, Nebraska, praying thai preemptors
may have five year| from the time of filing to
pay for preemptions; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, late soldiers of the Army of
the United States, praying the enactment of a
law for the equalization of bounties, allowing
§8 38} per month for the time of service to
all soldiers ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
He also presented five memorials of citizens
of New York and Pennsylvania, remonstrating
against the proposed reduction of the duty on
earthenware and stoneware ; also praying the
enactment of a law imposing a specific duty
of seven dollars per ton on all foreign earthen-
ware, stoneware, clay drain or sewer-pipes, and
chimney-flues, and a duty of nine dollars per
ton on the bends, branches, and other fittings
of such pipes and flues, and a duty of ten
dollars per ton on all foreign clay chimney-
tops; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WINDOM. I present a petition from
late soldiers in the Army of the United States,
residing in different parts of the Union, pray-
ing for a modification of the homestead law.
I desire to state that the bill for the passage of
which these petitioners ask has been reported
by the committee and is now on the table.
I have presented petitions and memorials rep-
resenting over three hundred thousand soldiers,
asking for its passage. There will be but
little objection to it if it can be taken up and
heard. I suppose it can be disposed of in five
minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator give notice that he will call it up to*
morrow ?
Mr. WINDOM. I did not ask to call it up.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Looan] has
charge of it.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill was once before
the Senate, but was objected to.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 848, to provide for the irri-
gation of the Bear River valley, in Utah Ter-
ritory.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. There are three
bills that have been taken up to be considered
during the morning hour by unanimous con-
sent, the bill of the Senator from Indiana
and two others, if they should give rise to no
debate. The Chair will state to the Senator
from Indiana that the Senator from Minnesota
desires to have another bill considered this
morning.
Mr. MORTON. I shouldbe glad to accom-
modate the Senator, but if I yield I am afraid
I shall derive no advantage at all from having
my bill taken up.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Virginia, asking
Congress to refuse to reduce the present rate
of import duty on sumac or exempt it from
duty; which were ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Virginia, asking Congress to
amend the bankrupt act of the United States
in such manner as will allow persons taking
its benefits in Virginia an exemption equal in
amount to that allowed under the homestead
act of the State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES. -
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. The Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 435) to authorize the Pres-
ident to appoint George Plunkett a paymas-
ter in the Navy, have directed me to report it
back with a recommendation that it pass, and
with a request that the bill be taken up and
passed now. It is a small bill for the restora-
tion of 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana has just this moment declined
to yield to the Senator from Minnesota. There
are three bills now taken up by unanimous
consent subject to the morning business. If
the Senator will reserve it until to-morrow
morning, he may succeed in getting it consid-
ered then.
Mr. PERRY, of Michigan. Then I will
reserve it. I ask that the report be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, from the Com-
mittee on Patents, to whom was referred the
petition of employes in the model-room in the
Patent Office, asking for an increase of their
pay to seventy-five dollars per month, asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred die petition of Jerome B. Wood-
ruff, praying the extension of certain letters-
patent, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petition of Simeon Savage
and the bill (S. No. 649) for the relief of
Simeon Savage, asked to be discharged from
their further consideration, and moyed the
indefinite postponement of the bill; which was
agreed to.
JOSEPll W- fOWLB'S PATENT.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I now de-
sire to report from the Committee on Patents
the bill to which I reierred a few moments
since, the bill (S. No. 646) to extend letters-
patent heretofore issued to Joseph W. Fowle.
I report it without amendment, and I ask that
it may be now considered and disposed of, as
it will take no time.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in,
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to extend the
reissued letters-patent numbered 2275, and
bearing date the 5th of June, 1866, to and for
the benefit of Joseph W. Fowle, for the fur-
ther term of seven years from and after the
11th of March, 1872.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. There is a
report accompanying the bill, which can be
read if it is'desired.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to hear the
report read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report
submitted by Mr. Ferry, of Connecticut,
from the Committee on Patents, on the 11th
instant:
The Committee on Patents, to whom was referred
the memorial of Josph \V. Fowle, respectfully re-
port as follows:
The memorialist, Joseph W. Powle, of Boston,
Massachusetts, is tile inventor of an improved rock-
drill, which was patented to him in the United
States, March 11, 1851, No. 7972, the patent having
been extended without opposition from the public,
so that the extended term will expire March 11,
1872. The patent was reissued J une 5, I860, No. 2275.
This rock-drill, or drilling machine, or engine, with
some modifications, but embodying the gist of the
memorialist's patented invention, is now, and for a
few years past has been, made and sold by the Bur-
leigh Rock-Dnll Company, of l?itehburf:h, Massa-
chusetts, and such drills are those which have been
and are still employed in the Hoosac tunnel, and all
over the country in quarries, cuttings, tunnels, and
wherever rock has to be removed in large Quantities.
In working the first small machine of the memo-
rialist's invention, he was exposed to wet and cold,
and contracted rheumatism, which steadily increased
until it became chronic and inflammatory, and his
hands, arms, legs, and feet had become distorted to
such an extent that from that time, and ever since,
he has not been able to dress or undress, to cut his
food, or to work. Under these circumstances, he
endeavored to interest parties in his invention; for
lacking means, health, and credit, he must wait an
indetinite period or part with a considerable trac-
tion of the invention to procure means for devel-
oping its merits, and for its introduction to public
notice. At this time the memorialist was under
medical treatment, and earned the money to pay for
his support and expenses by making small machines
and models for others.
In the early part of 1850 the memorialist made an
airangement by which he assigned one half of his
invention to a party representing that he possessed
money, influence, and business ability to devote to
bring this invention to public use and notice.
December 16, 1850, the memorialist filed his appli-
cation on which the patentafterward issued, and the
assignee mentioned arranged^ to build a drilling-
muehino under your memorialist's supervision, and
from his drawings and directions. This machine
was begun in June, 1850, and completed in Septem-
ber of thesame year, and operated successfully; but
as the assignee did not pay for it, it was not deliv-
ered, and was not long after dismembered, ana the
engine and boiler were put to other uses.
Said assignee also failed to pay as agreed for tho
patent, and the memorialist had out of his scanty
means to furnish part of the money needed to secure
the issue of the patent. Said assignee informed the
memorialist of an offer to purchase the patent for
$8,000, which, though fai below its value, the memo-
rialist urged acceptance of, but the assignee, m an
attempt to obtain more, failed to get anything.
The memorialist could find no one to purchase 1
fractional interest, and no one to purchase the wholo
at the rate asked by the assignee, and the memo-
rialist had no means for proceeding in equity to rid
himselt of the incumbrance of the assignment lor
which the consideration had failed. Thus the me-
morialist, without fault orneglect on his part, failed
for many years to secure the adoption of his inven-
tion by the public. At about the time when the
first term of the patent was near expiration, a re-
sponsible solicitor of patents was induced to take up
the case at said solicitor's risk and expense, and the
extension and reissue before named were obtained,
and when the extended patent had but about live
years to run a negotiation was made by vvii'cii lie
sold the extension to Charles Burleigh, oi JHtcli-
burg, Massachusetts, but owing to the limited term
remaining of the extension, no considerable price
could be obtained, and after deducting the expenses
of the extension, reissue, and negotiation, the memo-
rialist received 85.000.
The memorialist expended, oyer and above his
receipts, before and soon after the date ot his po tent,
about two thousand dollars, so that m fact all the
net receipts derived from his invention by the memo-
rialist are about three thousand dollars, less than
an annual receipt of $150 during the existence ot the
^Ihis'invention was made in advance of the abso-
lute requirements of tho age, though with the bodily
energy of which the memorialist has been bereft n®
