1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2715
Mr. BARBER. I am sorry to disturb men
when they arc doing what they suppose to be
a good work; but it strikes me that in all
cases there ought to be some explanation
showing why these parties cannot obtain pen-
sions through the Pension Office, and showing
also that they are meritorious cases.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman can have an explanation by asking for
it in any particular case.
Mr. BARBER. Well, I would like to hear
the report in this case.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose the reports
will all be printed, will they no,t?
Mr. BARBER. I ask for the reading of
the report in this case.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest that we had
better make a general order that in all these
cases the written report shall be printed and
go on record among our official documents.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is a
question for the House to determine.
Mr. BARBER. I ask for the reading of
the report in this case.
Mr. MANSON. This is the only bill I have
reported to night which is not accompanied
with a written report. It is a good case—the
ease of a soldier who contracted disease in
the Army, and is now very much afflicted—
badly crippled. If the gentleman will look
over the papers he will see that the case is a
very excellent one. I thought it so clear that
I did not deem it necessary to write a report
upon it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MANSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
peter brewer.
Mr. MANSON also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R.No. 2469) grant-
ing a pension to Peter Brewer; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Peter Brewer, late a private in
company P, twenty-ninth regiment Indiana
infantry volunteers, the pension to take effect
from the passage of the act.
Mr. STOUGHTON. Why cannot this man
be relieved under existing laws ?
Mr. MOORE. If he could have been we
would not have reported favorably upon his
case.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MANSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ACKER. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
robert ii. brown.
Mr. TURNER, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2170) granting a pension to Robert H. Brown,
of Adair county, Missouri; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Robert H. Brown, late a sergeant
in twenty-fifth regiment Illinois volunteers,
the pension to commence from the passage of
the act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, itfras
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TURNER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john iikddingbr.
Mr. TURNER also, from the same Com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2471) grant-
ing a pension to John Heddinger ; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the. pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of John Heddinger, late boatswain's
mate on the United States steamship Eutaw,the
pension to beat the rate of ten dollars a month
from the passage of the act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TURNER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STOUGHTON. If I understand the
last case next but one, the soldier was on a
furlough, and on the 4th of July had his
hand injured by firing a cannon. I desire to
ask the chairman of the Committee on Invalid
Pensions if he intends to grant pensions in
cases of that kind ? If that be the rule, I will
know what kind of cases to present. He was
not wounded in the line of his duty.
Mr. MOORE, iwanttotell the gentleman
from Michigan that the Committee on Invalid
Pensions would not report favorably on any
of these cases if there were not intrinsic mer-
its to recommend them. I do not propose
now to go into the details of cases whieh have
been passed. If necessary I will make the
motion to reconsider and lay upon the table
in all these cases.
The SPEAKER. The motion has been
made in every case to reconsider and lay upon
the table.
And then, on motion of Mr. ACKER, (at
ten o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees:
By Mr. B1GBY: The petitions of Robert
Hester, Richard P. Lyon, Thomas M. Daniel,
William Grant, William D. Orr, Cicero H.
Sutton, B. D. Thoiuasson, Benjamin Jones,
and Eralbert W. Miller, citizens of Georgia,
asking the removal of their political disabil-
ities.
By Mr. COX: The petition of George
Wilkes and 97 others, citizens of New York
city, against tbe further absorption of the pub-
lic iands by railroad or other corporations,
and to have the residue set apart for the
exclusive use of actual settlers.
By Mr. DUNNELL: The petition of D. L.
How and 71 others, of Minnesota, asking for
the passage of House bill No. 1378.
By Mr. ELDREDGE : The petition of
Thomas Weeks, for pay for services in the
Alexican war.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of Gideon
M. Hazen, of Knoxville, Tennessee, for reim-
bursement for cotton taken from him by the
Union soldiers under General Burnside in the
winter of 1863.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of
Thomas McKean, A. E. McClees, Theodore
Slater, McDaniel & Co., James C. Acheson,
and 19 others, citizens of Washington county,
Pennsylvania, praying the repeal of the spe-
cial tax on the manufacture and sale of tobacco
and cigars, and favoring a uniform tax of six-
teen cents per pound on tobacco.
By Mr. MOREY: The petition of C. E.
Duke, of Catahoula parish, Louisiana.
By Mr. NEGLEY: The petition of Charles
B. Madden, asking the payment of officer's
traveling expenses due him.
By Mr. ORR: Petitions for mail routes in
Iowa, from Eldora to State Center, Chero-
kee to Sibley, and West Side to Sac City.
By Mr. PERRY, of New York: The peti-
tion of J. H. Ransom & Co., E. Wilson & Co.,
William Stott, William L. Warren, and others,
of Albany, State of New York, remonstrating
against any increase of ihe tariff on tin plates.
By Mr. VVHITTHORNE: The petition of
Samuel R. Anderson for removal of his dis-
abilities.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio : The petition
of 56 citizens of Ironton, Ohio, praying the
adoption by Congress of such measures as will
bring the sufferings of the people of Persia
before the public mind, and provide ways and
means for collecting and distributing to the
sufferers such charities as the benevolent may
wish to bestow.
post route bill introduced.
The following was introduced under the
rules, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads:
By Mr. BIGBY: A bill to establish a post
route from Elberton to Hartwell, in Georgia.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 24, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D., Chap-
lain of the House of Representatives.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. MORTON. As there is much morning
business to-day, I suggest, unless some Senator
desires the reading of the Journal, that the
reading be dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent,. The Chair hears no objection,
and the reading of the Journal will be dispensed
with.
order of business.
Mr. COLE. I desire to take up, subject
to the morning business, the report of the
conference committee on the legislative appro-
priation bill. I hope we shall be able to get
through with it in the morning hour.
The VICE^ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California asks unanimous consent that
the report of the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the legislative appropriation bill be taken up,
subject to the morning business. The Chair
hears no objection. Petitions are now in order.
Mr. RAMSEY. I was going to ask the
Senate to give me about fifteen minutes this
morning to make some remarks on the postal
talegraph bill, reported by me some weeks
since.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the call
for petitions, the Senator from Minnesota de-
sires to take up a bill on which he wishes to
speak for about fifteen minutes.
Mr. MORTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection.
senator from north carolina.
Mr. MORTON'. The Committee on Priv-
ileges and Elections, to whom were referred
the credentials of Hon. Matthew W. Ransom,
for a seat as Senator from the State of North
Carolina, beg leave to report that they find
the credentials in proper form, and that Mr.
Ransom is entitled to take his seat.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Senate will now act upon that
resolution. If there is objection, it requires
unanimous consent for its consideration, the
call still resting at petitions.
The resolution was agreed to nem. con.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If Mr. Ransom
