28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the rule were
suspended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the fact of the
bill being in the custody of tlie Clerk withdraw
it any more from the Senate than would its
being in the custody of a committee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It appears so,
because the text is specific. It says, "shall
be returned to the office of the Secretary of
the Senate, and be by him retained until the
next succeeding session of that Congress,
when it shall be returned to the committee to
which it had been previously referred." That
seems to be imperative, but a majority can sus-
pend this rule.
Mr. HAMLIN. I would put this inquiry to
the Chair, whether amotion to suspend all rules
and proceed to the consideration of that bill
would not bring it directly before the Senate?
Mr. CONKLINGr. But the rules require one
day's notice to be given of that motion, 1 think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The usual mo-
tion, to which the Senator from Maine now
refers, is a motion to suspend all prior orders
and proceed to the consideration of a bill._
Mr. HAMLIN. If there be any technical
objection, I would say "to suspend all prior
orders and all rules, and proceed."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That requires
one day's notice. Rule 53 reads:
" No motion to suspend, modify, or amend the
the rules, or any thereof, shall be in order, except
on one day's notice in writing, specifying the rule
to be suspended, modified, or amended, and the pur-
pose thereof."
Undoubtedly on one day's notice any of
these rules may be suspended, except the one
in regard to voting after the result is announced.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I venture to make this
suggestion, which may relieve us all, that by
unanimous consent the motion of the Senator
from South Carolina be entertained. I hope
there will be no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Chair will entertain the motion
of the Senator from South Carolina. Is there
objection? The Chair hears none. The motion
is now before the Senate, and the Secretary will
report the title of the bill alluded to by the
Senator from South Carolina.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (H. R. No.
380) for the removal of legal and political dis-
abilities imposed by the third section of the
fourteenth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The motion of
the Senator from South Carolina is to proceed
to the consideration of this bill, and by the
eleventh rule the Chair would remind the Sen-
ate, as he did yesterday, that debate on the
merits of the question proposed to be consid-
ered is not in order on this preliminary mo-
tion. Is the Senate ready for the question?
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President, can the
Senate suspend one of the joint rules of the
two Houses? As I read the twenty-first joint
rule of the two Houses, we cannot proceed to
the consideration of any bill or other business
coming over from a preceding session until
after six days have elapsed from the com-
mencement of the session. That, it seems to
me, amounts to an affirmative, and prohibits
either House proceeding to the consideration
of a bill or a resolution of the preceding ses-
sion until the six days have elapsed. This
rule, I apprehend, can be suspended by the
action of both Houses,"and in no other way,
because it is a joint rule. I submit to the
Chair whether the Senate alone can suspend
this joint rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
answer the Senator from West Virginia. There
have been four occasions in this body when
questions have been raised on the twenty-first
joint rule, and, as there is no business pressing
before the Senate at this time, the Chair will
read in full the various decisions.
The first decision was made in the second
session of the Thirty-Fourth Congress, when a
resolution was submitted and agreed to pro-
posing to suspend the twenty-first joint rule so
as to allow action upon a certain House bill,
which was the Army appropriation bill, before
the expiration of six days from the commence-
ment of the session. This resolution was sent
to the House of Representatives and agreed
to there, and then the bill was taken up.
The second decision was at the second ses-
sion of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, when Mr.
Gwin moved to take up a Senate bill, the
Pacific railroad bill, on the second day. of the
session. A question of order was raised by
Mr. Pearce, that, under the twenty-first joint
rule, the motion was not in order. The point
of order was sustained by the Vice President,
Mr. Breckinridge.
At the second session of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, when Mr. Poster, the President pro
tempore, was in the chair, Mr. Sumner moved
to take up a Senate bill relative to the elective
franchise in the District of Columbia. The
question of order was raised by Mr. McDougall
that the motion was not in order under the
twenty-first joint rule, and the point of order
was sustained.
At the third session of the Forty-First Con-
gress the question again arose, and that was
the occasion which was within the recollection
of the Chair, and to which he alluded a few
moments since. At the third session of the
Forty-First Congress, on the 5th of December,
1870, Mr. Sherman moved to take up a bill
ceding certain jurisdiction to the State of Ohio.
The Vice President called the attention of the
Senate to previous rulings on similar motions
made within the first six days of a second or
subsequent session of the same Congress.
Debate ensued. The Vice President sub-
mitted the question to the Senate, and the
Senate adjourned. The next day the question
was again debated, but no vote was reached
on the question of order. The subject then j
dropped. It would seem, however, that the j
former rulings were acquiesced in. "This ;
debate," the officer in charge of the digest of j
decisions states, "shows a distinction in the !
operation of the rule between Senate bills and |
bills of the House, and it was held not to apply '
to Senate bills brought in before the six days
expired."
According to these rulings, this House bill
cannot be now taken up, even with the unani-
mous consent of the Senate, except by con-
current action of the two Houses. There are
three express decisions to that effect, and in
the fourth case where the question was raised
those decisions were acquiesced in. It would
appear, therefore, that the construction of the
twenty-first joint rule by the Senate has been
that it requires the- concurrent action of both
Houses to suspend it. The Senate, of course,
sees that the language of the rule might be
construed differently ; but the decision of the
Senate seems to have been uniform on the
subject, and unless some Senator desires to
have the question again submitted to the Sen-
ate, the Chair must sustain the rulings of his
predecessors, acquiesced in by the body in
previous years.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think myself it would
not be advisable to attempt to change the
rulings of the Senate. They seem to have
been uniform. Although I should be very
glad to see this bill acted upon at the earliest
moment—and I trust there is that feeling in
the Senate which will lead to its passage at a
very early day—-I do not well see how it can
be got up to-day. It will have, under the
rulings alluded to by the Chair, to lie over.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it can be taken
up by unanimous consent.
Mr. POMEROY. I object.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I withdraw my motion
under the circumstances, and give notice that
on Monday next I will call up the bill and seek
to secure action upon it.
executive communications.
Several messages in writing were received
from the President of the United States by
Mr. Porter, his Secretary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the communications
upon the table of the Chair are of an execu-
tive character, I make the motion that we pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
If they are for open session, I ask that they be
laid before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Some are of an
executive and some of a legislative character.
The latter the Chair will now lay before the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message of the President of the
United States, transmitting a report from the
Secretary of State, in compliance with the re-
quirements of the eighteenth section of the act
entitled " An act to regulate the diplomatic
and consular systems of the United States,"
approved August 18, 1856, relative to the fees
of consular officers ; which was ordered to be
printed, and lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before
the Senate the following message of the Presi-
dent of the United States, which was ordered
to be printed, and lie on the table:
To the Senate
and House of Representatives:
In pursuance of the provisions, second section of
the act approved June 20, 1804, entitled "An act
making appropriations for the consular and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1865, and for other purposes,"
I inform Congress that William Heine, a consular
clerk, was, on the 30 th of August last, removed from
office for the following cause, namely, insubordina-
tion, disobedience of orders, and disrespectful con-
duct toward his superiors, g GRANT
Washington, December 5,1871.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before
the Senate the following message from the
President of the United States; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed :
To the Senate
and Mouse of Representative* .-
I transmit herewith to Congress a. report dated
November 8, 1871, received from the Secretary of
State.in compliance with therequirement of the act
of March 3, 1871, making appropriations, among
other things, for the increase of expenses and com-
pensation of certain diplomatic and consular officers
of the United States, on account of the late war
between France and Prussia. The expenditures
therein mentioned have been matleon my approval.
U. S. GRANT.
Washington, December 4, 1871.
retirement of russian minister.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before
the Senate a letter from the President of the
United States, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of the 5th
instant, a report from the Secretary of State,
with accompanying papers, relative to the
retirement of Mr. Constantin Catacazy, the
envoy extraordinary and minister plenipoten-
tiary of his Majesty the emperor of Russia to
the United States; which was ordered to lie
on the table, and a motion to print it was
postponed until to-morrow.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. _ After twenty-three minutes spent
in executive session, the doors were reopened,
and (atone o'clock and twenty-eight minutes
p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 6,1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
LAKE MICHIGAN SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. SNAPP, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Itestifoed, That the Committee on Railways and
' Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
