1820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
probably would have succeeded in creating a de-
mand ill advance of that which afterward sprung up.
The invention is of very great and permanent
value. The inventor has not received adequate
remuneration for his time, labor, ingenuity, and
expense.
The committee therefore recommend the passage
of the accompanying bill.
Mr. POMEROY. Is this a renewal to the
assignee?
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. No; to the
parly himself, and it is so stated in the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
. WILLIAM P. PUKSTONi
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Now I call
for the consideration of House bill No. 284,
whk'h it was agreed should be taken up, and
•which was reported by the Senator fpom Indi-
ana from the Committee on Privileges and
Elections.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
284] for the relief of William P. Preston was
considered as in Committee of tlie Whole. It
provides for the paym< nt to William P. Pres-
ton of $1,437 93, for his expenses in contesting
the seat of J. M. Harris, of Maryland, in the
Thirty-Sixth Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a thiid reading, and iead the third lime.
• Mr. PO.VlEIiOY. Before the bill passes I
■wish to inquire why the money was not paid
out of the contingent fund of the House of
Iiepresentatives?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I do not
know the reason why; but the bill was reported
unanimously by the Committee on Elections,
and there can be no objection to it.
Mr. SHKliMAN. They cannot pay an old
claim out of the contingent fund of the House.
The bill was passed.
ADDITIONAL RBPOUTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of James
A. Waymire, asking for two months' arrears
of pay as a second lieutenant, instruct me to
report a bill for his payment, and if the Sen-
ate do not pass it now, I fear they never will
pass it.
Mr. MORTON. I have declined to yield in
several other cases, and I must insist on pro-
ceeding with the bill which has been called up
on my suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana obtained cousentfor the consideration
of a bill relative to bridges on the Ohio river.
Mr. MORTON. Perhaps there will be time
to-morrow morning for the bill of the Senator
from Wisconsin.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin withdraw his report, or
will he have the bill go on the Calendar?
Mr. HOWE. I do not think I shall get a
chance to make the report to-morrow morn-
ing, and I rather guess I will let it go now.
The bill (S. No. 841) for the relief of James
A. Waymire, late second lieutenant company
M, first cavalry, United Stales Army, was read,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. BLAIR, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
369) lor the relief of certain citizens of Glas-
gow, Missouri, and for other purposes, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. POMEROY. I am charged by the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads to
report a bill for the relief of a citizen of North
Carolina, and I am requested to ask for its
present consideration ; but I will withhold the
report, because I think it would not be proper
to ask for its consideration this morning while
the bill of the Senator from Indiana is pend-
ing.
Mr. CALDWELL, from the Committee on
Indian Affaiis, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. ooO) to confirm sales of Shawnee
Indian land in Kansas, under the direction
and with the approval of the Secretary of the
Interior, reported it without amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. EAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 842) to authorize the construction of
abridge across the Mississippi river, at or near
the city of Red Wing, iu the State of Minne-
sota, and to establish it as a post road; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 843) further to provide for the punish-
ment of offenses committed in the district of
Alaska ; which was read twice by its tille,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HITCHCOCK, asked, and by unani-
mous consent ootamed, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 844) granting the right ol' way
through the public lands to the Cheyenne,
Iron Mountain, and Pacific Raili oad and Tele-
graph Company ; which was read twice by its
title, relt-rred to the Committee on the Pacilic
Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
ilr. LOGAN asked', and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. Mo.
845) to authorize the construction of a wagon
and railroad bridge across the Mississippi river,
at Quiiicy, Illinois, and to establish ihe same
as a post road ; which was iead twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BLAIR asked, and by unanimous con-
sent.obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
84t>) to provide lor holding a circuit court of
the United States in and for the western dis
trict of Missouri; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 847) granting a pension to Adrian S.
Lee; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
OHIO lilVKR BRIDGES.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT._ The Senator
from Indiana obtained unanimous consent
during the pendency of th« morning business
for the consideration of Senate bill No. 539.
The morning business having now concluded,
that bill comcs up regularly in order.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 539)
authorizingtheconstruction of a railroad bridge
across the Ohio river at or near Evansville,
in the State of Indiana.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with an amendment, to strike out all of
the first section alter the word ''provided,"
in the thirteenth line, in the following words:
That said bridge shall be built with an unbroken
or continuous span of not less than four hundred
feet in the clear from pier to pier over the mam
channel of said river, and shall be constructed in
all respects in aecoidance with the conditions and
limitations of an act entitled "An act to establish
ceitani post roads," approved July It, 1862.
And to insert the following:
That every bridge hereafter erected across the
Ohio river below the mouth ol the Big Sandy shall
have at least one span of a height of not less than
one hundred leet above low water, and of not less
tban forty feet above highest water, measured to the
lowest part of the span; that this high span shall
give a clear opening of at least four hundred feet
between the piers, measured at right angles to the
current at every stase, and that it shall be placed
over that portion ol the river used by boats during
ordinary stages of water: Provided further, Tnat in
case this high span is not over the low-water chan-
nel, suitable arrangements bo made elsewhere to
permit the passage of single boats under the bridge
at low water; that all bridges over the Ohio river
below the Covington and Cincinnati suspension
bridge shall have, in addition to the h'gh span pre-
scribed above, a pivot-draw, giving two clear open-
ingsot one hundred and sixty feet each, measured
at right angles to the current at the average stage
ol water in the river, and located in a part of the
Tjndg© that can be safely and conveniently reached
at that stage; and that said draw shall be opened
promptly, upon reasonable signal, for the passage
of boats whose construction shall not be such as to
admit of their passage under the permanent spans
of said bridge, except when trains are passing over
the same. ...
Sec. 2. That the piers of the high span and the
piers of the draw shall ."be built parallel with the
current at that stage of the river which is most im-
portant for navigation ; and that no rip-raps or other
outside protection for imperfect foundations w ill be
permitted in the channel-way of the high span or
of the draw openings.
Sec. 3. That any person, company, of corporation
authorized to construct a bridge across the Ohio
river by the States upon whose territory said bridge
will abut shall submit to the Secretary of War lor
his examination a design of the bridge and piers,
and a map of the location, giving, for the space of at
least one mile above and one mile below the pro-
posed location, the togography of the banks of the
river, the shore-lines at high and low water, the
direction of the current at ail stages, and the sound-
ings accurately showing the bed of the stream, and
shall turnish such other inlorination as may be re-
quired lor a full and satisfactory understanding of
the subject by the Secretary ol War; and if the riec-
l-etary ol War is satisfied that the provisions of the
law have been complied with in regard to loc tion,
the building of the piers may be at once com-
menced; but if it shall appear that the conditions
prescribed by this act cannot be complied with attne
location where it is desired to construct the bridge
the Secretary of War shall detail a board, compot-ed
of three experienced officers of the corps of engin-
eers. to examine the case, and may, on their recom-
mendation, authorize such modifications in the
requirements of this act a.< will pe'rmit the con-
struction of the bridge: Provided, That the free
navigation of the river be not mateualiy injured
thereby.
Sec. 4. That all parties owning or operating
bridges over the Ohio river shall maintain, at their
own expense, from sunset to sunrise throughout
the year, such tights on their bridges as may oe re-
quired by the Light-House Board lor the. security of
navigation. *
Sec.5. Thatany bridge constructed under thisact,
and according to its limitations, shall be a lawful
structure, and shall be recognized and known as a
post route, upon which, also,no higher charge shall
be made lor the transmission over the same of the
mails, the troops, and the munitions of war of the
United States, than the rate per mile paid for the
transportaton overthe railroads or public highways
leading to said bridge; and in ease of any litigation
a,rising from any obstruction or alleged obstruction
to the navigation of said river created by the con-
struction of any bridge under this act, the cause or
question arising may be tried before the district
court ot the United States of any State in which any
portion of said obstruction or bridge touches; and
that ail railway companies, or any of them, deMring
to use thesaid bridges, shall have and be entitled to
equal rights and privileges in the passage of the
same, and in the use of themachinery and fixtures
thereof,and of all the approaches thereto, underand
upon such terms and conditions as shall be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of War, upon hearing the
allegations and proofs of the parties, in case they
shall not agree.
Sec. 6. That the right to alter or amend this act
so as to prevent or remove all material obstructions
to the navigation of said river by the construction
of bridges is hereby expressly reserved; and that
any bridge or bridges constructed under this act
shall be built under and subject to such regulations
for the security of the navigation of said river as the
Secretary of War shall prescribe; and the said
bridges shall bo, at all times «so kept and managed
as to offer reasonable and proper means for the pas-
sage ot vessels through and under them; and tho
said bridges shall be changed, at the cost and ex-
pense of the owners thereof, from time to time, as
Congress may direct, so as to preserve the free and
convenient navigation of said river; and theauthor-
lty to erect and continue said bridges shall be sub-
ject to revocation by law whenever the public good
shall, m the judgment of Congress, so require.
SEC. 7. That joint resolution No. 10, approved
April 8,1869, authorizing the construction of a bridge
over the Ohio river at Paducah, be, and the same
hereby is, repealed.
Mr. MORTON. I move to strike out from
the amendment proposed by the committee
iu lines twenty two and twenty-three, on the
second page, the following words: '"of not
less than one hundred feet above low water."
The amendment reads thus:
Xhat every bridge hereafter erected across the
Ohio river below the mouth of the Big Sandy shall
have at least one span of a height of not less than
one hundred feet above low water, and of not les3
than forty feet above highest water.
The provision that it shall be one hundred
feet above low water is entirely unnecessary
for any good, but it may be productive of evil,
for it may turn out that a bridge one hundred
feet above low water may be seventy-live feet
above high water, agieat deal higher than is
necessary. Ihe important provision in regard
to the height of thu bridge ts its height above
lnga water. The second provision is, "and
