2716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
is present he will advance to the chair of the
Vice President and take the oaths of office.
Mr. THURMA.N. He is not here yet. [Sub-
sequently Mr. Thtjrman said :] Mr. President,
I desire to announce the presence of Mr. Ran-
som, Senator-elect from North Carolina.
Mr. Ransom then advanced to the Vice
President's desk escorted by Mr. Thurman ;
and the oaths prescribed by law having been
administered to him, he took his seat in the
Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I take the liberty of
expressing the satisfaction that I am sure all
will feel, that now, for the first time since 1861,
every seat in this body is full; every State is
represented. I think it is a matter that the
country and the Senate may congratulate
themselves upon.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a memorial of a
committee of the American Association for
the Advancement of Science, in favor of estab-
lishing an observatory and maintaing a scien-
tific corps for one year or more at one of the
highest points of the Pacific railroad, and
particularly at the eastern rim of the Utah
basin; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a resolution af
the Legislature of Ohio opposing a redaction
of the tariff on imported wool; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Ohio relating to the construction of
aship canal around the fallsof Niagara within
the territory of the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, late soldiers in the United States Army,
praying for the equalization of bounties and
the grant of bounty land; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. COLE. I present a petition signed
quite numerously by very influential business
men in California, particularly in San Fran-
cisco, asking for the abolition of the duty on
tallow. I move its reference to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY presented a memorial of
citizens of the United States, remonstrating
against the extension of the A. B. Wilson pat-
ent on sewing machines; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
Owen McCauley, of Washington, District of
Columbia, praying that the sum of $450 be
paid to him, which he claims was withheld
from him as part of his pension ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. V1CKERS presented the petition of
Catharine Middleton, widow of John D. Mid-
dleton, a soldier in the war of 1812 and 1814,
praying to be allowed a pension ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. TIPTON, it was
Ordered, That Mrs. Frances A. Moore havo leave
to withdraw her petition and papers from the files
of the Senate.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES,
Mr. CARPENTER. I submit a report
from the Committee on Privileges and Elec-
tions, which I ask to have printed. It is a
report upon the resolution sent to the Senate
by the House of Representatives in regard to
the respective powers of the two Houses as to
revenue bills; and I move that three thousand
extra copies of the report be printed for the
use of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin, from the Committee on Priv-
ileges and Elections, reports upon the question
in regard to revenue bills between the two
Houses, which was referred to that committee.
The report will be printed and laid on the
table, and the motion to print three thousand
extra copies will be referredto the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. BUCKINGHA.M, from the Committee
on Commerce, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2044) to authorize the appoint-
ment of shipping commissioners by the several
circuit courts of the United States to super-
intend the shipping and discharge of seamen
engaged in merchant ships belonging to the
United States, and for the-further protection
of seamen, reported it with amendments.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of William
J. Way, praying payment for property alleged
to have been seized by the Army of the United
States, have directed me to report adversely
upon it. The committee are not satisfied that
Mr. Way was during the war a loyal citizen of
the United States. It seems that he held the
position of postmaster in Georgia during the
existence of the rebellion ; and furthermore,
the claim is of a character which is cognizable
by the southern claims commission, according
to the testimony.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
will be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the petition.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial
of A. W. Moss, praying compensation for
services as a member of the military custom-
house board at Nashville, Tennessee, in 1863,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 1021) for the relief of A. W. Moss.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1022) relating to the claim, of John B.
Chapman ; which was read twice by its title,
referredto the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1023) granting the right of way through
the public lands for the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph, to the Utah, Idaho, and
Montana Railroad Company; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leaveto introduce a bill (S. No. 1024)
for the relief of Amherst H. Wilder; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate
resumes the consideration of the conference
report of the two Houses on the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill,
which was called up subject to the morning
business, which is now concluded.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. R. No. 1060) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1873, and
for other purposes, having met, after full and free
conference have agreed to recommend, and do rec-
ommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 26, 27. 28, 29. 30, 31, 35, 37, 45, 6], 62, 64, 68,
69, 70, 71, 73, 74, 75, and 78.
. That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Senate
numbered 13,15,18,19, 33, 36, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44,
60, 63, 65, 72, 79,80,85, 86, 87, and 88, and agree to the
same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendmentof theHousetotheeighthamend-
ment of the Senate, and agree to the same with an
amendment, as follows: onpage G.liiie fifteen of the
bill, strike out all after the word "fifty," down to
the end of line sixteen, on the same page, and in-
sert in lieu the following: "#3,422;"and theHouse
agree to the same.
That the Senate recede frem their twelfth amend-
ment, and agree to the two clauses therein con-
tained, with the following amendment: on page 3,
after line eighteen of the bill, add the following
words: "for messenger to the Committee on Appro-
priations, $1,311;" and the House agree to the same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the twenty-iifth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: strike
out all after the word " after," in line two of said
amendment, down to and including the word "Con-
gress," in line three, and insert in lieu the following
words: "the 4tli day of March, 1875; " aud theSen-
ate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the thirty-fourth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to said Senate amendment.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendments of the House to the lilty-fifth,
sixty-sixth, sixty-seventh,seventy-sixth, and eighty
fourth amendments of the Senate, and agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreementto
the seventy-seventh amendmentof the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment;
in lieu of the words proposed to be stricken out
insert the following: "for one clerk of class four,
two clerks of class two, one clerk ol class one, and
two laborers, additional force in the money-order
office, $7,240; " and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighty-third amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
strikeout from the words proposed to be inserted
in said amendment, where it first occurs, the word
"two," and insert in lieu thereof the word 41 four;"
and the Senate agree to the same._
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the ninetieth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment; in lino
four of said amendment strike out the word " fifty"
and insert in lieu thereof the words ** twenty-five;"
and the Senate agree to the same.
That, the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the ninety-second
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with an amendment as follows: substitute in lieu
of the firstclause of said House amendment the fol-
lowing: "that a commission, consisting of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, the chief engineer ot the
Army, and the officcr in charge of public buildings
and grounds, is hereby authorized and directed to
examine and report to Congress prior to the second
Monday of December next apian by which the loco-
motive railroad track in front of the western en-
trance of the Capitol shall be removed, with due
regard to the rights of all parties concerned, and by
which proper connections with other railroads may
be made;" and the House agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the ninety-third amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendroem as fol-
lows: substitute in lieu thereof the following:
"that from and after the 1st day of July, 1872, the
annual salaries of the Second Comptroller, of the
Register, and of the supervising architect of the
Treasury Department shall be $4,000 each; find the
annual salary of the chief justice of the Court of
Claims shall be $5,000, and the annual salary of the
associate judges of the said court shall be $4,500
each; and the annual salary of the chief justice of
the supreme court of the Districtof Columbia shall
be 85.000, and the annual salary of the associate
judges of said court shall be $4,500 each; and a sum
sufficient to carry into effect the provisions ot this
section to the end of the fiscal year ending June 30,
1873, is hereby appropriated;" and the Senate agree
to the same.
C. COLE,
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
FREDERICK A. SAWYER,
Managers on the vart of the Senate.
JAMES A. GARFIELD,
P. CLARKE,
WILLIAM E. NIBLICK,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. COLE. Inquiry was made the other
day as to the disposition of the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses. I am prepared to
give an epitome of the action of the committee
of conference on the votes of the two Houses.
Committees of conference are appointed to
adjust the disagreements that arise between
the two Houses, and they are very often re-
sorted to on bills of this nature, I mean appro-
priation bills. The differences in this instance
have not been very numerous. TheHouse of
Representatives concurred in a very large num-
ber of the amendments proposed by the Sen-
ate. Those, however, upon which they dis-
agreed came before the committee, and 1 may
refer to them seriatim.
The eighth amendment, as they are num-
bered, relates to a cleik for the Speaker of
the House of Representatives, and changes
the whole amount appropriated in that para-
graph by the amount of his salary. The
Speaker desiring a private clerk, it was ac-
corded to him by the conference committee.
The twelfth amendment relates to the mes-
sengers of the House Committees on Appro-
