924k
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
Carolina, the evidence which shows that these
three persons whom I have named, Hampton,
Kershaw, and Butler, are at this moment, or
were a month ago, at the moment the evidence
was taken, if I am to speak exactly as I would
in court, the advisory board of the Ku Klux
Elan. Exaetly what that is it is possible that
the honorable Senator nearer the scene of
action that I am could inform us; not of course
that he has any special knowledge* about it,
or that any friend of his has any special
knowledge about it, but that it is natural that
from public understanding and private inform-
ation and other ways of getting knowledge
he could tell us better exactly what the
advisory board of the Ku Klux is than I can.
I take the liberty, however, to say that as I
understand it, upon my information, the
advisory board in each State of this Ku Klux
Klan, of these "unoffending citizens," whom
the President of the United States has done
great detriment to by suspending the writ of
habeas corpus in the estimation of the honor-
able Senator from Missouri, are the supreme
governors of that organization, and that what
they declare is to be done is done, what they
declare is to be omitted is omitted. With a
perfectness and a detail of organization which
equals, ifitdoes not exceed, the milirary organ-
izations of the country, these atrocities are car-
ried on, and they are carried on in the same
interest and for the same purpose, and it may
be with a baser motive thin the rebellion
itself was carried on.
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator from Vermont
has spoken of me in this matter. I do not
live in that, neighborhood, but 1 have been in
that neighborhood, and have been present
when testimony has been taken in regard to
a!i 1 his matter, and I would say to the Sen-
ator from Vermont now that I believe firmly
that neither of those gentlemen has had any-
thing to do with any illegal organization ; and I
wouldassoon believe that the Senator from Ver-
mont himself was a member of that vile order
which he describes as to believe that either
of these men was. One of fiiv roasons tor
believing that no men of intelligence belong
to any such order is simply that the outrages
described are committed upon the humble and
inoffensive and those who have had nothing
to do with the atrocious oppressions which
have led the people of the South to this
species of retaliation.
If men of the caliber of those who have
been mentioned were inculpated in this matter
at all, if they had anything to do with this
organization, my judgment is that they would
have Ku Kluxed the scoundrels sent down
there by Congress under the i econstruction laws
to rob and plunder the people ot those States,
as they have done most infamously, and who
are the disgrace of the age and of the country.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Undoubtedly. Mr. Pres-
ident, 1 know that reconstruction, in the eyes
of my honorable friend from Missouri, is a dis-
grace to the age and the country ; but he had
not a word to say in respect ta the disgrace of
the age and the country as it respects these
outrages 
Mr. BLAIR. I prefer to stigmatize those
who have caused them by the oppressive gov-
ernments they have established down there.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly, the honorable
Senator is right. It, is a disgrace and outrage
for Congress to reconstruct that country, in the
mind of the Senator; there is no doubt about
that; we all know that; but. it, is not a disgrace
and an outrage, so far as we have heard from
the honorable Senator, that there should bean
organization participated in and controlled by
somebody whom he has just described as the
people of the so-uthera States—1 use his own
words—whose methods of righting wliathe con- j
-siders to be their wrongs are those of ass.is- |
smationand poison and arson and ail forms i
of muider and crime; and he chooses to stand i
u$> here and eoademn the action of Congress i
in undertaking to set up merely equal rights,
to punish no man, but only to declare that the
poor and the humble and the lowly should be
free and independent, as a justification for this
method of retaliation, as he describes it!
The honorable Senator is welcome to appeal
to an intelligent and virtuous people upon a
standing of that kind. I do not need to oc-
cupy your time, sir, in characterizing it as it
deserves.
Now, let us return. I think I have stated
to the honorable Senator who addressed me
first, [Mr. Norwood,] the ground upon which
I had declared that there was evidence in the
possession of the law officers of the Govern-
ment sufficient to convict, so soon as the ma-
chinery of justice and not of assassination can
be brought to bear upon the three persons I
have named. I do not wish to ask my hon-
orable friend from South Carolina, [Mr. Saw-
yer,] whose motives, as I have said, Iagree, are
as pure as those of anybody can be, whether
he desires to declare by an act of Congress
that, those three men should be eligible to the
offices of judge and juror and Governor in the
State of South Carolina.
Mr. MORTON. I call attention of the Sen-
ator to the fact that one of them has already
had his disabilities removed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Iam coming to that in
a moment; and this shows, as my honorable
friend from Indiana has suggested, and as I
was about to say, the value in a pacific point
of view, for the restoring of peace to that
country, of this restoration of political rights.
Here we are told that the fact is that one of
these men, supposing my information to be
true, has already received the grace of your
amnesty as it is called, has already been
restored in spite of his crimes, if the honor-
able Senator from Missouri will pardon me for
characterizing theiu by that name, to all the
rights of American citizenship.
Mr. BLAIR. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator alludes to me
as if I did not condemn such crimes. He
attempts to pass it off as if I did not consider
these Ku Klux organizations a crime. I
think that does not become him, either here
or anywhere else.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am much obliged to
my honorable friend for the homily he has
read to me on what is becoming in me ; only I
ihiiik the Senators present will bear me wit-
ness that the honorable Senator did not hap-
pen to say anything of that kind, hut he took
great pains, having the subject in his mind, to
condemn the representatives of the people of
his own State and of ail the other States in
undertaking to produce peace and order there
by what he calls unconstitutional and dishon-
est legislation carried out by dishonest men,
as he says, and he omitted—not with a pur-
pose, of course, because the honorable Sen-
ator could not have done that—finding all his
power concentrated upon condemning what
we had done to restore peace there, omitted
to say a single word in condemnation of
what had taken place there since. Thereiore
my honorable friend will pardon me if I was
led into the indiscretion of saying that he did
not seem to have a large disapprobation of
what was going on, because I 'could not im-
agine that a. Senator so capable as he should
have forgotten anything when he stopped bis
description of what was wrong down there
just in the middle, condemning -the acts of
Congress which only stood upon the ground
of lioerty and private rights in the most posi-
tive terms, and stopping just there without a
word of condemnation for these atrocities.
Mr. BLAIii. Will the Senator allow me?
Mr. LD U UND ■>. With pleasure.
Jlr. BLAUl. I might assume as well that
the Senator from Vermont approved of the
robbery and the thieving of the carpet-bag
governments of those States, for I have never
heard him allude to it. Although his mind
has been frequently brought to it, yet be has
always avoided alluding in any way to the in-
famous thieving of the carpet-bag govern meats
that he helped to establish in the South. I
might just as well charge the Senator with
approving that which he helped to create and
which he does not now censure.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am much obliged to
my friend for the suggestion. 1 have not con-
demned what my friend calls the thieving of
the carpet-bag governments. I will be a little
more frank than he is; I will say that I do
not believe it. If my honorable friend will
say, as he said about six months ago, that he
does not believe that these atrocities and this
Ku Klux organization exist in the South, then
we shall stand on a par. I deny that the carpet-
bag governments in the South, as the honorable
Senator calls them, are thieving governments in
the sense that he uses the term. ( have no doubt
that in the South, as in the North, as in
Missouri, as in New York, there are many
men to be found—from what parties they come,
I cannot say; probably from all, because I do
not wish to speak of this in a party point of
view—who do not administer rightly the duties
and functions that are intrusted to then:, and
I beg to assure the honorable Senator that so
soon as it is disclosed anywhere, and in any
condition of things which I can reach with
him, that any government in the South or any-
where else is not faithful to its trusts in the
highest degree, I will go to the verge of con -
stitutional power with him to put it down.
Let him understand that.
Mr. BLAIR. I am very glad to hear that.
1 am rejoiced at it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should be still more glad
in the interests of mere peace and equal rights,
not in the interest of parties, not in the i«ter-
est of politics, but only ia the interest of that
broad humanity which makes every man who
bears the image of God in his person, have a
right to life and liberty, if the Senator could
go with me to protect rights of that kind. But.
on the contrary, wherever we attempt not to
punish any one, as I have said, but to protect
the traitor and the black roan together in
the enjoyment of private rights, he is always
against us. «
Mr. BLAIR. I tell the Senator that I went
to protect the liberty of the people where my
efforts told.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So my honorable friend
did, but he gotthroagha little too soon. I think
he ought to have stuck until the war was over.
Mr. BLAIR. I was at work about the time
you should have done something. You u-ere
doing nothing then.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My honorable friend
thinks I did nothing then. Perhaps, he is
not altogether advised on that point. There
are different methods of doing a thing, iny
friend may perhaps know. I will assume that
he does, and that it is not always the man who
wears an epaulette upon his shoulder and
carries a sword at his side who is either the
best citizen or the best soldier. I know that
between us that comparison would not hold
good; but I only lay it down to him as a
rather broad proposition, to which perhaps he
will assent, that this country was not, jdtog1 ther
saved by the brigadier generals There are a
good many people who perhaps did something
toward upholding this Government though
they did not stand in a Sibley tent and dunk
wine and sign orders [Laughter.] 1 make
no allusion to mv friend about that; J only
speak of the general discrimination between
civil service and military service.
Now, Mr. President, inasmuch as it is not
exactly myself who is on trial, if my friend
will pardon me, but this question of umnestv.
perhaps we had better return to it Honor-
able Senators have said that it is a lit thing not
only not to punish this people, as we have not
