1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
92d
done, but it is a fit thing now, as a measure of
peace and conciliation, to extend amnesty not
only to tlie general masses of the community
in those States where these organizations and
atrocities exist, which are based as I have said
upon hostility to the Government, (for the same
rebellion that existed before exists still in
those respects,) but that they are to be elevated
to the right to govern what honorable Sen-
ators have described as a poor, ignorant, and
weak race. If without the power to govern
they carry on the sort of rule that they carry
on now by the midnight torch and the disguise,
by the poison and by the gun, what are you to
expect when you look at it more broadly and
say to them, "You shall be Governors, you
shall be legislators, you shall be judges and
jurymen, into whose hands the Congress of
the United States, representing under the Con-
stitution as it is now, a universal equality
of citizenship and of private rights, shall
be delivered entirely into your hands? We
give up to you, traitors in the first place,
organized assassins now, the life, and the
liberty, and the honor of this people." That
is the question. I am not one of those by any
means who cherish hatred; quite the reverse.
Wherever you can say to me that in a State
or a district or in respect to an individual
there is peace, I do not ask even change of
opinion; I do not ask even silence in the
expression of opinion; let the rebel say still,
"I glory in my warfare against my country."
Amen! Bitter and humiliating and base as it
is; amen! it is your right; you are a citizen.
But when that man says also that no man
else but him shall speak his mind, no man
shall declare that the Republican principle
is the right one; no man shall declare that
a black man has rights as well as him; that
if he does he will not make war on him where
he can resist, but will assassinate him ; I say
that such men ought not to be restored to
political rights, and that it is, if the Senate
will pardon me, almost base in a nation, with
its eyes open to it, to do such a thing. But
if you will show me a district, as in West
Virginia, for instance, where still the spirit
exists of hostility to the Government, but
where the people are restored to a state of
practical peace as it respects the administra-
tion of justice and the protection of rights,
let us give them amnesty; but do not let us
say to these night bands in South Carolina,
whose leaders are the very men that your bill
is to touch, and who could drop it and call it
off in an instant, whose spirit only gives it
life; what right have we, representing this na-
tion, to say to them, ''You shall be intrusted
with all that is sacred in that, society in the
form of government?"
Why, Mr. President, it seems to me that
when history comes to be written, when fifty
years shall have passed by, and the man who
reads the history of to day shall see that we
pass a bill which says, taking South Carolina
alone as an illustration, that in the State of
South Carolina a restoration of political rights
is given voluntarily under the Constitution by
this Congress to a body of men who have not
given up any of the practices of the rebellion,
but who have only m.ide them more infamous
and horrible, and that we have turned over
that weak and defenseless people, as they are
called, to their tender mercies under the forms
of law to make them the governors and rulers
of such a country, will look with astonishment
and humiliation upon such an act of mis-
placed and delusive generosity.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I move that when the Senate adjourns to-day
it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. NORWOOD. I hope the Senator will
withdraw the motion for a moment.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSKN. The motion
does not iuteifere with the Senator. It is
simply that when the Senate adjourns to-day
it. adjourn to meet on Monday next. It is not
a motion to adjourn.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT.^ Is there objec-
tion to entertaining that motion?
Mr. WILSON. I shall have to object. Let
us get this bill out of the way.
Mr. ROBERTSON. We can decide this
subject and vote upon it and get through with
it. After that I will not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
South Corolina objects, and the question pend-
ing prevents that motion being received except
by unanimous consent. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Sawyer.]
Mr. NORWOOD. Mr. President, I do not
rise to make a speech, but the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] has put me on the_
stand as a witness in reference to theKu Klux*
organization, and I wish simply to give my evi-
dence. I will state to the Senator and the
Senate that so far as my personal knowledge
goes, I am as ignorant of the existence of any
such organization, whether in South Carolina
or Georgia or any other State North or South,
as the Senator himself seems to be. I have
heard that there are such organizations. I do
not know a single humau being, white or black,
that belongs to one. I have heard a great deal
of outrages being committed in some of the
southern States, but the Senator will allow me
to tell him that those outrages are not confined
to white people upon the blacks, but more of
them, in my opinion, are committed, so far as
my State is concerned, by the blacks upon the
whites. Though they are not whippings as
often, they are offenses just as grievous to the
white people and just as hard to be endured.
I will state to the Senator, also, for his
information, as the fact has been alluded to
by the Senator from Missouri, that while
we will not discuss the merits of the recon
struction acts, it is a fact that the Ku Klux
organization and the outrages which the com-
mittee, of which the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania is chairman, have been investigating
originated in the reconstruction acts. When
the blacks were put 111 power, when they felt
that they had the rule over the white man,
when the former slaves became the masters,
with their ignorance, with their want of cul-
ture, with no control over their passions, they
perpetrated crimed upon the defenseless white
people which made it a matter of absolute
necessity that the whites should protect them-
selves against those crimes.
The honorable Senator professes to know
something about the history of the trials in
South Carolina, He will remember the fact
that that testimony was given in those eases,
that witness after witness gave that testimony,
that the whites banded together for the pur-
pose of protecting themselves against the
blacks. Why? Because tiie blacks were per-
petrating crimes which they commenced per-
petrating after they felt their power under
the reconstruction laws. They did not do it
before. There was here and there lawless-
ness on the part of the blacks as there was
on the part of the whites before that, but it
became systematic afiei your reconstruction
acts went into operation.
Now, then, I say in a state of society of that
kind it was the only redress that they had. it
was perfectly futile to resort to the courts.
The Senator has never lived at the South ; and
that is one of the great difficulties with the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts. He
knows nothing practically of the state of society
at the South. It is all theory with him. He
has learned it all from books in his study. If
he were to live there, and were to come in con-
tact with that people as we have to do every
dav, his views on this subject would be entirely
transformed, and he never would press the
amendment which he has pressed upon the
Senate here to day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the honorable
Senator a question ?
Mr. NORWOOD, Certainly.
Mr, EDMUNDS. I should like to ask him,
taking the last three years, how many crimes
of a high grade, take murders and felonies
together, have been committed in his belief
in the State of Georgia, without reference to
parties or colors at all?
Mr. NORWOOD. Numerically?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
Mr. NORWOOD. Of course I cannot esti-
mate that, but I will answer the honorable
Senator in this way : I tell hira in my opinion
they have been vastly multiplied, for it is just
about three years since your reconstruction
acts went into operation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As the honorable Sena-
tor says they have been vastly multiplied, there
must have been a great many, and there have
been a very great many of that high grade, say
a thousand, which is a very small estimate.
Now, let me ask the honorable Senator, who
is familiar with the administration of justice
in that State, how many people, white and
black, have been brought to trial and convicted
of crimes or acquitted there?
Mr. NORWOOD. The exceptions of those
who have not been brought to punishment are
very few.
Mr. EDMUNDS. lam not asking of being
brought to punishment by the Ivu Klux kind
of punishment, as they call it, but punishment
in courts of law.
Mr. NORWOOD. I am speaking of courts
of law; and upon that point I will state to the
honorable Senator that, if he had not, by his
reconstruction measures which he supported,
put upon usa Governor who has ruled us there
with a rod of iron for the last three years, and
who has pardoned nearly every man that was
convict,edio ourcourts, from thieves up to mur-
derers, the law would have been administered
better. I think the record shows that the Gov-
ernor pardoned very nearly four hundred crim-
inals of that class, seventy or eighty of them
the meanest, the vilest, the lowest of the thieves
in the whole State, a number of them murder-
ers, and he in that way fostered the spirit of
which the honorable Senator complains, be-
cause the whites saw that it was utterly useless
to prosecute these parties in the courts. When
they wore prosecuted and convicted, the hon-
orable Senator's Governor would pardon them
at once and turn them loose on our society
again.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. NORWOOD. Certainly.
Mr. MO R1"ON. If I understood the Sen-
ator from Missouri correctly a little while ago,
he said that the outrages inflicted by the Ku
Klux fell upon the helpless, the innocent,, and
the unoffending, and nut upon the thieves,
and for that reason he argued they were not
inflicted hymen of the Wade Hampton stamp.
Mr. BLAIR. Not upon great thieves like
Bullock and Scott and the otiier Governors
and the rest of the big thieves there.
Mr. MORTON. The admission overthrows
the whole argument that has been ottered.
The Senator admits that the Ku Klux punished
the helpless and the unoffending. Therefore
the Ku Klux organization cannot be the result
of what the Senator from Georgia speaks of,
because justice has not been inflicted.
Mr. NORWOOD. I have not said anything
about the helpless. Have I, Mr. President?
,, I ask the honorable Senator from Indiana
; whether I have done so? I am speaking of
the crimes which were committed, and which
were multiplied in consequence of the recon-
struction legislation. I am speaking of a mat-
ter of legislative history. I am not criminat-
inj; any body here. I did not rise for that pur-
pose. but the honorable Senator from "Ver-
mont has forced me upon the stand, and I am
giving my evidence to him in the best way I
can. .
Xow, turning for on© moment to the point
upon which I made the inquiry of the honor-
able Senator, I say that it is extremely unjust,
it is unrighteous, tor an honorable Senator to
