2718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
court judges of the District of Columbia, or
for some other reason, have put in the bill an
elevation of salary for the judges of the
supreme court of the District of Columbia;
and, as an offset to that, they have left out
everything touching the pay of district judges
themselves. The Senator does not respond
to that. The appropriate response for me is
an expression of my gratitude to the commit-
tee for leaving out the salaries of the district
judges. That, I think, was a wise and humane
act on the part of the conference committee.
Whether the conference committee, under
any latitude which has been given to the pow-
ers of such committees, have a right to invent
themselves a provision not contained in any
way in the bill, to make out of the whole cloth
a provision as to which the Houses did not
differ, as to which the Houses did not agree,
as to which the Houses took no action what-
ever, is a question, regardless of this bill, of
some importance, I think; and I must say
that I do not believe the conference committee
had any authority whatever to do that. I do
not believe they had any more right, however
meritorious the provision may be, to import
into the bill a new and original provision
touching a subject not referred to by any pro-
vision of the bill or any amendment of the
bill, than they would have had to put in the
bill a provision touching the Ku Klux law or
any other thing foreign to it; and I think it is
of some importance that either here or pretty
soon we should begin to define the limits of
the powers of conference committees. It is a
blind and objectionable way of legislating at
best, for the reason, among others, that it
brings the House to vote for or against the
whole bill. And now, if, in addition to the
very broad discretion necessarily committed
to a conference committee, it is to be assumed
that they may go at large in their own discre-
tion over the whole field of legislative topics
and introduce any new topic that they please,
I submit to the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont that we are entering upon a dangerous
departure in a field already pretty precarious.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I should like to
know what the measure introduced, to which
the Senator refers, is. I have been out of the
Chamber.
Mr. CONKLING. I am referring to this:
a committee of confarence has reported the
legislative and executive appropriation bill;
that bill left the House and left the Senate
and went to a conference committee contain-
ing no provision touching the salaries of the
supreme court of the District of Columbia; it
did contain provision^ touching the salaries
of other judges. The conference committee
. has eliminated from the bill all provisions
touching the salaries of district judges and
of such judges as either of the two Houses
had included or referred to in the bill, and in
lieu of the provisions thus disregarded and
stricken out, the committee has introduced,
of its owyi accord, provisions raising the pay
of the judges of the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and at the moment when
the Senator put his question I was comment-
ing upon the safety or the danger of confer-
ence committees undertaking not only to deal
with everything in the bill, not only to change,
as conference committees have sometimes
done heretofore, matters upon which the two
Houses had agreed, as well as to compose
disagreements, but going beyond that and
inventing themselves fresh and original pro-
visions touching topics not referred to in
any way by either House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I can call the attention
"of my friend to a much broader operation of
| that kind than the one to which he refers.
The one to which he refers arose on an amend-
ment of the Senate, and it might be argued
possibly that in readjusting that amendment
other things might be included ; I do not say
it could truly. But when we turn to the
forty-second printed page of the bill in the
last print of the House of Representatives we
find that the amendment of the Senate pro-
posed there was to make the expenses of the
cash system, maps, diagrams, &c., of the Gen-
eral Land Office $20,000 instead of $30,000.
The House had allowed $30,000 for a variety
of expenses of that kind, and advertising,
telegraphing, &c. Now the conference com-
mittee has provided that instead of being
$20,000 it shall be $92,000, or something like
that, and that forty clerks of class one, I
believe—no matter what the class is—shall be
appointed in that Department, additional
clerks, having no reference to any part of the
item to which we made the amendment for
reducing the expense of advertising, &c. We
proposed to change the word "thirty" to
" twenty " in the sum to be allowed for these
little expenses, and upon that the committee
put on a clause providing for forty new clerks
in the Land Office.
Mr. SAWYER. If my friend will allow me,
the House in their consideration of this bill
subsequent to its passage by the Senate, I un-
derstand, adopted that amendment of forty
clerks, and it was done by the action of the
House as an amendment to one of our amend-
ments, so that it was not new matter in any
sense.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us see.
Mr. CONKLING. While the Senator is
looking that matter up, I beg to make this ob-
servation : I do not think the Senator from
Vermont cites so strong a case as the other,
even as he puts it, and for the reason that the
matter interposed in the bill was considered in
the Senate. It was adversely considered, to
be sure; the Senate voted it down ; but the
consideration of the subject had taken place,
and thus it entered into the process and pro-
ceeding which resulted in the bill. Now, if
a committee of conference taking up a topic
like that deal with it, I humbly conceive they
have not strayed so far from the ordinary track
of conference committees as they do when they
take up something which has never been con-
sidered at all. It seems to me that that pre-
sents even a broader ease than the one cited by
the Senator from Vermont, even if he be right
in his recollection of the facts; but if the Sen-
ator from South Carolina is right, that the
House adopted that amendment, then certainly
it must be conceded that it was within the ad-
mitted jurisdiction of the conference com-
mittee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It makes it worse, as I
will show you in a minute, if my friend is right
about the facts.
Mr. CONKLING. That maybe for some
reason that does not occur to me. It seems to
me at first sight, the House having insisted
upon this, the Senate having voted it down, it
might be deemed one of the things considered
not only by one House, but by both Houses,
and one of the things upon which the two
Houses disagreed ; whereas the other matter
to which I have called attention is one to which
not the slightest reference was made in either
House, and I repeat that if a. conference com-
mittee is to be indulged in that, then I know
not any limit to the provisions which may be
introduced by a conference committee in a bill,
however proper or simple the bill may be when
committed to them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This con-
ference report may be all put in a nutshell.
The conferees on the part of the Senate were
defirous to carry out the wishes of the Senate.
We had made very large appropriations for
additional salaries to which the House seemed
to be inexorably opposed. The Senate had
provided an increase of the salaries of all the
district judges throughout the whole coun-
try. It was by a mere inadvertence that the
supreme court of this district was not in-
cluded. Everybody will concede that, if these
other judges' salaries should be raised, these
were of paramount importance on account of
the work that they do, for there are not half
of the judges of the district courts of the
United States that begin to do the amount of
work that the supreme court judges of this
District perform.
Now, the subject being that of the increase
of the salaries of judges, and these judges per-
form the same kind of labor, only more of it,
the committee on the part of the Senate thought
it was just and proper, if almost the entire
amendment of the Senate was to be stricken
out, that some little part of it should be saved,
and it was with that view that these were
included.
In relation to the other amendment about
which fault is found by my colleague, I think
it will be ascertained that it is not any increase
of ihe present force, that it is merely provid-
ing for what now exists under a different form.
It is entirely immaterial to me what the Sen-
ate does with it, for the principle upon which
the conferees on the part of the Senate went
was that of general economy, and they have
made the bill, so far as they were able, to con-
form with the judgment of the Senate.
I will only add in a single word that my
impression is that it is not the points here that
are brought before the Senate which are really
aimed at in the attempt to overturn the report
of the committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think my colleague
saying that, ought to state what he means. If
he means that Senators are not in earnest who
have spoken on this subject, he ought-to say
what he thinks they do mean.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There are a
great many other things embraced in the re-
port, and I did not mean anything more than
to say that I thought there were some other
portions of the report to which gentlemen
were hostile rather than the points selected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. All I wish to say as to
this forty clerks business is this: I find it to
be as the Senator from South Carolina stated
it in substance, that we had proposed to reduce
the $30,000 appropriated for cash s\siem,
maps, diagrams &c., to $20,000, making the
total appropriated for the General Land Office
$244,560, and sent the bill back with that
amendment, changing the word "thirty" to
"twenty." The House of Representatives say,
that being our sixty-sixth amendment, that
they wish to amend that by inserting, after the
word " dollars," in the clause to which 1 have
just referred, in line ten hundred and thirty,
not after the words "twenty thousand," but
in the text—•
To bring up arrearages of work in the Land
Office by the employment of forty clerks of class
one, for one year only, $48,000.
There was a provision which was not con-
tained in the House bill when it was sent to
us originally. It was proposed here as an
amendment; but the House of Representa-
tives had nothing to do with that. It could
not affect their action either way that a motion
had been made here to put in a provision
similar to that, and that the Senate had decided
not to do it. Instead of that we decided to
reduce the $30,000 to $20,000. It was not
proposed to put it in in that place either ; but
we decided to reduce this miscellaneous ex-
pense by $10,000 with a view to economy—to
have them a little more strict in their expend-
itures. The bill goes back to the House of
Representatives. They turn around and say
we disagree to that "twenty," and propose to
amend by adding in another place, alter the
word "dollars," an entirely new and fresh
proposition in the text of the bill that they
had not submitted to us before, and which had
nothing whatever to do with the amendment
we had proposed, which was the reduction of
a sum of money appropriated to altogether
different purposes entirely. They proposed
to change the text of the bill which they had
sent to us, and which in that respect we had
sent back to them, cxactly as they had passed
it, by sending us a fresh proposition.
I undertake to maintain, without the fear of
