1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2719
contradiction, that that was a thing which the
House of Representatives had no right what-
ever to do. And as that body is standing
latterly, I understand, somewhat largely upon
its privileges—I believe I do not violate any
parliamentary law in going thus far—it would
perhaps not be amiss for the Senate, if it has
any privileges left, to stand up for them a
little. Therefore the House of Representatives
having sent an amendment of that kind to us
went entirely beyond their jurisdiction. I do
not say—because I intend always in these dis-
cussions to be perfectly candid—but that our
having agreed to the conference which they
asked upon the whole bill, and without indi-
cating what they had done at all (and we ought
never to agree to another conference in that
way) may be a waiver of our right to refuse to
entertain that subject at all. Possibly so ; but
I wish to call the attention of the Senate to
this to show that legislation ought not to be
allowed to go on in this way.
The House of Representatives send us a bill
which, in a certain respect, we pass just as
they have sent it. We wish to amend it in
some other respect. They take up that other
respect which has nothing to do with the sub-
ject they wish to add, and send us back a bill
which, on a point like this or any other point
they might choose on the same principle to
put in, is a total departure from the provisions
that the original bill contains. It is contrary
to the parliamentary principle; it is contrary
to all wholesome legislation. So much for that.
Mr. COLE. On that point, if my friend will
allow me, I wish to say, not in vindication of
the House, but in explanation of this matter,
that the amendment they made is really con-
nected with ours, and the reduction of the
amount from $30,000 to $20,000 related to
the same subject. So that I think the objec-
tion on that point is a little fine and rather
technical. I think the amendment here relates
directly to the subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will do
himself the trouble to read the paragraph, he
will find that he is altogether mistaken. It
has not from beginning to end the slightest
reference to the force in that department, or
to the appointment or employment of any-
body. The provision for the Land Office
clerks is in an entirely different part of the
bill and is not in that paragraph at all. We
agreed to that just as the House of Represent-
atives had passed it. Now, when we under-
take to reduce the little miscellaneous ex-
penses for maps, if you please, or furniture in
the office from thirty to twenty thousand dol-
lars, they make that the occasion of import-
ing a fresh provision increasing the force.
They might create, upon the same principle,
an entirely new department if we undertook
to diminish the contingent expenses in some
office. It is totally indefensible, I take leave
to say again, upon every principle of parlia-
mentary propriety and upon every principle
which governs the privileges of the two
Houses, as I understand it.
There are one or two other things in this
report which are somewhat extraordinary, it
must be said. Here is one to which t wish to
call the attention of the Senate. It is a small
matter, to be sure; it does not take a great
deal of money out of the Treasury; but for the
first time I believe in the history of this Gov-
ernment the House of Representatives have
put into this bill and sent over to us a provision
for the appointment of a messenger to the
Committee on Appropriations, and the pay-
ment of $1,314 to him, and a messenger to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and to pay
htm $1,314, taking out of the organization of
the House the regular appointment of messen-
gers, and setting up for these two particular
committees over there, just like the clerk of a
committee, a special man who shall be ap-
pointed by that committee, who shall not be
responsible to the Sergeant-at-Arms of the
House, but shall be the executive officer, so to
speak, the sheriff, or whatever you may call
him, of the particular committee; athingnever
heard of or proposed before that I know of.
The Committee on Appropriations of the
Senate rejected the two items, and I think I
am not saying too much when I say without
any difference of opinion about it, as a thing
totally unwarranted, although it did relate to
the method of the House carrying on its own
business. But as it changed the law entirely,
and ujjset the organization of their methods
of carrying on affairs, we felt entirely justified
in striking it out; and afterward it was struck
out in the Senate without any opposition or
question from anybody, and sent back to the
House, and they insist. Now the conference
comes. What does the conference committee
do? It does the simple little thing of having
the Senate recede from its disagreement to
these two provisions of the House bill, and
agree to the same with another provision, over
in the Senate part of the bill, that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the Senate shall
have exactly such a fellow for them. So that
the gain for the public interest that the Senate
has made in rejecting this innovation, injurious
to the public interest and disturbing in every
way, has been that another man is saddled
upon us of that kind !
Mr. HO WE. Allow me to ask the Senator
a question?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. Is he not willing that the
House may ride, if the Senate may ride, too ?
[Laughter. ]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not willing that
the House of Representatives shall ride the
public, even if we can have the same privilege.
I am opposed to either House having this priv-
ilege, and I beg leave to say for one, as one
member of the Committee on Appropriations,
that the necessity of a messenger specially
appropriated to us is entirely a delusion. We,
like every other committee of this body, when
we meet, or when we need anything to be
done that a messenger is to do, have a whole
corps of messengers here, under the direction
of the Sergeant-at-Arms, at our command.
We may have half a dozen, if we need them,
on a given occasion; we always have one
on the proper occasion when we need him.
Therefore, there is no more ground for setting
up a special messenger to' be appointed by
the Committee on Appropriations m this body,
than there is for the Committee cn the Judi-
ciary, the Committee on Rules, or any other
of the twenty or thirty or forty committees we
have. And you create feeling among the em-
ployes of a body like this, if they find that one
man has an aristocratic position of that kind,
that he can stand around all the day except
just when we are sitting, that the Sergeant-at-
Arms cannot ask him to wait on anything or
anybody else; he is not subject to his orders
in any way. It produces a just feeling of
inequality and unfairness among those that
we employ, and it is a tax upon the Treasury
without the slightest necessity. If the whole
body of messengers of the Senate are not suf-
ficient to transact the public business, then let
us according to the ordinary way provide for
another one who may be subject to the orders
of the Sergeant-at-Arms, and let him be made
to earn the money that we pay.
But, as I said, of course in dollars and cents
for this particular moment it is but a small
matter to spend a great deal of time about;
but it is a thing which involves a principle to
which I confess I am entirely unwilling to
assent.
Then, Mr. President, here is another pro-
vision which is a little odd which relates to
the House of Representatives. I do not re-
member precisely where it is in the bill, but I
can explain it. The House passed a clause
providing lor a clerk to the Speaker at $5 76
a day, as I have the print of it. As I haveihe
print of the bill made by the House of Rep-
resentatives after we passed it with amend-
ments, it appears that we made no question
upon that and let it go to the House, but at the
end of the clause after the words " Sergeant-
at-Arms, $4,320," our eighth amendment was :
Provided, That hereafter he [the Sereeant-&t-
Arms] shall receive directly or indirectly no fees or
other compensation or emolument whatever for
performing the duties of the office, or iu connection
therewith, otherwise than as aforesaid.
The committee of conference hanging on to
that amendment as the jurisdiction for it, tak-
ing its limitation of the power of the Sergeant-
at-Arms as jurisdiction, provide for changing
the language in the text of the House bill—
" clerk to Speaker at $5 76 per day"—so that
it will read, " Clerk at the Speaker's table, at
$5 76perday; private secretaryto the Speaker,
$2,102 per annum."
So that the gain we have made in that part
of the bill by putting a limitation on the fees
of the Sergeant-at-Arms has been that the text
of the bill in another place is amended by add-
ing to the force of the House of Representa-
tives a private secretary for the Speaker, which
the bill does not appear to have contained
before. That was entirely outside of the juris-
diction of the conference committee, clearly.
Of course it is a small matter. If the House
of Representatives wished to give the Speaker
a private secretary they probably had only to
say so in a regular bill; but that would not
authorize the committee of conference to ba
sticking in a private secretary for everybody
that wanted one, whether it was necessary or
not, unless it was a subject committed to their
consideration ; and the excuse for it, as I see
from the print, unless there be a mistake,
which I have not discovered, is that we under-
took to provide the usual limitation upon the
fees of the Sergeant-at-Arms. That was tho
jurisdiction for the conference committee pro-
viding a private secretary for the Speaker.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
a moment? In the deficiency bill the private
secretary of the Speaker is provided for by
law. That was the reason he was put in thia
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is no reason at all
on the subject I am talking about. I am not
discussing the question whether the Speaker
of the House of Representatives ought to have
a private secretary or not. I am discussing
the right- of a conference committee to import
into the text of a bill (where no provision or
alteration is made and which, we passed just
as the House passed it for a clerk to the
Speaker of the House of Representatives) a
fresh and additional provision that he shall
have a private secretary too.
Mr. SAWYER. My impresston is that the
House put that in when they acted on our
amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose they did. I am
taking the print as they printed it. If they
did they stand on the same category as to the
forty clerks. They have undertaken to amend
the bill in respect in which we did not touch it
at all; we had agreed to it; and that being
agreed to, neither House had the slightest
right to alter it any more than they had after
it was sent to the President of the United
States—much less, indeed. I hope the Sen-
ator does not understand me as making war
upon my good friend, Speaker Blaixe, having
a private secretary if he wants one. That is
a question which I leave to the judgment of
the House of Representatives. I am on the
propriety and regularity of doing business in
this way. And the fact that there is a pro-
vision in the deficiency bill, which has not yet
passed, that may give the Speaker a private
secretary, it seems to me is rather a remote
argument tor upholding a proposition of this
kind.
Now, I will go over to the subject of salaries.
We had provided upon principles of equality
and justice, and in every case I believe by a
very large vote of the Senate, for increasing
the salaries of perhaps two dozen of the lead-
ing bureau officers, including the Assistant
