1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 104, nays 107, not voting
26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Averill, Barnum,
Bell, Beveridge, Bigby, Braxton, George M. Brooks,
Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Carroll, Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Conner, Cotton, Coghlan, Crebs, Criteher,
Dickey, Donnan.Dox, DuBose, Duell, Duke, Barnes,
Edwards, Eldridge, Ely, Far well, PinkeJ nbu rg, Wil-
der D. Foster, Getz, Griffith, Hombleton, Hancock,
Hanks, Havens, Hays, Gerry W. Hazleton, Here-
ford, Hibbard, Hoar, IIo) man, Houghton, Kellogg,
King, Kinsella, Lamport, Lansing, Leach, Lewis,
Lowe, Manson, Marshall, Maynard, McCormick,
McCrary.McGrew, McNeely, Merrick, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Monroe, Morgan, Leonard Myers, Negley,
Orr, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker. Peek. Pendleton,
Aaron F. Perry, Porter, Randall, John M. Rice.Rit-
chie, William R. Roberts, Robinson, Rogers, Rusk,
Sessions, Slocum, John A. Smith, Snapp, Thomas J.
Speer, Starkweather, Stevens, Sutherland, Swann,
Dwight Townsend, Washington Townsend, Turner,
Tuthill, Twichell, Van Trump, Vaughan, Waddell,
Walden, Walls, Warren, Williams of New York,
Jeremiah M.Wilson, and Young—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer, Arthur,
Banks, Barber, Beatty, Beck, Bingham, Austin
Blair, Bright, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Benja-
min F. Butler, Campbell, Comingo, Conger, Cox,
Crossland, Davis, Dunnell, Farnsworth, Forker,
Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Frye, Garfield,
Garrett, Haldeman, Hale, Halsey, Handley, Harmer,
Harper, George E. Harris, John T. Harris, Hay,
John W. Hazleton. Hill, Hooper, Kelley, Kerr,
Ketcham, Killinger, Lamison, Lynch, McHenry,
McJunkin, McKee. McKinney, Mercur, Merriam,
Moore. Morphis, Niblack, Packard, Packer, Isaac
C. Parker, Perce, Eli Perry, Peters, Piatt, Poland,
Potter, Price, Prindle, Rainey, Read, Edward Y.
Rice, Ellis H. Roberts, Sawyer, Seeley, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Sherwood, Shober, Shoemaker, Slater,
Sloss, II. Boardman Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Snyder, R. Milton Speer, Stevenson, Storm, Stough-
ton, St. John, Sypher, Taffe, Terry, Thomas, Tyner,
Upson, Wakeman, Waldron, Wallace, Washburn,
Wells, Wheeler. Whiteley, Whitthorne, Willard,
Williams of Indiana, JohnT. Wilson, Winchester,
and Wood—107.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barry, Beck, Bird, James
G. Blair, James Brooks, Buckley, Creely, Darrall,
Dawes, De Large, Elliott, Golladay, Goodrich,
Hawley, Kendall, McClelland, Mclntyre, Mitchell,
Morey, Roosevelt, Scofield, Sheldon, Sprague,
Stowell, Strong, and Voorhees—26.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
Mr. WOOD. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution has been refused a
passage: and I also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On the latter motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 103, Hays 101, not
voting 33 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer, Arthur,
Banks, Barber, Beatty, Biggs, Austin Blair, Bright,
Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F.Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Campbell, Comingo, Conger,
Cox, Crossiand, Darrall. Davis, Dunnell, Forker,
Charles Foster. Erye, Garfield, Garrett, Haldeman,
Hale, Halsey, Handley, Harmer, Harper, George E.
Harris, Hay, John W. Hazleton, Hill, Hooper, Kel-
ley, Kerr, Ketcham, Killinger, Lamison.Lynch,Mc-
Ilenry, McKinney, Mercur, Merriam, Moore, Mor-
phis, Niblack, Packard, Packer, Isaac C. Parker,
Perce. Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Peters, Piatt, Po-
land, Potter, Price, Prindle, Rainey, Read, Edward
Y. Rice, Ellis H. Roberts, Sawyer, Seeley, Shanks,
Sherwood, Shober, Shoemaker, Slater, Sloss, H.
Boardman Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder,
R. Milton Speer, Stevenson, Storm, Stoughton, St.
John, Sypher, Taffe, Terry, Thomas, Tyner, Upson,
Wakeman, Waldron, Wallace, Washburn, Wells,
Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitthorne, Willard, Williams
of Indiana, John T. Wilson, Winchester, and
Wood—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler. Averill, Barnum,
Bell, Beveridge, Bigby, Braxton, George M. Brooks,
Caldwell, Carroll, Clarke, Cobb, Cobum, Conner,
Cotton, Crebs, Criteher, Donnan, Dox, DuBose,
Duell. Duke, Eames. Edwards, Eldridge, El'iott.
Ely, Finkelnburg, Wilder D. foster, Getz, Griffith,
Hambleton, Hancock, Hanks, John T. Harris. Ha-
vens, Hays, Gerry W. Hazleton, Hereford, Hibbard,
Hoar, Holman, Houghton, Kellogg, King, Kinsella,
Lamport, Lansing, Leach, Lewis, Lowe, Manson.
Marshall, Maynard, McClelland, McCormick, Mc-
Crary, McGrew, McNeely, Merrick, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Monroe, Morgan, Leonard Myers, Negley,
Orr, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker. Peek, Pendleton,
Porter, John M. Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts,
Robinson, Rogers, Rusk, Sessions, Shellabarger,
Slocum, John A.Smith. Snapp. Thomas J. Speer,
Starkweather, Stevens,Stowell, Sutherland, Swann,
Dwight Townsend, Washington Townsend, Turner,
TuthiU.Van Trump, Vaughan, Waddell, Walden,
Warren, Williams of New York, Jeremiah M. Wil-
son, and Young—101.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barry, Beoli, Bingham,
Bird, James G. Blair, James Brooks, Buckley,
Coghlan, Creely, Dawes, De Large, Dickey, Farns-
worth, Farwell, Henry D. Foster, Golladny, Good-
rich, Hawley, Kendall, Mclntyre, McJunkin, Mc-
ICee, Mitchell, Morey, Randall, Roosevelt, Scofield,
Sheldon, Sprague, Strong, Twichell, Voorhees, and
Walls—33.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
ADJOURNMENT OYER.
Mr. WOOD. I move that when the House
adjourns to-morrow it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WOOD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CODIFICATION OF POSTAL LAWS.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business being demanded, the morning hour
commences, at one o'clock and fifty minutes
p. m., and the House resumes the considera-
tion of the bill (H. R. No. 1) to revise, con-
solidate, and amend the statutes relating to
the Post Office Department, reported yester-
day from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, the pending question being
upon ordering the bill to be engrossed and
read a third time.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and continued it, without concluding, until
two o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Has the morning
hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has. The Chair will
remind the House that, under the ruling which
the Chair inaugurated last session, he does
not bring any morning hour except that of
Monday to a close. It takes a question more
highly privileged than that in the morning
hour to close it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise for the pur-
pose of moving that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of taking up the
apportionment bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman for that purpose directly, but
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
ley] has a resolution which he desires to offer.
olkp.ks of committees.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask consent of the House
on behalf of the select Committee on the
Reorganization of the Civil Service to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That authority is hereby given for the
employment of clerks by such committees as were
authorized to employ clerks in the last Congress, at
the same compensation then paid, such employment
to expire upon the passage of a law regulating such
appointments: Provided, That the Committees on
Agriculture and Manufactures shall have a clerk
jointly.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask that that resolu-
tion may be again read. I did not quite
understand it.
The Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. KELLEY. I would say to my colleague
that the object and origin of this resolution
are these: a special committee was appointed
to-day upon the civil service, and a resolution
providing for the prepaiation of a bill regu-
lating the clerks of committees and their pay
was referred to that committee. Under that
reference it is felt that the committees have
no right to appoint clerks. As it is to be a
bill, it may meet with delay in either House.
It is essential that the committees should have
their clerks meanwhile. This resolution pro-
poses to authorize the employment of clerks
of committees on precisely the same terms as
during the last Congress, the appointments to
exist only until the passage of such a law. It
also provides that the Committees on Agricul-
ture and Manufactures shall have a clerk
jointly, the same clerk having served both
committees during the last Congress.
Mr. DAWES. I would inquire if the gen-
tleman has looked over the list of clerks of
committees during the last Congress to see
whether we could not cut off some of them?
Mr. KELLEY. I have not.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
that it would be proper to do so.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to know
how often the Committees on Agriculture and
Manufactures meet?
Mr. COX. Do they ever report bills ?
Mr. KELLEY. The Committee on Agri-
culture is, I am told, one of the active com-
mittees. I know that during the last Congress,
under the chairmanship of my colleague, Mr.
Morrell, the Committee on Manufactures was
a tolerably active committee.
Mr. RANDALL. I think it is rather an
ornamental committee,
Mr. KELLEY. The Committees on Agri-
culture and Manufactures had a clerk jointly,
and I have not proposed any change. I simply
propose to let things run as they are until a
bill can be prepared.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I will explain this
matter, with the leave of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] to his colleague,
[Mr. Randall.] The Committee on Manu-
factures and the Committee on Agriculture had
a clerk jointly last year. The two committees
combined had quite enough work for that clerk.
The Committee on Manufactures meets more
frequently than that on Agriculture, but taking
the business of the two committees together, I
am sure that the clerk had quite enough to do.
Mr. RANDALL. I only wish to say that
this is a bad omen, coming from a committee
appointed to consider civil service reform of
the nation. No one will dispute the fact that
we have entirely too many clerkships of com-
mittees, and that very many of them could
with economy to the Government be consolid-
ated, as is proposed in reference to the Com-
mittees on Agriculture and Manufactures, and
yet here at the start, when the breath is
hardly from the Speaker's mouth announcing
who the committee are, they come in and pro-
pose to run in the same old rut of extravagance.
Mr. WOOD. Asa member of that com-
mittee, I desire to say that within my knowl-
edge there has been no meeting of the com-
mittee to consider that question.
Mr. KELLEY. I might accept what my
colleague [Mr. Randall] has said as a cen-
sure upon the committee if we were proposing
a permanent measure. But there are certain
committees of this House that must have clerks.
The Committee on Civil Service has had no
time to investigate the question, because, as
my colleague says, the names of the committee
have but just dropped from the lips of the
Speaker. Finding that the appointment of the
committee has produced embarrassment on
the part of the standing committees of the
House, this committee, or rather its chairman,
submits this temporary measure.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I desire to ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kel-
ley,] the chairman of this committee, whether
I understood him to report this resolution from
the Committee on Civil Service?
Mr. KELLEY. The last words that fell from
my lips were that it was a resolution of the
chairman of the committee.
Mr. RANDALL. That is what the gentle-
man has just said, but it was not what he said
when he offered the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must take the
blame upon himself, for he indicated the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] when
he offered the resolution, as the chairman of
the Committee on the Civil Service, as he often
designates members, in order that they may
not be confounded with other members from
the same States.
Mr. KELLEY. I did not undertake to say
that any committee had authorized me to offer
this resolution; but I will say that the chair-
men of several of the committees of this House
have requested me to do so in order to justify
the committees in selecting clerks. It is neces-
