1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3615
vice," on line two hundred and eighteen, the
last word in the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole:
Until a better arm shall be produced, to be tasted
in like manner; and no royalty shall be paid by the
Government of the United States for the use of the
said patent.
I merely desire to say in a few words that
the fact of the Government preferring an arm
after an examination is a certain .advertise-
ment of that arm, and has paid the patentee
of it a very large sum of money on account
of putting it into the market to other Govern-
ments and outside parties. The protection
tbat is given, in my judgment, is sufficient.
As long as I remain in this body, if I have my
recollection, I shall offer that same amend-
ment; that as to arms produced in this coun-
try, especially small-arms, the Government
shall have the right to manufacture them with-
out royalty paid to the patentee after they are
once adopted, it being taken as an advertise-
ment of the gun.
Mr. WEST. I do not rise to object to the
general object of the Senator's amendment,
but as a question of taste I think he might
omit the reservation in regard to the adoption
subsequently of a better arm. The Govern-
ment always has power over that. The pro -
vision with reference to a royalty I coincide
in. I think he had better strikeout the words
" until a better arm shall be produced."
Mr. LOGAN. 1 have no objection to that.
I merely put them in to avoid doubt. Of
course Congress has the right to change the
arm.
Mr. WEST. Let the amendment then com-
mence " and no royalty shall be paid."
Mr. LOGAN. I will so modify it.
The amendment, as amended, is to add:
And no royalty shall be paid by the Government
of the United States for the use of said patent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely rise to make a
parliamentary inquiry, whether this is legis-
lation or appropriation? I am in favor of the
proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
this does, in the language of the rule, "directly
relate to the appropriations contained in the
bill."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very glad to hear it.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole, as amended, was concurred in.
The VTCE PRESIDENT. The next re-
served amendment is the addition of section
three.
Mr. BLAIR. I desire to have some explan-
ation of the object of that amendment. The
proposal is to sell all surplus clothing of the
Army. We have had so much said about the
sales of supplies by the Department that I
want to know whether that originates with the
Department, whether the Department desires
that authority, or what is the object of the
amendment.
Mr. WEST. The attention of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations was attracted to the
fact that in the language of this bill there is a,
requirement of a certain amount of money for
"preserving clothing." There is an appro-
priation of some seven hundred thousand dol-
lars for the manufacture and preservation of
clothing, and it was understood that $150,000
of that sum was to be used solely for the pur-
pose of preserving clothing. The inquiry nat-
urally suggested itself to the committee how
much clothing did we have to preserve and
■what was the necessity for so preserving it.
We ascertained that there was in the posses-
sion of the War Department some thirteen
million dollars' worth of clothing; that they
sold and realized, by the report of the Quarter-
master General, since June 30,1870, $1,875,000
from clothing. Knowing very well that no
such clothing could be disposed of unless it
had been condemned by a board of Army
officers, we then came to the conclusion that
the deterioration and damage to the clothing
were progressing on a scale that required in-
quiry to see if something could not be done
to stop it. We ascertained that the clothing
on which the amount of $1,875,000 was real-
ized originally cost $11,436,000 ; that is to
say, in the sale of this clothing we realized but
a trifle over fifteen per cent, of the original
cost.
As this is a matter involving a large amount
of money, I hope the Senate will pardon me
if I detain them a few moments with some
results of examinations into the stock of cloth-
ing on hand.
We found that the Government of the Uni-
ted States had a supply of rubber blankets on
hand amounting to one hundred and thirty-
seven years. There are eighty years of India-
rubber ponchos on hand. There are thirty-
nine years of supply of blouses on hand.
There are eighty years of artillery jackets.
If this clothing was depreciating at the rate
these results show, our treasures would be
given up to the moth very quickly. So we
must, do something to refnedy this decay and
damage, and we have placed it in the power of
the Secretary of War to sell at any time, from
now until the end of the fiscal year 1873, such
quantity of clothing as might in his judgment,
for the interest of the service, be disposed of,
not making it obligatory on him to sell, not
so otganiziug the sales as to subject the prop-
erty to the machinations or raids of specu-
lators, and in no case compelling him, unless
he could realize a proper price from the sales,
to sell, but leaving him to try the experiment
whether he cannot float off upon the commer-
cial requirements of the country a sufficient
amount of clothing to prevent its being con-
sumed by damage. The provision, if Sena-
tors will scrutinize it, they will ascertain is
clearly made in the interest of the Govern-
ment, and solely with a view of preventing
this immense loss.
Mr. BLAIR. I have very little confidence
in sales, whenever made, realizing anything
like the original cost of the article sold. I do
not think the policy is a good one to force
these sales on the market. If, as the Senator
says, this is left to the option of the Sec-
retary of War, that will be better than to re-
quire it to he done whether he thought it for
the public good or not; and I therefore move
to strike out the proviso in this section, which
does require it to be done within a certain
time, and leave it as it stands upon the state-
ment of the Senator from Louisiana, that it is
optional with the Secretary of War. I move
to strike out the proviso.
Mr. CAMERON. I should be very glad to
have the proviso read.
The Chief Clerk read the proviso proposed
to be stricken out, as follows:
Provided, That such sales shall be made by the
Secretary of War at any time prior to the 30th of
June, 1873.
Mr. CAMERON. If that is to be stricken
out without any further debate, I shall not
make the motion which I intended to make.
I agree with the Senator from Missouri that
that proviso should be stricken out. I am
against selling any more arms, or any more
ammunition, or any more clothing, until Con-
gress aud the country have been properly
advertised of that purpose. I think this will
lead to scandal, and probably to great wrong.
Mr. WEST. I commend the reading of the
section to the Senator. He has not read it.
Mr. CAMERON. I know what it is, and I
want the proviso stricken out, as moved by
the Senator from Missouri.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri, to strike out the proviso
Mr. WEST. I do not see that it does require
that the sales shall be made, because the pre-
vious part of the section says, "which, in his
judgment, it will be for-the public interest to
dispose of."
Mr. CAMERON. Then accept the amend-
ment striking out the proviso.
Mr. BLAIR. Then the proviso says that
such sales shall be made by the Secretary of
War within a certain time,
Mr. WEST. Our object in putting in the
limitation was simply that that should be the
term during which it should be determined at
what time the clothing he should have oa hand
should be sold, and I suggest this modifica-
tion '' that such sales may be made by the
Secretary."
Mr. BLAIR. There is no use for the pro-
viso, then, because the other portion of the
section says the sales may be made, but this;
says they shall be made within a certain time-
Mr. WEST. But we do not want to compel
him to sell that clothing in two weeks.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to extend the-
time a year or two. Whatever he is author-
ized to sell, he is authorized to sell in only
one year. That might glut the market. I
do not see any objection to extending the time
two or three years.
Mr. WEST. If you do you defeat the whole
object, which was to put down the stock, so
that the moths should not eat the clothing up,
Mr. SHERMAN. But he might sell some
one year, and then sell the second year.
Mr. WEST. Let him report to us at the
end of the year.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is something in the
suggestion made by the Senator from Mis-
souri, that if he only has one year within which
to sell, the amount may be so enormous as to
glut the market and prevent our getting a fair
price.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will state the reason
of that limitation, for it is a limitation. The
Senator from Missouri misunderstands, I
think, the purport of it. It is not a command
that he shall sell, but only that he shall sell
within a certain time whatever the previous
part of the section authorizes him to sell; that
is, that which in his judgment the public
interest requires him to dispose of. Now we
fix a limit of time in order that this shall not
go into the statute as an indefinite authority
which is lost sight of, and which ten years
hence some improper quartermaster may take
advantage of to dispose of the public property
under. Therefore we make this as a limita-
tion of time. When this year is out, then
another Army bill comes before us; we have
all the reports; he has sold whatever he can
advantageously; he tells us how much he has
left, and then we can make further provision.
Mr. BLAIR. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment. I have examined the sec-
tion more carefully.
Mr. CASSERLx. I think two words will
make it perfectly clear, and they certainly
ought to be inserted. I move after the word
" sales, " in line ten, to insert "if made ; " so
as to read '' such sales, if made shall be, " &c.
Mr. WEST. I have no objection to that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was concurred
in.
Mr. SAWYER. The trial of Moffat's gun
was provided for, but I believe on motion of
the Senator from Iowa the name " Moffat's"
was striken out. Is it in order to move a re-
consideration of the motion by which that was
fwi i* ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair
thinks it is in order.
Mr. SAWYER. I move that it be recon-
sidered, and I will say two words to show my
reason. A model of the Moffat gun was pres-
ent in the committee ; it was recommended by
the Secretary of War and by the Secretary of
the Navy, both, as worthy of a trial. The sum
which is put in there is only enough to make
one gun and to make the trial of it. It is
not intended for a general trial of all possible
breech-loading howitzers. It is a small affair
in itself, and, if it be left open to all, it is just
