1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
927
fested their opinion that these disabilities
ought to be removed ; and it is a strange
thing, aa it seems to me, that almost, ihe only
opposition to the removal of disabilities is
found in the Senare of the United States. The
President is for removing them, the House of
Representatives is for removing them, the
members from the South of all political parties
are for removing them, the public press advo-
cates their removal; and the people, so far
as the people have spoken in conventions and
in public meetings, declare that the time has
come when they ought to be removed. It is
only here, in this Chamber, that their removal
is opposed.
But, sir, while I am in favor of their removal,
■while I believe that, public policy requires it,
that it would be a measure tending to produce
peace in the country, and much more than
that, that it would tend to give to some States
(which are now afflicted with the worst govern-
ments almost on the face of the globe) govern-
ments under which it would be tolerable to live,
yet I cannot, even for the purpose of remov-
ing these disabilities, vote for a bill that I
believe to be unconstitutional, as I do believe
this bill to be since the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr, Sumner] has
been fastened upon it. If I vote for amnesty,
1 am compelled to take it in the form it now
stands with the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts. I am compelled to vote
for that which I think we have no right_ to
enact into a law iti order to vote for that which
we have a perfect constitutional right to pass.
That which is unconstitutional in my judg-
ment is tied to that which is constitutional; they
are made inseparable; and 1 am necessarily
driven by the respect that 1 have for the Con-
stitution, and the oath I have taken to sup-
port it, to vote against this bill in its present
stlRp6
Mr. ROBERTSON. Inasmuch as the friends
of equal rights have chosen to risk their amend-
ment on this bill which requires a two-thirds
vote to become a law, I will join hands with
them now in advocating the passage of the bill
as amended, and I hope the friends of equal
rights and amnesty will now vote together and
let us pass the bill.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the passage of the bill, which requires a
two-thirds vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. THURMAN
called for the yeas and nays; and they were
ordered.
Mr. HILL, Before the vote is taken I will
bring to the attention of the Senate the fact
that in the State of Georgia, at the recent sit-
ting of her Legislature, there was a vote taken
on the subject of recommending the passage
of such a bill as the original bill before us,
peihaps referring directly t,o the bill of the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Robert-
sox,] and there was. as I now remember, but
one solitary vote against it, and that was by a
colored member from the county ot Baldwin.
Of the twenty or more colored members of
the Legislature all voted in favor of the recom-
mendatory resolution save one, and that has
been since the meeting ot Congress in Decem-
ber.
But, as has been remarked so well by the
Senator from Ohio, believing as I do that the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts is an infraction of the Constitution and
that I should be sanctioning a breach o! that in-
strument by voting lor this bill as it now stands,
I cannot give it, my support. It is with ex-
treme regret, that I am compelled to vote
against it, fiom these convictions. I do not
advise anybody else to do the same thing. I
leave every Senator to his own conscience to
do whatever that may direct, Mating^ at the
same time that it will be no matter of griev-
ance to me if the bill should pass in its pres-
ent shape, iu the hope thai, it may be amended
somewhere else and eventually assume a more
agreeable shape ; but in its present form I
must decline to give it my support.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President^ the
removal of political disabilities, I believe,
meets with the approbation of four fifths of
the people of Kentucky. It was one of the
planks in the platform of the Republican
party of that State, it was strongly urged by the
distinguished and worthy gentleman who was
the candidate of the Republican party in that
State at the late election. It commends itself,
as far as I know, to the people of the whole
State. But I am sure no man will expect me,
much as I would desire to carry out the will
of my constituents in that regard, to vote for
a bill which I believe is a direct infraction of
the Constitution of the United States, and I
am gratified to know that one of the most
distinguished lawyers of the Republican party
sustains me in my view that one of the sec-
tions of this bill is unauthorized and uncon-
stitutional. I shall therefore vote " nay. "
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I shall vote
for the bill as amended. That bill is now ele-
vated and consecrated. Whoever votes against
it must take the responsibility of voting against
a great measure for the assurance of equal
rights. He must take the responsibility of
setting himself against a final measure for the
establishment of reconstruction.
Senators object t,o the association of equal
rights with amnesty. Sir, they naturally go
together. The Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Sawyer] has made the greatest mistake
of his life, and if he stays in public life many
years it, will be difficult for him to repair the
wrong he has done to a great cause.
Sir, when I speak as 1 do, I know there are
good persons in the South who sympathize
with me, not merely our colored fellow-citi-
zens, but others who are in favor of amnesty.
I have in my hands a letter from a judicial
character of North Carolina, himself always
in the rebellion, according to his own account,
'■ holding oflice during the war from the North
Carolina and the confederate States authori-
ties, as well as at the hands of the volunteers
from April, 1861, until 18G5, and being finally
presiding judge of the third corps of the army
of Northern Virginia, with the rank of colonel
of cavalry." This is Hon. Edward Cant-
well, judge of North Carolina, and the Sena-
tor from North Carolina [Mr. Pool] assures
me that he is an eminentand estimable judge.
What does he say under date of Wilmington,
January 26, 1872?
"I pray you go on and let equality before the law
and general amnesty be coupled together in the
same law, and not separated. It is not alone the
rights of American citizens which' will be conse-
crated by the union, but those lusting interests of the
country which are of somewhat equal importance
namely, peace and a permanent government."
This same estimable character writes me
under date of the 6th of February, in a letter
which 1 received this morning, repeating his
former testimony. He says:
" I beg vou to stand firm in your demand that
there be no amnesty without equality before the
law for all. I nin persuaded that nothing short of
this, and nothing short of coupling them together
in the same act. conjoined and inseparable, will
give to cither that sanction of public approval North
anil South which is necessary to make either effect-
ivo. 1 look upon the conjunction as wide auu
statesmanlike and politic."
Sir, this writer, ouce a rebel, who has en-
joyed the advantages of amnesty, states it as
his solemn conviction that any measure like
that on which we are now to act must be asso-
ciated with equal rights. Is it not reasonable?
Is it not just'? Can any one of us go home
and meet his constituents, having voted to
remove the disabilities of rebels and failed to
remove those much more cruel disabilities
under which more than four millions of our
fellow-citizens have so long suffered ? Sir, the
ease is too plain for argument.
Mr. SAWYER. I must crave the indul-
gence of the Senate for a moment. _ I dislike
at the end of a long debate like this again to
encroach on the patience of the Senate, already
too long tried by the discussion on this bill.
I rise for the purpose of saying that I intend
to vote for the bill as it stands amended.
There has been no moment since its consid-
eration began when I did not intend to vote
for it, if possible, whether the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts was put upon
it or not. It may be that the Senator from
Massachusetts is right in saying that it is the
greatest mistake of my life that I have not
joined with him in a policy the effect of which,
as now clearly manifest, was not so much to
pass a bill to protect the rights of our fellow-
citizens all over this country, as to defeat the
measure which was before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator mean to
suggest that I have been moved by that con-
sideration ?
Mr. SAWYER. I mean to say that the
effect of the operations of the Senator has
been that.
Mr. SUMNER, That is not the point.
Does the Senator mean to charge me with
bringing forward this proposition with any
such view ?
Mr. SAWYER. When I make the charge
it will be time for the Senator to ask the ques-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator, then, should
not insinuate the charge.
Mr. SAWYER. I make no insinuation.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the Senator be frank.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 say the effect of the tac-
tics of the Senator from Massachusetts on this
bill has been to defeat not only the civil rights
bill but the amnesty bill. That is patent here
to-day ; and it is doubtful if the bill, as amended
by him, will receive a majority of the votes of
the Senate.
It is also perfectly patent to the Senate, it is
perfectly patent to the country, that his bill
could have been passed here at any time by a
majority vote as an independent measure, and
that the amnesty bill could be passed by the
requisite constitutional majority as an inde-
pendent measure ; and yet the Senator comes
here and tells me that it is the greatest mistake
of my life that I have not followed in his path
to do this slaughter-house work on both these
measures. Sir, it is too much for mortal men
to bear with equanimity when they have seen
a measure for which they have as much aflec-
tion as for this amnesty measure, or one of
which they desire the passage so ardently as
most of uson the Republican side of the Cham-
ber do—an act to protect the rights of our fel-
low-citizens wherever they may go—1 say it is
too much for human nature to bear patiently
with tactics, the evident effect of which, what-
ever the intention may be, is so disastrous to
both ; and then to be lectured by the Senator
from Massachusetts as we are lectured here
day after day, and charged with bt-ing false
to human rights, when in fact if he had
adopted the course suggested by ordinary
prudence both bills might have become laws
by this time, or certainly by the end of the
present month. 1 say such lecturing is not
warranted by the position even of that distin-
guished Senator. He has no right to come up
here and tell Senators that they have made
mistakes of this kind in view of the fact that
his tactics have defeated both of these bills
for the present and perhaps for the session.
With this explanation, Mr. President, I
leave to the Senator from Massachusetts, who
seems on this occasion rather to be, ambitious
of making himself the central figure in a
great tableau vivant for scenic effect, than to
act as a practical legislator, the satisfaction he
may derive from having defeated both these
measures by insisting upon the fanciful uotion
of linking together two subjects which have
no sort, of natural relation.
Mr, SUMNER. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator says the two subjects have no sort, of
natural relation. There is his mistake. They
have a natural relation which the Senator is
