1824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
is in the Treasury, and you wish to return it for
some reason, you are acling upon a known
sum and making an appropriation for reasons
which you deem sufficient.
Now, an appropriation may be made, of
course, for an improper purpose. I am not
speaking of that, but I am trying to draw the
attention of the Senate to the clear distinction
that exists between a bill which appropriates
a sum of money which has been paid into the
Treasury, and a bill which, in advance, pro-
vides that a State or five States may have the
benefit of free trade for twelve months.
The Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Wrioht,] who
is too good a logician to falter at the legiti-
mate consequences of his argument, was com-
pelled to admit yesterday that it made no
difference that this excepted territory was a
city. The principle would be the same as to
the whole State of Illinois if the facts of the
case were the same, or as to five States of the
Union, and yet he maintained that a law so
exempting five or ten States would not violate
the rule of uniformity which the Constitution
was designed to secure.
Mr. President, there is no other ground upon
which any man can defend this bill The Sen-
ator from Iowa evidently struggled in the hard-
ship of his case; he made the best showing
that can be made for this bill; and yet, when
he was compelled to make this commentary
upon his own argument, compelled to admit
that, it leads irresistibly to the conclusion that
five States or ten Slates might be excepted
Irom the entire operation of your laws fixing
duty for twelve months, it is impossible that
any man of sound mind—by which I mean to
exclude idiots and non compos mentis—it is
impossible that, any man of sound mind should
not see that, such a rule, applying to only five
or ten States, would violate the uniformity
which the Constitution requires. And that, is
all there is of this whole question. You may
hold it up in as many lights as you please,
you may approach it from one hundred differ-
ent stand-points, you must come b«ck at last
and establish that Congress has the power to
exempt ten States of these United States from
paying a dollar 011 imports and let the whole
revenue fall upon the remaining States of the
Union, and thut that does not violate this rule
of uniformity, before you can defend the con-
stitutionality of this bill.
I state the case thus strongly upon the
authoiiiy of the Senator who made the argu-
ment, and every man can see that, there is no
escape from that conclusion. Is there a man
in this Chamber, is there an intelligent man
in the United Slates, who does not know that
that provision was inserted into the Constitu-
tion to prevent that very thing? It is said the
Constitution only means that the same duties
shall be levied in'the different ports of the
United States; that is all. Well, if that is
all, then Congress can provide by a separate
law that goods imported into New York city
shall pay another duty if they are i-nported
from New York into Indiana, into Ohio, into
Wisconsin, because if this section is confined,
as they say it, is, and only prevents discrimina-
• tion as to the ports of the different States,
then of course Congress is not limited after
the property has been leceived at those ports,
but may levy another duty upon all imports
transported to the western States of the Union.
In other words, by the ingenious device of
these lawyers the very object of the Cont-iitu-
tion, the very object which every intelligent
man in the land knows the Constitution was
framed to secuie, is overridden, defeated,
trampled under f.ioi,; and jet the Constitution
is not violated by the law which secures this
end whieh the Const tuiion lorbids.
The Senator from Illinois [Air. Logan] said
he would refer to a great many cases where
this had been done. It is a veiy bad argument
on a constitutional question to say that other
unconstitutional laws have been passed; but
the Senator from Illinois utterly failed to show
that one had been passed at all resembling
this in principle or effect except the Portland
bill, and as my friend from Pennsylvania says,
everybody concedes that that bill was uncon-
stitutional in one of its provisions. All the
other cases which were referred to do not at
all infringe this provision of the Constitution.
Take, for instance, this one : the Senator says
that in our regulations of commerce we have
discriminated between other nations; and he
cited that as an instance showing that Con-
gress may pass this bill. This Constitution
reads that all duties, imposts, and excises
shall be uniform throughout the United States.
It does not require any uniformity in com-
mercial regulations between this Government
and all the nations of the earth, which it should
be in order to make the cases parallel. Any
man in the United States, having commercial
transactions with France, must pay certain
rates of duty, which may be different from the
rates of duty on the same article imported
from England. We may make these discrim-
inations in regard to the commerce of other
nations ; they are uniform, however, through-
out the United States. Why? Because every
man in the United States lias the benefit of
each and every one of those provisions.
Whether living in New York or California, if
an American citizen deals with France he pays
the duties imposed by law on that commerce ;
if with England, the duties imposed oil that
commerce, and so 011. In other words,
although the regulation makes a discrimin-
ation as to different nations, it is uniform
throughout the United States, and applies to
every citizen of the United States alike, and
has the same force and effect 111 every State
of the Union.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is to say, the duty
is the same in every port.
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes; and affects the
citizens and merchants of every State alike;
it is uniform as to all, uniform throughout the
United States.
Then the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
referred to the case of molasses and salt.
Some of our tariff laws have provided that if
molasses should be manufactured into New
England rum it should hav.e a drawback of
duty, and he asks if that was uniform. Uni-
form as to what,? It certainly was uniform as
to territory, uniform throughout the United
States, because I, if I knew how to manufac-
ture my little muggin of rum on Lake Michi-
gan, had my drawback equally with the Yan-
kees in New England. There is 110 monopoly
of rum and molasses in such a bill. It is uni-
form throughout the United States. It does
not violate the Constitution of the United
States, whatever the rum may do to the con-
stitution of the man who drinks it.
So the Senator says bills allowing a draw-
back on salt used for curing cod-fish are not
uniform throughout the United States. Why
not ? The Constitution does not require that
cod-fish shall be uniformly distributed through-
out the United States, nor be found as plenti-
fully in VVisconsin as in Massachusetts, nor
on the prairies as they are 011 the ocean; but
the law does provide that every ounce of salt
used in curing a cod-fish, whether in Oregon,
in Maine, in Massachusetts, in Wisconsin, in
Ohio, shall have that drawback. That is uni-
formity throughout the United States. A law
winch should provide that lumber and other
building materials used in any State to rebuild
an edifice destroye I by fire, would beconstiiu
tional, because it would be uniform through-
out the United States. But a law which pro-
vides this for one State and denies it to
another is not uniform in the two States.
The Senator referred also to laws which we
have passed to encourage the bid ding of rail-
roads,^ where we have allowed railroad iron to
come in duty free, or after duty paid the duty
to be refunded on proof that it has actually
been laid down uponsome railroad. If that be
a general law, it is uuiformity throughout the
United States. There may be a particular
State which has no railroad, but that does not
prevent the operation of the law. The law
has the same effect there as elsewhere. When
they have a railroad it will apply; in other
■words, that they do not have the benefit of it
is not because the law is not in force in that
State, but because there is no subject-matter
for it to apply to.
There was one instance referred to where
this drawback was made in favor of a partic-
ular railroad named in the State of Dela-
ware. I understand the facts about that ease
to be these: there was a dispute as to the
construction of the law in that case, whether
spikes and chairs, for instance, were covered
by the general phrase "railroad iron," and
the Secretary of the Treasury made a decision
upoti it against the railroad company, and
Congress being of the opinion that his decision
was erroneous, made an appropriation to pay
back that amount of money ; 111 other words,
it was to correct a mistake made by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in demanding duties
not demandable by law; so that the money
was illegally in the Treasury—Congress paid
it back.
The Senator from Illinois nearest me, [Mr.
Trumbull,] and who is about to pounce upon
me in about fifteen minutes 011 this question,
tried to trouble a friend of ours in this debate
with the act relating to the zoological garden,
where it was provided that a particular insti-
tution in this District should have the privilege
of importing certain animals, snakes, croco-
diles, &c , without paying duty 011 them. I
do not know precisely upon wbat ground that
bill is to be defended. 1 am not here to say
that that was constitutional. I suppose it was
brought up in the moruing hour, and slid
through here without observation, and there-
fore without censure. 1 presume not five men
knew it had passed, and if they did, there was
no reasonable apprehension that crocodiles,
snakes, and panthers would be imported to
such an extent as to produce any serious prac-
tical hardship ; in other words, there was no
practical consequence in that bill,and perhaps
some man who was busy about something else
thought there was not importance enough in
it to challenge it, even if he did see it pass.
But will the Senator from Illinois, when he
comes to reply to me, draw the precise prac-
tical and statesman like parallel between that
bill for the protection of panthers and croco-
diles and this bill for rebuilding Chicago ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Domestic auuuals, not
wild animals, were authorized to be imported.
Air. CAUPEN I'EK. Does the Senator think
that under that law they were to import ani-
mals that were born in the United States?
[Laughter.] Was that the idea?
Ah\ TRUAIBULL. Adapted to domestic
uses.
Air. CARPENTER. Oh! The Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. Wright,] who led this debate the
other day in reply to me, criticised some re-
murks wh ch felt from me in regard to the
nabobs of Chicago, and said be wanted to put
this bill on a bat is so high that, it would over-
look the distinctions between the rich and the
poor. I concede al) that Senator C.in claim
tor ignoring the distinctions between rich and
poor in our general legislaiion, but here is a
bill which is to grant a certain privilege to
certain men. As my colleague so well said
yesterday I shall not attempt to repeat h,m,
his argument—the men who" are to have the
benefit of this bill are rich man to-day It is
true they lost heavily, but, the men who still
remain 111 Chicago and hold their Imd am! aie
to rebuild these buildings «ie richer men than
the Senator from Illinois and rnyseli put to-
gether. I hey could buy out the em ire estaie of a
dozen, or twenty, or fifty such Senators as we
are; and yet they are ''the poor men,'' the
destitute people I " I noticed 111 a newspaper
the other day that, one of these destitute sufferers
had just bought him a turnout of four horsea
