3616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
as well to strike out the whole appropriation.
1 move, therefore, to reconsider the vote by
which that amendment was agreed to. The
appropriation is only $8,000, and it is to enable
the Secretary to make one gnn and test it.
Mr. WR1G-HT. If this appropriation is
not sufficient,, let it be made large enougli to
accomplish the purpose. I am opposed in
principle to this thing of selecting out a par-
ticular gun and appropriating money to test
that to the exclusion of all other guns. I
think all guns ought to have an equal chance.
If this sum is not sufficient make it sufficient.
.Unless there be some good reason why this
particular gun should be selected from all
others and apply the test to that, then I insist
the amendment should stand as adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to reconsider.
The motion was not agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
withdrawal of i'aphits.
On motion of Mr. BOREMAN. it was
Ordered. That Jane A. Green have leave to with-
draw her petition and papers.
Mr. WEST submitted the following order:
Ordered, That Emily A. Thomas have leave to
withdraw her potition and papers from the flies of
the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What, are those papers?
Mr. WEST'. They are before the Commit-
tee on Claitny.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let. the order lie over
till the matter is inquired into.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order will
lie over.
mrssaok from the itousk
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiionsoJf, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses ou the amendments
to the bill (11. R. No. 132!i) making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic ser-
vice of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 187;S, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House,
in accordance with the request of the Senate,
returned the following bills:
A hill (S. No. 98t>) to settle land titles in
the Slate of Iowa; and
A bill (S. No. 931) authorizing the construc-
tion of a bridge across the Arkansas river at
Little Rock, Arkansas.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills :
A bill (S. No. 105) for the relief of J. Milton
Best,;
A bill (8. No. 554) for the relief of James
F.Joy; and
A bill (S. No. 895) for the relief of Milo
Prat t.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 887) I'or the re-
lief of Samuel Black and Albert li. Cooper;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a resolution for the print-
ing of fifteen thousand copies of Professor
Hayden's annual report of the United States
geological survey of the Territories for 1871;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills ; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President.:
A bill (H. R. No. 534) to provide for hold-
ing the United States district court in the city
of Toledo ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2207) to authorize the
construction of a bridge, and to establish the
Bame as a post road ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2G90) defining and limit-
ing the appropriation of certain moneys for
the preparation, issue, and reissue of the
securities of the United States, and for other
purposes;
A bill (S. No. 667) for the relief of Elijah
J Woolam, of Cross Plains, in the State of
Alabama;
A bill (S. No. 887) to authorize the building
of the New Mexico and Gulf railway, and for
other purposes; and
A bill (S. No. 988) to provide homes for the
Pottawatomie and absentee Shawnee Indians
in the Indian territory.
hayden's geological survey:
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following resolution from the
House of Representatives; which was referred
to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That there be printed and bound
with maps and other illustrations, fifteen thousand
copies of Professor Ilayden's annual report of the
Unied States geological survey of the Territories
for 1871, of which nine thousand copies shall be for
the use of the House of Representatives, three
thousand copies for the use of the Senate, fifteen
hundred copies for the use of the Secretary of the
Interior, and fifteen hundred copies for distribution
by the Smithsonian Institution.
final adjournment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the concurrent resolution passed
by the Senate on the 26th day of January, 1872, pro-
viding for the adjournment of the two Houses of
Congress on the 29th day of May, 1872, be, and the
same is hereby, rescinded.
Resolved, That the Secretary inform the House of
Representatives of the same.
Mr. CASSERLY. I object to the consid-
eration ot that resolution.
Mr. MOltEILL, of Maine. I do not pro-
pose to have it considered now, but let it lie
over until Monday.
The VICJB PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over.
executive session.
Mr, CAMERON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and after one
hour and forty-six minutes spent in executive
session the doors were reopened, and (at five
o'clock and thirty-one minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Sattjkday, May 18, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
DVD.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
collection* district or duluth.
On motion of Mr. AVERILL, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 327) to establish the
collection district of Duluth, and to create St.
Paul, in the collection district of Minnesota, a
port of delivery, was taken from the Speaker's
table, and read a first and second time.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed..
Mr. AVERILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and al*o moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bridges across mobile river.
On motion of Mr. BUCKLEY, by unani-
mous consent, the bill of the Senate (S. No.
819) authorizing the construction of railroad
bridges across the Mobile river, and other
navigable streams tributary to Mobile bay, in
accordance with the acts of the Legislature of
the State of Alabama, and to establish them
as post routes, was taken from the Speaker's
table, and read a first and second time.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. BUCKLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsdier be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
public buildings, toledo.
Mr. PECK. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the supervising architect be in-
structed to examine the public buildings in Toledo,
Ohio, and report to this House what is necessary to
render them suitable for the increased business of
the city.
Mr. FARN S WORTH. I object.
By unanimous consent, the resolution was
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
william blanchard.
Mr. DUELL. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table the bill (S.
No. 674) for the relief of William Blanchard.
The bill was read for information. It directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to William
Blanchard the sum of $219 16, being the
amount paid by said Blanchard to witnesses
by him held at Melbourne, Australia, to be sent
to the United States, to testify in relation to
an alleged murder committed on board the
American ship Herbert.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think we had bet-
ter have the regular order. I doubt the pro-
priety of taking bills from the Speaker's table,
and, without referring them to committees,
passing them when there is not a quorum of
members present.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the bill will resume its place on the Speaker's
table.
Some time subsequently,
Mr. FARNSWORTH withdrew his objec-
tion.
No further objection being made, the bill was
accordingly taken from the Speaker's table,
read three times, and passed.
Mr. DUELL moved to reconsider the vote_>
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
military academy appropriation bill.
Mr. MARSHALL submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
T?'ef "f,the two Iloiises on the amendments to the
bill (H. It. jNo. 1661) making appropriations for the
support ot the Military Academy for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1873, having met, after full and free
conterence have agreed to recommend, and do rec-
ommend to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their first and third
amendments.
Tnat the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the fourth and fifth amend-
ments of the Senate, and agree to the same.
S. S. MARSHALL,
WILLI AAl Tj. S L'OUGHTON,
WILLIAM II. UPSON.
M'lnugers on the part of the House,
"WILLIAM SPRAGUE,
J. R. WEST,
MATT. II. CARPENTER,
Mu.iugers on the purl of the Senate.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will state in brief
that the result of this conference is simply a
reduction of $6,000 from theaggregate amount
oHhe bill as passed by the House.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the report was adopt-
ed ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
■The latter motion was agreed to.
john coulter.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I ask unani-
mous consent to report back from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, for consideration at
this time, House bill No. 2286, for the relief
of John Cbulter.
