2720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24j
Secretaries of the several Executive Depart-
ments, the highest next to the Secretaries, and
whose salaries required to be increased prob-
ably as much as the salary of any person in
the Government—that the Second Comptroller,
the Register, the Auditors, the Commissioner
of Customs, the supervising architect, the As-
sistant Postmasters General, the superintend-
ent of the money-order business, the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, the Com-
missioner of Pensions, the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, the Commissioner of Educa-
tion, and the Commissioner of Agriculture,
and the Solicitor of the Treasury, should have
$4,000 salary. We put them all on the same
footing. The Senate being of that opinion, the
conference committee, in order to compose the
difference with the House of Representatives,
has, it seems, selected only three gentlemen
among all these, none of them Assistant Secre-
taries; but they have taken the Second Comp-
troller, the Register, and the supervising archi-
tect of the Treasury, and have raised their
salaries from $3,500 to $4,000, a mere noth-
ing so far as the increase goes, nothing which
is of any great benefit to them; but they have
picked out these three persons and said that
the proper principle or' compromise on the
question of increasing salaries, which no man
would dispute is proper if this is the time to
increase salaries at all, is to produce harmony
between the two Houses by selecting three
special favorites, giving them the money, and
denying it to all the others. I say that is
wrong, and as I think it is wrong I shall vote
to disagree with this report.
Mr. TRUMBULL I am very glad that
attention has been called to the report of this
committee of conference, and I do hope that
the Senate will pay sufficient attention to it to
see what it is, and to see the abuses that are
likely to grow out of adopting reports of com-
mittees of conference without examination.
The theory of a committee of conference, if
I understand it, is this: they are to consider
questions upon which the two Houses have
disagreed, and they have no jurisdiction of
anything else except upon the question of
disagreement between the two Houses. The
committee is appointed to consider and con-
fer in regard to those questions about which
the Houses disagree, in order, if possible, to
bring about an agreement.
Now, sir, what have we presented to us?
The question is not whether the amendments
proposed by this committee of conference are
right or wrong; but the question is, whether
the committee of conference had any jurisdic-
tion to do what it has done; whether either
the House of Representatives or the Senate
has ever passed upon questions that are, now
submitted to us for the first time and not
capable of amendment. When a committee
of conference present their report, the only
question submitted to the Senate is, will the
Senate agree to the report. No one can move
to amend that report or change it in any
respect, and the Senate is brought to a direct
vote upon agreeing to the report and every-
thing contained in it, or rejecting it. Now I
suppose this report contains, perhaps, fifty
propositions. I have not counted them, but
there were ninety-three amendments, I think,
made by the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois will please suspend. The morning
hour has expired, and the deficiency appro
priation bill is before the Senate, the pending
question being on the motion of the Senator
from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] to lay upon the
table the amendment in regard to the Court
of Claims offered by the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Morrill.] The Chair also de-
sires to state that this day at one o'clock was
set apart for the consideration of the bill
reported by the joint select Committee on
Alleged Outrages in the Southern States.
The antagonism the Senate will take notice
of. The deficiency bill is before the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senate may con-
sent to go on, by unanimous consent, with this
conference report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to passing over the unfinished business
informally until some Senator demands the reg-
ular order, so as to conclude action, if possible,
on the conference report'?
Mr. SCOTT. My only desire is that the
bill alluded to by the Chair should not lose its
place. I have no objection to its being'"passed
over informally, subject to be called up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not yet
before the Senate. The antagonism will come
up when the conference report is disposed of.
Mr. SCOTT. The bill now before the Senate
is one that may consume the rest of the day,
and I only wish that that bill shall not lose its
PlThe VICE PRESIDENT. It has lost its
place now, because the deficiency bill is up in
antagonism to it, being the unfinished business.
But if it is laid over to allow the conference
report to be acted on, when the deficiency bill
is called up the Chair will again state the
antagonism to the Senate, so that they may
lay the deficiency bill on the table and go on
with the Senator's bill, if they desire.
Mr. SCOTT. I shall claim the privilege
during the day of having that bill taken up.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to make a simple
suggestion. I think the conference committee
must be satisfied, on reflection and considera-
tion, to concede that in one particular at least
they have gone beyond the powers of a confer-
ence committee. I was about to suggest to
my honorable friend from California whether
he had not better let the conference report
go over. The conferees not having been dis-
charged, and neither House having acted on
the conference report, they probably may on
further conference avoid the difficulty that has
arisen in regard to some of the items in this
conference report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator suggest a recommitment of the report?
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that it be done
by consent in order to expedite business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois is entitled to the floor on the confer-
ence report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not desire to take
up time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business is informally passed over, and the
Senator from Illinois will continue.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall occupy but a
moment. Perhaps the course suggested by
the Senator from Ohio may be the best one;
but it is a very important matter, I think, that
it should be understood by all conference
committees that they are not to introduce new
matter into a conference report; matter that
the two Houses have not had a chance to
disagree about at all.
I shall not go over the cases that have been
pointed out by the Senator from New York
and the Senator from Vermont, because the
attention of the Senate is already called to
them; but there is one thing to which I think
the attention of the Senate has not been called,
of which the conference committee ought to
have jurisdiction, which I hope they will
change when they come to reconsider this
report; and it is in regard to the salaries of
judges. It will be remembered that the Senate
fixed the salaries of the judges of the Court
of Claims at $5,000, and also the judges of
the district courts at $5,000. The committee
of conference have changed the salaries of
the judges of the Court of Claims in this way :
they have put the salary of the chief justice
of the Court of Claims at $5,000, and struck
down the salaries of the other judges of the
Court of Claims to $4,500. Now, as the law
stands at present
Mr. COLE. Does my honorable friend say
that it was not within the province of a confer-
ence committee to compromise that difference?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not say any such
thing. I said it was a matter they had juris-
diction of.
Mr. COLE. I did not understand the Sen-
ator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was saying that I
hoped when this report came up to be consid-
ered again the committee of conference would
change this feature of the report. The sal-
aries of the judges of the Court of Claims are
$4,000, and have been from the beginning, as
now, fixed by law. I wish the Senator from
California would bear in mind that there is no
distinction, and never has been, between the
chief justice of the Court of Claims and the
other judges of that court in point of salary.
They are all alike at $4,000. Now, why, for
the purpose of adding dignity to the chief
justice, the conference committee should
retain the amendment put on by the Senate at
$5,000 for him, and strike the others down to
$4,500, I do not know. If it was necessary
to throw a little additional dignity upon the
chief justice by giving him a little more than
the others, I think we had better have put his
salary at $4,500 ; but I know no reason why
that additional $500 was necessary. There
has never been such a distinction hitherto in
reference to that court.
Mr. COLE. Not in reference to that court;
but the chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary knows that there is such a provis-
ion in reference to the Supreme Court of the
United States, and in reference also to the
supreme courts of the several States; and it
is a very common thing to make a distinction,
not on the ground of dignity, but on the ground
of responsibility. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary can give the reasons
better than I can.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
California knows of any additional responsi-
bility he knows more than I do. If he knows
also of a distinction in the salaries of the
judges in the courts between the Chief Justice
and his associate justices in the respective
States, he knows more than I do. It may be
the case in some of the States; I am not
aware of any such distinction in my State ;
but there has never been such a distinction
in the Court of Claims, and I hope the Sen-
ator from California will insist on nutting
them all at $5,000, and that it shall not be
made a reason for putting the others at
$4,500 in order to give the Chief Justice a
little additional dignity by way of having hitn
receive more than the other judges of that
court. They all ought to have $5,000. If it
is necessary to make a distinction, I hope it
will be made by addiug $500 to the Chief
Justice above $5,000. 1 was very sorry to
see these salaries stricken down in that way;
and as I infer from the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Ohio that this report will be recom-
mitted, I hope that that matter will be taken
into consideration, and I will not take further
time if that is the understanding of the Sen-
ate. B-ut if there is to be a contest about it I
have some other things to say.
Mr. SAWYER. I think it is evident this
report will not receive the indorsal of the
Senate without a great deal of discussion, f
move, therefore, ihatthereportberecommitted
to the committee of conference.
Mr. THURMAN. I only want to make one
remark. I concur entirely in the view which
has been expressed that a conference comtnii-
tee transcends its power when it introduces a
new subject into a bill. I am not going to dis-
cuss that subject. I only want to state this
fact: I happened to be on two conference
committees, each of which did that very thing,
against what 1 thought was right and against
my protest; but it was said by the House
managers on each of those committees that
it was the settled practice in the House to
do that thing, and that the House would not
give it up. Now, whether they will or not I do
not know. If we can get them to give it up
