32
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
sary that the Committee of Ways and Means,
and the Committee on Appropriations, and a
number of other committees, should have
clerks.
Mr. BANKS. And the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
Mr. KBLLEY. Yes, the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and some other committees, now
actually need clerks to enable them to prop-
erly prepare business for this House. It may
be that there have been too many clerks. I
hope that the Committee on the Civil Service
will be able to report a bill during the next
week, and then it will be for the House to say
how soon it shall be passed here, and for the
Senate then to act upon it. This is a measure
to be effective in the interim, and only so long.
It especially provides that these appointments
shall terminate on the passage of a law regu-
lating the question.
Mr. RANDALL. That may embrace the
entire session.
Mr. KELLEY. No; it does not embrace
the entire session.
Mr. RANDALL. It embraces a period
without any knowledge on our part when that
period shall cease.
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman can tell
me when the House and the Senate will pass
the bill, I will fix the day wheu the operation
of this resolution shall terminate.
Mr. RANDALL. And in the mean time
these unnecessary clerks will be drawing pay
from the Government.
Mr. COX. I wish to make a motion to refer
this resolution to the Committee on the Civil
Service.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] is entitled to the floor,
uniess he yields it.
Mr. KELLEY. I will call the previous
question on the resolution I have offered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. A moment.
Mr. KELLEY. Certainly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It seems to me that this
resolution is in the nature of an omnibus to
carry a whole lot of clerks, without our know-
ing whether there is any real and actual
necessity for them. For one, I am perfectly
willing to vote the committees that have the
necessary labors to perform the clerks that
they really need, but to bring them in in this
form ali together, making one rest upon the
other, thereby perhaps carrying through clerks
for committees that do notneedthem,it seems
to me is altogether out of order, and not at all
in consonance with what is the duty of this
committee recently organized.
Mr. KELLEY. There is no committee
responsible for this resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. I would suggest that the
committees, through their respective chairmen,
address themselves to the House when they
deem it necessary to ask for clerks, andletthe
House decide each case upon its own merits.
Mr. KELLEY. I think I must now call
for the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. Willthegentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley,] allow me to
make a suggestion?
Mr. KELLEY. Certainly.
Mr. MA.YNARD. I think the resolution,
as explained by the mover,is eminently proper,
and, indeed, absolutely necessary. It will be
recollected that there are certain committees
that have clerks provided by law, while the
other committees are not so provided. This
resolution by its terms contemplates the em-
ployment of these clerks until such a law as
has been indicated should be passed. If any-
thing should happen that the law should not
be enacted until the next session of Congress,
it would by its terms employ these gentlemen
through the entire recess of Congress. I think
we had better provide against any such thing.
For that reason I will suggest a proviso to that
effect, for I am sure the gentleman does not
contemplate any such thing.
Mr. KELLEY. Certainly I do not.
Mr. COX. I desire to say a word, and, if
possible, to make a motion to refer this reso-
lution to the committee whose chairman lias
presented it. There is in this House a great
change since the old days when only two or
three committees had clerks.
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman from New
York will give way for one moment, I desire
to insert in the resolution a clause providing
that the salaries of the clerks shall begiu with
the present session. My only object in offer-
ing the resolution is to subserve the con-
venience of the committees.
Mr. COX. I do not know that this resolu-
tion is of very much consequence, or that it
ought to call forth a great deal of debate; but
I think that if these gentlemen wish to reform
the civil service, they should give to the House
a thorough and complete statement of the
clerks now employed by various committees
under provisions of law, and such as are to be
employed under this resolution. I would like
to know how much the employment of these
clerks is to cost. I would like this committee
to pass upon the question whether or not these
clerks will be really useful to the committees,
or only useful as private secretaries to the
members who happen to be chairmen of the
committees. I would like to know whether
they are to be useful for the purpose of sending
off political documents.
Mr. KELLEY. I would be glad to give
the gentleman all the information he requires,
if it were possible; but here is a resolution
arising from an emergency—a resolution de-
signed to meet a merely temporary case. I
therefore propose to call the previous question,
after modifying the resolution so as to provide
that the pay of these clerks shall commence
with the present session of Congress.
The SPEAKER. The amendment which
has been sent to the desk by the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maykard] will be read.
Perhaps it may cover the point indicated by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The Clerk read as follows:
i. VL,dd ft* end 'k® resolution these words :
I romaed, That no such employment shall extend
to the reeesses between the present and subsequent
session of Congress."
Mr. COX. I protest against the passage of
this resolution when we do not know what it
means. A resolution of this character ought
to come from a committee before any action
by the House. The House may hereafter find
that it goes further than members now intend.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to add to the reso-
lution, in lieu of the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Tennessee, these words:
"And provided further. That the employment shall
not apply to any of the recesses of Congress.'*
Mr. KELLEY. I accept that amendment
as a modification of my resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
resolution as now modified.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That authority is herebv given for the
employment of clerks by such committees as were
authorized to employ clerks in the last Congress, at
the same compensation then paid, such employment
6 up,on %e Passage of a law regulating such
VP9mfF"mts : /\S0ltfe5f That the Committees on
. J6/ Manufactures shall have a clerk
\And provided further, That the employment
shall not apply to any of the reeesses of Congress.
Mr. PETERS. There was a resolution
passed by the House at the close of the last
session assigning to the clerk of the Committee
on invalid Pensions special work durin^ the
recess. Will this resolution deprive him of
his pay ?
I he SPEAKER. The Chair apprehends it
will not, because he has already received his
pay. [Laughter.] The question is on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question
upon the resolution as modified.
On the question there were—ayes81, noes6I.
So the previous question was seconded.
ihe mam question was ordered; and under
j the operation thereof the resolution, as mod-
) ified, was agreed to.
Mr. KELLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
APPORTIONMENT BILL.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House resolves itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union for the pur-
pose of considering the apportionment bill,
referred to that committee at the spring ses-
sion.
The SPEAKER. Under the rule, if liter-
ally construed, the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union would have to take
up the Calendar; but there is no printed Cal-
endar for public business, and the Chair is
under the impression that the apportionment
bill stands at the head of the Public Calendar.
Hence, if the House should adopt the motion
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
worth,] the Chair will direct that that bill
shall be considered as the business before the
committee.
The motion of Mr. Farnsworth was agreed
to; and the House accordingly resolved itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. Bcffintos in the chair,)
and proceeded to the consideration of House
bill No._ 243, for the apportionment of Rep-
resentatives to Congress among the several
States according to the ninth, census.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask for the read-
ing of the bill.
The bill was read.
The first section provides that from and after
the 3d day of March, 1873, the House of Rep-
resentatives shall be composed of two hundred
and eighty-one members, to be apportioned
among the several States in accordance with
the provisions of this act, that is to say:
within the State of Maine, five; within the
State of New Hampshire, two; within the
State of Vermont, two ; "within the State of
Massachusetts, eleven; within the State of
Rhode Island, two ; within the State of Con-
necticut, four : within the State of New York,
thirty-two ; within the State of New Jersey,
seven; within the State of Pennsylvania,
twenty-six; within the State of Delaware,
one: within the State of Maryland, six; within
the State of Virginia, nine; within the State
of North Carolina, eight; within the State of
South Carolina, five; within the State of
Georgia, nine ; within the State of Alabama,
seven; within the State of Mississippi, six;
within the State of Louisiana, five; within the
State of Ohio, nineteen; within the State of
Kentucky, ten ; within the State of Tennessee,
nine; within the State of Indiana, twelve;
within the State of Illinois, nineteen; within
the State of Missouri, twelve; within the State
of Arkansas, four; within the State of Michi-
gan,nine; within the State of Florida, one;
within the State of Texas, six; within the
State of Iowa, nine; within the State of Wis-
consin, eight; within the State of California,
four; within the State of Minnesota, three;
within the State of Oregon, one; within the
State of Kansas, three;- within the State of
West Virginia, three; within the State of
Nevada, one; within the State of Nebraska,
one; provided, that if after such apportion-
ment shall have been made, any new State
shall be admitted into the Union, the Repre-
sentative or Representatives of such new State
shall be additional to the number of two hun-
dred and eighty herein limited.
_ The second section provides that the follow-
kl&tes shall be entitled to members of the
House of Representatives, in addition to the
number nowallowed by law, for and during the
f'C\7Congress, as follows: the States
of New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Georgia, Texas,
Wisconsin, and Kansas, each two additional
members; the States of Missouri. Michigan)
