928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
so unhappy as not to see. "Natural relation"
is very simple. Do not be generous to your
rebels until you are just to your fellow-citizens.
The Senator does not see it. He is swift  
Mr. SAWYER. With the permission of
the Senator I should like to ask if I did not say
to him to-day that if he would brine up his bill
to-morrow as an independent measure, I would
vote for it and let amnesty go over; but no,
he did not want that.
Mr. SUMNER. I know the Senator said
that, but I asked the Senator to vote for equal
rights when he had an opportunity. He has
had the opportunity now for six weeks and he
has not been willing to employ it; but he rises
here and says that the measure of equal rights
could pass in a day. The Senator is not old
in this Chamber, but he is old enough to know
that he ought not to niitke any such assertion.
Why, sir, that bill of mine has been before the
Senate now for nearly two years; 1 am not in-
attentive or inactive in the discharge of my
duties; and never until the amnesty bill was
before the Senate, did I find any opportunity
of calling the attention of the Senate to it.
Mr. SAWYER. Did the Senator ever move
to take it up?
Mr. SUMNER. I never had an opportun-
ity to move to take it up—-never. It was
detained in the committee two different times
and reported tardily at or near the close of
the session. Then I introduced it at the
beginning of this session, and it was when the
amnesty was presented that J found my oppor-
tunity of calling attention to it. Now I appeal
to candid Senators, does any one doubt that
only in that way could 1 have obtained a hear-
ing for ii ? Had 1 tried to bring it before the
Semite alone, 1 might po-sibly have secured an
opportunity for one speech, and then it would
have been postponed or dropped out of sight;
but bringing it as I have in association with
amnesty, tho^e two measures, one vast, the
other considerable, have been presented in
contrast before the Senate and the country.
The Senate has been educated on the ques-
tion ; so has the country ; and I put it to you,
sir, and to my associates in this Chamber, if the
cause of equal rights is not at this moment—
no thanks to the Senator fro in South Carolina—
stronger than it was when this debate began.
I could not have done otherwise with my con-
viction of duty, feeiing that here was an
opportunity not to be lost.
Now, sir, I have no disposition to lecture the
Senator or anybody else, but you all know how
steadfastly he has thrown himself in the way
of this effort which I felt it my duty to make,
how persistently he hasexalted what we should
do for rebels, saying little or nothing of what
we should do for our colored fellow-citizens,
spending his efforts tu denounce me, to assault
me, and to criticise what he pleases again and
again t.o call my methods. Sir, my methods
are not his methods. I am glad on this occa-
sion they are not. However, sir, I would not
be betrayed into any criticism of that Senator;
he has taken his responsibility; but I insist
that when he assails rae day after day in this
Chamber as he has, he must not expect me
to be always silent.
Mr. SAULSBfJRY. Mr. President, I wish
to say that under the circumstances I shall vote
against this bill. I was very anxious that an
amnesty bill should be passed, as I said in the
remarks 1 submitted to the Senate the other
day. I should be very glad if I could vote to
remove the disabilities of every one now labor-
ing under disabilities; but the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts having been
attached to the bill, and that being unconsti-
tutional as I believe, I could not, if that was
the only consideration operating on my mind,
vote for this bill as a whole.
But 1 go further, sir, and say that if there
were no constitutional objections presenting
themselves to my mind, yet there are other
considerations which influence me to vote
against the bill. However anxious I might be
to secure amnesty to all who are now under
disabilities, 1 could not consent, even if there
were no constitutional objections to it, to assist
in striking down the race to which 1 belong to
a common level with the negro population
of this country. I speak my sentiments freely
on this subject, because 1 have no colored
constituency to represent. I belong to a party
that has no colored element in it to control
its operation, as I am fearful is the case on
this occasion. Why, sir, when we voted on
this question before the holidays, there was a
a majority in this Chamber opposed to the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts ; but we all know that since that time
the Senator has risen in his place and read
letters from negro correspondents, saying that
the Republican party could not expect their
support unless that party gave them his bill,
'and he has held them up and reminded this
Senate that the negroes could sing one song;
they might sing the song of the ballot. I wid
not say to what extent that may have its
influence on any member; but the country
will believe that gentlemen have changed their
votes on this question because they fear the
colored element of their party. I say) sir, the
couutry will believe, and is juotified in believ-
ing, that the Republican par.y has now in it an
element which is becoming a strong element
of the party, and that will control its action
not only upon this bill, but will control its
action upon other demands which will be
made in this Chamber.
Sir, not being willing to see the liberties of
the country stiickcn down at the dictation of
the colored element of the Republican party,
or any other element of the Republican party,
I cannot support this bill. I know the white
people of Delaware are anxious to see the dis-
abilities of all lemoved. I know there is
scarcely a white man in the State of Delawaie
who would give me his approbation if I should
by any means endeavor to vote for a bill which
would break up their school system, which
would invade their private lights, which would
strike down their liberties which they have
heretofore enjoyed of regulating social intei-
course among themselves. 1 cannot therefore
do it. I shall vote against this hill, trusting
that a time will come when I shall have the
opportunity to help to remove these disabilities
from my white fellow-citizens of the South.
Mr. NORWOOD. Mr. President, I have
been quite unwell during the day, and have a
cold, so that my voice is very much affected or
I would have said something upon the merits-
of this bill. 1 do not now rise for the purpose
of detaining the Senate with a speech. I rise
simply to say that I cannot support this bill as
it now stands before the Senate. When I was
elected to the seat that 1 have the honor of
holding, I came here without any pledges,
without any promises, without any one ask-
ing me where I stood politically or otherwise,
except that I was elected by my party. But,
Mr. President, I know that if X were to vote
for this bill, I should not represent the senti-
ment of my constituents, i am well aware,
further, that my constituents, knowing me as
well as they do, would never expect that I
should give my sanction to a bill which con-
tained any clause, however small or however
unimportant, that I considered unconstitu-
tional.
We are sitting here, Mr. President, as a
great constitutional convention. We are sent
bore to construe the Constitution. We are
here as commentators upon the bible of our
political faith and salvation; and it behooves
Senators to consider well any vote that they
may cast upon any question where the Consti-
tution is involved.
_ Without enlarging, I will simply say that
in my humble judgment there has been the
widest breach made in the Constitution to-day
that has ever been made by legislation upon
any one bill, it is a breach wide enough for
armies whole to march through ; and the time I
will come, and probably the Senator from
Massachusetts will live to see the day, not-
withstanding the threat, he has made to the
Senator from South Carolina as to what will
be his experience for voting contrary to the
Senator from Massachusetts, when he in com-
mon with those who cast their votes for this
measure will rue the time that ever they sat
iu tins Senate and cast this vote.
Mr. President, we have established here to-
day what? We have told the American people
that Congress has the power to legislate upon
any question that may come before it. We
have told the American people that Congress
has power to punish the violation of a civil
contract. The violation of a contract on the
part of an innkeeper, on the part of a railroad
company, on the part of a common carrier, is
nothing more than a violation of a civil con-
tract. It is nothing more than the violation of a
contract, which a man makes when he fails to
pay his promissory note. The contract of an
innkeeper or of a common carrier is a civil con-
tract; it is a contract that the innkeeper will
receive all who come to his door who ara
worthy of being received; it. is a contract on
the part of the common carrier that he will
carry all passengers who come according to the
capacity of his conveyance. That is nothing
but a civil contract, and the Congress of the
United States have declared to the world that
when a civil contract of this character is vio-
lated, it will assume the power, and exercise
it, to punish the party who shall violate that
contract.
Now the principle is established. I wish to
call the Senate's att?ntion to that fact. The
principle is established. Wnen once you apply
it to a civil contract of one kind, why does it
lot. apply to all ? Why does it not apply to all
contracts of labor? Why does it not apply to
a contract between a planter and the negroes
that he employs by the year? Why does it
not apply to the operatives of a factory? Why
does it not apply to the miners who are labor-
ing deep down in the bowels of tile earth?
Why does it not ap^ily to the man who owns
the factory, who owns the mine, or who owns
any other enterprise where a private, a civ.l
contract is made for the purpose of earning
it on? The principle is the same. I refer
to this one instance alone. You have estab-
lished the principle, therefore, and you have
invited to these halls an organization whose
voice has already been heard in this land,
whose vanguard has already appeared upon
the streets ol New York city, and whose than
der was heard in Paris just after its sur-
render. When "the commune," wh<-n " the
international," who represent labor, shall
come here and ask to be protected ag.iinsc
Capital, shall ask to be protected in any con-
tract which they may see fit to carry out, when
their strength shall rise to such a volume that
they shall have control of this country. I a--k
the Senator where will be the limit to then-
power, under the principles and examples they
have set to-day, to resist any demand which
may be made by these organizations for pun
ishing the violation of a civil contract by a
penalty ?
Mr. President, I rose simply for the pur-
pose of indicating what I consider the char
acter of the amendment the Senate has fas-
tened on the bill, not to make a speech, but
to enter my solemn protest against the action
oi the Senate today in following the leader*
ship of the Senator from. Massachusetts into
what I consider the most dangerous precedent
taut has ever been se^ by this legislative bodv.
The VJCh PRESIDKN The question is
on thepassage of this bill, which requiresu two-
thirds vote. The Secretary will eail the roil,
Hie yeas and nays were ihen taken, wish the
xoliomag result:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Anthony. BrownHm. Cald-
well, Cameron. Clayton. Conklm*. Cr.itfin. Foiilori,
i^erry of Michigan, h iiinaaan, l?r«Inj*htos<-u, Hu-
bert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin. Harlan. Kcslo*?.
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Patterson
