1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer,
Sherman, Spencer, Sumner, West, Wilson, and Win-
dom—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Davis of West
Virginia, Goldthwaite, Hill, Johnston,Kelly,Lotran,
Morrill of Maine, Norwood, Saulsbury, Scott, Ste-
venson. Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull,View-
ers, and Wright—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Casserly, Chandler. Cole, Cooper, Corbett,
Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecti-
cut, Hamilton of Maryland, Hitchcock,Howe. Lewis,
Nye, Pratt, Schurz, Sprague, and Stewart—21.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon the pas-
sage of this bill the yeas are 33, and the nays
19. Two thirds not voting in the affirmative,
the bill is rejected.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1043) to establish an
educational fund, and to apply the proceeds
of the public lands to the education of the
people, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Education and Labor.
The bill (H. R. No. 904) for the relief of
Charles P. S. Wardwell was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Patents.
The bill (H. R. No 924) for the relief of
Sarah S. Trapp, executrix of William Trapp,
deceased, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Patents.
The bill (H. R. No. 847) for the relief <f
Tinsley, Van Horn & Co., Glenn, Overall &
Clark, and J. N. Henderson &Co., of Louisi-
ana, Missouri, was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move that
when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
The molion was agreed to.
order op business.
Mr. LOGAN and Mr. TRUMBULL ad-
dressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move-that the Senate
proceed to the consideration 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair
awards the floor to the Senator from Illinois
farthest from the Chair, [Mr. Logan,] as
he gave notice of hi3 intention to submit a
motion as soon as the bill just voted on was
disposed of.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire, if there be no objec-
tion, to take up the Chicago relief bill and
let us vote on it without debate. ["No!"
"No!"] I move, then, to take it up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope my colleague,
before making that motion, will allow me to
move to take up House bill No. 1050, for the
removal of political and legal disabilities im-
posed by the third section of the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution. I
want to bring it before the Senate, and then I
will give way to allow him to move to proceed
with his bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois farthest from the Chair moves to
proceed to the consideration of the Chicago
relief bill, pending which the other Senator
from Illinois moves to take up House bill
No. 1050.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall not
adjourn until we take up the amnesly bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
adjourn is not debatable.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On the motion to ad-
journ I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I appeal to the Senator
from Ohio to withdraw the motion.
Mr. EDMONDS. It cannot be withdrawn
after the yeas and nays are ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish to make a motion
that the Senate either on next Monday or Tues-
day, which day will suit it best, shall proceed
to consider the French spoliation bill.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 59.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects to the Senator from Ohio
•withdrawing the motion to adjourn. The yeas
and nays having been ordered, it requires
unanimous consent to withdraw it. The Secre-
tary will call the roll on the motion to adjourn.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conkhng,
Corbett. Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flan-
agan, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton,Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Scott,
Sherman, Sumner, West, Windom, andWright—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Cameron, Davis of West
Virginia, Fenton, Goldthwaite, Hill, Johnston, Kel-
logg, Kelly, Logan, Norwood,Patterson, Riee, Rob-
ertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Spencer, Steven-
son, Stockton. Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers,
and Wilson—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Casserly,Cooper, Davis of Kentucky,
Ferry of Connecticut. Gilbert, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Howe,
Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Pratt, Sprague, and Stew-
art—19.
So the motion was agreed to ; and (at seven
o'clock and thirteen minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 9, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday, was read and
approved.
expenses of military establishment.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of War, in relation to the contingent expenses
of the military establishment for the year 1871;
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
claim op ii. bellmard and others.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in relation to the claim
of H. Bellmard, H. Pappaur, L. Pashall, and
A. Grigsby, on account of depredations com-
mitted by the Cheyenne Indians ; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
survey of cuivre river.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in answer to the resolution of the
House in relation to the survey of the Cuivre
river; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
foitt sanders military reservation.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War in relation to the mili-
tary reservation of Fort Sanders, in Wyoming
Territory; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
election contest bowen vs. de large.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House papers in the contested-
election case of Bowen vs. De Large, from the
second congressional district of South Caro-
lina; which were referred to the Committee of
Elections.
joseph parkins.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War in relation to the
contract of Joseph Parkins for furnishing
building stone for the arsenal at Rock Island,
Illinois ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
coast survey report.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmit-
ting the Coast Survey report for the year 1871;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, Sub-
mitted the following resolution ; -which wa8
referred under the law to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed twenty-five hun-
dred extra copies of the report of the Superintend-
entof the United States Coast Survey—one thousand
tor the Superintendent, and fifteen hundred for the
use of the House of Representatives.
land grant to st. citoix railroad.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lays before the
House a communication from the Governor
of Wisconsin, transmitting resolutions of the
Legislature of that State asking for a renewal
by Congress of the grant to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from St. Croix river or !afe«
to the west end of Lake Superior and to Bay
field. If' there be no objection, these resolu-
tions will be referred to the. Committer on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be, printed.
Mr. RANDALL. Why should they be
printed? It is a needless expense.
The SPEAKER, The Chair has never
known an instance in which resolutions trans-
mitted from a State Legislature have not been
printed.
Mr. RANDALL. Well, sir, these resolu-
tions relate to the subject of laud grants, and
I think the sooner we meet the question the
better. I think we had better commence right
here.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I sup-
pose that these resolutions should take the
usual course.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has just re-
marked that he has never known an instance
in which resolutions transmitted to Congress
from a State Legislature have not been printed.
Does the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Randall] raise the point against these reso-
lutions?
Mr. RANDALL. No, sir; I will not
press it.
election contest niblack vs. vfalls.
Mr. HOAR. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Elections to report the following
resolution :
Resolved, That in the contested-election case of
Silas L. Niblack vs. Josiah T. Walls, concerning the
right to a seat in the House from Florida, the time
for taking testimony be so extended that either
party may be permitted to tako testimony within
the period of sixty days from the passage of this
resolution.
This resolution is agreed to by the parties,
and is the unanimous report of the committee.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. HOAR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election contest boles vs. edwards
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I rise to
a privileged question, to call up the contested-
election case of Boles vs. Edwards.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman de-
sire to call up this caso to the exclusion of the
morning hour?
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman gives
notice that at the expiration of the morning
hour he will call up the contested-election case
of Boles vs. Edwards.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. Yes, sir.
saj!<ui s. tiupp.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins at thirteen minutes after twelve o'clock;
and the House resumes the consideration of
the bill reported last Friday from the Commit-
tee on Patents, being the bill (H. R. No. 924)
for the relief of Sarah S. Trapp, executrix of
William Trapp, deceased. The question is on
seconding the previous question upon the bill
as amended.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; which was upon
ordering the bill to be engrossed far a third
reading.
