1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1825
which cost him $8,000, and for which he gave
his check that morning. I have not the slight-
est objection to that man driving lug four
horses at $8,000; but I do protest when it comes
to putting the people's money into his pocket;
and I have a right to draw a distinction between
piling up bounties on the millionaire to be
taken by taxation from every poor man in the
land, and an appropriation which we make to
the poor of this District to relieve their neces-
sities, and an appropriation which we make,
directly or indirectly, to God's poor anywhere.
The Senator from Iowa said—and that was
very remarkable coming from him—that this
bill in its language did not violate the Consti-
tution. He says there is not a word in this
bill, and he says '• I weigh my words," that
makes this bill unconstitutional. Why? Be-
cause, he says, suppose nobody should ever
claim the benefit ot it, could it be claimed then
that this bill was unconstitutional. Why, Mr.
President, when this bill has passed through
both Houses of Congress and received the signa-
ture of the President it will then be either uncon-
stitutional or constitutional at that moment.
But the Senator says you do not know that any-
body will ever claim the benefit of it, and it is
therefore a constitutional bill when we pass it.
Now, Mr. President, can anybody object to
the execution of a constitutional law? Does
not the Senator see that that argument over-
turns the Constitution entirely? No matter
what bill we pass here, the mere bill does not
hurt the Constitution; the harm done, the
violation of the Constitution, is in this: that
we have authorized things to be done which
the Constitution says shall not be done. That
is the very test of the constitutionality of
a law. Can it be carried into full operation
consistently with the Constitution? If so, it
is constitutional; if not to the extent of such
conflict, it is unconstitutional and void.
Again, the Senator says suppose we make an
estimate here that under this bill, if it goes into
operation, $300,000 will be realized as benefits
under it; now, assuming that to be the sum,
could we not to-day appropriate $850,000 out
of the Treasury? Well, Mr. President, that
is ignoring precisely tho distinction which I
referred to before between this and appropria-
tions. And here let me call the honorable
Senator's attention to the fact that there is no
provision in the Constitution which requires
appropriations to be uniform throughout the
Cj nited States. If the Senator means to say can
we not, indirectly violate the Constitution m re-
gard to appropriations by making them where
thpy ought not to be made and for purposes not
fairly within the scope of Federal action and
jurisdiction, I say yes, p,s we may violate the
Constitution in any other provision, or in any
other respect; but I say that tho distinction
exists broad and clear between an appropria-
tion of money, which is not trammeled by any
express provision of the Constitution nor re-
quired to be uniform in different States or
different places, or with regard to different
men, and this provision in regard to duties
which the Constitution says shall be " uniform
throughout the United States."
Tins provision of the Constitution is an
important one. It is a provision lying at the
very heart of this Union; it is the corner-
stone of the Union. It was to secure this
uniformity that the Constitution was adopted.
That was the end intended to be secured; and
the men who drafted the Constitution went
down to their graves in the full belief that that
end was fully and completely secured. And
yet we hear to-day and in this Senate, or heard
here yesterday, that it was in the power of
Congress to exempt five States irom paying
a dollar of duty for twelve months, and that
that would not violate this provision of the
Constitution which requires uniformity of
duties throughout the United States."
Mr, President, there are provisions of the
Constitution which may be violated without
permanent harm to our well-being as a nation.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 115.
This is not one of them. This provision forms
one of the very vital organs of the Constitution;
and this bill smites the Constitution in the
very apple of its eye.
I admire ingenuity, I pay the utmost defer-
ence to genius, and I would almost consent,
as far as the pecuniary result is concerned, to
have this bill pass, to see how my honorable
friend, the chairman of the Judiciary Commit-
tee, will defend its constitutionality. I recol-
lect a young friend of mine who had studied
law and did not succeed very well, and I met
him some years afterward, and he told me that
he had thrown up the profession. I asked him
why. He said the law was too uncertain for
a white man, and he had gone to speculating
in lottery tickets. [Laughter.] Now, if my
honorable friend shall succeed in demonstrat-
ing how a thing can be constitutionally done
which the Constitution says shall never be
done, it will go far to justify the criticism
which my friend passed upon the methods and
achievements of the legal profession.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I think
I have never known a bill which has been
argued against on so baseless foundations as
the one under consideration. It would seem
as if the design had been to call the attention
of the Senate to something else rather than the
bill we are considering. The most extrava-
gant statements have been made in regard to
the amount of money that will be taken out of
the people's pockets, stated in round numbers
to be millions of dollars, and by one Senator
at twenty or twenty-five millions. Now, what
will the Senate think, and what will the coun-
try think, when their attention is called to this
bill; and it is shown that by its passage not
one dollar is proposed to be taken out of the
people's pockets, unless they are to take advan-
tage of a calamity, and no lumber interest of
Michigan, and no tariff interest of any State,
is to be in the slightest degree different from
what it would have been had there been
no destruction of a city by fire ? Had there
been no destruction of the city of Chicago, the
condition of the lumber interests of Michigan
and of the revenue throughout the country
would be precisely the same as they will be
when this bill shall pass, if it does pass.
The honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] in an elaborate speech made the
other day upon the tariff, in giving reasons
why the revenues of the country had been so
greatly swelled from duties, told us that
$8,000,000 additional had been added to the
customs duties receipts of the country by rea-
son of the Chicago fire, and why? Goods
were in the city of Chicago not yet used, in the
great store-houses of that city, upon which
duties had been paid amounting in value to
millions and millions of dollars, which were all
consumed in an hour, and by reason of their
destruction other goods had to be imported,
and there has been paid into your Treasury,
according to the estimate of the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, $8,000,000 by rea-
son of this increased importation to supply
the loss of goods destroyed by the fire.
And now what is asked? It is asked that
these people, who have paid $8,000,000 upon
goods they had imported and were holding,
and which were consumed on their hands, not
only losing the duty they had paid, but the
value of the goods—it is asked that they may
be permitted to do what? To have back the
duty they paid? Oh, no. To import other
goods in the place of those burned up without
paying the duty? Oh, no; but it is asked sim-
ply that in reerecting the buildings that con-
tained their goods, in reerecting the dwellings
to protect tbeir families, they shall not be
charged again with duty upon the articles which
go into the construction of these buildings.
That is all.
A friend of mine was here the other day,
Mr. President, who just before the fire had
erected a structure m the city of Chicago,
and this case will illustrate many others. He
informed me that the building which he was
erecting and which was not entirely completed,
though a portion of it had been occupied, had
cost him about one hundred and twenty-five
thousand dollars; and that he had paid in
duties upon the plate-glass which went into
the building $4,000. The building, except a
few rooms for offices, had never been occupied.
He proposes now to reerect another building
upon the ground where the first one .stood.
The Senator from Wisconsin wants him to
pay $4,000 in duties over again on the glass
he will need, and talks about its being unjust
to the people of Wisconsin and taking money
out of the people's pockets. Why, you have
got eight millions of money in your Treasury
paid on goods destroyed according to the esti-
mate of the financial officer of this body, and
now you want the persons who paid it not
only to pay eight millions more on goods
imported to supply their places, but double
duties on the few building materials from
abroad that go into the new buildings that are
erected in the burnt district.
Well, how about these people in Michigan
and Wisconsin whose lumber interests are to
be so seriously affected? To whom do they
sell lumber? They sell it to the farmers of
Illinois; they sell it to build houses and fences
all over the prairies of the West. Would they
have had any market for their lumber to be
put into these burned buildings if they had
not been burned? No, sir. They have the
same market to-day if this bill passes that
they would have had had there been no fire.
What, then, is their complaint? Their com-
plaint is that they cannot charge to these peo-
ple who paid their duties once and to all others
in that locality double price for their lumber.
The lumber which sold in Chicago and bricks
which were furnished in Chicago before the
fire have in some instance doubled in price.
Why? Because of the great demand for
building materials growing out of this fire ;
and you want to take advantage of the calam-
ity of these people, not to get the price you
would before have got for your lumber and
your building material, but you want to get
double price, and these people, visited by this
terrible calamity, unexampled in the world's
history, are to be ground down to the dust by
the extortion that you propose to put upon
them. You will get just as much for your
lumber, for all your articles, when the bill
passes as you would have got had there been
no fire; and this is an attempt to wring money
out of the distressed who are in your power
by this act—I had almostsaid of Omnipotence—
for it was like an act of Omnipotence when
the fire spread through tho air and consumed
a whole city in a day.
This is taking advantage of the misfortunes
of others; and my honored friend from Michi-
gan [Mr. Ferry] talks of the people of Chi-
cago not furnishing the ground for the pub-
lic buildings at a price that was satisfac-
tory ! Another Senator talks of having voted
$4,000,000 to Chicago for its public buildings.
Mr. President, it is no money to Chicago.
These are the public buildings for the United
States for its own accommodation. You need
the buildings to hold your courts in; you need
the buildings for your custom-house; you need
the buildings for the post office and for other
purposes, and it is for your accommodation
that the Government buildings are to be erected.
Now, sir, how is any money to be taken out
of the people's pockets by the passage of this
bill? Will anybody tell me? Tho united
States has made money out of this fire, not
only in the consumption of goods upon whicn
duties have been paid, but thousands and tens
of thousands of the securities of the United
States, its bonds and its money, were con-
sumed in the fire, which is a clear gam to the
Government in all cases in which the proof
of their existence and loss cannot be clearly
established.
But, Mr. President, while all concede in
