3618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
ever, wish to embarrass the action on the
bill, but rather to help it. I suggest that the
further reading of the bill for the first time
be suspended, and that it be read paragraph
by paragraph for amendment in the House
as in Com mil tee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the first reading will be considered as having
been dispensed wilh.
There was no objection.
The SPEAKER,. The Clerk will now read
the bill by paragraphs for amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Beit mar-ted, &c„ That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be, and he is hereby, authorized and required to
pay, out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to the several persons in thisact
named, the several sums mentioned therein, the
same being in full for the several claims presented
by such persons to the commissioners of claims under
the act of March 3, 1871, and reported to the House
of Representatives under the said act: that is to
say: To George R. Adams the sum of $595.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I should like the
chairman of the Committee of Claims to give
some explanation in regard to the way in
which this bill has been prepared.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. This bill makes
appropriations amounting in the aggregate to
$346,990 90 for the purpose of paying claims
that have been allowed by the southern claims
commission. The Committee of Claims had
referred to it the report of that commission,
•bowing all the claims that have been allowed
and those that have been disallowed, em-
bracing the whole work of the commission.
The committee have looked more or less
into every one of the individual cases reported
upon by the commissioners of claims, chiefly,
however, for the purpose of seeing whether
they could depend upon the action of the com-
mission in those cases, with what care that
action bad been taken, and how I'ar it would be
safe to rely upon it. And I think I shall only
speak the opinion of every member of the
committee when I say that the action of the
commissioners has been very careful, prudent,
and just. If it has been unjust in any respect
I am confident it has been in giving the ben-
efit. of the doubt always to the Government
and against the claimant. In looking into the
case I have noticed that the prices at which
articles are paid for are always low prices.
There is not a single case that will be found in
which a fancy price has been allowed for any-
thing. For instance, I notice quite frequently
in the course of the work that in paying for
cotton they have not risen above the price of
twenty five cents per pound, and generally
have been as low as fifteen or twenty cents per
pound. Both Houses of Congress, I believe,
have always allowed higher prices. And m
like manner I think in regard to all the sup-
plies that have been taken, and which it is not
necessary to specify, they have adopted a low
range of prices.
We have been entirely satisfied, therefore,
■with tbe action of the commissioners in that
respect; and upon the whole the committee
have thought it sale to depend upon the
allowances ihey have made, and in the main
have adopted them. We have, however, left
out of this bill some six claims—one of them
being the largest which was allowed—with a
view to further consideration ; not because
there was no proof to support them, for there
was; but because we thought, from the ap-
pearance of the cases, a further examination
might develop something to the interest of
the Government,. It is for that reason ive
have left those cases out.
It will be observed that almost all the claims
are small claims. They are the claims of
loyal people all over the southern country,
and have been very carefully considered and
I think prudently allowed. We found, in ex-
amining the report, that there were some cler-
ical mistakes, which I think have been cor-
rected ; we have endeavored to correct thein
all. Looking into every case, comparing the
facts with the report, and going over all the
affidavits, we discovered a good manjr errors
which were merely clerical, and these, I be-
lieve, are corrected in the bill.
Since the bill was sent back to the commit-
tee we have put in two claims, appealing par-
ticularly to our sympathies, which have been
reported from the claims commission since
this bill was reported to the House. They have
both been carefully examined, and we think
them eminently just.
The several amendments which are pro-
posed to the bill have been written into it,
and appear as separate paragraphs. It will
be as well to consider them as parts of the
bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Are there any
claims in the bill which were not acted upon
by the commissioners?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. None whatever.
Mr. GA RF1ELD, of Ohio. I desire to offer
an amendment, which I send to the desk.
Mr. SHELDON. Does this bill pay the
amounts found by tbe commission in each
case?
Mr. BLATR, of Michigan. It does.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
Insertin line seven, after the word "for," the fol-
lowing: "and the receipt of the same to betaken
and accepted in each ease as a full and final dis-
charge ofso thatit will read:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and required to pay, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to the several persons jn this act named, the several
sums mentioned therein, the sa,me being in full for,
and the receipt of the same to be taken and aceept-
od in each as a full and final discharge of, the sev-
eral claims presented by such persons to tho com-
missioners of claims usder the act of March 3, 1871,
aud reported to the House of Representatives under
the said act.
That will operate as a final discharge.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. There is no
objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I believe the law
by which this commission was created defines
or lay3 down the rules by which the commis-
sion is to be guided in the allowance of claims.
I suppose, of course, it is the design of the
commission to adhere to the requirements of
tho law, but I think it would be useful just
now to have the chairman of the committee
state two things in regard to all these claims,
and let it go to the country: first, what the
rule has been that they have adopted touching
the loyalty of the claimants; and secondly,
what class of claims are allowed and what
principle has been adopted touching the char-
acter of the claims that come within the pro-
visions of the law and the rule of allowance.
I wish that he would state these two things at
the outset.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. The gentleman
will find in the report of the claims commis-
sion itself (which is Miscellaneous Document
No. 10) a very full statement and discussion
of that whole subject. They have acted upon
the principle of allowing no claims except
those due to loyal persons, and they have been
exceedingly particular in requiring evidence
upon that point. By their report it appears
that a very large number of claims had been
ruled out entirely upon the ground that the
persons were not proved to be loyal. They
are confined by the law to the allowance of
■'storesand supplies for the Army," and they
have confined themselves strictly to that,
rejecting all claims for damages or anything
outside of what are recognized by the Army
rules and regulations as '• stores ana supplies."
They have elaborated very much in their report
what they construe that language to be, adopt-
ing the rules of the Army, and they have been
verv strict to lollow it.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Then there is
nothing in the bill for losses or destruction
of property?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Nothing at all.
They have carefully excluded everything for
losses or destruction of property.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is anything
allowed in the nature of incidental damages?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Nothing of the
kind.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, There is noth-
ing in the nature of damages?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Not at all.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
heard outside that claims have been presented
for rent of buildings occupied by the Army.
I desire to know if there is anything in this
bill allowed for rent.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan I will state to
the gentleman, and I think he will find it
stated in the report, that the commission in
examining into that question looked into it
very carefully to see whether they could allow
for the occupation of buildings, but found that
under Army operations thg occupation of
buildings is not regarded as " stores or sup-
plies," but stands eo nomine as rent.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is an-
other class of c airns which has been pushed
upon the Government from time to time, and
that is, claims for the occupation of land. I
know that in several instances in my own
experience in the Army claims have been
attempted to be fastened upon the Army for
the use of fields for camping-grounds. _ If
claims of that kind were allowed we might
ultimately be compelled to pay rent for the
battle-fields. I desire to ask if there is any-
thingof that kind before the commission at all?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Nothing of that
sort is allowed. On the contrary, all such
claims were specially rejected. One member
of the Committee of Claims will report a bill
to pay such claims simply because they were
rejected.
Mr. SHELDON. I believe that the law
authorizes the commission to allow claim3 for
boats.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Yes.
Mr. SHELDON. Does this bill allow any
Such claim?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I believe it does
not cover a single boat case.
Mr. SHELDON. Does this bill allow any-
thing except for property taken?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. It does not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH._ I believe ths com-
mission to be a very fair and a very honest
one. It is also very apparent that the House
of Representatives cannot examine into all
these cases; we must rely upon the report
of the commission that has examined these
cases, heard the evidence, and examined all
the circumstances connected with those cases.
We must do that, or else we shall be com-
pelled to overthrow their report and have no
sort of regard for it. For one, I am inclined
to regard the report of that commission as
prima facie evidence of what should be done
in the case.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would inquire
if this is the unanimous report of the Commit-
tee of Claims?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. It is.
Sundry amendments, verbal and otherwise,
reported from tbe Committee of Claims, were
agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was as follows:
A bill making appropriation for the payment of
claims reported allowed by the commissioners of
claims under the act of Congress of March 3,1871.
Beit enacted by the Senateand Houseof llevresenta-
tivesof the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
is hereby, authorized and required to pay, out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to the several persons in this act named, the
several sums mentioned therein, the same being in
full tor, and the receipt ol tho same to be taken and
accepted in each case as a full and final discuaige
of, the several claims presented by such persons to
the commissioners of claims under the act of March
3,1871, and reported to the House of Representa-
tives under the said act: that is to say :
To George R Adams, the sum of $595.
To John T. Armstrong, $154 98.
To Thomas J. Alexander, S1.335.
To Francis jM. Anderson, Si00.
To William A. Austin. $1,535 50.
To Young W. Allen, $195.
