1826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
portions of their arguments that they are
willing to do something for Chicago, they say
"but this is an unconstitutional bill; this is not
the right way to do it." " We are ready to vote
an amount of money," says the Senator from
Michigan ; and the Senator from Wisconsin
draws a distinction between an appropriation
of money and the provisions of this bill. I
think there is a distinction, and he does me
the honor to quote something which I said
some years ago, when a hill was pending in
this body to appropriate money out of the
Treasury for the sufferers by the fire in Port-
land. 1 voted against it. I voted yesterday
against taking money out of the Treasury to
pay to the sufferers by fire in Chicago, and I
will vote to-day against it. Chicago asks no
money out of your Treasury to be distributed
to her. Such a proposition as that is a very
different thing from the one which is now
pending, and the Senator from Wisconsin
rightly drew a distinction between them, and
he will give me the credit of consistency in
having voted against a donation of money to
both Portland and Chicago.
Mr. CARPENTER. And upon principles
that are just as destructive to this bill as to the
bill the Senator voted against.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; entirely differ-
ent. The Senator has saved me the trouble of
pointing out the distinction between an appro-
priation from the Treasury and such a bill as
this, and I need not go over that ground.
Bat, Mr. President, let us look at this ques-
tion of the constitutionality of the bill under
consideration. The Senator seems to think it
would be an extraordinary thing if anybody
could show that this was a constitutional bill.
If it were such a bill as he talked about, very
probably it would not be constitutional. ^If it
were a bill to relieve ten States of the Union
from the payment of duties which were exacted
from the other States of the Union, it would
lack that principle of uniformity essential to
make it a constitutional bill; but that does not
happen to be this bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask him whether he makes a distinction
between a bill which excludes a county, for
instance, or a city, and one which excludes an
entire State ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. From what?
Mr. CARPENTER. Prom the necessity of
paying duties.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I
should; but this is not a bill that excludes
either a State or a county from the necessity
of paying duties. That is not this bill. It will
be sufficient when the question comes up to
know whether there is a difference between
excluding a county and excluding a State. It
will be sufficient to point out the distinction
then, if there is one ; but that is not this bill.
This bill does not propose to exclude a county,
it does not propose to exclude a State, it does
not propose to exclude an individual from the
payment of duties. It has been talked about
as if it were making a free port of Chicago, as
if free goods were to be imported there. Why,
sir, there is not a word of that kind in the bill.
What is the bill? The bill has no provision
in it whatever in regard to relieving anybody
from the payment of duties. There are two
clauses oi the Constitution which it is supposed
are infringed upon by the bill; one is the
clause providing that there shall be no dis-
tinction between the ports of the different
Mr. CARPENTER. No one claims that
this bill violates that provision.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, I understand this
bill does not violate that clause of the Consti-
tution. Another provision which it is said it
violates is that which declares that Congress
shall have power to lay and collect taxes,
duties, imposts, and excises, but all duties,
imposts, and excises shall be uniform through-
out the United States. Is there anything in
this bill impinging upon that provision of the
Constitution? Nothing. Does it provide that
duties are not to be paid? Not at all. Every-
body has to pay duties, and you, sir, [Mr.
Pomeroy in the chair,] living in Kansas, the
Senator living in Wisconsin, a Senator living
in New York, or anybody else, has the same
benefit of the provisions of this bill as a per-
son living in Chicago. Anybody, anywhere,
who imports articles has to pay the duties on
them, no matter whether they are imported at
New York, Chicago, or elsewhere. Then, how
is this principle of the Constitution impinged
upon that requires uniformity in the laying ot
duties? There is nothing of it in the objection.
The duties have to be paid upon every article
of lumber that comes from Canada, which dis-
turbs the Senators from Michigan so much.
Everybody bringing lumber from Canada, and
landing it at Chicago or New York, pays the
same duty. The man whose building was con-
sumed pays the sameduty ashewhoseekstouse
the lumber in fencing his farm on the prairies.
The duty is paid alike by everybody, and in
every part of the United.States. Now, what
becomes of the objection on the ground of
want of uniformity in the laying or payment
of duty? There is nothing in that.
Mr. CARPENTER. It depends, if the Sen-
ator appeals to me, entirely on what you mean
by the payment of duties. If you mean a pay-
ment to keep, there is a great difference. If
you mean that the payment called for by the
Constitution, expected to take place by the
Constitution, is satisfied by passing money in
with one hand and taking it back with the
other, there is a vast difference, or else there
is no need of passing this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose that no duties
are collected to keep. I do not know any
authority in the Constitution of the United
States to lay and collect duties for the purpose
of keeping them. Does the Senator from
Wisconsin?
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, sir, as against the
men who pay them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What are you going to
do with the duties collected? Have you any
right to keep them against the persons who
pay them or anybody or everybody else?
Mr. CARPENTER. When I say " collect
revenues to keep," I mean not to pay them
back to the same men. I mean good faith,
not jugglery.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I mean good faith and
not jugglery, but I do not mean that the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin shall escape by calling
that jugglery which has no connection with
the collection of duties. Sir, this is sticking
in the bark. An attempt is made to defeat a
just and proper bill, flow ? By a technical
objection, that it is unconstitutional, by dwell
ing upon the word "uniformity." When I
show the Senator from Wisconsin that his
technical objection has no foundation, that the
duties are to be paid, that they are uniform
all over the United States, "Well, that is so
he gives up the constitutional point then and
comes back and says, " Oh, but you cannot
collect duties with one hand and pay them out
with the other."
Mr. CARPENTER. To the same man.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You can do it just as
well to the same man as to any other man. Is
there any constitutional principle in that,
whether it is to the same man or to any other
man ? They are not to be paid back by this
bill to the same man who pays them. A party
buys in the city of Nsw York the glass which
goes into a house which ho is erecting iu the
burnt district of Chicago. He did not pay
the duties on it. The duties were paid by the
importer in the city of New York, but when
the party who built the house shows to the
Secretary of the Treasury that he has used
that glass in the building upon this burnt dis-
trict, who gets the drawback?
Mr. CARPENTER. He gets it, because in
paying for the glass he paid this duty in New
York.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not the man who
paid the duty, then. Now I have got the Sen-
ator another peg. We first moved liim off
from the peg where he put his foot, that the
duties must be uniform. He admits that they
are; but he says, "Oh, that will not do; you
must not pay the money back to the same
man." When I show him it is not paid back
to the same man, then he says it is paid back to
a man who bought of a man that did pay the
duty.
Mr. CARPENTER. I certainly know my
friend does not mean to misrepresent me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all.
Mr. CARPENTER. I have not said that
these duties are uniform. I deny that. While
the Senator is pegging away here, I am per-
fectly willing that he shall do anything but
misrepresent me. He may treat the Consti-
tution just as he pleases, but I hope he will
not misstate my argument, and of course he
does not intend to do so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no ; I do not wish
to misstate the Senator. He regards the im-
position of duties the same as he does a draw-
back.
Mr. CARPENTER. In other words, pro
tanto, and so far as defending the Constitution
is concerned I have joined with the Senator
in supporting that plank of the Cincinnati
convention. I am opposed to an unconstitu-
tional law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Soaml. The difficulty
with the Senator's argument and the whole
argument on this subject is in not making the
distinction between the payment of duties and
drawbacks. Why, sir, when the Constitution
was formed the subject of drawbacks was well
understood. It was understood in England and
in other commercial countries of the world just
as well as it is to-day. The imposition of
duties is one thing ; a drawback of the amount
of duties paid is another. There is the dis-
tinction, and from the time the Constitution
was formed down to this very hour, it has
always been observed in our legislation.
Why, Mr. President, has it not always been
the law that all dutiable articles imported into
this country had to pay the duty according to
the provision of the law imposing it, no matter
what their future destination might be ? But
has it not also always been the law to allow a
drawback, under certain circumstances, of the
amount of duty paid when the articles were
reexported to a foreign country ? Has not
that always been so?
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is not that a violation
of the law of uniformity?
Mr. CARPENTER. Not at all, because it
applies to every State alike.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It applies to particular
articles used in a particular way ; and so does
this bill apply to every State alike. The peo-
ple of every State in this Union have pre-
cisely the same right under this bill as the
people living in the city of Chicago have.
Mr. CARPENTER. If Chicago is in every
State of the Union, they have.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Look at the bill. Has
not the citizen of Alabama the same right
under this bill as the citizen of Illinois?
Mr. CARPENTER. If my friend will allow
me, that brings us to the precise point which
I ought to have mentioned, ar.d which I want
to hear him answer. One of the great rea-
sons why the founders of our Government
wanted to make uniform duties was to prevent
one State from building itself up at the ex-
pense of another. Suppose, for instance, we
took off the duties on wool manufactured into
clothing in Massachusetts, everybody in the
other States would rush into Massachusetts to
enjoy the benefit of it. Therefore the Con-
stitution says these duties shall be uniform,
and one State shall not have this advantage
and this temptation to the population of the
other States to enrich itself at their expense.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is not applicable
