2722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
bill, or put in it in the form of new matter by
the House before it was returned to the Senate
with a request that a conference committee be
raised. 1 do not accept any charge of blame
or dereliction from the Senator on that ground.
Now, Mr. President, all the complaint that
has been made of the report of the conference
committee on this bill, it seems to me, is very
much without foundation to rest upon. There
may have been the incorporation of some little
new matter for the purpose of getting the bill
in the form of law, which was necessary, and
if so that has been customary as was stated by
the honorable Senator from Maine who just
preceded me. And I will state for the benefit
of my friend from New York, who is forward
in his criticisms on this report, that it was at
his request that some portion of this bill was
modified, and perhaps he will remember it is
the case that some propositions not fully con-
sidered by either House are recognized in the
conference report.
I am precluded, of course, from stating what
took place in the conference committee or in
any other committee; that is supposed to be
private matter; but I will state this, that the
utmost exertion that it was possible to com-
mand was had to fbllow out the wishes of the
Senate by those with whom the bill was in-
trusted on that conference. We have not been
able to please everybody. It is impossible to
harmonize the conflicting views of Senators
upon any bill almost, and most of all upon a
bill of this importance. Here is the subject
of civil service reform. The House modified
the proposition of the Senate by reducing the
appropriation from $50,000 to $10,000, and
the compromise hit upon by the conference
committee was the sum of $25,000 to carry
out the civil service reform. It was the best
that could be done. The same effort has been
made in reference to every proposition; and
though there is some complaint about the mat-
ter of salaries, yet it was impossible for the
Senate branch of the conference committee to
obtain more or a closer compliance with the
wishes of the Senate in regard to that subject.
Mr. HOWE. Will my friend allow me
to inquire whether he means to oppose this
motion to recommit or not?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
Senator will not oppose it.
Mr. COLE. I will say this, that economy
of time in the Senate is becoming of the utmost
importance; and if it will facilitate business,
as I infer it will by the expression of Senators
about me, not to oppose that disposition of
the bill, I will not do it. I will acquiesce in
it for the purpose of saving time. We have
another bill of greater importance before us
which is the regular order, and which may be
called up any time by any Senator who chooses
to do so.
Mr. MORTON. If there is to be any further
debate, I shall call for the regular order.
Mr. CARPENTER. I wish to make one
suggestion before this matter is recommitted
to the conference committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Indiana demand the regular order?
Mr. MORTON. I will hear the Senator
from Wisconsin.
Mr. CARPENTER. In the first place, the
question of raising salaries of district judges
has been twice passed upon by a very large
vote in the Senate.
Mr. COLE. Not in that form, raising them
uniformly to $5,000 all over the United States.
Mr. CARPENTER. I think it has passed
twice to my certain knowledge. That is my
recollection. But it has so happened in each
case that the committee of conference on the
part of the Senate have been personally op-
posed to that increase of salary. I have no
doubt this committee made as good a struggle
as they possibly could, with their conscientious
convictions about it, to maintain a decision of
the Senate which they regarded as erroneous;
but it seems to me if we could have one or
two men on that conference at some time who
are in favor of that amendment, we might
stand perhaps a better chance of having it
finally passed.
I desire to make one other suggestion to
my friend. If in these various changes any
trade is necessary in order to harmonize the
action of the two Houses in regard to this
bill, I suggest to him that he should use that
$25,000 that is to go for civil service reform
and trade on that. [Laughter.] I will con-
sent to let that be disposed of in almost any
way, or applied to almost any subject, even to
the judges of the District of Columbia. I sug-
gest to the Senator that with that $25,000 he
might be able to make a very good bargain in
regard to some other good provisions of the
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the report will be recommitted to
the committee of conference and a message
transmitted to the House of Representatives
asking their concurrence in that action.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that it is
limited to the new matter. If it is not, I
shall oppose it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to any limita-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not a free
conference if it is limited. Of course, if the
report is recommitted, the question comes up
before both Houses on agreeing to it when it
is again reported back. A message will be
sent to the House of Representatives request-
ing concurrence in this action.
order of business.
Mr. MORTON. I ask for the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular
order is demanded, which is the deficiency
bill, the pending question being on the motion
of the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,]
to lay the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] on the table; but
to-day was assigned for the consideration of
the bill reported by the joint select Committee
on Alleged Outrages in the Southern States,
which, however, is overridden under the rule
by the unfinished business, unless that be laid
on the table. The Senator from Pennsylvania
having charge of that bill has risen.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator to
allow me to make a report.
Mr. SCOTT. I was about to suggest, as
several Senators were not present in time for
the morning business, that they be allowed to
submit it now. I am myself in that situation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Chair will receive morning busi-
ness.
additional petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to present, as the
Senate will see, numerous petitions. They
are from various parts of the United States,
being collected through the office of the Boston
Banner of Light. They protest against any
so-called religious amendment to the Constitu-
tion. The signatures in the aggregate number
thirteen thousand one hundred and ninety-one.
Considering the number of the petitioners and
the brevity of the petition, I will read it. It
is as follows:
To the honorable the Senate and House of Represent-
atives in Congress assembled :
W e, the undersigned, citizens of the United States,
respectfully and earnestly ask your honorable bodies
to preserve inviolate the great guarantees of reli-
gious liberty now contained in the Constitution of
the United States, and to dismiss all petitions ask-
ing you to adopt measures for amending said Con-
stitution by incorporating in it a recognition of
God as the source of all authority and power in
civil government," and of " the Lord Jesus Christ
as the ruler among the nations, and His revealed
will as of supreme authority." We protest against
such proposed amendments as an attempt to revo-
lutionize the Government of the United States, and
to overthrow the great principles of complete reli-
gious liberty and the complete separation of Church
and State, on which it was established by its original
founders.
As these petitions concern an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States, I
move their reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of Laza-
rus L. Reamey, praying for the passage of a
law authorizing his restoration to the Navy as
a midshipman in that class of which he was a
member at the time of his resignation ; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, late soldiers of the Army of the
United States, praying for the equalization of
bounties and the granting of bounty land ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Commissioner of Agri-
culture, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of April 3, 1872, a
statement of the statistics of wools and wool-
ens, showing the importation and domestic
production thereof; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
additional reports 01? committees.
Mr. CONKLING, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1390) for the relief of the sureties
of the late Jesse J. Simpkins, deceased, re-
ported it with amendments.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on
•Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2048) for the relief of Robert A.
Mayo, of Richmond, Virginia, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT. The Committee on Claims
have had before them what was styled the
petition of Joseph G. Petrie, for compensation
for services rendered to emigrants in Sacra-
mento valley, California, in 1849 and 1850. We
find upon an examination of the papers that
there is no such memorial here, or anything
beyond a joint resolution of the Legislature of
Illinois upon the subject. We report it back
and ask to be discharged from its further con-
sidertion.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1944) for the relief of Edward P. Gates,
postmaster at Thomaston, Connecticut, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon ; which was
ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
dissent, the bill will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask that it be
placed on the Calendar.
The VI.CE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calender with the adverse report
of the committee.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
355) referring the claim of Isaac W. Ingersoll,
and Joseph Granger for damages under a con-
tract for building a marine hospital at Detroit,
Michigan, to the Court of Claims, reported ad-
versely and moved its indefinite postponement.
The VICE PRESIDENT, if there be no
dissent, the bill will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I know nothing
of the bill, but my colleague is not in his seat,
and I suggest that it be placed on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The indefinite
postponement can be reconsidered to-morrow
or the next day if the Senator is not satisfied
wirh the adverse report on an examination
of it.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, Can it not be
placed on the Calendar now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Of course;
that has been the usage when any Senator
desired it.
