1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1827
to the population of one State at all. The
citizens" of all the States have precisely the
game rights under this bill. It is not confined
to any citizens, but the property has to be
used at a particular place, at Chicago. Your
machinery, admitted duty free for the manu-
facture of sugar from beets, is used in a par-
ticular place; your free importation of horses,
cattle, and other animals from abroad to the
zoological garden in Washington is for a par-
ticular place; and the statute is full of these
instances, which nobody ever supposed uncon-
stitutional. Those are not the only ones. Here
is another case that settles the principle:
"That the statue representing the figure of Vic-
tory, intended to surmount the monument inmemory
of tile Pennsylvania soldiers who foil in the Mexican
war, now about being erected on the capitol grounds
at Harrisburg, being in marble cut in Italy, and
■which will soon be ready for shipment, shall be
admitted free of duty."
That is not a drawback; but that statue is
admitted free of duty; and that is for a par-
ticular place, a particular statue to come to a
particular town, and to be put upon a particu-
lar monument.
But, Mr. President, this bill stands on the
principle of all laws allowing drawbacks;
a drawback is allowed on hemp when manu-
factured in a certain way ; on certain kinds of
machinery imported and used for a particular
purpose, and on goods which have paid a duty
under a uniform law when they are reshipped
within a certain period to some foreign coun-
try. Does it make any difference as to the
constitutional principle whether the goods
lauded in the city of New York are used in
the city of Chicago, or whether they are used
in the city of Quebec? The Senator from
Wisconsin will not deny that it is constitu-
tional to allow a drawback on goods used in
the city of Quebec. If it is constitutional to
allow a drawback to a man who uses the goods
in the city of Quebec, is it not constitutional
to allow a drawback to a man who uses the
goods in the city of Chicago?
Mr. CARPENTER. In order to make that
proposition sound the Senator has got to show
that the Constitution of the United States
extends over Quebec as much as it does over
Chicago. If that is so, he is clearly right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all. ' The ques-
tion is whether it is uniform in the payment
of duties ; and the man who imports the goods
into New York city and afterward uses them
in Quebec has to pay the duty. Ho pays the
duty just as much as the man does who uses
them in Chicago.
Mr. CARPENTER. He gets his drawback,
because he subsequently takes the property
out of the United States. On the other hand,
the man who takes it to Chicago keeps it in
the United States and use3 it there. That is
the distinction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The fact that it is used
there does not affect the principle of draw-
back. Our statutes are full of laws of this
character from the beginning of the Govern-
ment. Now, all there is in this bill is simply
that a drawback is allowed of the amount ot
duty that is paid upon articles that go into the
construction of buildings in the burpfc district
in ihe city of Chicago within the period of one
year ; and I apprehend there can bo no sound
constitutional argument made against it based
upon this clause of the Constitution which
relates to uniformity in the payment of duties.
I admit if this was a mere evasion, as the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin seems to argue, if the
provision was made that goods imported for
a particular State without reference to the
uses to which they were to be applied, without
any other consideration entering into the stat-
ute than simply to relieve one State from the
payment of duties, should come in duty free,
or if the same law imposed a duty upon cer-
tain goods, and then said on all those goods
intended lor a particular State the duties should
be paid right bock again, I donot differ with
the Senator, if that was the object of the law,
that it would be in violation of the spirit of the
Constitution; but that is not this statute.
Mr. CARPENTER. The only difference
between the two cases is that in the case the
Senator states it is the case of a State and in
the other of a city.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; the purpose
is entirely different. You must look at the
purpose and object of a law. The intent of
the law is what is to govern. What is the in-
tent of this statute? Is it the intention of the
bill we have under consideration, is it the
object of the bill to bring about inequality in
the importation of goods? Is that the design
of it on the part of anybody? Is that its pur-
pose? By no means. But in the case which
I put it would be the purpose of the statute
to evade the Constitution. It makes a very
great difference with what intent and purpose
' '  J and it is to be enforced
an act is  ,   - — — --  
according to its intent and purpose. _ I need
not quote to my learned friend from Wisconsin
the old statute of Rome, which punished a
man with death who drew blood in the street.
When the physician bled a man falling down
with apoplexy, was he to be punished with
death? Would the Senator from Wisconsin
have condemned him? Certainly not.
Mr. CARPENTER. My friend will allow
me to ask him one question. As a lawyer,
when he comes to see whether a particular act
is constitutional or not, does he not examine
that question by comparing its provisions with
the Constitution and not asking what the in-
tention of Congress was in passing it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. They may not have
known or believed or intended to violate the
Constitution; but the question is, have they
done it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President. I do look
at the purpose and intent and application of
the act. That is the way to determine whether
it is constitutional or not. When you look at
the purpose and the intent of this act you see
that it does not in spirit violate the Constitu-
tion. When you look at its words it certainly
does not violate the Constitution. There is
nothing in the terms of the proposed act vio-
lating the Federal Constitution, because there
is nothing in it about laying duties, and when
you ascertain that the Constitution is not vio-
lated in terms, I say it is proper to look to the
intent and design of the act, and there you
will find nothing that violates it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Chair deems it his
duty to announce that by unanimous consent
yesterday it was agreed that the vote should
be taken to-day on this bill and the amend-
ments at this hour.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the pending
question? „
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment reported by the Committee on finance
as a substitute for the bill has been agreed to
as in Cosnmittee of Whole. The bill is still in
Committee of the Whole, and may be amended
by way of addition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I desire to move to strike
out the third section of that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that might be done in the Senate, but
being an amendment to strike out that which
has been adopted in committee, it is hardly in
order now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is so.
Mr. SCOTT. I have an amendment to pro-
pose. I propose to insert in the first line of
the second section, after the word '• paid," the
words, "to persons whoso buildings were in-
jured or destroyed by said fire;" and, to make
the rest of the section conform, to insert, in
the third line, after the word "used," the words
"by them."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought there was an
amendment pending offered by the Senator
from Michigan last evening? .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that that was acted upon last night
and rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not refer to the
amendment of the Senatorfrom Michigan now
in his seat, [Mr. Ferry,] but the amendment
of the senior Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Chandler,] adding Peshtigo and some other
places.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the Senatorfrom Michigan
gave'uoticethat he would offer such an amend-
ment, but did not then offer it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was mistaken, then;
I thought it was offered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands this amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania to be to insert certain words
in the body of the text which has already been
agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I was uncertain whether the
amendment was in order at this time, or would
not be until we got into the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the amendment would be in order in
the Senate, but it is not in order at this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then let the bill be
reported to the Senate.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I have an
amendment to offer of which I gave notice. I
desire to strike out the second section and
insert what I send to the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Thatwill not be in order
until the bill gets into the Senate. The amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance has beeu
adopted in Committee of the Whole. Let the
bill be reported to the Senate.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I will withhold
the amendment until the bill -is reported to the
Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before concurringin that
amendment, I wish to move to amend it by strik
ing out the third section relating to suspend-
ing the collection of internal revenue taxes,
which I believe to be unconstitutional.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
informed that the first amendment offered was
the amendment of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I yieldwith pleasure to
the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Scott,] which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment,
which was in section two, line one, after the
word " paid," to insert the words "to persons
whose buildings were destroyed or injured by
said fireand after the word "used," in the
third line, to insert the words " by them so
that the clause will read:
That there shall be allowed and paid to persons
whose buildings were destroyed or injured by said
fire, under such regulations as the Secretary 01 toe
Treasury shall prescribe, on all materials imported
tobe and actually used by them in buildings erected
on the site of buildings burned by said fire, a draw-
back of the import duties paid on the same.
Mr. MORTON. Is it in order to say a word
ou this amendment ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not by the
unanimous agreement of the Senate, lhat
was the order last evening. The Chair does
not enforce these agreements of Senators.
They are binding only ilpon their own honor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is in order, but con-
trary to the understanding.
Mr. MORTON. I was not present when the
understanding was had.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CARPENTER. I call for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered. _
Mr. BLAIR. I am paired off on this bill
