1872 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
931
Commissioner of Patents, I suppose, put it on
this ground: that if an invention like that was
a valuable one, if he had remained at the North,
he might have made a sura sufficient to com
pensate him, and had no need to obtain an
extension ; and he wanted him to file an affi-
davit giving some reason why he absented
himself from the North during the war. He
was absent. His attorney addressed a letter
to him at hi^ last usual place of abode, or
wherever he supposed him to be ; that letter
did not reach him in time ; his brother, a man
whom I knew, who has been the district attor-
ney for fourteen or fifteen years in the csunty
in which I live, sent to the Commissioner of
Patents a statement showing the facts, but the
Commissioner would not accept this in place
of the man's own affidavit.
The committee are satisfied from the tes-
timony they had before them that he was a
loyal man during the war, and that if he had
been permitted to file this affidavit within the
time, there was no question butthepatent would
have been renewed. This bill is not to grant
an extension, but merely to give this party a
chance to be heard for a renewal of the patent.
It seems to me that this is one of the strongest
cases for relief which has been before the com-
mittee during the time I have been a member
of it. I trust there will be 110 objection to
the bill.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Is the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Brooks] aware how
far this patented improvementhas been brought
into use?
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I do not
think the improvement has been brought into
use to any considerable extent. Since the
war, Mr. Morse has had no opportunity to intro-
duce it, having neither sufficient money nor
means to enable him to do so.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I desire to ask
further if these fire-arms have been manu-
factured by any parties since the expiration of
the patent.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I have
not heard. But there is a proviso iu the bill
to protect any cases of that character.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. This man, hav-
ing had his patent for fourteen years, and hav-
ing staid at the South when he might have used
it at the North with advantage, if other parties
since the expiration of the patent have made
investments in good faith and got up establish-
ments to carry on the manufacture, it is only
right that an exception should be made in
their favor. It seems to me entirely unjustifi-
able to pass a bill for the renewal of a patent
which has expired by the lapse of time, on
which the party*has had a hearing and been
refused an extension, and on which other par-
ties have then gone forward in good faith and
made investments. It appears to me entirely
unjust thus to deprive these pax-ties of the
benefits of their investment. He had his patent
for fourteen years. He has had a hearing as
to whether that patent should be renewed, and
certainly, in view of these facts, if other parties
made investments, after this hearing, in the
manufacture of arms by this process, they
should notbedeprived of their rights. Unless,
therefore, the bill is amended so as to exempt
from liability those parties who have made
such investments since the expiration of the
patent, I shall feel compelled to vote against
the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I propounded a question
t.o the gentleman who reported this bill as to
the status of this patentee during the war. I
am assured by the remarks that he has made
that he was loyal at the beginning of the war,
and continued so during the war. That places
him in an attitude that almost requires us to
extend peculiar favor to him, situated as he
was in the southern country, with his family
and property and everything else there. It
is very easy to say that he ought to have gone
North, but it would have been more easily said
than done in those days. His conduct, instead
of being to his disadvantage, as the gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather] seems
to suppose, was really to his credit, and ought
to be held to counteract any seeming defeetin
his case. He belongs to a class of men whom
I had, during the war, abundant opportunity to
see and appreciate.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. In answer
to the question propounded by the gentleman
from Connecticut, 1 would say that he is mis-
taken as to a point of fact. He says that the
man has had the enjoyment of his patent for
fourteen years, that the patent has been ex-
tended ; but as a matter of fact he has not had
the use of it, for that length of time. As I
have already^ stated, from 185G up to the time
of the rebellion he had not got his invention
into use, and during the whole of the rebellion,
by reason of his being absent from the North,
and also by reason of his loyalty in not agree-
ing to manufacture arms for the South, he was
deprived of the use of it entirely during that
time, and he has been also nearly all the time
since.
Then, as to the statement that he has had a
hearing before the Commissioner, that is not
so. He filed his application and would have
had a hearing, but, as I stated before, within
six days before the time of the expiration of
the patent, he was met by this letter from the
Patent Office, saying that they wanted some
evidence showing why he had been absent
from the North during the war. Hero is the
proviso of the bill:
Provided, That 110 person shall be held liable for
the infringement of said patents if extended, or for
making use of said inventions smco the expiration
of tile original term of said pateuta and prior to date
of their extension.
Now, that proviso, it seems to me, would
be sufficiently strong to obviate the objection
suggested by the gentleman frotn Connecti-
cut. It. provides that no person shall be held
liable for an infringement of the patent, or
for making use of the same since the expira-
tion of the original patent. I would ask the
gentleman from Connecticut if he does not con-
sider that sufficient?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. As a matter of
principle, when patents are extended and par-
ties have invested money iu good faith in the
manufacture of the invention, there should be a
provision protecting them, and' allowing them
to continue the manufacture where they have
really invested their money in good faith. If
the gentleman will propose that amendment
I shall have no objection to the bill.
Mr. KELLOGCi. With the consent of my
colleague on the committee I offer the follow-
ing amendment as an additional proviso:
And provided further. That any person, firm, or
corporation now engaged in the manufacture of fire-
arms, using the said inventions, shai! be entitled to
use the same without liability during tho term of
said extension.
Mr. BANKS. There is no limit as to time
in that amendment. Its operation would be to
nullify altogether the extension of the patent.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I now
yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. L. Mys«.s,J the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Patents.
Mr. L. MYERS. I see no necessity for this
amendment of the gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Kellogg,] for 1 think the proviso already
on the bill is sufficient. This inventor has
never had that use of his inventions which the
patent laws intended he should have. He has
never had his fourteen years, and he has never
even had his chance to apply for the seven years'
extension which the lawsallow him. And why
not? Because he was in the South during the
war, and his invention had relation to fire-
arms. He was loyal to the Government of the
United States, and although approached by
the confederate government,, he did not choose
to sell his invention to that government. He
comcs here now and asks simply that he shall
have the right to apply to the Commissioner
of Patents, as if he had been here and made
application to obtain his seven years' exten-
sion. The committee have attached to the
bill a proviso that no one shall.be held respon-
sible in damages who between the expiration
of the patent and the time of the extension has
been using this improvement. Thesecondpro-
viso would nullify the bill, and prevent him
having the rights which the law guarantied to
him, and which nothing but the rebellion, and
his loyalty took away: it would be wrong to
say that his patents shall be used by anybody
who may see fit to use them. I hope this
amendment will not be insisted upon.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. In the last bill
passed by this House this same provision was
made. I have never known a case whore a
patent has expired and parties have made
investments in good faith, but what those par-
ties have been protected by provisions of this
kind. We have already done it this morning;
we have always done it, where parties have
gone forward in good faith and made their
investments.
Mr. L. MYERS. That is the proviso which
is already 011 this bill, inserted by the com-
mittee, and it is what was on the other bill.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The proviso in-
serted in this hill only protects parties from
prosecution for what they have already man-
ufactured; it does not provide that, having
made their investments in this manufacture,
they shall have the right to continue. One
word _ further. Let me read an extract from
a decision of the Commissioner of Patents in
regard to this question :
" In eases where patentees have abandoned their
patents to engage in the rebellion, and have spent
their time and efforts to destroy the Government,
which should have been devoted to the introduction
ot their inventions, the office has very properly
refused an extension."
That is the decision of the Commissioner on
Patents, that where a party has laid aside his
invention for the purpose of eugaging in other
business, or if the patent has expired and
other parties have invested their money in
good faith, those parties shall be protected.
That is precisely the amendment which my
colleague [Mr. Kellogg] has presented, and
I hope that we may have a vote on it.
Mr. L. MYERS. I will agree to that.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. It provides that
these parties shall be protected precisely as
parties are protected in the other bill which
we passed this morning, and not allow this
bill to pass in such a form as to render worth-
less all their investments.
Mr. L. MYERS. There is no objection to
having a vote on the amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG. I think the committee, if
I am not mistaken, has taken this groundj
that where a patent had expired and the in-
vention had been thrown open to the public,
and parties had in good faith gone into the
manufacture of the patented articles, they
should be permitted to go on with the manu-
facture during the extension of the patent.
And that is all that my amendment amounts
to. It only allows those who have invested
money in the manufacture of this invention to
continue to use that improvement. We had
that provision in the bill just passed, and we
have had the same provision in all similar
bills passed during the last week. I think
we should put the provision upon this bill as
well as upon the others.
Mr. BANKS. 'The argument of the gen-
tleman from Connecticut [Mr. Kellogg] is
different from his amendment. If his amend-
ment was limited to the use of the machinery
already constructed, it would be avery different
thing. But he limits it to the persons engaged
in the business, allowing them to continue the
manufacture to any extent they may please,
and being thus freed from the cost attending
the use of the patent, they could monopolize
all the business in the construction of these
arms. If it were limited to machinery already
constructed, it would be a very different thing.
Now, let me say, Mr. Speaker, that during
