1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
ing to the State of Missouri thirteen members,
enlarging to that extent the number of mem-
bers constituting the House of Representatives.
In these tables there also has been a mis-
take made in allotting the members to Arkan-
sas and Rhode Island; but in these cases Mr.
Cook was more accurate than the tables. He
has given to the State of Rhode Island two
members, and to the State of Arkansas the
number to which it is entitled by its fraction;
so that no correction of the bill is required in
respect to those two States. Now, by simply
amending Mr. Cook's bill so as to give the
State of Missouri thirteen members instead
of twelve, you have it mathematically correct.
In this way you make the aggregate number
of members two hundred and eighty-two in-
stead of two hundred and eighty-one ; and thus
you reach a number arithmetically as accurate
as it can be made.
There is nothing arbitrary about it, nothing
forced ; it is only the logic of figures and the
logic of population. That is all we ask. We
do not ask the benefit of any presumptions.
Presumptions should be indulged, if at all, in
favor of the newer States rather than the
older ones; for the newer States are not yet
full in respect to population, but will grow
during the next decade, as they have during
the last. If any presumptions are to be in-
dulged in favor of fractions in some States
while they are not indulged in favor of like
fractions in other States, those presumptions
should favor the new States rather than the
old ones, because the new States will come
up to their quota within the next one or two
years, while the old States will rather dimin-
ish in population. But we do not ask to be
favored by any such presumptions. We simply
ask that the logic of tbe increased population
of different States shall be enforced by law.
Mr. Cook, in framing this bill, did not arbi-
trarily make an iron bedstead for his State
and other States and then square figures and
fractions to correspond with his system ; but,
as nearly as he possibly could at that time,
before the tables were sufficiently made up,
or as accurately made up, perhaps, as they
have been since at the Census Bureau, he fol-
lowed the simple rules of arithmetic and
arrived at these results. I am sorry that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania should propose
the change which his bill embodies. It seems
to be a "drive" particularly at the State of
Illinois to deprive it of one member to which
it is entitled.
When I made the motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole I had not examined
these tables with reference to the State of
Missouri; my attention has been called to that
point since, and upon examination I think
that Missouri should have thirteen members
instead of twelve. I will make a motion to
amend the bill in that regard.
Mr. SHELLABARG-ER. There are two
questions I would like to ask the gentleman.
In the first place, I observe that, under the bill
which he advocates, Ohio, while it has a .pop-
ulation about one hundred and twenty-five
thousand greater than that of Illinois, gets the
same representation. How is that worked
out on the principles or the arithmetic of the
gentleman?
Let me ask the gent'eman from Illinois
another question for information. Is there
any deduction—I wish the gentleman's atten-
tion—is there any deduction made in this bill
for that portion of the male population of some
of the States over twenty-one years of age who
are deprived of the right of vote? Ought the
States to be given a full right without regard
to such deprivation?
Mr. FAKNSWORTH. I understand this
bill makes no provision for any such deduc-
tion.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. One more in-
quiry. We are required by the law to deduct
this element of exclusion when we have been
furnished by the Superintendent of the Census
with the number of those over twenty-one
years of age who are denied the right to vote.
Now, can we go forward and make an appor-
tionment in disregard of that fact?
Mr. FARNS WORTH. The gentleman from
Ohio who has put this question can answer
it himself as well as I can.
Mr. N1BLACK. I do not know that I can
yield much longer.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. As a member
of the Committee on the Ninth Census in the
Forty-First Congress, I had occasion to look
into this question, and a fact was brought out
in that investigation which, I believe, is not
generally understood by the members of this
House, that by the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution the basis of representation
has been radically changed. Formerly the
representative population of the United States
was the whole actual population. Under the
fourteenth amendment there was to bo sub-
tracted from the total population of each State,
in order to get the representative population,
a number to be ascertained as follows: all
male persons twenty-one years of age were to
be put down in one column, and in another all
male persons twenty-one years of age who were
denied the right to vote in any State for any
other cause than crime or participation in
the rebellion. Now, when those two sums were
found, the ratio they bore to each other was
the proportion to be subtracted from the total
population in order to get the representative
population. The committee then proceeded
to inquire what classes of persons were thus
denied the suffrage under State laws. I hold in
my hand the report of that committee, in which
it was shown what classes were excluded from
the suffrage in the different States, as follows :
Men were denied the suffrage: 1. On
account of race or color, in sixteen States; 2.
On account of residence on lands of United
States, two States: 3. On account of residence
less than required time in United States, two
States; 4. On account of residence in State
less than required time, six different specifica-
tions, thirty-six States; 4. On account of resi-
dence in county, city, town, district, &e., eight-
een different specifications, thirty-seven States;
5. Wanting property qualifications or non-
payment of taxes, eight specifications, eight
States; G. Wanting literary qualifications, two
specifications, two States; 7. On account of
character or behavior, two specifications, two
States; 8. On account of services in Army or
Navy, two States; 9. On account of pauper-
ism, idiocy, and insanity, seven specifications,
twenty-four States; 10. Requiring certain oaths
as preliminary to voting, two specifications,
five States; 11. Other causes of exclusion, two
specifications, two States.
Here are eleven classes of causes why male
citizens were excluded from the right to vote
on other accounts than crime or participation
in the rebellion. How to find out what was in
fact the representative population of each was
a difficult question, and the committee finally
concluded to recommend, and did recommend,
and it was carried into the census taken last
year, that there should be two columns set
down in the census table, putting into the first
column the number of all male persons twenty-
one years of age, and in the second the num-
ber of all male persons twenty-oue years of
age who were excluded from the suffrage on
any other ground than crime or participation
in the rebellion. Those two columns would
show two suras whose ratio would be the per
cent, to be subtracted from the actual popula-
tion in order to give the representative popu-
lation.
Now, I understand that this calculation has
not yet been made in the Census Office, and
of course the result does not appear either
in the table before us or in the two bills now
under consideration. In tbe State of Massa-
chusetts, for example, people are deprived of
the suffrage on account of inability to read
and write. All such persons, under the con-
stitutional amendment which I have indicated,
must be subtracted from the total population
of Massachusetts before we can know what is
her representative population. If in the
southern States men are still denied the right
to vote in consequence of race or color, or
for lack of property qualification, their total
must be reduced accordingly. I do not know
how large the sum to be subtracted is in any
State. I am aware that the facts were very
difficult to ascertain, and perhaps the results
may not change the number of Represent-
atives in any State; but it is clear that we
ought to have all the facts before we proceed
to fix the relative numbers of Representatives
of the States. The Census Office should be
called on for a report on this subject as the
first step in this legislation. I desire at this
time only to state the case as it stands, that
the House may act intelligently.
Mr. NIBLACK. I now resume the floor,
and move that the committee rise.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman, before making that motion, allow
me to offer an amendment for the purpose of
having it printed?
Mr. NIBLACK. I yield to the gentleman
for that purpose.
The amendment was read. It proposes to
add, as an additional section, the following:
That the election of all Representatives in Con-
gress shall be held on the first Tuesday after the first
Monday of November of each alternate year, except
in cases of special elections ordered to fill a vacancy.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. NIBLACK. I now insist on my motion.
Mr. CREBS. Will the gentleman allow me
to offer an amendment to-morrow?
Mr. NIBLACK. I propose to offer an
amendment to-morrow myself.
The motion that the committee rise was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose: and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Brp-
fixtox reported that, according to order, the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly the special order,
being House bill No. 243, for the apportion-
ment of Representative? to Congress among the
several States according to the ninth census.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent,
Mr. BECK obtained leave of absence for ten
days.
Mr. RITCHIE obtained leave of absence
for a like period.
Mr. COX obtained leave of absence until
Monday next.
Mr. ST. JOHN, on account of sickness,
obtained indefinite leave of absence.
Mr. VOORHEES obtained leave of absence
for one week.
withdrawal of paters.
Mr. BEATI5T by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House the papers in the case of J. B. W.
Haynes.
excused from committee service.
Mr. LYNCH asked to be excused from serv-
ing on the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
There was no objection, and it was so or-
dered.
THANKSGIVING DAY.
Mr. PERCE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. li. No. 474) to make Thanks-
giving Day a national holiday; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Education and Labor.
fourteenth amendment.
Mr. WHITELEY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. B. No. 50)
•as to the enforcement of the second section of
the fourteenth amendment : which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Cora-
