86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
SBLAH V. REEVE.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 475) for the relief
of Selah V. Reeve; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
RECONSIDERATION OF REFERENCES.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider all
references of bills and resolutions made to-day ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. DICKEY, (at
four o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, aud referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
S. Agier Chace and 16 others, trustees of the
Five-Cent Savings Institution of Fall River,
Massachusetts, praying for the repeal of the
internal tax on savings banks.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee: The peti-
tion of Jacob F. Broyles, of Washington
county, Tennessee, praying to be released from
his political disabilities.
Also, the petition of Charles M. Meek, of
Jonesboro', Tennessee, praying to be relieved
of his political disabilities.
By Mr. COX: The petition of Elizabeth
Herzberger, for arrears of pension, &c.
By Mr. DONNAN : The petition of James
H. Felt, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Paul Adams and others, citizens of
Massachusetts, for the prompt repeal of the
tax on deposits in savings institutions.
By Mr. NEGLEY: The petition of L. H.
Potterfield, of Loudoun county, Virginia, for
relief.
By Mr. TWICHELL: The petition of Elliott
Five-Cent Savings Bank and other institutions
for savings, for repeal of tax on deposits.
Also, the petition of the Provident Institu-
tion for Savings in the town of Boston, for the
same purpose.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
The following papers were withdrawn from
the files of the House, and referred under the
rules:
By Mr. ARCHER: The papers of the
Association of the Roman Catholic Clergy of
Maryland, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 7, 1871.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D., Chap-
lain of the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
Hon. J. \V. Fjuaxauan, from the State of
Texas, appeared in his seat to-day.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of March 20, 1871,
a letter of the Superintendent of the Census,
transmitting a report of the number of per-
sons employed in obtaining the ninth census,
the time employed, the amount paid to esch,
&c.; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolu-
tions of the Union Merchants' Exchauge, of
St. Louis, Missouri, indorsing the policy sug-
gested by the Secretary of the Navy, and
recommended to Congress, as to accepting the
proposal of the International Steamship Com-
pany for the creation of American steamship-
building works for the construction of ocean
steamers ; in favor of aid in a similar manner
to the Western Iron Steamboat-Building Com-
pany ; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I present
a petition which is described as twenty-one feet,
and a half long, but it is very brief, and I will
read it. It is as follows:
" The undersigned, tax-payers residing in Boston,
county of Suffolk, State of Massachusetts, respect-
fully pray that the duty on salt be abolished."
As I believe there is a bill from the other
House on that subject now before the Senate,
I move that the petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I will also present a peti-
tion from colored citizens of Albany, New
York, which I will read:
"The undersigned, citizens of the city of Albany,
New York, respectfully petition your honorable
body to pass the bill now before the Senate, known
as Senator Sumner's supplementary bill to the civil
rights bill. We ask it because we are the subjects
of the injustice it designs to reach and affect, and
because the end is desirable for the sake of consist-
ency, and because without it the thirteenth, four-
teenth, and fifteenth amendments to the Constitution
fall short of their full effects and benefits."
I have already presented during this session
one petition of this character from the colored
citizens of Brooklyn, New York. This is from
Albany, New York. I have numerous letters
from different parts of the country showing
that the colored people are justly aroused on
this question. I am not astonished. We are
told that—
" Who would be free, themselves must strike the
blow."
And I think that the colorcd people owe it to
themselves, owe it to the great cause through
which they have been enfranchised, to insist
by petition, and in every possible way, that
equal rights shall at last be established through-
out the country. Until they are secured in all
institutions established or regulated by law,
much remains to be done. As this subject is
before the Senate, I ask that the petition lie
on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) _ That order will be made,
if there be no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I would say, Mr. President,
that it seems to me the Senate cannot do better
than to proceed at once to the consideration of
the supplementary bill now on our Calendar
to carry out the prayer of these petitioners.
I think if Congress would make a Christmas
present to the colored citizens of the United
States of the rights secured by that bill it
would be one of the greatest Christmas pres-
ents in all human history. I wish that the
Congress might be so inspired.
I now present, sir, another petition, which
is from Sherman W. Adams, of Hartford,
Connecticut, in which he asks Congress to
assume a supervising control over railroads in
the United States, when such railroads are not
local in their nature; and he sets forth his
reasons at some length. I move that this
petition for the present lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I present a memorial of
several booksellers, publishers, and job print-
ers at Biughamton, New York, manufactur-
ers of envelopes, who represent that the Gov-
ernment is delivering envelopes free through
the mails at a loss to the Post Office Depart-
ment in the year 1869 of $134,489 70, and
that it cannot fall short of $200,000 during
the present year. They protest against this
practice of the Government,- and ask for the
abolition or repeal of the law authorizing it.
I move that the memorial lie on the table for
the present.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I present a petition signed
by a large number of wounded soldiers at the
National Asylum at Dayton, Ohio, asking for
a modification of the pension laws and a clas-
sification of those laws. As the committees
have not yet been appointed, I move that the
petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON. I present a memorial
from printers and stationers, manufacturers of
envelopes, in Manchester, New Hampshire,
similar to that just presented Hy the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Fenton,] and I move
that it be laid on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWNLOW asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 340) fixing the salaries of certain
officers; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask leave to introduce
a bill without previous notice. It is a bill to
reduce the rates of compensation by telegraph
and connect the telegraph with the postal
service. A bill not precisely in this form,
but a bill containing the substance of this, was
before the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads at the last Congress. It was re-
ceived favorably by the majority of the com-
mittee, but Congress took no action upon it.
The bill has been modified somewhat. It is
not original with me. It is supposed now to
contain the views of those who desire to con-
nect the telegraph with the postal service of
the country, and it is with an earnest effort in
that direction that I offer this bill. I ask that
it may be read the first and second times, and
ordered to be printed, and that it lie on the
table for the present, to be referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
when appointed.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 341) to reduce the
rates of correspondence by telegraph, and to
connect the telegraph with the postal service;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask leave, without.previous
notice, to introduce a bill to regulate the pay
of commanding officers in the Navy. I will
state that I introduce this bill at the request
of a large number of commanding officers,
whose names are attached to the petition that
I presented yesterday.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 342) to regulate
the pay of commanding officers in the Navy;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
NOTICES Of BILLS.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to give notieethat
I shall on to-morrow or some subsequent
day—probably to-morrow—introduce a bill
to reduce internal revenue taxes and to abol-
ish the office of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. It will be observed that the Presi-
dent and the Secretary of the Treasury have
already recommended the reduction of all the
internal revenue taxes, except those on spirits,
tobacco, cigars, and malt liquors ; but they
make no recommendation with regard to the
machinery of the office. It seems to me that
the time has come when the office can be dis-
pensed with, at the same time that the country
is relieved of the taxes. I have prepared a
bill with that view, which, with the permis-
sion of the Senate, I shall present to-mor-
row.
Mr. CRAGIN. I wish to give notice that
on to-morrow, or some subsequent day, I shall
introduce a bill to reduce and fix the number
of officers in the various grades of the Navy,
and for other purposes.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
