S620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
ject to the approval of the chief of the corps
of engineers, to adjust and pay, out of any
money appropriated for the improvement of
the canal, to Sa-muel Black and Albert R.
Cooper any legal or equitable claim they may
have against the United States arising out of
their contract to perform work on*the im-
provement of the canal in 1870 and 1871,
provided that there shall not be paid to
them, in any event, over $20,000, nor more
under that sum than, together with any sums
already paid to them on account of the con-
tract and work, shall be equal to the fair and
reasonable value to the Government of the
work done by thera for the Government under
the contract.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would like to
liear some explanation of this bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. There were cer-
tain allowances made to Messrs. Black & Co.
for losses that have occurred to them growing
out of a misapprehension of the nature of the
work to be done on the Louisville canal at the
time the contract was taken. When the con-
tract was made the canal was filled with water,
and it was found impossible to estimate with
correctness the character of the work to be
done. The engineers and parties judged, from
work that had previously been done, about
what it would be; and upon the best investi-
gation that could be made the bids were sub-
mitted and the contract was taken. However,
when the work came to be done, it was found
that it was of a very different character from
what had been supposed, that both the engi-
neer and the contractor had mistaken the work
altogether. It was found that certain old roots
and stones that had been thrown over behind
the old bank of the canal had to be removed,
and that the removal was very difficult and
expensive.
These gentlemen suffered a very heavy loss,
and they will be utterly ruined unless they are
granted some relief. General Weitzel, during
the progress of the work, applied to General
Humphreys, the chief of his department, for
leave to pay them something additional. He
says they are very reputable men, good con-
tractors; they have suffered very much iu con-
sequence of not knowing anything of what
the work was, when the job was undertaken.
I will say in addition that last year there
was precisely suek a bill as this before the
Committee on Appropriations, and upon look-
ing it over the committee thought unanimously
that it would bo proper to grant the relief asked,
and I hope the House will grant it. The gen-
tleman from Indiaua [Mr. Kkkr] is very
familiar with this work, and perhaps would
desire to explain this bill to some extent.
Mr. KERR. I would like to say a few
words in reference to this bill. For twenty-
three 5ears I have lesided in the viciuiry of
this canal. I think 1 have walked a thousand
times along its banks. I know personally by
close observation, made alone and iu company
with General Weitzel, who has had this work
in charge, all about the location of the par-
ticular work now in question, the nature of
the soil, and the deposit of rocks in which it
was dug. Since the prosecution of this work
was commenced,•! have learned from General
Weitzel, who has had charge of it, and who is
my neighbor, all about the conduct of these
gentlemen who haye had this contract. From
first to last he has represented them to me, as
he now does officially to this House, to be as
faithful and upright contractors as any he ever
had to do work under him. Soon after this
contract was made, the fact was developed
that it was impossible for these gentlemen at
the price they were receiving to go on and
complete their contract without manifest and
inevitable loss. With thatfact staring them in
the face, unlike contractors generally, they did
go on, with ruin before them; they borrowed
money and completed the work, losing the
amount stated by the chairman.
They were induced to make the contract as
they did by the specifications made by the en-
gineer himself, an exceedingly efficient officer.
His mistake arose out of the fact, not fully
stated by the chairman, that the deposit on one
side of this canal, in which the earth excava-
tion was to be made, was different from what
it was supposed to be. It was supposed to be
ordinary earth. But when the original canal
was made, there was filled in near the walls
of the canal and where this contract applied,
a lot of rocks, broken stones, and other dgbris,
making an artificial formation. The contract-
ors supposed it was all clay, common earth,
that they had to dig through. The difference
in the character of the deposit there made a
great part of the difference in the expense of
the work, and hence the result of which the
chairman has spoken.
These contractors throughout the entire
work acted in the utmost good faith. They
did their work well, and as cheaply as they
could. The loss was simply unavoidable. I
think, then, that if there ever came before this
House a claim addressing itself clearly to the
justice of this body it is the claim now under
consideration. I believe that in every cent
and farthing it is unquestionably just and
equitable, and should be adjusted as the bill
proposes. But besides this character of the
claim, the bill is so guarded that not a cent
can be paid these gentlemen unless it shall be
made to appear to the engineer in charge and
to the chief of the engineer corps that the
work done by these men is in truth an(l fact
worth as much to the Government as the total
cost of it will amount to ; so that the Govern-
ment will in any event only pay for what it has
received the reasonable value of.
I will also remark that the manner in which
this bill is drafted by the committee makes it
entirely impossible that any injustice to the
Government shall be done, because the pro-
ceedings must meet the approval both of the
engineer and of General Humphreys, the chief
of the bureau, so that the interests of the
Government in the premises are fully guarded.
I hope the bill will be passed.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly road the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMiiS A. DREW AND OTHERS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan also reported
from the Committee of Claims a bill (II. It.
No. 2780) for the relief of James A. Drew
and others; which was read a first and second
Lime.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
requires the Secretary of the Treasury to pay,
out of any money iu the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to the Governor for the timebeing
of the State of Maine the sum of $21,430, to
be used by him in paying the claims of James
A. Drew and others, owners of land on the
northeastern boundary of that State, taken
from them and ceded to Great Britain by the
treaty of Washington; such payment to be
made in pursuance of a "resolve in favor of
the owners of lands taken by the United
States and ceded to Great Britain," adopted
by the Legislature of Maine, and approved
February 24, 1869. The payment is to be
in full discharge of all claims against the
United States on account of the lands herein
referred to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIU, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HARLOW J. PHELPS AND COMPANY.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, also reported
from the Committee of Claims a bill (H. R.
No. 2787) for the relief of Harlow J. Phelps
& Co.; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill authorizes Harlow J. Phelps & Co.,
of New Orleans, to commence a suit against
the United States in the Court of Claims for
the recovery of $41,974 48, claimed by Phelps
& Co. to have been illegally collected from
them on certain cotton at New Orleans on the
15th, 20th, 21st, and 23d of June, 1865; and
the court is invested with full power and
authority to hear and determine the validity
of the claim and the amount, if any, that
Phelps & Co. shall be entitled to recover from
the United States.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIK SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sos, one of its clerks, announced that tho
Senate insisted on its amendments disagreed
to by the House to the bill (H. It. No. 183) to
authorize the Secretary of the Interior to make
partition of the reservation to Me-shin-go me-
sia, a Miami Indian, agreed to the conference
asked by the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Haklan, Mr. Pratt, and Mr. Stevenson,
managers of the confereuce on the part of the
Senate.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate bad passed bills of the House of the follow-
ing titles, severally with amendments ; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
A bill (H. R. No. 2565) to provide for the
issue of bonds in lieu of destroyed or defaced
bonds of the United States ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1094) for the relief of
Charles A. Weidner.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 545) for the
relief of Thomas B. Stewart and Alexander
McConn, of West Virginia, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
RICHARD R. BOI.LING.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, fi-om the same
committee, also reported a bill (H. R. No.
2788) for the relief of Richard R. Boiling;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury be
authorized and directed to adjust and settle
the accounts of Richard R. Boiling, late sur-
veyor of customs and United States depositary
at Louisville, Kentucky, and credit him with
the sum of $23,838 77, the amount of Gov-
ernment funds embezzled and stolen from him
without his default while holding those offices
during the years 1867 and 1868.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EDMUND JUSSEN.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, from the same
committee, also reported back a bill (H. R.
No. 2291) for the relief of Edmund Jussen,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
accounting officers of the Treasury be author
ized and directed to transfer any indebted-
