1828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
with my colleague, Mr. Schurz. I am in
favor of some of these amendments, believing
they improve tlie bill, but as I do not know
how he would vote upon them, I shall decline
to vote.
Mr. GOLDTHWAITE. I am paired on
this question with the Senator from Louis-
iana, Mr. Wbst. He would vote in favor of
this amendment,, and I should vote against it.
Mr. NYE. 1 am paired on this subject
with the Senator from Rhode Island,'Mr.
Sprague.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I am paired
on this bill with the Senator from Iowa, Mr.
Harlan.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 22 ; as follows :
lgan, .brelinghuysen, Uilbert, Hamilton of Maryland,
Howe, Johnston, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nor-
wood, Saulsbury, Scott, Sherman, and Stevenson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Caldwell,
Cooper, Edmunds, Fenton, Hamlin, Hill, Hitch-
cock, Logan, Osborn, Pomeroy, Kamsey, Rice, Rob-
ertson, Sawyer, Spencer, Sumner, Trumbull,Vickers.
Windom, and Wright—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Brown-
jow. Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly, Clayton, Colo,
Corbett, Davis ot Kentucky, Ferry of Connecticut,
Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan,
Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Nye. Pat-
terson, Pool, Pratt, Schura, Sprague, Stewart, Stock-
ton, Thurman, Tipton, West, and Wilson—32.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. PERRY, of Michigan. I move to
amend the second section by inserting after
the word "fire," inline five, the words "or
erected on any lot in Chicago by persons who
suffered material loss therebyso that it will
read:
That there shall bo allowed and paid, under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
prescribe, on all materials imported to be and ac-
tually used in buildings erected on the site of build-
ings burned by said fire, or erected on any lot in Chi-
cago by persons who suffered material loss thereby,
a drawback of the import duties paid on the same.
Mr. LOGAN. That applies to the whole
of Chicago, as [ understand.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I ask for the
yeas and nays ou the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BLAIR. I am paired off with my col-
igue, Mr. Schurz, on this bill.
Mr. GOLDTHWAITE. I am paired with
the Senator from Louisiana, Mr. West. If he
were present he would vote against this amend-
ment, and I should vote for it.
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to announce
that the Senator from Wisconsin, Mr. Howe,
and the Senator from Maine, Mr. Hamlin, are
paired. The Senator from Wisconsin, I infer,
would vote for this amendment, aud the Sen-
ator from Maine against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 24 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony. Carpenter,
Chandler, Conkling, Davis of West Virginia, Ed-
munds, Eerry of Michigan, Gilbert, Goldthwaite,
Johnston, Morrill of Vermont, Scott, and Steven-
son—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Caldwell. Cooper, Fen-
ton, irelinghuysen, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill,
Hitchcock, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Os-
born, Pomeroy, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Saw-
yer, taherman, Spencer, Sumner, Trumbull, Vickers,
vVindom, and Wright—24.
ABSENT —Messrs. Ames. Bayard, Blair, Brown-
low Buckingham, Cameron. Casserly, Clayton, Cole,
Corbett, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Harlan. Howe, Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis, Norwood,
Nye, Patterson, Pool, Pratt. Ramsey, Schurz,
Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, West,
and Wilson—35.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend by
striking out the third section suspending the
collection of internal taxes, which seems to
me to be cleariv unconstitutional.
Mr. MORTON. Let that section be re-
ported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 3. That the Commissioner of Internal Ilevo-
#me is hereby authorised to suspend the collection
of such taxes as may have been assessed, or as may
have accrued, prior to the 9th of October. 1871, in the
first collection district of the State oflliinois, against
any person residing or doing business and owning
property in that portion of the city of Chicago re-
cently destroyed by fire, and who, in the opinion of
said Commissioner, has suffered material loss by
such fire: Provided, That such suspension shall not
bo continued after the close of the next regular ses-
sion of Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 am paired with my col-
league on this bill. If I were not paired I
should vote for this amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 23 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony. Carpenter.
Chandler, Conkling, Davis of West Virginia, Ed-
munds, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Johnston,
Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Saulsbury, Steven-
son. and Stockton—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Caldwell, Cooper, Een-
ton, Perry of Michigan, Hill, Hitchcock, Kelly,
Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy,
Rice. Robertson, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman. Sum-
ner, Trumbull, Vickers, Windom, and Wright—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Brown-
low. Buckingham.Cameron. Casserly, Clayton, Cole,
Corbett, Cragin. Davis of Kentucky, Perry of Con-
necticut, Flanagan, Prelmghuysen, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,Harlan, Howe, Kellogg,
Lewis, Nye, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Schurz,
Spencer, Spiague, Stewart, Thurman, Tipton, West,
and Wilson—35.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I move to
strike out the second section, and to insert in
lieu thereof—
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby authorized andrequired to refund, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to tho sufferers by the Chicago fire aforesaid, the
amount of duties paid upon imported goods held at
the time and destroyed by said fire: Provided, That
such persons shall, under such regulations as the
Secretary shall prescribe, prove, by oath or other-
wise, to his satisfaction that said duties to be re-
funded hereunder were properly paid.
On that I ask for the yeas and nay,-).
The yeas and nays were orderedand being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 29 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Caldwell, Car-
penter, Chandler, Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert, John-
ston, and Scott—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Cooper, Davis of West
Virginia, Edmunds, Fenton, Frelinghuysen, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Hill, Hitchcock, Kelly, Logan,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norwood, Osborn, Pom-
eroy, Rice. Robertson,Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sherman,
Spencer, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Trumbull,
Vickers. Windom, and Wright—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly, Clayton-Cole,
Conkling, Corbett. Cragin, Davis of Kentuoky, Ferry
of Connecticut, Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Hamilton
of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Kellogg, Lewis
Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson, Pool, Pratt,
Ramsey, Schurz, Sprague. Stewart. Thurman, Tip-
ton, West, and Wilson—35.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The\ ICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on concurring in the amendment made by
the^ Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is now
open to further amendment by way of addi-
tion. If no amendment be moved, the ques-
tion is on ordering the amendment which has
been made to be engrossed, and the bill to be
read a third time. 1
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read the third time. The bill
was read the third time.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the veas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BLAIR. I am paired on this question
with my colleague. I should vote against the
bill, and he would vote for it.
Mr, GOLDTHWAITE. Iam paired with
the Senator from Louisiana, Mr. Wjsst. who
would have voted "nay," while I should vote
"yea," if be were present.
Air. HAMILION. of Texas. I am paired
with the senior Senator from Iowa, Mr. Har-
lan. If he were here he would vote for the
bill, and I should vote against it.
Mr. CARPENTER. My colleague, _ Mr.
Howe, who would vote " nay " on this bill, is
paired with the Senator from Maine, Mr.
Hamliu, who would vote "yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 17; as tollows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Caldwell, Fenton, Hill,
Hitchcock, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Os-
born, Pomeroy, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer, Sherman,
Spencer, Sumner, Trumbull, Vickers, Windom, and
Wright—20.
NaYS — Messrs. Alcorn, Carpenter, Chandler,
Cooper, Davis of WestVirginia., Edmunds, Ferry of
Miehgan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Maryland, Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Saulsbury,
Scott, Stevenson, and Stockton—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames. Anthony, Bayard. I'lair,
Brownlovv, Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly, Clay-
ton, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan. Goldthwa ite,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Eowo, Kel-
logg, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson,
Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Schurz. Sprague, Stewart,
Thurman, Tipton, West, and Wilson—36.
So the bill was passed.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2034) for the relief of
Edward G. Allen, of London, England, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles,, and referred to the Committee
on Claims:
A bill (H. R. No. 101) for the relief of P.
B. Brayton;
A bill (H. R. No. 1094) for the relief of
Charles A. Weidner;
A bill (H. R. No. 1261) for the relief of
Thomas D. West, of Sandusky, in the State of
Ohio;
A bill (H. R. No. 1288) for the relief of
Sluman S. Bailey, collector of internal revenue
for the fourth district of Michigan ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1700) for the relief of
Battelle & Evans ;
^A .bill (H. R. No. 2027) for the relief of
William Howard ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2028) for tho relief of
William Stoddard, late assistant quartermaster
United States volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 2029) for the relief of
Charles H. Thompson, of New Orleans, Louis
iana;
A bill (H. R. No. 2030) for the relief of
WyllyWoodbridge;
A bill (H. R. No. 2031) for the relief of
Peck, Van Horn & Co ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2032) for the relief of
John H. McQuown, of Illinois;
A bill (H. K. No. 2033) for the relief of
B. C. Bailey;
A bill (H. R. No. 2036) for the relief of
James A. Bell;
A bill (H. R. No. 2037) for tho relief of
Alpheus iorbes, late pension agent in the city
of New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 2038) for the relief of
William M. Stafford, late acting district attor-
ney for Montana Territory;
A bill (H. R. No. 2039) for the relief of
Joseph Westcott, of Portland, Maine;
A bill (H. R. No. 2040) for the relief of
Redick McKee;
, 4',^' ( 2041) for the relief of the
children of John M. Baker; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2042) for the relief of
Dannie M. Jackson, of Tennessee.
mississippi river bridges.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. As-
tiiony) laid before the Senate the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 547) to authorize the construction
of a bridge across the Mississippi river at or
near the town of Clinton, in the State of Iowa,
and other bridges across said river, and to
establish them as post roads.
_Mr. WRIGHT. The House of Represent-
atives have returned that bill with two or
three amendments, which are merely verbal,
aim 1 ask that they may be concurred in.
The Chief Clerk read the amendments, which
were m section five, line one, after the word
