932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
the war I knew this claimant in the territory
of the enemy. He was accounted a friend
of the Government; I never heard any other
sentiment concerning him, and I know, so far
as I had any intercourse with him, that he
was kindly disposed toward the Government—
willing to render it any aid in his power. He
had, it seems, made an important invention,
of which he was never able to avail himself
on account of the war and on account of his
friendship to the Government. Certainly we
ought to give him the same advantage which
is given to all other patentees on account of
the discoveries which they have made.
Mr. KELLOGG. We propose to give this
party the same advantage that we have given
to Mrs. Trapp. who is to receive an extension
by the bill we passed this morning; the same
advantage we have given to other parties in
bills of this character. We propose to protect
those who have already invested their money
in machinery, that they may continue to use it
during -the term of the extension. That is all
we propose to do.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is not the amendment
proposed to this bill identically the same as
the proviso which was appended to the bill last
passed?
Mr. KELLOGG. Certainly; it is the same
which I proposed and the House adopted as
an amendment to Mrs. Trapp's bill.
Mr. L. MYERS. I wish to make a sugges-
tion which I think will obviate this difficulty.
As at present framed the proviso is certainly
liable to the objection stated by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.] I think it
would be acceptable with the insertion of the
words, "the use of the machinery already
erected by them for the same."
Mr. BANKS. That is fair. That is what
was contemplated by the argument of the gen-
tleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Kellogq.]
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the amendment will be modified as suggested
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. L.
Myers.]
There being no objection, the amendment
was so modified; and as modified was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and beivio;
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
charles p. S. wardwell.
Mr. HIBBARD, from the Committee on
Patents, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that it pass, the bill (H. R. No. 904) for
the relief of Charles P. S. Wardwell.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Commissioner of Patents to entertain, con-
sider, and decide upon the application of
Charles P. S. Wardwell for extension of letters-
patent granted to Wardwell for an " improved
circular-saw machine or bench," bearing date
March 10, 1857, in the same manner, upon the
same evidence, and to the same effect as if the
application had been filed in due form and
within the time prescribed by law. But the
application is to be made within sixty days
from the approval of this act by both Houses
of Congress; and nothing herein is to be so
construed as to hold responsible in damages
any person who may have manufactured, ap-
plied, or used the improvement between the
expiration of the patent and the approval of
this act.
Mr. MAYNARD. There is a verbal inac-
curacy m the bill. The phrase " sixty days
irom the approval of this act by both Houses
ot Congress" should be "sixty days from the
passage of this act."
, HIBBARD. I am perfectly willing the
bill shall be modified in the manner suggested
by the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the modification will be made.
There was no objection.
The report, which was read, states that
letters-patent for an improved circular-saw
machine or bench were issued to Wardwell,
a resident of Lake village, New Hampshire,
on the 10th day of March, 1857. During the
continuance of the patent, and several years
before its expiration, Mr. Wardwell entered
into an arrangement with James Goodrich,
of Fitchburg, Massachusetts, to manufacture
machines during the original term of the
patent, and also during the term of its exten-
sion, in case it should be extended, and also
that Goodrich should pay the expense of pro-
curing the extension. Wardwell, about four
months before the patent expired, prepared
the necessary papers for making application
for an extension of his patent, and forwarded
them to Mr. Goodrich, to be sent by him, with
the necessary fee, to the Commissioner of
Patents. Goodrich was at that time sick, and
in consequence of his sickness the application
and fee were not forwarded to the Commis-
sioner until five days subsequent to the time
prescribed bylaw, namely, "ninety days before
the expiration of the patent." The committee
are of opinion that the omission to forward
said application and fees within the period
prescribed by law was the result of accident
and misfortune, and that the application is
entitled to the relief provided for in the bill,
and recommend its passage.
Mr. HIBBARD. The suggestion of the
gentleman from Tennessee is obviously a
proper one, and the amendment ought to be
adopted.
_ The SPEAKER.. There being no objec-
tion, the amendment will be considered as
agreed to.
The bill, as amended, waa ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HIBBARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed without
amendment a bill (H. R. No. 1340) for the
relief of Alexander Smith and Halcyon Skinner.
.It further announced that the Senate had
passed bills of the following titles, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
A. bill (S. N o. 820) to authorize the restor-
ation of Gilbert Morton to the naval service ;
A bill (S. No. 353) to restore the records
of the United States in the northern district
of Illinois;
A bill (S. No. 588) to amend an act entitled
' An act to provide for the redemption of the
three per cent, temporary loan certificates,
and for an increase of national bank notes "
approved July 12, 1870; and '
A bill (S. No. 611) to continue the act to
authorize the settlement of the accounts of
officers of the Army and Navy.
tinsley, van horn and company, etc.
Mr. STRONG, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 847)
for the relief of Tinsley, Van Horn & Co.,
Glenn, Overall A Clark, and J. N. Henderson
& Co., of Louisiana, Missouri, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
'J he bill, which was read, authorizes the
becretary of the Treasury to investigate the
claims of Tinsley, Van Horn & Co., Glenn
Overall & Clark, and James N. Henderson
& Co., tobacconists, of the city of Louisiana,
Missouri, for the abatement and remission of
certain taxes assessed agai.ist them for the
months of October and November, 1867, and
to abate and remit, in whole or in part, as
he may think just, the taxes so assessed against
the firms upon their property destroyed by fire
on the 15th day of November, 1867.
Mr. STRONG. Mr. Speaker, that bill waa
reported by the Committee of Claims during
the last Congress, and was passed by the House,
but failed in the Senate for want of time to
give it due consideration. The facts are that
this city of Louisiana, in Missouri, wag burned
up almost entirely, and in these warehouses,
without any fault on the part of these parties,
there was also consumed a large amount of cot-
ton. The tax, of course, had been assessed, or
rather the owners were liable for the payment
of the tax ; and if compelled to pay it in addition
to the loss of their tobacco, which was the losa
of nearly all their property, they would be
bankrupt. The committee thought it was right
they should be relieved from the payment of
the tax on the property destroyed by fire; at
all events, they thought it entirely safe to leave
the matter to the discretion of the Secretary
of the Treasury, to abate such portion of it as
he thought equitable and just. 1 move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded aud
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
charles h. mallory and company
Mr. STRONG also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. E. No. 1419) for the
relief of Charles H. Mallory A Co., of New
York; which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed aud read a third time.
The bill was read. It proposes to appro-
priate the sum of $4,160 out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
pay C. H. Mallory & Co. the amount awarded
by a board of officers appointed as a court of
inquiry by special order of the War Depart-
ment, Adjutant General's office, No. 617,
dated December 13, 1866.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I now yield to
my colleague on the committee, the gentleman
xrom Alabama, [Mr. Buckley.]
people's savings institution of st. louis.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely on the petition of the
People's Savings Institution of St. Louis, Mis-
souri, for the payment- of certain quarter-
masters' vouchers ; and moved that the same
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
letitia jett.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I am instructed by the
Committee of Claims to report back the peti-
t10!! Jett> administratrix of G. H.
' °t -franklin county, Kentucky, praying for
compensation for taking the census of Frank-
lin county, Kentucky, in i860; and I move
that the committee be discharged from the
p? °on"d®ratipn °f the petition, and that
the Clerk of the House do transmit it to the
superintendent of the Census. As this is a
matter which does not require the action of
ongress, the memorial properly belongs to
the Interior Department.
^r; ®kAIR, ot Michigan. I would suggest
that the proper course would be to lay the
memorial on the table.
