1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3621
ness in the revenue account of Edmund Jus-
sen, late collector of internal revenue at Chi-
cago, Illinois, arising from the loss or destruc-
tion or non-taking of certain warehouse bonds
from the distillery of Haas & Powell before
the same was destroyed by fire, to the revenue
account of his successor in office.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a thii-d time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by whicli the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN J. SMITII.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, from the same
committee, also reported a bill (H. R. No.
2789) for the relief of John J. Smith; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be authorized and
directed to pay out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated to John J.
Smilh, of Vicksburg, Mississippi, thesumof
$900 97, which shall be in full discharge ot' all
claims against the United States Government
on account of seven bales of cotton turned
over to a Government purchasing agent on
the 14th day of June, 1805, in consideration
of a license from the Government to trans-
port twenty-one bales of coton to the loyal
States under the Treasury regulations pre-
scribed under the eighth section of the act of
Congress, approved July 2, 1864.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
B. O. PRESSLEY.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, from the same
committee, also reported back a bill (S. No.
685) lor the relief of B. C. Pressley, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be directed, in set-
tling the accounts of B. C. Pressley, late
Assistant Treasurer of the United States at
Charleston, South Carolina, to allow to the
said Pressley a credit of $201, interest on tho
public debt paid by him in July, 1860, and of
which payment the vouchers have been lost.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES F. JOY.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, from the same
committee, also reported back a bill (S. No.
554) for the relief of James P. Joy, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be directed to de-
liver to James P. Joy possession of the prem-
ises purchased by him September 5, 1864,
known as the marine hospital and grounds, at
Chicago, Illinois, and to pay to Joy, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, interest from September 5, 1866, at
the rate of six per cent, per annum, upon
$132,000, being the amount paid by Joy to
the United States for the premises two years
previous, and that the interest shall be so paid
until delivery of the premises shall be made.
_ The bill was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DR. J. MILTON BEST.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, from the same
committee, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill (S. No. 105)
for the relief of J. Milton Best.
The bill was read. It appropriates out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated the sum of $25,000 to Dr. J.
Milton Best, of Paducah, Kentucky, in com-
pensation for the destruction of his dwelling-
house aud its contents by order of-Colonel S.
J. Hicks, commanding the United States troops
at Paducah, Kentucky, on the 26th of March,
1864.
Mr. CROSSLAND. I desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee of Claims a ques-
tion in regard to the proof furnished to the
committee of the value of the property in this
case. I am willing that this claimant shall
have all he is entitled to. But my information
is that his house was not worth over five, six,
or seven thousand dollars. I wish to know
what proof there was before the committee in
regard to the value of the property.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. The proof before
the committee was very full that the property
was worth somewhat more than has been re-
ported. We are fully satisfied that the sum
which has been allowed does not exceed the
value of the property. We consider the proof
conclusive on that point. Before the bill passed
the Senate there was an elaborate report sub-
mitted there, in which the question of the value
of the property was fully discussed. I am quite
satisfied on that question ; I mustconfess some-
what bolter satisfied than on some other ques-
tions in regard to this matter.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Is this the same
Paducah property about which there were
lengthy debates in former sessions of Con-
gress?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. It is a portion
of it.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I understand
that this is a question of compensation for
property the destruction of which was rendered
necessary by the exigencies of battle. I wish
to know on what legal grounds the committee
have proceeded in reporting favorably upon
the bill?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. The gentleman's
question is a very fair one, and has occupied
my mind a good deal. And in order to make
my statement clear I will give a little history
of the case, which will occupy a very few
minutes.
Early in 1861, soon after the commence-
ment of the war, the military authorities at
St. Louis and Cairo thought it would be de-
sirable to make an expedition into the south-
ern country by the Tennessee river. In con-
sidering this movement they came to the
conclusion that the first thing to do would be
to take the mouth of the river Paducah and
fortify it. General Grant took with him Gen-
eral Payne and went over to Paducah, and
having examined the ground, reaffirmed his
previous idea that fortifications at Paducah,
at the mouth of the river, would be necessary,
and left the General there with instructions to
locate and build a fort. He proceeded to do
that, examined the ground, and concluded to
locate the fort upon what was known as the
marine hospital ground.
When the location however was made,
upon looking the ground over it was observed
at once that the large brick house of Dr.
Best stood upon a position even higher than
that where the fort was to be located, and that
it would be necessary to remove it. The gen-
eral, therefore, proceeded in the usual way
to give notice to Dr. Best that the house would
be taken down and removed. He told him at
the same time that he would be paid for it by
the Government. He proceeded directly, as
the usual course is I am. told, for I am not
very familiar with it, to order a board of offi-
cers, three officers I think of the forces which
were then stationed at Paducah, to make a
survey of the property, to appraise it, and
make their report to him for the purpose of
paymeut.
The officers proceeded to make their sur-
vey, fixed the sum which should be reported
due to be paid to Dr. Best, and the report
had been in part prepared but not signed. At
this time the battles came on at Port Henry,
and immediately afterward at Fort Donel-
son, and all the forces were wanted up the
Tennessee ; and an order was made by the
general in command to the other officers with
their commands immediately to join their
commands up the river. They did so, and
were compelled to go off leaving the fort
incomplete.
So it remained for some time,until, I think,
some months afterward another board was
appointed to make a survey for the same pur-
pose, but, as before, the officers were called
away before the report was completed, and in
fact the report never was completed.
Then, sir, subsequently General Forrest
came down on Paducah and attacked it, the
report not having been completed and the
house not taken down; then, just as General
Paine had supposed would be the case, the
rebel forces seized Best's house, filled it with
sharp-shooters, used it as a fortification, and
picked off the gunners in our fort. It was a
most dangerous thing. The gun-boats on the
river were directed to shell the house ; and I
will say this one thing for Dr. Best, that while
the gun-bpats were shelling the house he
stood on the top of it, with the rebels below,
and wiih a flag waved to the gun-boats let-
ting them know where to fire into his own
house. The insurgents were finally driven
out, and the battle subsided somewhat, and
the house was immediately set on fire and
burned up to prevent their reoecupation of it.
Now, 1 have concurred with the committee,
which is pretty strong on this question, much
stronger than I am, on this ground, thaf I
think the property was properly taken by the
Government long before there was any battle
raging there at all. At Cairo, before this
happened, a similar case occurred. They made
a fort at Cairo. In doing so they took down,
I believe, five houses, which were appraised
and paid for at the time. This house would
have been taken down and paid for but for the
order which called the officers away, and I
will say that the allowance of the claim of Dr.
Best does not open the question whether we
are to pay for property sacrificed in battle in
the mere exigencies of war, but that we had
taken it before and appropriated it to the
Government's use, although the actual de-
struction had not been carried out at the time
the battle commenced. That is the principle
on which I support the bill.
It is suggested to me that in regard to the
price of the property I ought to state that it
covers not only the house, but the entire furni-
ture of the house, which was very valuable.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I know the
history of this claim, and I do not much care
how many others like it come before us. Sir,
as an American citizen I should be proud the
more we could find of claims like this. _ Any
American citizen who in time of war will do
what Dr. Best did with his property, under the
circumstances, ought to have the best hearing
the House of Representatives can give Mm,
and I hope we shall pay this claim. I only
fear that there are but few others in the coun-
try that can plead this aa a precedent. I wish
there were more, even if they cost the Treasury
much.
