1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
retirement of russian minister.
Mr. CAMERON. Yesterday a motion for
the printing of the correspondence between
the late Russian minister and the State De-
partment was postponed at my request. I
now move that that correspondence be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESSES.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
^ Mr. SCOTT. I gave notice yesterday that I
should call up to-day two resolutions attached
to two reports that I made, and I should like
to have thein acted upon, unless it is probable
that they will lead to debate.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator has any
business to lay before the Senate, I withdraw
the motion to adjourn. I supposed there was
no business before the body.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to adjourn is withdrawn.
Mr. SCOTT. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
attached to the first report submitted by me
yesterday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reso-
lution will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following reso-
lution :
Whereas the two Houses of Congress did, by their
concurrent resolution, passed on the 7th day of
April, 1671, authorize and direct the appointment
of a joint seleet committee for the performance of
certain duties, in said concurrent resolution speci-
fied, the said joint seleet committee to be composed
ot members of the said two Houses ; that is to say,
of seven members of the Senate and fourteen mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, which said
joint select committee was duly appointed as by said
concurrent resolution provided; and whereas, in the
discharge and performance of the duties so enjoined
upon them, the said joint select committee, on the
81st day of August, 1871, by subpena duly issued
and served, did summon and command a certain W.
L. Saunders, of Chapel Hill, North Carolina, to ap-
pear before said joint select committee and testify
touching the matters and things which the said joint
select committee were authorized and required by
the concurrent resolution of the two Houses of Con-
gress to examine and inquire into; and whereas said
W. L. Saunders did, on the 23d day of September,
1871, appear before a sub-committee duly authorized
by said joint seleet committee of the two Houses of
Congress to take the testimony^ of witnesses then
present and awaiting examination, and having m
appeared and submitted to be examined as a wit-
ness, did refuse to answer proper inquiries put to
him in the course of the investigation by said sub-
committee, thereby showing himself in contempt of
theSenate of the United States, aswell as the House
of Representatives: Therefore,
Jttesolvcd by the Senate of the United States, (the
House of Representatives concurring.) That W. L.
Saunders, of Chapel Hill, and State of North Caro-
lina, a witness heretofore duly summoned before a
joint select committee of the two Houses of Con-
gress, having been lawfully required to testify before
a sub-committee, duly authorized by said joint
select committee to take his testimony, and having,
in the course of the investigation, refused to answer
proper inquiries put to him by the chairman of said
joint committee, be forthwith arrested by theSer-
geant-at-Arms of the Senate, and brought before the
Senate, at its bar, by the order of the Senate duly
issued by the Vice President, under his hand and
the seal of the Senate; and that said Saunders be
detained, by virtue thereof, by the Sergeant-at-
Arms of the Senate until he answer for his contempt
of the order of the Senate in the matter aforesaid,
and abide such further orde&as may be made in the
premises.
Mr. SCOTT. In order to meet a question
that has heretofore been made in reference to
similar process, I ask leave to offer an amend-
ment to the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reso-
lution has not yet been taken up. The ques-
tion is on the Senator's motion, that the Senate
proceed to its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion is now before the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. I offer as an amendment, to
come in after the words " Sergeant-at-Arms
of the Senate" in the resolution, the words
" or any deputy appointed by him to execute
the same."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution. I un-
derstand the liberty of the citizen is involved.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As this still stands as a
concurrent resolution of the two Houses, and
as I do not believe that to be the proper way
to proceed, I take the liberty to move, with
entire friendliness to the object my friend from
Pennsylvania has in view, to amend the reso-
lution so as to make it the simple and usual
resolution of the Senate, by striking out all
that part which makes it concurrent. Thus
amended it would read, a resolution of this
body directing the Sergeant-at-Arms, in the
usual way, to arrest a culprit and bring him
up. If my friend from Pennsylvania has any
serious objection to that, I should be glad to
have him state to the Senate the grounds on
which he thinks that not to be the correct
course.
Mr. SCOTT. I did not desire to say any-
thing upon this resolution until somebody
should indicate some dissent to some portion
of it, hoping that it would perhaps meet the
sanction of the Senate without any discussion.
The Senator from Vermont, however, has
indicated one question simply, and having
risen to answer that, I may as well state briefly
the views that have influenced the committee
in introducing this resolution.
If it were certain that the witness who has
refused to answer before the committee could
be indicted under the act of Congress, and the
question of his liability to answer be determ-
ined judicially, I presume, in the light of
the recent disposition of the Senate as to
action upon questions of this character, the
matter would not have been brought before it.
But, upon looking at the act of Congress on
this subject, whatever may be the opinion of
the Senate or of members of the Senate as to
the power of the committee to compel wit-
nesses to testify before them, I felt satisfied
that if the question had been left to be settled
by judicial decision this witness could not be
indicted under the act of Congress intended
to apply to such cases, for a reason which I
will now state to the Senate.
The act of Congress reads—I refer now to
the act of January 24, 1857 :
"That any person summoned as a witness by the
authority ot either House of Congress to give testi-
mony or to produce papers upon any matter before
either House, or any committee of either House of
Congress, who shail willfully make default, or who,
appearing, shall refuse to answer any question per-
tinent to the matter of inquiry in consideration
before the House or committee by which he shall be
examined, shall, in addition to the pains and penal-
ties now existing, be liable to indictment as and tor
a misdemeanor, in any court of the "United States
having jurisdiction thereof, and on conviction shall
pay a finenotexceedingSI,000andnotlessthan§100,
and suifer imprisonment in the common jail not less
than one month nor more than twelve months."
It will be observed that this witness, having
appeared and been sworn, has declined to tes-
tify before a joint committee. He has not
declined to testify either " before either House
of Congress," or before "any committee of
either House of Congress." This act being a
penal act, will of course have to be strictly con-
strued, and if this witness were indicted for
refusing to testify, the act of Congress would
not meet his case. He was not called 11 before
either House of Congress" nor before "a
committee of either House of Congress,'' but
before a joint committee, a committee ap-
pointed by the concurrent action of both
Houses; so that when we came to look at this
question we found that notwithstanding the
reluctance of the Senate as recently manifested
to compel witnesses to testify in examination
before them, we should be required to bring
this case before the Senate, if for no other
purpose, to show the necessity of an amend-
ment of the law, so that if the Senate will not
vindicate its own dignity by requiring witnesses
to answer, there may be a place in the judicial
tribunals where we may go hereafter.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire to know, before
I am compelled to vote on this proceeding,
(because I regard that as a jurisdictional fact,)
whether any of these recusant witnesses are in
any way connected with the press? [Laughter.]
Mr. SCOTT. The investigations that have
been carried on in the late insurrectionary
States do show that a large number of the
brethren of this recusant witness are connected
not only with the press but with the telegraph,
and have control of it.
Mr. CARPENTER. That I do not regard
as material. If these particular men are not
connected with the press I shall vote for this
proceeding; butl wanttoknowhowthatfaetis.
Mr. SCOTT. I cannot inform the Senator
from Wisconsin whether this particular wit-
ness is connected with the New York Tribune
or any other newspaper.
Mr. CARPENTER. My friend will allow
me to make a suggestion. I think he should
inform himself on that fact before he asks us
to vote. [Laughter.] That is jurisdictional.
Mr. SCOTT." I will, however, refer the
Senator from Wisconsin to the testimony of
the witness in full, which is an exhibit of the
report, where he will find the occupation and
residence of the witness stated. I do not now
remember it.
Having stated the motive which induced the
committee to report the case, I now come to
the point which is presented by the Senator
from Vermont, remarking that no other ques-
tion of jurisdiction or of the propriety of the
summons, or of the manner of serving the
summons, can arise in this case, because the
witness has appeared, has been sworn, and has
answered some of the questions that have been
propounded to him. He has declined to an-
swer other questions; and the sole point which
the Senator from Vermont now presents is
whether we ought to pass a separate resolu-
tion of the Senate or pass a concurrent resolu-
tion requiring him to be brought before the bar.
I agree that the refusal of a witness to an-
swer a question which is pertinent to the mat-
ter of inquiry before a joint committee is a
contempt of each House of Congress, and it
is possible that each House of Congress may,
if they think the occasion requires it, deal
directly with the witness; but it certainly is
contrary to the spirit of all legislation,_ and
especially of all statutory and constitutional
provisions in this country, that any man, either
criminal or witness, should be subjected to a
double penalty for the same offense; for while
it is a contempt against each House, the refusal
to testify is one act, and if it were to be assert-
ed that the witness may first be brought before
the Senate and dealt with here, may be sen-
tenced to pay the costs of the attachment or
undergo such confinement as the Senate may
impose upon him, and then the power can be
asserted in the other House, certainly it would
be a case that would not commend itself to the
American sense of right and of justice.
I do not suppose that if one House were to
deal with such a witness there would be a
probability that the other would do so; but
whether there be such a probability or not, I
do not think it ought to be left, if the Senate or
the House could avoid it, in the power of the
other House to deal with a witness who has
once been dealt with by this body for an ofiense
of this character. Looking at the only authoi-
ity which I find in the elementary books gu
the question, in the Law and Practice ot Legis-
lative Assemblies, by Cushing, I find this
with reference to proceedings before joint com-
mittees. I may say, before reading it. that
the scarcity of precedents in cases of this
character may, perhaps, be accounted for from
the fact that so great is the opposition to joint
committees in the English Parliament that it
is stated as a fact that no joint committee has
been appointed in that body since the year
1095.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And they never ought to
be in this.
Mr. SCOTT. That is a precedent that per-
