1872.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
933
The SPEAKER. The Chair presumes that
that would be the proper course. If a law
exists requiring the Superintendent of the
Census to deal with this claim, he does not
need a reminder from this House.
The petition was laid on the table.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I now yield to
my colleague on the committee, the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Frye.]
mrs. elizabeth steen.
Mr. FRYE, from the same committee, re-
ported back the petition of Mrs. Elizabeth
Steen, of Shelby county, Illinois, praying for
relief; and moved that the committee be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and 
that it be referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the following petitions,
&c.; and the same were severally laid on the
table:
The petition of G. W. Torrence;
The petition of Rowland Hemphill, for relief;
The petition of Washington Crossland;
The petition of S. S. Green ;
The bill (H. R. No. 339) for the relief of
Asa B. Russell;
The petition of Robert Soperand others, for
iudemnity for vessels taken by the Govern-
ment ;
The petition of Joseph M. Caton and others;
The petition of William Quinn ;
The petition of Mary A. Adams and others ;
and
The petition of the officers and crew of the
Keno.
Mr. FRYE. I ask that the report of the
committee in the case of the officers and crew
of the Keno be printed.
The SPEAKER. It is usual to order the
printing of all adverse reports of committees.
The order will be made.
michael f. gannett.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1419) for the relief
of Michael F. Gannett; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Michael
F. Gannett, of Bath, Maine, agent of the ship
Atasca, out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $172 20
in full satisfaction for an excessive hospital
tax exacted from the ship Atasca at the port
of New Orleans in 1870, and charge the same
to the " marine hospital fund."
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FRYE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
g. s. baker.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that it
do pass, the bill(H. R.No. 112) for the relief
of G. S. Baker, of Marysville, Missouri, for
the reissue of a certain bond.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue a new
bond for fifty dollars with coupons from and
including that of July 1, 1871, to G. S. Baker,
of Marysville, Missouri, in place of a five-
twenty coupon bond for a like amount num-
bered 92711, act of March 3, 1865; issued
July 1, 1867, said bond having been destroyed
by mutilation ; but before issuing a new bond
the Secretary of the Treasury is to require a
sufficient bond ofindemnity securing the Gov-
ment against the presentation of the bond
alleged to be lost.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, aud passed.
Mr. FRYE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
e. and k. reed.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1420) for the relief
ofF. & E. Reed, of Bath, Maine, owners and
agents of the ship William M. Reed; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to F. & E. Reed, of
Bath, Maine, owners and agents of the ship
William M. Reed, the sum of $1,200 in full
satisfaction of all claims on behalf of the own-
ers of said ship, for her arrest and detention in
the port of Valencia, Spain, by the American
consul iu 1869 for the protection of American
citizens.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FRYE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
benjamin vanniman.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1421) for the relief
of Benjamin Yanniman ; which was read a first
and second time. ,
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read the third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue to Benjamin
Vanniman, of Greene county, in the State of
Ohio, two ten-forty bonds for $500 each, with
interest coupons falling due to September 1,
1864, under the act of March 3, 1864, in lieu
of ten-forty bonds of like amount, with cou-
pons, &c., numbered 4322 and 4323, issued
under the said act, and which, as the property
of Benjamin Vanniman, were, between the
1st and 15th of September, 1864, destroyed by
rats; but before issuing the new bonds the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall require sufficient
bond of indemnity securing the Government
against the presentation of the bonds alleged
to have been destroyed.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is there any report in
this case? We ought to have the report read,
or some brief verbal statement of the case
made.
Mr. FRYE. There is a report.
The Clerk read the report, which states the
circumstance attending the destruction of the
bonds by rats, and that there is satisfactory
evidence that the claimant had the bonds on
the 31st of August, 1864, and that he is a man
of undoubted integrity. The committee there-
fore recommend the passage of the accompany-
ing bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FRYE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I rise to
a question of privilege. I wish to call up the
report and resolution of the Committee of
Elections in the contested-election case of
Boles vs. Edwards, from the State of Ark-
ansas.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask my colleague [Mr.
Hazelton] to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the consumption of
a portion of a morning hour to-day run against
the Committee of Claims as a whole morning
hour, or will they be entitled to two morning
hours hereafter ?
The SPEAKER. To one only.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust that, inasmuch as
that committee have had so small a portion ot
time this morning, unanimous consent will be
given that committee to have two morning
hours when called hereafter.
Mr. PERCE. I think I must object.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I wish to
say that this case should have been called *p
and disposed of some days ago.
Mr. PERCE. I will not object to the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman.]
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Why not let the
Committee of Claims run on to-day?
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Hazelton] rises to a question of
privilege. The morning hour would ran all
day, as the Chair has so often stated, unless
something of a higher privilege is brought up
at the end of an hour.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Can we not vote
down the question of privilege?
The SPEAKER. The question of consid-
eration could be raised by any gentleman.
The Chair will ask if there is objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman,] that on the future call of the
Committee of Claims, it shall be entitled to
two full morning hours.
Mr. BUTLELt, of Massachusetts. For pri-
vate business?
The SPEAKER. That is the proposition:
The Chair will state to the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] that when the Com-
mitte of Claims is called on the call for public
business, although the major portion of the
reports from that committee are necessarily of
a private nature, it has two hours, like other
committees, and in those two hours can report
private business.
Mr. HOLMAN. It will not be reached on
that call for some time.
The SPEAKER. It will have the same
chance that other committees have.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to the proposition.
Mr. HOAR. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
report of the Committee of Elections in the
election case of Boles vs. Edwards.
business for saturday.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I rise to a privi-
leged motion, that the session of to-morrow be
set apart for general debate only, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, no business to be trans-
acted.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent.
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia, moved to recon-
sider the order just made; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
fisheries.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, presented a petition of a com'
mittee of the fishermen of Massachusetts, on
the subject of the fisheries ; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
chinese indemnity fund.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Iask unani-
mous consent that a memorial which I now
present from Peter Cooper and other citjzetiS
of New York, in relation to the Chinese indem-
