38
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7
Imps it might be well for us to consider, at least,
if not to follow. A portion of section two
thousand and forty-five of Cushing reads thus:
"In Massachusetts, and in some others of the
northern States, jointcommittees, consisting of un-
equal numbers of the two branches, are appointed by
a concurrent act; are employed about the ordinary
business of legislation; constitute one homogeneous
committee, and make their report indifferently in
either branch. These committees, as to their form
and authority and modes of proceeding, do notdiffer
from the common select committees of a single
branch, except that every vote in relation to them
and their proceedings must be concurrent. The
formercommittees are very sparingly, the latter very
abundantly, used"—
referring to joint and separate committees.
Looking at this as a statement of the parlia-
mentary practice in relation to joint commit-
tees, and at the considerations to which I have
already adverted with reference to the dealing
with a witness, it was deemed advisable in the
committee, as I stated yesterday, to report,
with the sanction of the committee, a concur-
rent resolution authorizing the Senate to deal
with this recusant witness. "That will then
have disposed of the case before the commit-
tee, and by authority of both Houses of Con-
gress it will be in possession of the Senate.
These are the reasons which have induced
the present form of action. It will be for the
Senate to determine whether there are other
and countervailing reasons that will induce
them to adopt the amendment offered by the
Senator from Vermont. I have no preference
on the subject. There is no object to be gained
by either mode of proceeding outside of the
mere question of bringing up and determining
before the Senate whether this witness shall be
required to answer.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Of course it is entirely
immaterial as a practical question in regard to
results, if it is not to be tested in any other
way than by our judgment, which form is taken,
because it is to be presumed that the other
House would concur in this resolution ; but it
appears to me that, looking to legal results
which might arise in a judicial investigation
into the authority by which this roan should be
held, if he should be arrested, we should find
much greater danger of his being discharged
011 habeas corpus by the Supreme Court, now
sitting in the Capitol, or the supreme court of
the District, under an arrest on this concur-
rent resolution, than under an arrest upon a
simple resolution of the Senate. If the author-
ity to punish this contempt is only a concur-
rent authority which resides in the two Houses
together, then I submit to my friend from
Pennsylvania that the logical and inevitable
inference and result is that it is a power which
cannot be delegated, and it must be exercised
by both Houses in some form to be got at. If
only the judgment and decision of the two
Houses whose dignity has been assailed (which
is the_ theory of this resolution) can condemn
this man to punishment then I think my friend
will agree with me that the House of Repre-
sentatives cannot delegate its part of that
judicial function to us, nor we to it, but it
must be exercised, like all other judicial power,
in solido in some way. What the difficulties
may be of reaching that way may be another
question; but I am now only speaking of the
principle.
If this man is guilty of a contempt of the
two Houses jointly, for which we proceed
against him, and he is to be deprived of his
liberty therefor under the judgmentof thetwo
Houses jointly, then that judgment must be
one which does not come through delegation
to us, or to the other House, but the judg-
mentof both, not only upon the fact that he is
to be arrested, but upon the questions which
arise after every such arrest, as to whether he
has in fact been guilty of contempt, and if so,
what punishment shall be awarded therefor.
It seems to me it is impossible to resist that
conclusion.
On the other hand, what is the nature of a
joint committee? It may be entirely true, as
my friend reads from Cushing, that whatever
direction is to be given to a joint committee,
raised by concurrent resolution, must be given
by the two Houses, for the reason that the
whole body of the committee, or its two parts
acting together, is not the representative of
either House alone as to what it is to do, but
each body of its meinberscomposingthe com-
mittee is the representative of their own
House ; and, therefore, whatever indignity is
committed under their proceedings upon them
or upon their authority immediately, in my
opinion—and it seemsto my mind very plain—
transmits itself to the rights and to the powers
of each House separately. For example, sup-
pose some member of a joint committee should
be guilty of a gross impropriety and contempt,
disorderly conduct, if you please, could it be
said that the action ofthe two Houses was requi-
site to his punishment? By no means. If
that impropriety were committed by a mem-
ber of the House of Representatives it would
be solely for the House to deal with him. If
it were committed by a member of this body,
it would plainly be for us to consider the case,
and to take the proper action about it.
My theory of a joint committee, Mr. Presi-
dent, is simply that so far as it relates to the
dignity and powers of the Houses represented
by their members in that joint meeting of their
respective constituents it is entirely separate
and several; and while, for convenience, they
constitute a joint body of representatives from
each, representing each in some joint-work
which they wish to accomplish, the power that
each branch of that committee derives is a
power derived from its own source, because
the House of Representatives cannot confer
upon members of this body, in my opinion,
any powers at all; neither can we confer upon
members of the House of Representatives any
powers; and all that the authority which my
friend has read goes to show is, that so far as
the joint action of these agents is concerned, it
must be authorized by the joint action of their
respective principals, which is plain enough
in the law of agency, or anywhere else. It
is a simple proposition, and I submit to my
friend that it falls far short of covering the
question we now have before us.
Then, if I am right in supposing that if this
be, as this resolution proceeds upon the
hypothesis that it is, a contempt in its nature
joint and not several, (and it cannot very well
be both joint and several,) it must plainly fol-
low that you must have the ultimate judicial
action of both Houses in some way to punish
it. If, on the other hand, the nature of this
contempt is several to each of the two inde-
pendent bodies who have a right to inqnire,
either by acting together or by acting sepa-
rately, into matters of this kind, then it belongs
to each body to punish for a contempt if it
sees fit.
It is true this latter view is open to the moral
objection, as it always is in many such cases,
that a man might be punished twice, not for
the same offense, but for the same act, which
act might in and of itself be an offense against
two separate and distinct jurisdictions at the
same time. The Supreme Court of the United
States have decided that question over and
over again in cases of counterfeiting and for-
gery, and crimes of that sort, where the same
act by the laws of all the States is an offense
against the State law, and is at the same time
an offense against the United States under its
statutes against forgery and counterfeiting the
.coin and currency of the country; and the
Supreme Court now sitting in the Capitol have
decided more than once, as my friend is aware,
that there is no constitutional or even moral
objection to a man's being twice punished for
the same act, if that act, done maliciously
and knowingly, was at the same time two sep-
arate and distinct crimes against two separate
and distinct jurisdictions. How far jt would be
wise to go in mitigating the punishment under
each authority is quite another question.
It has never yet happened that in this
double jurisdiction that has been exercised
from the foundation of the country about
counterfeiting and forgery, any counterfeiter
or forger got more than he deberved,_or that
the moral sentiment of the community was
shocked by an excess of punishment for the
same act. That is a question which refers
itself to the expediency in the judgment of
the body as to the extent of punishment
which shall be inflicted in view of the fact that
another jurisdiction has already punished
the party, or may do so. So that, looking at 
it in the light of a mere question of law and
proper procedure, I am satisfied myself that
the true and only safe course, if the question
were brought under judicial investigation,
would be for the Senate to treat this as a coti-
temptagaintits own dignity and its own rights,
and to punish it without undertaking to obtain
a delegation of power from another body to
that end. Of course, if the Senate think other-
wise, I shall acquiesce cheerfully; but that
being my opinion, I have thought it right to
move this amendment.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, this com-
mittee was created by the joint authority of
the two Houses. The contempt, therefore, is
against the joint authority of the two Houses.
Suppose each House should proceed separately
to punish this contempt, and suppose they
should proceed simultaneously, these parties
could not be in the custody of the Sergeant-at-
Arms of each House at the same time. The
case differs from that where a State and the
General Government have concurrent jurisdic-
tion in regard to a crime. There there is but one
crime to be punished, and whichever party gets
jurisdiction of the person first has the right to
punish him, but here, according to the argu
ment of the Senator, there are two offenses,
one offense against the dignity of the House
of Representatives and another against the
dignity of the Senate, so that the cases do not
agree.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will pardon
me for interposing, I beg to suggest that I am
sure he misunderstood my statement as to what
the decisions have been. The decisions have
been exactly the way I stated, and not as my
friend states. The Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States has decided explicitly—I can send
for the authority if my friend would like to see
it—that in the cases referred to there were two
distinct offenses arising upon the same act of
forgery or counterfeiting, and that whichever
sovereignty got possession of the offender first
would of course punish him upon other prin-
ciples that are plain enough, but that would not
prevent the other sovereignty when it got him
from punishing him also.
, Mr. MORTON. The effect of the resolu-
tion offered by the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia will be simply that both Houses will au-
thorize the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate or
his deputy to arrest these refractory witnesses
and bring them before the Senate. It seems
to me it is proper, as both Houses created the
joint committee, that both Houses should
authorize the arrest of the refractory witnesses.
Then, when these witnesses are brought before
the Senate, the Senate has a right to hear
them, has a right to try them upon the theory
of the Senator. It makes no difference, then,
whether his theory is right or not, because the
Senate has jurisdiction anyhow. These wit-
nesses were subpenaed by the joint authority
of the two Houses. Why may they not be
arrested by the joint authority of the two
Houses? And then if, according to this reso-
lution, they are brought before the Senate,
upon the Senator's own theory the Senate has
a right to proceed and try the contempt. It
seems to me that theoretically the resolution
of the Senator from Pennsylvania is right.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, apart
from any practical consequences to result from
this amendment offered by the Senator from
Vermont, it seems to me very plain that it
ought to be adopted. We are acting ia this
