2726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
march through Georgia left large sections, fer-
tile regions, where a great quantity of cotton is
produced, untouched, leaving to these plant-
ers in the richest section large crops of cotton;
bat in the poorer sections it frequently hap-
pened that there were seizures of cotton after
the close of actual hostilities. Now, sir, it
does strike me as being very discriminating
for the Government on account of these acci-
dental, and I may say unauthorized, seizures
of cotton, and other property in many cases, to
hold now that it will retain the proceeds and
give no hearing and no chance for redress to
the owner. It depended on the caprice of an
officer; he may have been a lieutenant or some
other subaltern, who took it into his head, on
a mere rumor, that possibly certain property
belonged to the confederate States, to seize
the property and carry it to the nearest port,
particularly if it waa cotton, have it shipped
to New'York, and there sold, if it ever chanced
to reach its destination; but in a great many
instances, in almost all, a large percentage of
cotton was lost between the port where it
arrived and its destination, New York.
I happen to know in my own State some
of the hardships of the enforcement of this
rule. I can instance a case of an old man of
seventy, who bought during the years 1863
and 1864 cotton from the planters of his own
county and paid them for it, and put it in his
warehouse, having some three or four hundred
bales. About the 1st of June, 1865, an offi-
cer with a small body of men came and seized
this cotton and carried it to the city of Augusta,
on the Savannah river. There were three or
four hundred bales taken in this arbitrary
manner, and the pretext was that the cotton
belonged to the confederate States, whereas I
know of my own knowledge of abundant and
conclusive evidence to show that the confed-
erate States never owned one dollar's worth
of it. It was the private property of this old
gentleman, bought with his own money ;
bought from the producers of the cotton, and
he an obscure man. If it had been the pur-
pose of the Government to seize the cotton
of rebel citizens, would they have allowed, as
they did, the cotton of the more conspicuous
authors of the rebellion in Georgia to have
gone untouched? They did do that. The
leading spirits of the rebellion in Georgia did
not lose any cotton; but wherever a military
force happened to be stationed within a few
miles, say fifty or one hundred, or'somewhere
near a railway, and found a lot of cotton, in
a majority of cases they took possession of it
and transported to the nearest shipping point,
. and from there it was sent to New York.
This made an invidious distinction ; and to-
day, if the object of Congress be, as I think
it ought to be, to break down the asperities
that were occasioned by the war, they surely
go badly to work to accomplish such a purpose
by passing a law that will close the doors of
the Court of Claims in the face of such citizens
as this old man whom I have instanced, who
bought property of citizens that was as much
theirs as gold in their pockets, and which there
was no more justification, I insist, on the part
of the officer taking, than there was of taking
his household goods. Would it not have been
monstrous if they had gone into this man's
house and taken his silver and his gold and
his precious things that were there ? if it had
been so, and those things had been transported
and had been sold and the proceeds had gone
into the Treasury, would we pass an act saying
to this man that he should not go into the
Court of Claims and be heard there because
two years had elapsed since the war closed?
If there had been an act of confiscation that
directed the seizure of the cotton of every man
in the southern States, I could see some regu-
larity and some equality in such a procedure,
however harsh I might regard it. But that was
not the ease. These are individual cases that
depended very much on the casualties to which
I have referred. I should dislike exceedingly
to see so harsh, so discriminating, so unjust a
rule enacted here. Indeed, I have always been
of opinion that great error was committed in
any order of any military man, whether it ema-
nated from the War Department or elsewhere,
in the march of armies to destroy the cotton
that lay in their course, because cotton was not
one of the articles that enabled their adver-
saries to contend with them more effectually in
war. I saw no good reason for it. The case
that I have instanced is one of hundreds where
cotton was seized under a misapprehension of
the facts, or under wrong information, and
taken away from the owners. Why should this
man be debarred from going into the Court of
Claims? The reason these parties did not go
into court was because they were compelled to
allege loyalty and to prove it, and in the case
I referred to, which is one of a great many
similar cases, the party knew he could not
prove loyalty to the Government, as he had
assisted the revolution.
I once heard a very distinguished citizen of
the United States, who had filled the office
of Secretary of the Treasury very acceptably
to this Government, and at a very important
crisis in its history, say it was a great mis-
take on the part of the Government to seize
the cotton of the southern people at all after
the surrender of their armies. It ought to
have been left to that people and to their tri-
bunals to determine to whom the lots of cotton
belonged, unless it was clearly shown they
belonged to the confederate States.
While speaking on this subject I will ad-
vert to a little incident I am familiar with,
to show how harshly the Treasury of the
United States has dealt with men that I think
deserved better treatment at its hands. After
the close of the war, a warehouseman in the
city of Augusta having one hundred bales of
confederate cotton in his possession came to
me as his personal friend and revealed the
fact. The marks on the cotton did not show
that it belonged to the confederate States,
and he asked me as a friend of the Govern-
ment to tell him what was his duty in regard
to this cotton. I told him to go with me to
the commanding officer of the Government
at that place, and give him notice that he had
this cotton, and had had it for two or three
years in a close store, and to let it be sur-
rendered. He did as I advised him, I telling
him that he would have salvage and storage
upon the hundred bales of cotton. The cot-
ton was given up, surrendered to the officer,
and sent to New York; but I regret to say that,
according to the records of the Treasury, about
thirty-three per cent, of it (which was a very
moderate one at that time) was lost in its
transmission, and some sixty bales sold and
the proceeds covered into the Treasury, and
when an appeal was made, with my own testi-
mony at the Treasury Department as to how
this cotton came into the possession of the
Government, and as to howfaithfully, honestly,
and justly this citizen had acted, they turned
a deaf ear even to paying him the storage that
was due him, and he never received a solitary
cent, and the money lies there to-day. Is that
the way to affect citizens kindly toward the
Government, I would inquire ? No, sir. Let
us have no discrimination. If it was intended
as a measure of confiscation, let the confisca-
tion be widespread and universal, seize all the
cotton that can be found, take it all to New
York, sell it all, but do not discriminate between
citizens merely because you happen to have
military at one point and none at another.
Sir, has anybody ever heard that Mr.
Toombs, of my own State, who was a large cot-
ton planter, lost one pound of cotton by the
casualties of war? Never did I hear that Mr.
Howell Cobb, another very large planter, lost
a pound of cotton by the war. Would you go
into the gin-houses of the poor, small planter,
a man that yielded to the storm that swept
over the country at that time, and seize his
little pittance of cotton, drag it away from
him, take it to your ports, ship it to the city
of New York, sell it, and then shut the doors
of your courts in this humble citizen's face? '
Such is not the way, I undertake to say,
to win back the disaffected citizens to fealty to
this Government. I do not wonder that they
remain estranged and imbittered if proceed-
ings of this sort are to be enacted toward
them. This Government should not seek to
make money by such a procedure. It is no
more entitled, in my judgment, to the pro-
ceeds of the cotton now lying in the Treasury
of the United States than to the proceeds, if
we could follow it, of that which was never
seized, but was sold by the owner himself.
The fact of the seizure did not confer title.
Active hostilities in most cases had ceased;
and though an arbitrary decision has been
arrived at as to when the war actually did
close, I have always been of opinion that it
closed when General Lee surrendered his army
in Virginia. It was generally taken all over
the country as a signal for it ; and if there
were little armed bands of men after that they
were merely dispersing to their homes, and
not seeking to continue hostilities.
Much of this cotton was taken immediately
afterward, between April and the 1st of July,
1865, the greater portion of it, and because
citizens were not rash enough to rush into the
Court of Claims alleging that they had been
loyal to the Government of the United Stales,
and try to suborn witnesses to prove the fact,
but in candor admitted that they had not
been, and that they could not make proof of
what did not exist, shall we say to them to-
day, " Go away, because you did not indulge
in this turpitude and degradation, we will no
longer give you an opportunity to be heard in
the court."
I hope sir, this amendment will not be
finjictsd
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the ob-
ject of this amendment is, as I understand it,
to prevent the Court of Claims from taking
jurisdiction of cases of disloyal persons who
sue to recover the proceeds of their cotton
that was seized under the authority of the
Government of the United States. I believe
that is its whole object. So far I am in favor
of it. We have never thus far permitted per-
sons engaged in the rebellion against the Gov-
ernment of the United States to bring suits in
ourcourts to recover fortheir property that was
taken during the war; and that is the law now,
the positive statute, and it will not make it
any more so to reenact it over. Let me read
for the benefit of the Senate the statute as it
now exists, and let us see what the purpose,
then, of this amendment is:
The twelfth section of the act passed in 1863
provides as follows in reference to the Court
of Claims:
"That in order to authorize the said court to ren-
der a judgment in favor of any claimant, it a citizen
of the United States, it shall be set forth in the peti-
tion that the claimant, and the original and every
prior owner thereof^ where the claim has been
assigned, has at all times borne true allegiance to
the Government of the United States, and whether
a citizen or not, that heTias not in any way volun-
tarily aided, abetted, or given encouragement to
rebellion against the said Government, which alle-
gations may be traversed by the Government, anil
if on the trial such issue shall be decided against
the claimant, his petition shall be dismissed."
That is the law. It has been the law all
along. If it appears that the petitioner has at
any time voluntarily aided, abetted, or given
encouragement to rebellion against the Gov-
ernment of the United States, he has no stand-
ing in the Court of Claims. What more? In
order to regulate the proof upon that subject,
we enacted another section iti 1868—1 recol-
lect these statutes very well—and we provided
this law; and I wish Senators to give their
attention to these provisions of law already on
the statute-book and see whether we can do
much more by legislation than we have done.
