1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
matter judicially; we are setting a precedent,
and the time might come when the Senate
might desire to punish a contemptof this body
and could not get the aid and concurrence of
the House of Representatives to do it. It
would therefore be a very inconvenient prece-
dent for us now to set, that we cannot punish
a contempt of this body unless the House of
Representatives concur in our punishing it.
1 have always regarded this power, while it
is a delicate one, to be employed with prudence
"and discretion, yet one of the indispensable
powers of this and of every other legislative
and judicial body, and I do not desire to see
it frittered away. I regard it pretty well set-
tled that we cannot punish a contempt of the
Senate without the consent of the press ; but
I am. not willing to put the further condition
upon it, that we must also have the consent of
the House of Representatives.
These men have been subpenaed before a
joint committee, and have refused to testify.
Now, one of two things is certain: their refusal
to testify under these circumstances is or is
not a contempt of the Senate. If it is not a
contempt Qjfkthe Senate, we have nothing to do
with it. uit is a contempt, of the Senate,
nobody else has anything to do with it. This
resolution proposes to.arrest these men under
one authority and have them punished under
another. There may be a difference between
this case and others that have occurred, grow-
ing out of the fact that these men were sub-
penaed by joint action, for then the question
comes whether their refusal to answer is a
contempt of this body or not; but when we
determine that it is, we must proceed like a
court to punish a contempt of this body. We
cannot punish a contempt of the House of
Representatives ; they cannot punish a eon-
tempt of the Senate. We do not need their
assistance, and for the benefit of the future we
should not invoke it. If there is any doubt
whatever that the refusal of these men to tes-
tify before a joint committee is a contempt of
this body let us determine that, and end this
proceeding. If it be a contempt of this body,
let this body punish.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I do not desire
to piolong this discussion, having brought the
question here more for the purpose of having
the benefit of the experience of older legis-
lators, and of having the precedent established,
than of having the particular mode which is
reported acquiesced in ; but it does strike me
that the starting-point in this inquiry is, by
what authority was this witness before the com-
mittee ? Was it by the authority of the Senate?
Not separately. Was it by the authority of
the House of Kepresentatives ? Not separately.
But it was by the authority of a joint resolu-
tion passed by the Senate and the House of
Representatives that the witness was before
the committee. That was the authority which
brought him there. Then it was by virtue of
this authority, the authority of Congress, that
the committee proceeded to examine him ;
and when he declined to answer he was, as I
understand the law of contempt, in contempt
of the authority which brought him there.
It may very faiily be said that that was not
only a contempt of the whole body of Con-
gress, but that it was a contempt of each
House of Congress ; that one House may see
rroper to act upon it and the other may not.
do not know that it necessarily follows that
a Congress, which is required to act in legis-
lation by the action of two bodies, shall, when
that authority is condemned before a joint com-
mittee, undertake also to act as a joint body
in requiring a witness to purge his contempt.
It is a contempt, I take it, of each House.
But when the question came up, this anomaly
was presented : shall we punish in one House,
leaving the witness to be punished in the other;
or shall wc have the anomalous proceeding of
gathering together a joint convention of both
Houses for the very dignified purpose of bring-
ing this witness into contempt?
Mr CARPENTER,. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. Suppose these wit-
nesses are brought here under this resolution
and punished by order of the Senate, would
that take away the jurisdiction of the House
of Representatives upon it again ?
Mr. SCOTT. It may not take away the
jurisdiction ; but certainly the concurrence of
the House of Representatives in this resolu-
tion is an acquiescence in the assumption of
the jurisdiction by the Senate to punish him
and amounts to saying: "Take cognizance of
it; we will not follow this case." It amounts
to that, and I only desired to call attention to
that fact, for I think that is the fundamental
ground upon which the question rests—by
what authority was the witness before the com-
mittee? It was by the authority of Congress,
clearly. It was then in contempt of that au-
thority that he refused to testify, and, having
refused to testify, then, if it is a contempt of
either House, either House may proceed to
punish him for the contempt or require him to
answer.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me once more?
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. Is not an order for
arrest a part of the proceedings to punish?
And if one House is to punish, should it not
inaugurate the proceedings that lead to pun-
ishment? The arrest, the examination, the
purging of the contempt, and the final order,
are to be the action of the Senate. The.
House cannot give us any authority to punish
anybody.
Mr. SCOTT. The order for the arrest is a
part of the proceeding, and it is well enough
to look at what follows. The order for the
arrest relates to the proceedings before the
committee. The rule is that with reference
to all proceedings before a joint committee
the action must be concurrent, but when the
order for the arrest has issued, by virtue either
of the action of the Senate or the concurrent
action of the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, the action after that does not relate
specially to the proceedings before the com-
mittee. It becomes, then, the judicial action
of the Senate. We have the action of the
committee before us, and I do not think that
in the end it would be absolutely necessary
that it should be followed out by the concur-
rent action of both Houses in adjudging what
the witness shall do or shall suffer.
Mr. CARPENTER. I wish to ask my friend
if it is not in analogy with all legal proceed-
ings, to every attempt of a court of justice to
punish any of these matters or punish any
crime whatever, to regard the arrest as the
attaching of jurisdiction? It is the first step
toward punishment. Now, if we cannot take
the first step alone, we cannot take the final
step alone.
Mr. SCOTT. The misapprehension of the
Senator from Wisconsin seems to be of the
same character with that which I thought I
discovered in the statement of the Senator
from Vermont; and that is, that this is a cou-
tempt of the whole body of Congress, and can
be nothing else ; that neither House can treat
it as a contempt of itself. Now, there is the
point on which I submit, with great deference,
that 1 differ with the Senator from Vermont.
While it may be taken to be a contempt of the
whole Congress, I think it may also be treated
as a contempt of either House; and therefore,
whiie I have stated that I have no pertinacity
about the manner in which this proceeding
shall be carried out, and do not discover any
great importance in the precedent which the
Senator from Wisconsin has stated, I do desire
that in some form or other we shall get rid of
this question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, I should like to
put a question to my friend, that I may under-
stand him. He says that this may be treated
as a contempt of the two Houses jointly. I
ask him if this proceeding that he is now
proposing in the form that he proposes it, does
not proceed upon the theory that the contempt
which is to be punished is the contempt against
the two Houses jointly? I should like the
views of my friend, that I may understand
precisely what he means.
Mr. SCOTT. I think it amounts to this, as
I have already stated: it amounts to the ac-
quiescence of the House of Representatives
in the assertion that they will not follow the
contempt; that they say to the Senate, "Pro-
ceed and deal with this witness;" and after
that we deal with him in vindicating the dig-
nity of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, if I understand
my friend, this proceeding is, after all, to pun-
ish a contempt against this body.
Mr. SCOTT. Very well.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do I understand him
correctly?
Mr. SCOTT. I have already stated that I
believe either House may punish a witness for
contempt before a joint committee; but while
I have stated that, I have also stated that it
would be contrary to the principles of Amer-
ican jurisprudence that a witness should be
punished before one body and be left punish-
able for the same act before the other. We
desired to get rid of that anomaly in our pro-
ceeding. That is really at the base of this
mode of proceeding.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That I can understand ;
but my friend does not answer my question.
He does not yet tell me, so that I can under-
stand it—probably it is my fault—whether the
crime which he proposes to punish is the crime
committed against the two Houses or the crime
committed against this one.
Mr. SCOTT. I have already indicated to
the Senator as clearly as I could that it is the
same offense, and that, being punishable once,
it ought not to be punished again, and that we
may punish him for his contempt against the
Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well, Mr. President, I
see that my friend is not anxious to answer
the question in the precise form that I put it,
because he sees exactly where he would land.
If the contempt which this man has committed
is the contempt against the two Houses jointly,
and the same act may still be a contempt
against this House separately and against the
other House separately, then he reasons him-
self into the conclusion that this man has com-
mitted possibly three contempts instead of
two. Now, I think he has committed only
two—one against this body, and by the same
act another against the other House.
But the difficulty is on this theory, that this
contempt which we are now going for is one
committed against the authority that author-
ized the committee; that is, the joint authority.
We all agree—my friend does not maintain
otherwise, I am sure—that we cannot punish
alone here, either by delegation or otherwise,
sneh a contempt as that. We are therefore
driven to the conclusion that whefi we catch
this man we are to try him and adjudge him
guilty and punish him if he turns out to be
guilty for a contempt against us. Then the
effect of this resolution (and putting that con-
struction upon it, it is of no great importance
in point of principle) merely amounts to ask-
ing tiie House of Representatives to consent
that we may punish a contempt against our-
selves, and thereby by implication, as it is
supposed, to agree that they will not punish
the same act, which was at the same time a
contempt against them. Stated in that way
it would seem to be almost a work of superero-
gation, bordering on the ludicrous, to send
over to the House of Representatives a reso-
lution asking them to consent to a proposition
of that kind.
So then, Mr. President, without occupying
the time of the Senate further, the more you
discuss it the more it seems clear to my mind.
