1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3623
Now, then, let us apply the principle which
■will apply as well to hundreds of like cases.
That is settled. If'the principle is right the
number should not affect it: and because there
is only one case, itought not to give any rights.
The question is this: is this Government re-
sponsible to its ciiizens for property destroyed
in war, for actual destruction of property in
the course of carrying on military operations?
I may say that principle has not been, so far as
I know, recognized by any Government in any
country. Whether it ought to be law is for
Congress to determine. Here, certainly, is a
meritorious case. But the question is whether
the loss shall not lie where it fell, as other
losses during the war. A fortiori, should prop-
erty destroyed by the enemy be compensated
for? Take, for instauce, the case of the burn-
ing of the iron-furnace of Thaddeus Stevens,
and the destruction of Chambersburg, Penn-
sylvania. Then the various burnings by the
public enemy in the loyal States should be
compensated for on the same principle. But
the question here is to eliminate the principle.
We had this thing in the war with Great
Britain. I wish 1 had the time to give the
cases. My memory is not so fresh in refer-
ence to them as it was. One of them is where
British troops having landed on the coast of
Massachusetts, they called upon the selectmen
to furnish them with cattle, and the selectmen
took the q«tontity of cattle wanted and prom-
ised to pay for tbetn. One of the men who
furnished the cattle sued for them, and the
court held he could not recover, because it
was one ot' the casualties of war, and if the
cattle had not been given up the enemy would
have taken them.
That is one of the cases I remember; and
I think on examination such will be found to
be the principle.
Mr. ivELLEY". , Mr. Speaker, I wish to call
attention to a ease illustrative ot the law ; and
that is the case of a chief engineer of the
Navy, B. P. Whipple, who owned a few acres
of laud and a handsome cottage just beyond
the Potomac. He was away on one of our
naval vessels off Charleston. While his wife
and children were in possession of the cottage
with the garden and some woodlands, their
wood was cut down, the garden despoiled, and
finally the engineer of our Army decided the
house must be taken down, because it was a
cover for the enemy. By lii3 order the cottage
was razed in the view of the wife and children
of that engineer, while he was away off the
coast of Charleston. It has been held by
every authority lo which the ease has been
brought that the Government cannot,in accord-
ance with law, make any compensation for
the destruction of that house. Mr. Whipple
died just after the close of the war, leaving
nothing but that estate in land to his widow
and to his orphan children, who are to-day, the
court having held they could not be compen-
sated for the house which was destroyed, peti-
tioners before the southern claims commission
for money due them for the wood taken by the
quartermaster's department.
Now, I think that case a much stronger one
than that before the House. It is certainly as
strong a one. The father and head of the
family was away in the service of the Govern-
ment, in the naval service, when our troops
by order, and after investigation of the subject,
removed the house. If that cannot be paid
for to the widow and orphans, I do not see
how the law can be stretched to cover any
other case.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I yield a few
minutes to my colleague on the committee, the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Smith.]
Mr. SMITH, of New York. This case will
be of so much consequence as a precedent that
it is of vital importance that the House should
not act upon it inconsiderately. A precedent
like that to which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] refers, of claims for
property destroyed in a State which was in
rebellion, stands upon a clear, definite basis
of international law. That law is stated in
the case of Mrs. Alexander's cotton, 2 Wal-
lace's Reports, Supreme Court of the United
States.
" The principle"—
I read from the head-notes—
"The principle that personal dispositions of the
individual inhabitants of ensmy territory as dis-
tinguished from those of the enemy people gener-
ally cannot, in questions of capture, be inquired
into, applies in civil wars as international. Hence,
all the people of any district that was in insurrection
against the United States in the southern rebellion
are to be regarded as enemies, except in so far as
by action of the Government itself that relation
may have been changed."
Now, sir, the Committee of Claims, in the
consideration of the many bills which have
been before them, have planted themselves
upon this legal principle, which is thoroughly
well settled, and have refused to recommend
the passage of any bills, although several such
have passed the Senate, making compensation
for property destroyed within the enemy ter-
ritory belonging to loyal citizens. And the
passage of this bill in the interest of Dr.
Best, a loyal man, whose noble conduct should
receive some recognition at the hands of Con-
gress, situated in a State which was not enemy
territory, stands like a good tub on its own
bottom, and will be no precedent which will
inure to the disadvantage of the Treasury.
Mr. SHELDON. Will the gentleman state
what is the principle in this case?
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I will do so.
But let me first make a distinction. If this
property of Dr. Best had been destroyed by
the Union forces fighting a battle in the open
field, I should myself doubt if the property
was taken for the public use.
Mr. CROSSLAND. Will the gentleman
allow me 
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Not at this
moment. But where our national forces locate
a fort right adjoining the property of Dr.
Best, I beg gentlemen to bear in mind it is no
casualty of war ; the enemy are ipso facto in-
duced to make their attack at that spot.
Then when it becomes necessary for the com-
mander of that fort to destroy that property,
I beg leave to submit, with great deference
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Siiella-
barger,] that that property is clearly taken
for the public use, even within the meaning
of the Constitution.
Mr. SHELDON. Suppose that had oc-
curred in a State in rebellion; suppose a man's
house had been taken in making a range for
the guns, or for the purpose of constructing a
bridge across a stream, and suppose the owner
of the property was a loyal man ?
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I have stated
to the gentleman that that is within the prin-
ciple which was supposed to be settled by the
United States Supreme Court,, and which is
found thoroughly well settled in the publicists
Grotius, Vattel, PufFendorf, &c., and is also
thoroughly well settled by the decision in the
Sue Murphy case, after a debate of some
months in the Senate. Sueh a case would
not rest upon a substantial basis, and the
claims could not be allowed because within
this principle. It becomes enemy property,
and therefore there is no claim founded upon
any legal basis.
Mr. SHELDON. Bat the decision Is that
that principle may be changed. Now, I ask
the gentleman if we have not changed that
principle in the act of March 3, 1871, and in
the very bill that we have passed here to-day
paying claims provided for in that act to loyal
citizens of the States which were i  rebellion ?
Mr. SMITH, of New York. And it is
changed with reference to captured and aban-
doned property.
Mr. SHELDON. No, sir.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Yes, sir; in
reference to captured and abandoned property
in the act of 1803, when the owner shows his
loyalty.
Mr. SHELDON. The act of March 3, 1871,
provided for the payment of commissary and
quartermasters' stores and boats belonging to
loyal citizens in the States in rebellion.
Now, will the gentleman show me the differ-
ence between taking a man's house down to
make a clear range for guns, and taking it for
making bridges for the Army to pass over the
streams, and taking his horses, cattle, and Cora
for the use of the Army? The principle is the
same in each case, and the property of loyal
citizens ought to be paid for whenever it has
been taken or destroyed to advance the cause
of the Government, and was not destroyed
through the casualities of war.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I am only ar-
guing the question upon the principles of law
now accepted. I do not say there is any differ-
ence in principle between personal property,
such as commissary stores, and real estate ne-
cessarily destroyed. I say injustice and equity
claims for real estate ought to be paid aud I
say they will be paid, but our committee has
up to this time planted itself upon the recog-
nized decision of the House and has not gone
beyond it.
Mr. SHELDON. I protest, in the discus-
sion of this case, against settling a principle
that shall preclude hereafter or commit Con-
gress against the payment of loyal men for
the taking of personal or real property for
the use of the Army of the United States or
destroyed under a military necessity.
Mr. SMITH, ofNew York. When the proper
time comes I shall be found with the gentle-
man, but we are not driven to accept that
extreme position.
One point more, and I will take my seat. I
will read now, if the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Shellabarger] will give his attention,
from the decision of the Supreme Court in the
case of Mitchell vs. Harmony, in which Chief
Justice Taney, in his opinion, says, as to the
liability of the Government for the acts of a
military officer:
"There are occasions in which private property
may be lawfully taken or destroyed to prevent it
from falling into the hands of the public enemy;
also where a military officer charged with a partic-
ular duty may impress private property into the
public service or take it for the public use. Unques-
tionably in such cases the Government is bound to
make full compensation to the owner."
Now, I beg to ask this question, and it seems
to me to be a clear and simple one: suppose
this house of Dr. Best had been a grist-mill
and the commander of the fort at Paducah had
taken possession of it and destroyed it to pre-
vent its falling into the hands of the enemy,
would there be any question that it had been
taken for the public use, and so far as my con-
victions are concerned I do not deem it neces-
sary to base this measure upon the proceed-
ings for the condemnation of this property?
If it had been a grist-mill taken eo instanti,
to prevent its falling into the hands of the
enemy, it was no more essential, no more ser-
viceable to the public use than if it was taken
to prevent the rebel sharp-shooters from occu-
pying it and picking off our men in the fort.
One word more. I beg to call the attention
of the House to the decision in the case of
William S. Grant against the United States,
decided in the Court of Claims, but very much
discussed since, and recognized as sound law
by the very ablest lawyers in the Senate, if not
in this House.
The head notes of the case are as follows s
"The officer of the United States commanding
troops in the vicinity of Tucson, Arizona, ordershis
subordinate to destory such Government stores as he
cannot transport, together with sueh private prop-
erty of the claimant as may bo of value to the pub-
lie enemy or to the disloyal people of Tucson. The
subordinate ofScer, acting under circumstances of
immediateand primary necessity, notifies theclaica-
arst tosavo his papers, and in half an hour fires his
mills and other property.
" The taking ot private property for use or for de-
struction, when the public exigency demands it, by
a military officer commanding any part of the pub-
lie forces, is an exercise of the right of eminent
domain.
" Whenever the officer is justified the Government
