1B72.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
935
issued the certificate to contestant; but his
desire to see the law vindicated, as it had been
grossly assailed and outraged right under the
shadow of the capitol of the fcState, and as
the law, which reqnires the certificate to be
issued thirty days after the election, is simply
directory and not mandatory in its character,
and the withholding of the certificate after that
time untii questions of frauds in the election
could be inquired into, has been practiced so
often by the various Executives of the different
States, further comment on this point is un-
necessary. Governor Clayton preferred the
more prudent, wiser, and safer course. There
was not an individual in the county of Pulaski,
outside of this " Briudie-taii" faction,who was
not horrified at the bold and daring frauds
perpetrated by these men, and in the proof
of this assertion I will read a communication
addressed to Governor Clayton by the Demo-
cratic candidates for the Legislature in Pulaski
county.
To his Excellency, Powell Clayton,
Governor of til". State of Arkansas:
SlK: The undersigned respectfully represent unto
your Excellency that at the general election in the
townships of Ashley, Campbell, Eastman, and Gray,
and the precinct ot Badgett, in Big Rock township,
in Pulaski county, on the 8th day of November
instant, the judges regularly and duly appointed
by the board ot registrars or review of said county
of Pulaski, to hold the election m said townships
respectively, were at the several voting places
therein promptly at the hour fixed by law for the
opening "of the polls thereat, but found the voting
places in the possession of armed bodies of men
pretending to not as judges of said election under
authority irom William S. Oliver, sheriff of Pulaski
county, George "VV". McDiarmid, clerk uf said county,
and It. P. Cattorson. United States marshal for the
eastern district of Arkansas; that the persons so
pretending to act as such judges held forcible pos-
session of said voting places by intimidation and
threats of personal violence, drove the duly ap-
pointed judges therefrom, and proceeded to hold a
pretended election, at which persons of all ages
were permitted to vote without regard to registra-
tion or residence, arid to vote as olten as they chose.
The undersign further represent that in the first
ward of the cit> of Little Iiock, in said county of
Pulaski, a mob of armed men by personal violence
of a serious and disgraceful character, drove the
regularly appointed judges from the voting place
therein as early as six a. in., and being subsequently
dispossessed, proceeded to hold an election 111 the
streets near by, at which all who applied were per-
mitted to vote as often as they choso, and that with-
out regard to age, residence, or registration, and
that the same t hing was done in the Third ward of
said city of Little ltock.
The undesigned attach hereto the affidavits of
divers pei.-ons attesting the truth of the foregoing
statements.
.£he undersigned further represent that they are
informed that the cleik of the county court of said
county of Pulaski proposes to include in his abstracts
of said election the returns ot said pretended and
fraudulent elections in the said townships of Ashley,
Eastrann, Campbell, and Gray, Badgett's precinct
in Big Rock, and in the said first and third wards in
the city of Little Rock, and in the latter instance to
ignore the returns of the regular election therein.
The undersigned piay your Excellency to declare
said election in said townships void; or, if that can-
not be done, to see that only the legal and valid re-
turns are included in the abstracts «f said election.
R. S. (tANTT,
E. H. CHAMBERLAIN,
It. A. HOWARD,
0. H- W1LIT T13 MO HE,
V1LSIJIRE RILEY,
j. w. iioiren,
L. B. MITCHELL.
Now deduct from the votes returned for
Boles, 10,844, all the illegal votes cast for
him. as above shown, namely, 2,385, and add
the legal votes polled for him in the same
places, as above shown, and it results thus:
10,344—2,385+30=7,994, Boles's legal vote.
Now deduct from the votes returned for
Edwards, 8,211, the illegal votes as shown
above, namely, 202, and add the legal votes,
456, and the legal vote for Edwards will stand
thus:
8,211-202+456=8,465
Deduct legal vote for Boles   7,994
Majority for Edwards    471
Mr. Speaker, it appears from the returns
first filed in the office of the secretary of State
that contestant received 10,344 votes and eoti-
testee 8,211 votes. If those returns had not
been to some extent fraudulent, illegal, and
void, contestant would have been entitled to
the certificate. Deducting the votes which
were fraudulently and illegally polled in the
townships of Eagle and in the first and third
wards of the city of Little Rock, and adding
the votes which were regularly and legally
polled in said township and wards, the result
shows for contestant 9,516 votes, and for eon-
testee 8,652 votes. From these figures sub-
tract the number of votes polled in the town-
ship of Gray, Badgett, Eastman, Campbell,
and Ashley, all of which were iouiid to be
fraudulent and illegal, after a careful investi-
gation by a joint committee of the two houses
of the General Assembly of the State, and by
act of said General Assembly declared void, and
the result will show for contestant 7,5)94 votes,
and for coutestee 8,465 votes. This plain and
truthful statement of the case gives contestee
a majority of 451 votes. It is so simple that
any school-boy may comprehend it, as the
following table will show :
Votes first returned to the office of secre-
tary of State from the third district in the
State of Arkansas, were, for Boles, 10,344 ;
Edwards, 8,211; deduct illegal votes polled in
township of Eagle, 104 ; first and ihird wards,
city of Little Rock, 759; total illegal votes
for Boles, 863. Total.illegal votes for Edwards
in the above places, 15.
Boles. Edwards.
Add legal votes polled in the town-
ship of Eagle ..  - 70
Eirst and third wards of Little Rock 35 386
Total oflegal votes  35 456
Now deduct illegal votes polled in
the township of Gt ay  33 81
In the township ot Badgett  234 3
In the township of Eastman  356 15
In the township of Campbell  345 13
In the township of Ashley  554 75
Total illegal votes 1,522 187
On this plain showing Powell Clatton, then
the Executive of the State, issued the certifi-
cate of election to coutestee, for which faith-
ful performance of his sworn duty certain cor-
rupt partisan leaders have sought to destroy
him. Justice Story once said that " legislation
would cease to be national, that it would be
wise by accident and bad by system," when
"the best talents and best virtues" should be
"driven from office by intrigue or corruption,
by the ostracism of the press, or the still more
unrelenting persecution of party." This, how-
ever, may not be altogether applicable to the
case under consideration.
Mr. Speaker, in the township of Ashley
there are 581 registered voters, while the fraud-
ulent returns show that 629 votes were polled,
making 48 votes more than there were regis-
tered voters in said township. The joint com-
mittee of the General Assembly of the State
to investigate these fraudulent returns con-
eluded their report as follows:
"Your committee now desire to call attention to
the fact that in Ashley township the election was
opened before the hour prescribed by law, and by
judges who had no authority to act, as the regular
judges were present and ready to hold the election,
and to the turther fact that as many as seventy
armed men were there for the purpose of intimida-
tion. The same thing is true in Gray, Badgett,
Eastman, and Campbell.
"Your committee arc therefore of opinion that
the elections in those townships (Gray, Badgett,
Eastman, and Campbell) ought to be declared void
for the reasons stated. As to the township ot Eagle,
and the first and third wards of the city of Little
Rock, your committee are of opinion that the elec-
tions held under the auspices of Dr. Hartman by
Foster, Bates, and Krull, in the first ward, and in the
third ward under the management of Alose** Reed,
(Brooks's brother-in-law.) by firnvman, Holland, and
Divine, and in the township of Eagle by the irregu-
lar judges, are absolutely void, and m this view we
are supported and sustained hy the supreme court
of the State in Howard et al. vs. McDiarmid, and by
the action of the senate in the contested-election
case of Riley against Brooks, from the tenth district.
MA.LLORY,
Chairman of Senate Joint Committee."
In the township of Ashley more than in any
other township in Pulaski county did the
"Brindle-tail" mob hold high carnival. Force
and intimidation were so palpable in that
township that the joint committee singled it
out in making up their report, and placed it
at the bead of the list of townships in which
high-handed outrage upon the rights of simple-
hearted loyal voters was most rampant. Hav-
ing named some of the lawless acts, ihey refer
especially to the presence of an armed mob of
"as many as seventy armed men," which they
say "were there" (in Ashley township) "for
the purpose of intimidation." "Thesamo
thing is true in Gray, Badgett, Eastman,A and
Campbell." Like outrages were practised in
Ashley, Gray, Badgett, Eastman, and Camp-
bell; therefore, in the opinion of the joint
committee, as expressed in the report, tho
elections in these townships ought to be de-
clared void.
Now if the elections in Gray, Badgett, East-
man, and Campbell townships ought to ba
declared void because force and intimidation
were resorted to to secure certain results,
then the elections in all other townships in
Pulaski county, in which said committee found
that force and intimidation were resorted to,
ought to be declared void also. They found
that force and intimidation were resorted to in
Ashley township ; therefore, in their opinion,
the election in Ashley township ought to be
declared void, and it was declared void by the
adoption of the report of said committee, iqt
the same category with Gray, Eastman, Bad-
gett, and Campbell.
This was manifestly the intention of the
joint committee and also of the General As-
sembly ot the State at the time; and if there is
a reasonable doubt in regard to what the inten-
tion was, the side of law and order should have
the benefit of that doubt. But the honorable
Committee of Eleciio-ns of this House, in their
wisdom, take a different view of the matter.
They hold that tho election in Ashley town-
ship was not, declared void as the elections in
the other townships were, because Ashley was
not written down with Gray, Badgett, _East-
mafa, and Campbell in the parenthesis, or
because the word "also" was not inserted
between the words "ought" and "to," next
after the parenthesis."' In either case their
reason in all probability was due solely to
clerical carelessness. This honorable cora-
mitte refuse to recognize the action of the
Legislature and the decision of the supreme
court of a sovereign State as having any bear-
ing on this case, as of any validity in determin-
ing the right of a member to retain his seat ob
this floor.
This may and doubtless does seem right and
justifiable to the members of this honorable
committee, but it is hard for the contestee^ to
reconcile it with his notions of ethics. The
'action which this House is about to take ought
to forever settle the question of admissibility
of this class of evidence in determining the
rights of members in cases of this kind ; but
whatever the action of this House may be, it
will have no bearing on cases where the inquiry
is in reference to who is entitled to the certificate
of election. Itmsv unsettle or upset precedent.
There have been several cases similar to this
where the coutestee was sustained by the Com-
mittee of Elections and this honorable body ;
although in no case was contestee so well forti-
fied as in this one. I might refer to the case
of Clark vs. Giddings from Texas, fresh in the
memory of the members of this House; or to
the cases of Sweetsjler vs. Dyer from the State
of Missouri, in the Fortieth and Forty-First
Congresses.
In these cases Sweetzler had a clear major-
ity of several thousand votes, but the Gov-
ernor or secretary of Missouri, on the mere
statement or affidavit of some individual or
individuals, threw out the returns of .whole
counties in order to change the result, so that
a certificate might be issued to Dyer, the con-
testee in these cases. The Executive of Mis-
souri in these cases was sustained by the
Fortieth and Forty-First Congresses, although
he came here without the indorsement of the
Legislature and courts of his State.
