l8?2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
272?
Section three of the act of 1868 reads as fol-
lows:
"That whenever ifc shall be material in any suit
or claim before any court to ascertain whether any
person did or did not give any aid or comfort to the
late rebellion, the claimant or party asserting the
loyalty of any such person to the United States
during such rebellion shall be required to prove
affirmatively that such person did, daring said re-
bellion, consistently adhere to the United States,
and did give no aid or comfort to persons engaged in
said rebellion; and the voluntary residence of any
such person in any place where, at any time during
such residence, the rebel force or organization held
sway, shall be primafacie evidence that such person
did give aid and comfort to said rebellion and to
the persons engaged therein."
Now, we have a statute enacted in 1863,
amended in 1868, which declares that no dis-
loyal person shall have any standing in the
Court of Claims; that that court shall not
take jurisdiction of a case unless the petition
alleges—it must be set forth in the petition-
that he is loyal. I will read that part of the
act:
"That any petition filed under this act shall be veri-
fied by the affidavit of the claimant, his agent or at-
torney, stating that no assignment or tram fer of said
claim, or any part thereof, or any interest therein,
has been made, except as in said petition stated;
that said claimant is justly entitled to the amount
therein claimed from the United States, after allow-
ing all just oredits and offsets ; and that he believes
the facts as stated in said petition are true."
Then comes this proviso:
"Provided, however, That in order to authorize the
said court to render a judgment in favor of any claim-
ant if a citizen of the United States, it shall be set
forth in the petition that the claimant, and the ori-
ginal and every prior owner thereof, where the claim
has been assigned, has at all times borne true alle-
giance," &c.
That is if he is a citizen ; and if he is not a
citizen, he is to prove that he has not volun-
tarily aided, abetted, or given encouragement
to the rebellion. This must be set forth in
the petition; issue may be taken upon it; and
when that issue is taken, if it appears that the
claimant was in a district of country which
was at anytime under the control of the rebels,
then that is prima facie evidence that he was
disloyal. That is the law; and when it appears
that he is disloyal, the law says his petition
shall be dismissed. What more can we do ?
Mr. POMEROY. The point is as to a
pardon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the pardon takes it
out, it is upon the principle that the Constitu-
tion of the United States gives that effect to
the pardon.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the basis.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can legislation alter
that?
Mr. POMEROY. We eannot alter the Con-
stitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Legislature cannot
alter the Constitution. So far as the Legisla-
ture can go we have said that this class of per
sons shall have no standing in the Court of
Claims; their petitions shall be dismissed.
We have provided a rule of evidence, making
it easy to determine the question, and putting
the burden of proof on the claimant to show
his loyalty.
Now, if it be true that such an effect is given
to the pardon as it is contended, and that we
have no right to define the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims, we cannot alter it by legisla-
tion ; but I am very free to say that I do not
believe a pardon has any such effect. I think
we have a right to organize the Court of Claims,
and give it such jurisdiction as we think proper,
and having organized the Court of Claims,
and having said that a certain class of persons
shall have no standing in that court, I think
we have done all we can do by legislation. We
might provide that a man whose hair was white
should not sue in the Court of Claims, and
if it appeared in evidence that he had white
hair, that his petition should be dismissed. It
would be a very unreasonable and unwise thing
to do; but I think the constitutional power of
Congress to provide a Court of Claims that
should only have jurisdiction of cases brought
by persons whose hair was of a particular color,
cannot be questioned.
There is one objection to this amendment of
the S-snator frOm Vermont that I will now
state. I think it only reenacts the law as it is,
and I see no objection to reenacting it; but 
Mr. CONKLING. Before the Senator leaves
the point he has been commenting on, I should
like to make a suggestion. I agree with him
in the dissent he expresses as to the effect of
a pardon. I cannot, however, agree with the
doubt he expresses as to the power to correct
this in consequence by legislation, and I sug-
gest to the Senator that if we provide, as this
amendment in the latter clause does, that
although the Supreme Court may differ with
us as to the effect of a pardon, although the
court may ignore altogether such provisions
as the Senator has been reading, no judgment
shall be paid and nothing shall be received by a
claimant except upon the special permission
and interposition of Congress, as was formerly
required in the case of all judgments in the
Court of Claims. When we enact that, for
example, I think we answer the Senator's
question, What can we do to prevent it? We
do that which practically keeps the money in
the Treasury and prevents it going out, and
after all, that is the thing for which we are
laboring. I suggest to the Senator that that
one provision in this amendment does do some-
thing in spite of what any court may decide.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was about to com
ment, when I was interrupted upon this last
clause, that no money shall be paid out of
the Treasury except in pursuance of an appro-
priation specifically made by Congress in each
case. I believe that is the purport of it. If
that provision is adopted, it takes away the
right of appeal. The Court of Claims, as
originally organized, was a mere committee of
Congress ; its reports were made to Congress,
and then each case was investigated here and
our Committee on Claims passed upon it, and
if Congress appropriated the money, very well,
the claim was paid; and if it did not, the claim-
ant got nothing. It was found that we had a
a cumbersome and useless machinery ; that
claimants were put to the trouble first of going
to the court, having a judicial investigation,
obtaining a judgment in their favor, and then
the whole case was reinvestigated here by a com-
mittee of our own, and the claimant had all
this trouble twice over. If he was going to
prove his claim before a committee of Con-
gress, it was unnecessary to go to the Court
of Claims.
Congress on consideration, about ten years
ago, provided that the judgments of the Court
of Claims should be paid out of the Treasury
from a general fund appropriated by Congress
for that purpose, just as we appropriate a gen-
eral fund to pay the expenses of the War or the
Navy Department, or the civil service, and not
a specific appropriation for each specific thing.
We provided in that law for an appeal. We
had provided before this for appeals from the
Court of Claims to the Supreme Court of the
United States, but the Supreme Court of the
United States decided that they had no juris-
diction of appeals from the Court of Claims
while Congress had power over a judgment of
that court, that it was not a final decision, that
it amounted to a mere report of a committee,
and that from such a decision of such a court
no appeal lay to the Supreme Court of the
United States, and they refused to entertain
jurisdiction. We then provided, as I have
stated, for the payment of those judgments
directly out of the Treasury from a general
fund which is appropriated every session of
Congress. I do not remember the amount we
appropriate, I think sometimes $300,000 ; the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
will perhaps remember how much we are
appropriating this year for the judgments of
the Court of Claims. I presume not over
half a million, if that much.
Mr. COLE. I do not remember.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not exceeding half a
million is it? I think it amounts to about
half a million a year, or something less ; the
amount is not large.
Mr. COLE. That item of appropriation
has not yet come from the House at this ses'
sion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In former years it was
that; and I suppose it would be about the
same this year. I am quite sure it does not
exceed half a million a year on the average,
and out of this all the ordinary judgments of
the Court of Claims are paid. I do not know
but that there is some special provision in
regard to the payment of the judgments for
captured and abandoned cotton. Perhaps
there maybe some provision distinct in respect
to that; I am not quite sure. But if we incor-
porate this provision here that is now proposed
to be inserted by the Senator from Vermont,
we take away the right of appeal to the
Supreme Court in these cases; we change the
character of the Court of Claims in reference
to this class of cases. I do not think we
should do that. I do not think that we should
alter the authority to appeal in these cases
and make them exceptional. So far as we
have the power to legislate I think we have
legislated that persons who are disloyal should
have no standing in this court, and if we
cannot trust our own court to enforce our
laws perhaps we had better abolish it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Illi-
nois has stated the very difficulty I had in the
examination I made of this matter a week
ago, but I came to a different conclusion from
that at which he seems to have arrived, and I
say that if the Supreme Court are able by
their decision to defeat the plain and positive
declaration of Congress in organizing a court
to aid us in the examination of claims against
the Government of the United States, I would
abolish the Court of Claims entirely.
The Court of Claims is a tribunal that has
sprung up within a short time. At first it was
only intended to examine claims that grew out
of contracts, in cases where a contract, ex-
press or implied, existed between the Govern-
ment of the United States and an individual.
The remedy of appealing to Congress had
proved in many cases to be open to objection.
To an honest claimant it was very difficult for
him to enforce his claim ; to a small claim it
was practically no remedy at all, because the
expenses of applying to Congress were gen-
erally so great that it was utterly impossible to
present small claims, and where any doubtful
principle was involved the appeal to Congress
was simply the denial of a remedy. It was
only in great claims, where the amounts were
$50,000, $100,000, or $500,000 that the par-
ties could afford to come here, and then fraud
supervened, and many cases arose where the
Government of the United States was de-
frauded. 1 could mention half a dozen claims
where, during my experience, it was subse-
quently shown that the Government had been
largely defrauded by false testimony and a
false claim.
At last this Court of Claims was organized
to assist Congress, simply with power to send
for persons and papers, with power to exam-
ine witnesses, with the aid of attorneys, and
with other means which Congress would not
exercise and could not- exercise through its
own committees, to examine into claims.
Finally it proved to be so useful that the
power of the court was enlarged, the num-
ber of its judges increased, the salaries given
to them were increased, and their jurisdiction
was finally extended until their judgment
amounted to an appropriation by Congress,
and the court proved to be a very salutary aid
to the administration of justice between the
Government and individuals.
During the war when we passed the bill for
seizing abandoned property, property, aban-
doned by its owners on the advance of our
armies—when that process was going on during
the war, then for the first time we commenced
to give to this court power over matters grow-
