THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mqy 18,
is liable. The state of the facts as they appeared to
the officer when ho acted must govern the decision.
"Thereis no discrimination to be made between
property taken to be used and property taken to be
•It is no defense that the circumstances must have
rendered the property valueless to the owner if the
officer had not destroyed it. It is the imminence of
danger that gives the State a right to destroy prop-
erty: but the certainty of the danger does not
relieve the State from liability for the property
which it takes to destroy."
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Now, right there,
if the gentleman will allow me, I am glad he
has read that, for it brings before the House
exactly the legal principle involved. The
court there recognizes that in that case there
was an actual physical takingand an appro-
priation of the property, not in idea, not in
contemplation, but in fact.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In this
case it was in fire.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. It makes no dif-
ference in the case of provender, for instance,
whether you feed it to your horses, or destroy
it that it may not go to the enemy. It is the
act and fact of taking that makes the appro-
priation and the legal liability in the class of
cases there stated. Now that is wanting here;
there was no taking here, except that destruc-
tion which occurred in war; that is it-
Mr. SMITH, of Ohio. Will the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sheli,abarger] tell me what
taking there was insetting the mill on fire?
That was all that was done.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Does the gentle-
man want an answer?
' Mr.'SMITH, of Ohio. I want to know how
to distinguish the cases.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The distinction
is this: 1 understand that Dr. Best's property
was occupied by the enemy. It was shelled
by our troops, and its destruction occurred in
actual war.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman is mistaken.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. What was done?
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Let me set
the gentleman right. It is in proof in the
papers in this case that after the rebel forces
had been in occupation of that building they
marched out of the city of Paducah, and at
thetime of the destruction of tho building they
were twenty miles distant.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Ah, yes; but it
was in the conflict of actual war. The enemy
had just occupied the building ; they had been
driven out, and it was because of the appre-
hension that they would return to it that its
destruction was ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is just ex-
actly the difference, tho difference between
apprehension and conflict. It was because
there was an apprehension that harm would
come to our troops that, the commander ordered
tbedestructiou of this building in order to pre-
vent future difficulty. There was no flagrant
, war, no raging conflict; but it was a clear, delib-
erate destruction of a piece of private property,
in order to save a greater destruction should
a battle occur the next day. That is the differ-
ence.
Mr. BLATR, of Michigan. I think I must
resume the floor, and call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. PEROE. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman one question, the answer to which will
govern my vote.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I will hear the
gentleman's question.
Mr. PERCE. My question is, whether fhe
principle upon which the committee have
based their report precludes any claim of a
similar character made against the Govern-
ment by .citizens of a seceding State?
Mr. BLAIR-, of Michigan. It does not
touch that (Juestion at all in any way.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, t desire to ask
another question ; it is whether there enters
into the $25,000 proposed to be paid in this
case any sum resulting from damage done to
the property of Dr. Best by the enemy? If
there does, then I shall vote against the bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I here does not.
I will read aii extract from the Senate report
in this case:
"But it is the opinion of the committee that the
injuries to the claimant's house by shelling out the
rebels in the battle of the 25th of March may be re-
garded as a casualty by the genera! ravages of war.
which might properly bo deducted from the amount
of !oss proved by claimant. And as no proof is
found of the injury during the battle, and as the
burning of the property followed so soon after the
battle as to almost preclude the possibility of proof
upon that point, the committee have reported a bill
for the payment of $25,000. instead of the fall amount
of damages, proved at $27,653 93."
That excludes any ciaim on that account.
I now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
read a third time ; and it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMBROSE J. CLARK.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, also_ reported
from the Committee of Claims a bill (H. R.
No. 2790) for the relief of Ambrose J. Clark,
paymaster in the Navy ; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill authorizes and requires the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to credit
Ambrose J. Clark, paymaster in the Navy, in
the settlement of his accounts, with the sum
of $29,04944, the amount of Government funds
embezzled by his late clerk, without any fault,
neglect, or connivance of Clark, and while he
was on duty as paymaster at New York in the
year 18G8.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the report accom-
panying this bill be read.
The report, which was read, states that
Clark was appointed a paymaster in the Navy
September 23, 18G1, and has held the office
ever since. In July 1, 1867, he was ordered
to the receiving-ship at New York, and re-
mained there until December 10,1868. Upon
arriving thereto enter upon his duties he found
one 11. D. Bogart acting as clerk of Paymaster
Hassler,the predecessor of Clark. Bogart w^s
highly recommended by the officers on the
ship, and Clark retained him as his clerk.
On the 1st of December, 1808, Bogart robbed
the paymaster's safe of 89,754 43, and ab-
sconded. Upon examination it appeared that
he had been embezzling the funds for some
time previously, and bad concealed his crime
by false entries in the books of the paymaster's
office. Mr. Clark asks that he may be relieved
from the consequences of the robbery and em-
bezzlement by Bogart, for all which he now
stands charged in his accounts with the De-
partment.
It appears clearly, from the evidence before
the committee, that the defalcation in the ac-
counts of Paymaster Clark is owing wholly to
the embezzlement of the clerk, Bogart. It ap-
pears also that there was 110 negligence in the
appointment of the clerk. On the contrary,
Mr. Clark seems to have come to the receiving-
ship a stranger, and found Bogart already
there acting as clerk, and familiar with the
business. He was strongly recommended by
Paymaster Hassler, and all the officers of the
ship, as a very competent and trustworthy
clerk. Underthese circumstancesthe appoint-
ment was certainly not imprudent.
When the defalcation was discovered Mr.
Clark acted promptly and with great energy,
which resulted finally in the arrest of Bogart
at Houston, Texas, by Mr. Clark himself. In
this pursuit Clark expended considerable sums
of money, and regained some portion of the
embezzled funds. Bogart was delivered into
the hands of the Government officers, and was
duly tried and convicted and sentenced by a
court-martial. The conviction before the
court-martial was not, however, approved by
the Secretary of the Navy, but was set aside
for reasons not very satisfactory, and that the
prosecution of Bogart has not been since pur-
sued with the energy which it deserved is to be
attributed to some reason to be looked for p,t
tlje Navy Department which is not apparent
to the committee. Bogart is still at laige with
an order out for his arrest, which remains un-
executed, though he came voluntarily before
the committee during the last Congress, and
testifiedfor days in regard to this matter. The
committee has asked the Secretary of the Navy
why he has not been arrested, and has received
for answer that the Department cannot find
him.
These constitute all the substantia^ facts
bearing directly upon the defalcation in the
accounts of Paymaster Clark, and in the
opinion of the committee, they entitle him to
relief against the fraud and embezzlement of
his clerk. But Bogart asserts in his voluntary
testimony that the paymaster had upon one
occasion loaned $30,000 of the funds of the
Government in his hands. It is not claimed,
however, that' any loss was incurred by this
loan; and it also appears that the so-caljed
loan was a mere deposit in a safe bank, with
no agreement for interest, and no interest was
received. The deposit was upon call, and the
money was drawn out of the banl^before this
defalcation occurred. The committee, there-
fore, recommend the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall have to ask my
colleague on the committee to yield me a few
minutes.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Will five minutes
be sufficient?
Mr. HOLMAN. I think I can say all I
desire to say in five minutes.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, in the few
minutes accorded to me I can hardly hope to
be able to do more than vindicate my own
sense of what is due to the Government in
reference to matters of this kind. I am com-
pelled to object to the passage of this bill, and
I do it with greater reluctance as I have known
very well upon the floor of this House a gen-
tlewan ver>; nearly connected with the one
whose case is now under consideration. I am
constrained, however, to say that in my judg-
ment, after a very careful consideration of
the evidence in this case, alter considering
the testimony of Clark, the paymaster, and
Bogart, the clerk, who is alleged to have com-
mitted this embezzlement, there is no just
foundation for the relief which this bill pro-
poses to grant.
I know, sir, that although our history is full
of cases of defalcation involving large losses
to the Government, yet when a question of
this kind comes before the House it is taken
for granted that the party claiming relief is
entitled to receive it. I shall scarcely hope to
arrest the attention of the House except on a
single point. Mr. Clark, the paymaster, was
stationed at the receiving-ship in the harbor
of New York. While there, and a year per-
haps before this embezzlement occurred, he
had withdrawn from the sub-Treasury of New
York the sum of $30,000. He withdrew it
from the sub-Treasury as a paymaster; and
he deposited it in bank to the credit of one
Mr. Sherman, who was the father-in-law of this
paymaster. This $30,000 remained on deposit
to the credit of Sherman, for the purpose of
giving him the benefit of that large credit in
the bank, until a short time before this embez-
zlement occurred. It was then withdrawn
from bank, and the embezzlement occurred
shortly after.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I lay down these prop-
ositions : when a public officer comes before
Congress asking to be released from responsi-
bility for embezzlement committed by a subor-
dinate, be must come with clean hands. In
