1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
98$
of a prophet, but I do claim to be no idle ob-
server of passing events. There are elements
at work of an extreme bitter and relentless
character, which eventually must antagonize
each other inside of the next seven years. As
by nature, the after birth must follow; as we
can logically trace cause to effect, so this nation
is rapidly tending to the crucible that is to test
it in the firey furnace of affliction, when the
very foundations on which this Government
rests will be shaken from center to circumfer-
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I now
yield ten minutes to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Arthur.]
Mr. ARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, the con-
gressional election was held in the State of
Arkansas on the 8th day of November, 1870,
in the third district, composed of the counties
of Benton, Boone, Carroll, Crawford, Clark,
Franklin, Johnson, Little River, Madison,
Marion, Montgomery, Newton, Pulaski, Perry,
Pope, Pike, Polk, Scott, Sebastian, Sevier,
Washington, and Yell.
1. Contestant alleges 825 illegal votes were
cast for contestee in the counties of Benton,
Yell, and Johnson.
2. He alleges the .legal returns of the elec-
tion legally made by the various county clerks
of the several counties composing the third
congressional district, as cast up and arranged
according to law by the secretary of State
in his office, iu the presence of the Governor,
show the following result: total vote cast,
18,564; for contestant, 10,844; for contestee,
8,211; or, deducting illegal votes in Benton,
Yell, and Johnson, 825, leaves 7,386; major-
ity for contestant, 2,958. On the other hand—
1. Contestee alleges that the legal returns
legally made by the various county clerks of
the several counties comprising the third dis-
trict, as cast up and arranged by the secretary
of State in his office according to law, in the
presence of the Governor, show the following
result: total vote cast, 1,592; for contestee,
8,009 ; for contestant, 7,959, or, deducting ille-
gal votes in the counties of Clark, Montgomery,
Pope, Sebastian, and Yell, leaves 1,050; mak-
ing the legal vote for contestant 6,909; majority
claimed by contestee, 1,100.
2. And contestee further alleges that the
returns from the county of Pulaski relied on
by contestant for the following result: for
contestant, 3,500; for contestee, 1,100; major-
ity for contestant, 2,400, are illegal returns
of illegal votes made and returned by persons
unauthorized by law to hold elections or make
election returns; and that the returns were
properly excluded from the count relied on by
him and by the Governor, as the legal basis
of the certificate of election by virtue of which
he is the sitting member in this House.
3. And contestee further alleges that the
true and legal returns of the election, made up
of legal votes legally received and returned,
show the result following: total vote in the
county of Pulaski, 1,876; for contestee, 964;
for contestant, 912; majority for contestee, 52.
4. Contestee further alleges that in the fol-
lowing fourteen counties, to wit,, Boone, Car-
rol!,Clarke, Franklin, Johnson, Marion, Perry,
Polk, Pike, Scott, Sebastian, Sevier, Washing-
ton, and Yell, 5,000 legal voters were illegally
prohibited and denied the right to vote through
the instrumentality of contestant; of which
5,000 votes contestee alleges 3,700 would have
voted for him, and increased his majority to
3,000.
5. And contestee further alleges that in the
precincts of Fort Smith, Arkadelphia, and
Yan Buren there were 450 legal votes cast for
him which were illegally destroyed and not
included in the returns on which he relies,
but which should be added to his vote, and
make a grand total of 4,050 majority.
Such substantially are the cases of the liti-
gants as presented by their respective allega-
tions and statements.
Allegation No. lof contestant is not proved.
Allegations Nos. 2, 3, 4, and 5 of contestee
are not proved.
Allegations No. 2 of contestant and No. 1
of contestee only are entitled to be consid-
ered under the evidence submitted.
To show fraud in the election returns ap-
proved and sent up by the clerk of Pulaski
county, contestee offered in evidence before
the committee papers purporting to be the
record in the proceeding of Robert A. Howard
and others vs. G. W. McDiarmid, clerk of
Pulaski county, to compel the defendant to
certify certain poll-books, or an abstract of
them, as the legal poll-books and returns of the
election in that county on the 8th of Novem-
ber, 1870, which was heard and determined on
pleadings and demurrer. This record is re-
jected as inadmissible in evidence in the pend-
ing contest between the parties to this eontest.
For a similar purpose the contestee offered
the journal and proceedings (including a cer-
tain paper called the Mallory report) of the
Legislature of the State of Arkansas in certain
contests heretofore pending in that body for
seats therein, growing out of the election for
members of the Legislature held simultaneous
with the congressional election on the 8th day
of November, 1870. This was also rejected
as incompetent evidence for any purpose in
the contest between these parties. The issue
between the parties on the evidence before us
arises out of the circumstances of the election
in the county of Pulaski.
At several precincts there were two sets
of acting officers of election and two sets of
polls, consisting of, first, officers of election
appointed by the county registrar; second, offi-
cers of election appointed by the electors at
the polls in default of the attendance of the
former at the time fixed by law for opening
the polls.
Contestee insists as to thefirstand third wards
of Little Rock, and the precinct of Eagle in
the county, that the former were alone the
legal officers of election, and the returns made
by them the only legal returns thereof, but
relies on the latter in all other voting precincts.
Contestant insists that the latter only, at the
precincts where resorted to, were the legal offi-
cers of election, and the returns made by them
the only legal returns.
The returns of the former were not made
in the poll-books prepared and furnished by
the county clerk in accordance with law. The
returns of the latter were made in the poll-
books prepared and furnished by the county
clerk in accordance with law. The officers
and returns of the former were not l-ecognized
as legal by the county clerk, by law the county
canvasser of returns. The officers and returns
of the latter were recognized as legal by the
county clerk, by law the county canvasser of
returns. By the former the total vote is set
down at 1.876; for contestee, 964; for con-
testant, 912; majority for contestee, 52.
By the latter the total vote, as returned to
the office of the secretary of State, by the
county clerk, is 4,428 : for contestant, 3,267 ;
for contestee, 1,156; majority for contestant,
2,111. If the former prevails then the sitting
member is in his own seat in tliis House.
If the latter prevails, then the sitting member
is in the seat of the contestant in this House.
The issue is now narrowed to this point, and
the solution in support of the latter is readily
found in the law of Arkansas applicable to
the case. It is found in the act of July 23,
1868, on the subject of officers of election, &c.
By the fourth section of that act it is provided
that the board of registration (not the regis-
trar) shall immediately before the election
appoint three discreet persons as judges of
election, who shall appoint two similar persons
to act as clerks; and by section seven of the
same act it is provided that if the board of
registration fails to appoint the judges of elec-
tion, or if the judges appointed fail to act, then
the voters at the polls may appoint the judges ;
and by section seventeen the act provides for
the.opening of the polls at eight o'clock in tha
morning and the closing of them at sunset of
the same day.
Now, in the affirmative of the following prop-
ositions the proof is overwhelming:
1. The time for opening the polls came and
the appointed judges had not come.
2. The people waited until their patience was
exhausted, when they elected qualified judges,
&e., who, with the regular poll books banded
them by the sheriff, proceeded and held the
election, and made the returns according to
law.
3. The election was peaceable, free, fair,
and equal. Every qualified voter voted who
wished tQ do so. To this state of fact there
is no dissent among the witnesses, with a
single exception, where the witness Diarmid
says, in Littie Rock there were several quali-
fied voters, colored men, who had been dishon-
estly registered by an, unfriendly registrar of
the name of Fitch; that these men wanted to
vote for Boles and were refused.
By subsequent sections of the above men-
tioned act the judges are required, at the close
of the election, to certify the result, attested
by the clerks, and before they disperse put
under cover the poll-books, seal and direct
them to the clerk of the county, and one of
their number is required within three days to
deliver them to the clerk of the county court.
All this is proved to have been done.
Within five days after the election, or sooner,
if all the returns are in, the county clerk is
required to compare the returns and make
written abstracts of the vote for each officer,
and sign and preserve them in his office as
records; and within ten days after he is
required to send by mail to the office of the
secretary of State certified copies of those
abstracts. All this is proved to have been
done.
By the fiftieth section of the act, it is pro-
vided that within thirty days after the time
allowed to the county clerk to make returns
of the election, the secretary of State, in the
presence of the Governor, shall cast up and
arrange the votes from the several counties,
and the Governor shall immediately thereaf-
ter issue his proclamation declaring the per-
son having the highest number of votes duly
elected to Congress, and shall give the person
so elected a certificate under the seal of the
State.
The evidence shows that R. J. T. White had
been secretary of State of the State of Arkan-
sas for a period of seven years down to the 14th
day of March, 1871, and that he acted as such
down to that time. And Mr. White proves
that the county election returns for the Forty-
Second Congress were "made pursuant to
the law of the State, received in accordance
with the law, and within the time prescribed
by law," and were filed in the office of the
secretary of State with the time of the filing
indorsed thereon. He further proves that he
was present iu his office when the votes of the
third district for Congress were canvassed in
the presence of his deputy, Major Frank
Strong, and Governor Powell Clayton, and
that the votes were so canvassed within the time
(thirty days after the time allowed to make
county returns) prescribed by law, and that
such canvass showed, exclusive of the vote of
Pulaski, the result following: for contestant,
7,047 ; for contestee, 7,045; majority for con-
testant, 2, exclusive of Pulaski; and showed,
including the vote of Pulaski, the result follow-
ing: for contestant, 10,314; for contestee,
8,201; majority for contestant, 2,113.
And the secretary of State further proves
that after this official canvass had been made
and completed, and months before Governor
Clayton issued the certificate to contestee, he
(the secretary of State) gave to contestant a cer-
tified copy of the returns, showing the result
above stated.
It further appears in proof by the deputy
secretary of State, Major Strong, that the
