1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2720"
constituents in the South.'' Andrew Johnson,
who then represented the State of Tennessee,
used to speak of it often. He tried to get us
to make a distinction between loyal and dis-
loyal people, when he was a true and loyal
man certainly during the war. He said:
"If my constituents are compelled to fly from their
homes, if their property should subsequently betaken
possession of by the United States, why should tfae
United States make money out of their misfortunes
when they are compelled to fly from rebel bullets
and rebel bayonets, and they are compelled to aban-
don their property to the hands of rebels; you sub-
sequently eome in, take that property into your
possession, and give them a remedy."
That was done by the act of 1863. It was
a remedy in favor of loyal people against
the depredations of rebels. But now, by
the decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States, it is converted into an act
making the Government of the United States
pay for the property of rebels who are fleeing
from loyal people, thus entirely, turning the
stone upside down. If that is the effect of
the decision, and there is no other way of
meeting it, I am in favor of abolishing the
Court of Claims. I am in favor of limiting
its jurisdiction just so far as is necessary to
deny any remedy whatever to dislojal people
during the war, and we cannot with safety
stop short of that before this session closes,
because if this court otice gets jurisdiction of
all the class of cases that are included in the
decision of the Supreme Court, it is only
necessary then to extend a little the limita-
tions imposed by the act of 1808, so as to give
these people two years more to sue in, and you
would have the Treasury overburdened with a
debt that you can scarcely count by millions.
That is the effect of it.
I am perfectly willing in good faith to carry
out the policy of the act of 1863, giving to all
loyal men who suffered by this class of depre-
dations the plain and clear remedy it provides,
and let the money be paid from the Treasury
of the United States ; but I will not extend it
one inch beyond that. I know that sometimes
an argument is made of this kind : that there
were thousands and tens of thousands and
hundreds of thousands of people in the south-
ern States who were not guilty of any moral
turpitude in being engaged in the rebellion.
I will not stop to argue a question of morality,
a question of ethics, how far a man is justified
in going with the State or community m which
he lives; but I know one thing, that by the
laws of war recognized among the most Chris-
tian and civilized nations of the world, where
a man rightly or wrongly, with good or bad
motives, takes sides with an enemy, his prop-
erty is to a certain extent exposed to seizure
and confiscation, and the laws of war alone are
to be admitted to decide in such a case. No
nation engaged in war undertakes ever to do
equal and exact justice to a public enemy.
Mr. BAYARD. Is not private property
exempt from capture?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly, generally.
Mr. BAYARD. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to say that it is the law of Christian war-
fare that private property shall be seized and
taken ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. BAYARD. Is not allowance made to
the owner always for its use?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not in all cases. If we
took the cotton of a disloyal man in a southern
State, a man then waging war against us, and
used it for breastworks for our soldiers against
the bullets of the owner, we were not bound
to pay for it. Certainly there are thousands
of cases where no such obligation exists. The
general rule of the law of war is one very dif-
ficult to be defined. I take it that when men
are engaged in war they will do that which
strikes the hardest, pierces the farthest, ruins
the most. The only way to carry on war is
to carry it on relentlessly.
Mr. BAYARD. Against the public enemy,
not against private individuals.
Mr. SHERMAN. Who is the public enemy
but individuals?
Mr. BLAIR. Will the Senator permit me
to say that a very large proportion, if not the
largest of all this property that was captured,
was taken after the war had actually closed ?
Now, what excuse was there for taking aban-
doned property after the war had actually
closed upon the ground ? Could it then be
taken by the Government or anybody else?
Mr. SHERMAN. If there are any cases of
that kind, I do not know them. The property
could not be taken under this law except where
it was captured or abandoned ; captured by
the military authority or abandoned by the
owner, and then seized and taken possession
of. If there are other cases, they do not fail
under this law. But I do not want to wander
into tedious/;raeks ; I come back to the simple
proposition that it was the intention of this
act of Congress to give to the Court of Claims
the power to hear and examine certain classes
of cases. They were cases brought by loyal
owners, who swore in their petition that they
were loyal owners, and they were required to
prove that they were the loyal owners of this
property. In such cases as that the Court of
Claims was authorized to hear their elaimsand
pay them the amount.
Now, by an unexpected decision of the
•Supreme Court of the United States the juris-
diction of the Court of Claims is extended so
as to reach the claims of disloyal owners, thus
defeating the very purpose of Congress.
Sir, whether it was rightly or wrongly done,
representing one coordinate branch of the
Government, the legislative power of this coun-
try, I would not allow the judicial power to
step in and defeat the will of Congress in a
matter in which we have plain, palpable, and
exclusive jurisdiction. No man can sue the
Government of the United States for any pur-
pose except in pursuance of an act of Congress.
A Government cannot be sued according to the
general principle. Its acts are supposed to be
governed by higher motives. But in modern
times Governments are sued; different nations
have allowed themselves to be sued by their
own citizens as matter of justice between the
nation and the citizen. So of late years the
United States, by the establishment of the
Court of Claims, has for the first time in our
history allowed itself to be sued. It stands as
a defendant before a court of its own making
under a law defining the jurisdiction of that,
court. That court is simply subject to the
power of Congress. Its jurisdiction is con-
ferred by Congress; the salaries of the judges
are paid by the United States, its power is lim-
ited to claims against the United States by loyal
citizens, and if we cannot limit the jurisdiction
of the Court of Claims, then what m the name
of Heaven is the operation of our laws?
Mr. President, 1 do not care to discuss this
matter further. I think the last clause of the
amendment ought to be modified. I am not
now prepared precisely to modify it; but my
general idea is this: that in all cases where
judgments are rendered in favor of loyal peo
pie, where loyalty is found as a proven fact,
they should be paid by the Secretary of the
Treasury precisely like other judgments of the
Court of Claims m other cases which do not
grow out of captured and abandoned property.
That restriction which requires these suitors
after the long agony of a protracted suit to
await then the slow action of Congress for an
appropriation, and the effect of which is to
deprive the Supreme Court of the United
Stales of an opportunity to review and rehear
the case, it'seems to me is a substantial denial
of justice, and is not necessary in this case.
It without that last clause the section could be
added and the Supreme Court of the United
States by some technical reasoning, or by
some good or bad reasoning, should again
overrule the plain and manifest purpose of
Congress, we then might seek to find stronger
language; perhaps we might go to the extent
of repealing and abolishing the Court of Claims
entirely.
Mr. BAYARD, I am sorry, on this ques-
tion, to feel obliged to again trouble the Senate
w ith a few remarks. Yesterday the honorable
Senat'or from New York, [Mr. Coukxixg,] in
speaking of suits permitted by a Government
to be brought against itself by its citizens,
said:
"The judgment of civilized man has long denied
the citizen the right or permission to sue his Gov-
ernment as he may sue his feliow-man for injuries
or debts." * * *   " The judgment of
those who constructed the Government under which
we live accepted and adopted the propriety of this
denial." .« * * * '* In this regard, our
governmental idea is the idea of modern Govern-
ments in general. If there be exceptions, by statute
or otherwise, those exceptions do not deny the gen-
eral rule.
" The Congress determined recently to erect a tri-
bunal unknown before, to be called the Court of
Claims, and, to declare that in that court certain
citizens might sue the United States. The creation
of this tribunal was in derogation of common right.
It was in derogation of public law, natural law, as
the publicists call it. It was in derogation not only
of prior law, but of tho comity which had long pre-
vailed."
Further, the honorable Senator spoke of the
constitution of this tribunal as being in deroga-
tion of common right. He did not give us
any authority for the assertion that the estab-
lishment of a tribunal for the vindication of jus-
tice between a Government and its citizens or
subjects was in derogation of right at all. I
assert that so far from being in derogation of
right, it was simply the creation of a tribunal
in furtherance of right, in furtherance of na-
tional justice, a tribunal created out of the
debt due to justice.
In 1870, m the Court of Claims, this same,
character of objection was raised by the repre-
sentatives of the Government for the purpose
of restricting the jurisdiction of the court, and
showing that all statutes relating to the insti-
tution of the court were liable to a strict con-
struction. This led to the examination of the
laws of other nations. I read from the report
of the case of Brown vs. United States, to be
found in the sixth volume of Nott and Hunt-
ington, and from the fifth section of the syl-
labus of the case:
" It is now judicially ascertained and established
that the legal redress given toacitizen of the United
States against the llnited States is less than ho can
have against almost any Government Christen-
dom, and that the Government of the United States
holds itself, of nearly all Governments, the least
amenable to the law."
In delivering the opinion of the court. Judge
Nott, in adver.ing to the history of the Court
of Claims and the necessity for its creation,
for the prevention of frauds upon the Treas-
ury, and for the establishment of a tribunal
competent, and fit to entertain and adjudicate
such questions as are embraced by claims of
citizens against the Government, and advert-
ing also to the history of the creation of that
court, used the following language :
" In the groat arrogance of great ignorance, our
popular orators and writers have impressed upon
the public mind the belief that in this Republic of
ours private rights receive unequaled protection
from the Government,- and some have actually
pointed to the establishment of th'S court as a sub-
lime spectacle ..to be seen nowhere else on earth.
The action of a former Congress, however, in requir-
ing (act July 27, 1868, 15 Statutes-at-Largc, page
243) that aliens should not maintain certain suits
here unless their own Governments accord a corre-
sponding right to citizens of the United States, has
revealed the fact that the legal redress given to a
citizen ot the United States against the United
States is less t.ban he can have against almost any
Government in Christendom. The laws of other
nations have been produced and proved in this
court, and tho modifying fact is judicially estab-
lished that the Government of the United States
holds itself, of nearly all Governments, the least
amenable to the law."
Then he passes into a review of the laws of
other natioifs, beginning with the laws of the
present empire of Prussia, where a court is
established termed the Fiscus, which stands
in the place of the Goverumeut; and for the
purpose of compelling the payment of demands
against the Government the Fiscus is substi-
tuted for the State itself: . -
'' I know of no restriction of the rights of the sub-
