1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1833
layed for two months to enable gentlemen to
urge any objections they might have to this
bill. The passage of this bill at this time is
important. I will now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from West Virginia, [Mr. Mc-
Grew,] and I hope he will not expect me to
yield further.
Mr. McGREW. I do not require five
minutes; I only want time enough to move to
postpone the further consideration of this bill
to some future day to be agreed upon.
Mr. HOLMAN. I cannot yield for that
motion.
Mr. KERR. I would like to say a word or two.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Crosslan'd] to
move an amendment.
Mr. CROSSLAND. I move to amend the
bill by striking out the last section as follows:
Sec. 8. That joint resolution No. 10, approved
A prii 7,1869, authorizing the construction of a bridge
over the Ohio river, at Paducah, be, and the same
hereby is, repealed.
Mr. HOLMAN. One word in reference to
that motion. The bill as reported by the
engineers of the War Department recommends
the repeal of that joint resolution on this
ground : that no steps have been taken toward
the construction of the bridge at Paducah; no
bridge has been constructed tbereor begun.
In the second place, it is very desirable that
that bridge should be under the general pro-
visions of this act, as all other bridges oyer
the Ohio arc required by this act 10 be built.
This eighth section is simply to put the
Paducah bridge upon the same footing and
under the same restrictions with other bridges
hercafi er to be built. I think it must be manitest
to ray friend from Kentucky [Mr. Crossland]
that inasmuch as no.steps have been taken
toward the construction of that bridge 
Mr. CROSSLAND. The gentleman is mis-
taken.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has any part of the bridge
been built?
Mr. CROSSLAND. No part of the bridge
has been built; but a company has been formed
and stock has been taken.
♦ Mr. HOLMAN. My remark was intended
to be that no part of the bridge at Paducah
had been constructed. And there is no reason
why that bridge should not come under the
general provisions of this bill, as recommended
by the War Department. I now yield to my
colleague, [Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. KERR. Wiih the leave of my colleague,
[Mr. Holmast,] I desire to move to amend the
first section of this bill by inserting the word
"hereafter" before the words " erect bridges,"
so that it will read as follows:
That any persons or corporations, having lawful
authority therefor from tbe States upon whose soils
the ends of said bridges may rest, may hereafter
erect bridges across tho Ohio river, for railroad or
other uses, upon compliance with tho provisions
and requirements of this act.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is no objection to
that amendment, although it^ is rendered un-
necessary by subsequent provisions of this bill.
Mr. KERR. I desire to say but a word or
two in reference to the motion of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Crossland.] _ I
have not the slightest desire to interfere with
the construction of the bridge at Paducah.
But I understand the facts to be that a com-
pany for the construction of that bridge^ has
been organized under laws of the two adjoin-
ing States of Illinois and Kentucky. That
organization cannot in any possible way be
affected by this bill, which is intended only to
give these companies, thus legally organized
m their respective States, the right to erect
bridges. Tho only reason why it is desirable
to repeal that original joint resolution is that
its provisions are not so well considered or so
well guarded as affecting the interests of the
commerce of the country as are the provisions
of this bill. That is all there is in it. It can
in no way injuriously a fleet the interests of
this Paducah bridge company to have this
general law in place of special, legislation.
The general law will give them every privilege
the special act gives.
Mr. CROSSLAND. Will not navigation be
thoroughly protected by the joint resolution
authorizing the construction of tho bridge at
Paducah?
Mr. KERR. I believe that in a general
sense the interests of commerce would bo well
protected under that joint resolution. But I
say that in my judgment it is very clear that
those interests will be better protected under
the provisions of this bill. In reference to
this bill generally I only desire to say that I
originally introduced the bill as the result of
the most careful deliberation of a board of the
most accomplished civil engineers of this coun-
try, detailed by the chief of the corps of engin-
eers, having no connection directly or indi-
rectly with any of the conflicting interests in
connection with bridges in this country, and
having in view only the interests of the com-
mon country. Entirely unselfish and compe-
tent men have prepared almost this entire bill.
So far as it has been changed by the commit-
tee by whom it has been considered in this
House I think it has been improved. It has
been better guarded, and made more clear
and specific. I do not believe, sir, that within
ten years there has been presented to the
House a more carefully considered or better
guarded measure than this is ; and it has the
great excellence of being intended to super-
sede the necessity for the enactment ot any
special law, and to regulate all matters of this
kind by a general statute.
Touching the effect of this bill on the Padu
cah bridge, I feel sure that, as a legal prop-
osition, it is true that if this last section be
stricken out, and the bill then passed, so far
as its provisions are inconsistent with the
Paducah joint resolution, it will repeal the
latter; it is the last act; it is a general law;
it relates to all bridges over the Ohio river,
and its provisions will override, therefore, all
inconsistent provisions in special laws. The
policy of granting privileges of this nature
which are to become irrevocable has long since
been abandoned. The Paducah act is not an
irrepealable act, nor unamendabie. If this
bill pass, it will certainly regulate the con-
struction of the bridge at Paducah, whether
this eighth section remains in the bill or not.
It is important this bill shall pass at once.
Several bridges await its enactment. I hope
it will be permitted to pass.
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall.]
Mr. MARSHALL. I should be very glad
if the gentleman who has charge of this bill
would consent to its postponement to some
future day that it may be well'conaidered by
the House. Any gentleman who looks at the
bill will readily perceive that it is one of great
scope and importance, affecting the commerce
not only of the Ohio river, but all the great
lines of travel which are attempting to cross
that river—the railroads which meet the river
at different points. The bill may be entirely
acceptable to every member of the House
after it shall have been duly considered, but
it certainly has not yet been maturely consid-
ered or discussed before the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. My friend will excuse me
a moment. No bill has ever been more care-
fully considered than this has been by genile-
men interested in the navigation of the Ohio
river. It has been before the House nearly
two years. It was prepared originally by the
War Department. It has received extraor-
dinary attention. It has been before the Com-
mittee on Commerce of this Congress ever
since the organization of that committee, and
has been the subject of special attention at
their hands. I presume no gentleman inter-
ested in it has failed to give it special consid-
eration. I beg to remind my friend that Boards
of Trade of various cities upon the Ohio river,
and the Ohio river improvement convention
recently assembled at Cincinnati, and embra-
cing delegates from all the cities interested,
from Pittsburg to Cairo, have urged the pas-
sage of the bill in the form in which it is now
reported to the House.
Mr. MARSHALL. I suppose that my friend
did not understand me as intimating that this
bill had not been examined by a considerable
number of persons. What I meant to say was
that it is a bill of very great importance which
has not been considered and discussed on the
floor of this House ; it has not been debated;
aud although there may be many gentlemen
who have given it their close attention, yet
members of this House are so much engaged
by the multifarious business pressing upon
them, that it is impossible for them to be well
informed in regard to a measure of this kind
until it has been considered and discussed in
the House.
It seems to me very important that a meas-
ure of this scope and magnitude, affecting so
essentially the commerce of the country, should
have some time assigned for its consideration
and discussion before the House. Here is an
attempt to put upon its passage, without de-
liberation and almost without discussion, one
of the most important measures that has been
presented to the House. I do not know that
I shall not be entirely in favor of it when it
shall have been fully considered, but if it be
pressed at this time I shall be compelled to
vote for the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Crossland,] to
strike out the eighth section.
A bill which was passed through this House
some time ago, after due consideration by the
appropriate committee, and which has become
a law, authorizes the bridging of the _ Ohio
river at Paducah, Kentucky. There is an
attempt made to conccntrate at that point a
large part of the railroad system of the South
to connect it with the railroad system north
of the Ohio river. A commerce as important
probably as the whole commerce of the Ohio
river will eventually center at that point.
Now, I do not know that this bill will defeat
the building of the bridge at that point, but I
want the question duly considered and invest-
igated before the House, not only by my friend
from Indiana, who has doubtless given it con-
sideration, not only by the gentleman who in-
troduced the bill here, and other members who
may have examined it, but by a majority of
the members of the Houso. I submit that a
very small number of them have giveu to this
bill that consideration which ought to be given
to it before we are compelled to vote upon it.
Mr. HOLMAN. If my friend from Illinois
[Mr. Marshall] will point out any objection
to this bill, perhaps it can be obviated at once
by an amendment. I must say that the pas-
sage of the bill at the present moment appears
to me to be imperatively demanded as a mat-.
ter of security to the navigation of the Ohio
river, and the protection of the just rights of
the railroads whose lines touch this river.
Mr. MARSHALL. Certainly so; and ajl
other important measures, as a matter of
course, should be passed, and passed in proper
time; but there cannot be any injury result-
ing to any interest in setting this down for
consideration at some future day, say two
weeks hence, so as to let us have an hour or
two at least for consideration before passing
it. That is all I ask. If that be done I am
perfectly satisfied.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will yield now to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Negley.]
Mr. NEGLEY. Mr. Speaker, the provis-
ions of this bill relate more closely to the
interest of the navigation of the Ohio river.
Quite a number of bills are now before the
Committee on Commerce for the construction
of bridges across that river. Consequently
it is important that action should be had on
this general law at this time. The introducers
of the special bills are pressing their claims
upon our attention all the time.
