1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
concur. The resolution passed here will go
Mr. EDMUNDS. But I wish to ask my
friend from Indiana how, if the man is brought
here, the House of Representatives have the
means of determining first whether guilt ex-
ists unless they try ? How are the House of
Representatives to pass a resolution that this
man is guilty or is not guilty, unless they have
the evidence before them, hear the explana-
tions, hear the witnesses, and hear the argu-
ment, so as to be able to pronounce judgment?
They certainly cannot pass a resolution to con-
sign this man to prison or set him at liberty,
on the principle of pronouncing judgment,
unless they have the evidence on which that
judgment is to proceed. They cannot have
the evidence second-hand by its being sent
over to them, on any principle that I under-
stand.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator omits the
fact that by the concurrent resolution the
House authorizes the Senate to proceed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But can the House of
Representatives delegate to us that authority
to try a man for an offense?
Mr. CONKLINGr. Mr. President, I do not
quite agree with these analogies which Sen-
ators adopt on both sides about trying a man
for a crime and punishing him ; and I think
we are led a little astray by going into such
matters. I rose, however, for another pur-
pose.
I beg to present to the Senator from Indiana
the precise point which, with the little reflection
I have given to this matter, seems to me to dis-
tinguish the ease from such a one as he treats
it. If by the Constitution a third body could
be formed, consisting of the members of the
two Houses, his argument would be complete
in case a contempt should arise in that body.
If now, for illustration's sake, it was provided
that once in a period of years there should be
a body assembled, composed for convenience
of the persons selected as the members of the
two Houses, there would be a distinct exist-
ence, and in that would be merged the other
character of the two Houses, and, perhaps, of
the members. But now the case, I submit to
the Senator, is this : here are two Houses,
each complete in its«lf; acting separately,
each as a House ; they concur in erecting a
committee, in delegating an agency to certain
members of each House. That does not fuse
or amalgamate these two Houses or the mem-
bers of the two at all ; but each stands sep-
arate, isolated, intact as it was before; and
when a witness is guilty of disobedience of the
lawful behests of this committee, representing,
not the whole body of the two Houses, but rep-
resenting both Houses, each being an entirety
and complete, then, I submit to the Senator, a
several offense is committed—an offense is com-
mitted against each court there represented,
and whose jurisdiction is there defied or in-
vaded ; and it does not matter at all, it seems
to me, that in the same act in which the wit-
ness commits a contempt against this body
he coriimits a contempt against another body
also, which is all the time independent and
separate.
I submit to the Senator that there is the
point of deviation, there is the distinction
between this case and such a case as this would
be if what he says were strictly applicable to
it; and then, as the Senator from Vermont
very cogently says, how can the House of Rep-
resentatives add to or take from the attributes
of this body in respect to punishing a con-
tempt or dealing with a witness? Surely, it
seems to me, the only way to progress upon
that idea is, as my friend from Wisconsin sug-
gests, by treating this from beginning to end,
in every one of its steps and stages, as a pro-
ceeding pending in the two Houses sitting
together, each being a part of a joint conven-
tion made of the two, and acting as a whole ia
a proceeding to one part of which as much as
to another, it seems to me, the concurrent action
of both Houses would be needed. Therefore
I think the safe way and the logical way is to
treat this as a contempt of the Senate, albeit
the House of Representatives may bave been
treated with contempt at the same time, and
to proceed to redress that so far forth as the Sen-
ate may adjudge that the facts demand; and the
House, as my friend from Wisconsin suggests,
can take care of itself or can waive, owing to
what has been done here, the necessity of
exercising any authority whatever.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I think
there is more difficulty in this question than
Senators are perhaps aware of; certainly much
more than I supposed when the question was
first mooted. The only authority of the House
of Representatives or of this body to punish a
contempt, I believe, grows out of the power
conferred upon us by the Constitution in that
clause which gives to each House the power to
determine the rules of its proceedings. Under
that authority given by the Constitution the
Senate may pass rules, may organize commit-
tees, may punish contempts, and do all the
ordinary acts done by a parliamentary body
or by a court to maintain its self-respect, to
enforce its order, and preserve decorum in its
proceedings.
I know of no other provision of the Consti-
tution which gives the Senate any power what-
ever to punish for a contempt, or to organize
committees, or the like. The law seems to
have been framed on the same idea. AH the
laws which hare been passed ou the subject
are framed merely to punish a refusal to tes-
tify before a committee of either House. There
is no reference in the law which is provided
to enforce the constitutional provisions to a
refusal to testify before a joint committee. Its
terras are applied simply to a refusal to testify
before either House of Congress or before a
committee of either House of Congress. Now,
as I understand the Senator from New York,
he suggests that this joint committee may be
regarded as two several committees, the Sen-
ate portion of it as a Senate committee, and
the House portion as a committee of the
House.
Mr. CONKLINGr. That may be so, if my
honorable friend will allow me ; but I do not
say that because it is not importanthere. I only
say that each House acts as a House in com-
posing that committee; that the two bodies do
not act each as parts of one House, but that
each House separately delegates and appoints
certain members to serve on that committee.
Whether after it is formed it is a committee
in severalty or a joint committee, is another
question; but my point is that the bodies
behind the committee are the two Houses
separately, each complete in itself.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see what author-
ity the honoiabie Senator from Pennsylvania
has to administer an oath to this witness except
the authority conferred on him by the law ; and
unless he is chairman of a committee of this
bod}', I do not see how he gets the authority
to administer this oath.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator will allow me
to say that the resolution which raised the
committee authorized the committee to admin-
istor hs
Mr. SHERMAN. That still does not solve
the difficulty. The law itself does not give to
a joint committee, by name, the power to
enforce the attendenee of witnesses. It does
give to a select committee of either House, or
to a standing committee of either House, or
to either body itself, the power to enforce such
attendance. Now, unless the two Houses by a
concurrent resolution can enlarge the scope
of the law, the concurrent resolution referred
to does not change the law. If the lawlimits
the power to punish for contempt, we must be
guided by the law and we cannot change it by
a mere concurrent resolution of thetwo bodies.
If the law savs that either House itself, or a
committee of either House, may enforce the
attendance of a witness, may direct that a
citizen be arrested and brought here, I do not
see how a mere concurrent resolution can
enlarge the power conferred by law.
In regard to this matter, I desire to pursue
that course which will bring these witnesses
before us, bold them here, punish them to the
extent of our power, and compel them to
testify; but I have very great doubts whether
we have the power, as the law now stands, to
enforce the attendance of these witnesses. At
least I do not see that the power is conferred
by law. The question has occurred to me,
how could an indictment be framed under this
law to punish any man for a violation of it
who should refuse to testify before a joint
committee? Isubmitto any lawyer who should
sit down to frame an indictment whether he
could find the language of the law broad
enough to cover the case of a refusal to testify
before a joint committee of Congress. The
Senator from Pennsylvania, I believe, suggest-
ed that doubt when he rose. I think we ought
to proceed cautiously and slowly in this mat-
ter, so as to pursue a course that will not leave
our power in dispute. I hope the question
will go over until next week unless the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania is particularly desirous
to press a vote now.
Mr. POMEROY. If this matter is to go
over, I suggest, with a view of economizing
time, that we take a recess of half an hour,
after which the list of committees may be
reported and adopted to- da.y, as we have agreed
to adjourn over until Monday. I move, there-
fore, that the Senate take a recess until two
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and (at one
o'clock and twenty-two minutes p. m.) the
Senate took a recess until two o'clock, at
which hour the Senate resumed its session.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed now to the election of the standing
committees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I now move that
the rules requiring an election be suspended,
and that the list which I send to the desk be
appointed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The Sen-
ator from Connecticut asks unanimous con-
sent to suspend the rule requiring the election
of committees by ballot. Is there objection ?
The Chair hears hone. The Senator from
Connecticut now offers a resolution, which will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the following be the standing com-
mittees of the Senate for the present session:
On Privileges and Election? — Messrs. Sumner,
(chairman.) Morton, Rice, Carpenter, Logan, Hill,
and Thurman.
On Foreign Relations^-Messrs. Cameron, (chair-
man,) Harlan, Morton, Patterson, Schurz, Hamlin,
and Casserly.
On Finance—Messrs. Sherman, (chairman.) Mor-
rill of Vermont, Fenton, Seott, Ames, Wright, and
Bav&rd.
On Appropriations — Messrs. Co]e, (chairman,)
Sprague, Sawyer, Edmunds, Wmdom, West, and
Stevenson.
On Commerce—Messrs. Chandler, (chairman.) Cor-
bett, Kellogg, Spencer, Buckingham, Conkling, and
Yickers.
On Manufactures—Messrs. Hamlin, (ehairman,)
Robertson, Sprague, Gilbert, and Johnston.
On Agriculture—Messrs. Morton, (chairman,) Fre-
linghuysen. Robertson, Lewis, and Davis of West
Virginia.
On Military Affairs—Messrs. Wilson, (chairman.)
Cameron, Morton, Ames, Logan. West, and Blair.
On Naral Affairs—Messrs. Cragin. (chairman,)
Anthony. Nye, (Jsborn. Perry of Michigan, Alcorn,
and Stockton.
On the Judii Messrs, Trumbull, (chairman,)
Edmunds, Conkling. Carpenter, Frelinghuysen, Pool,
and Thurman.
On Post Offices and Post Uoads—Messrs. Ramsey,
(chairman,) Pomeroy, Gilbert, Cole, Hamlin, Ferry
of Michigan, and Kellv.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Pomeroy, (chairman,)
Tipton, Osborn, Sprague, Windom, Logan, and Cas-
scrly.
0'i Private L</nd Claims—Messrs. Davis of Ken-
