1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
violation of law, in violation of the sub-Treas-
ury law, this money was deposited at a na-
tional bank in New York for the purpose of
giving credit to the father-in-law of the pay-
master. The clerk, Bogart, was then in the
employment of Clark and knew all the circum-
stances of this violation of the law. Admitting
this embezzlement was committed by Bogart,
and I assume it was, the act of his principal
had taught him to disregard the law in with-
drawing the public fund from a safe deposit-
ory, the sub-Treasury, and using it for private
purposes. I submit the question, Mr. Speaker,
in viewof the universal embezzlement through-
out the country, and in view of the safety of
the public funds intrusted to the care of our
officers, whether, when an officer has with-
drawn funds from a safe depository, from the
sub-Treasury of the United States, and depos-
ited them for reasons personal to himself, for
gain or otherwise, in a national bank—I ask
whether, when an embezzlement takes place,
he shall not be held responsible, because by
disregarding the law he has taught his own
subordinates also to disregard the laws and
embezzle the public funds.
Winter before last the testimony of Bogart
and Clark was taken before the Committee of
Claims. Their testimony agrees that $30,000
was withdrawn from the sub-Treasury and de-
posited in the national bank for the purpose
of giving credit to the father-in law of the
paymaster. And here I desire to call attention
to the special fact that Bogart has been within
the reach of the process of the courts every
day for the last twelve months. He was here
last winter a year ago testifying before the
Committee of Claims. He gave his testimony
under the roof of this Capitol. Bogart, the
man alleged to have committed this embezzle-
ment—Bogart, and Clark, his principal, both
gave their testimony. Bogart can be brought
here in twelve hours, and yet here is this offi-
cer asking to be relieved, while the testimony
before the Committee of Claims, Bogart and
Clark both testifying, is that Bogart swears
he made a false entry of $20,000 by direction
of Clark himself. The testimony of Bogart,
however it might be regarded in reference to
anybody else, is certainly admissible in respect
to this transaction. It is proved beyond all
doubt that the principal took from the sub-
Treasury this money and used it for private
purposes. Is not that circumstance of itself
well calculated to excite the suspicion of the
House ?
I have examined, one by one, all the papers
in the case, and I have come to a different
conclusion from that reported by the Com-
mittee of Claims. As to the withdrawal of
this $30,000 from the sub-Treasury and its
deposit in a national bank for private pur-
poses, it is proved by the testimony of Bogart
and Sherman. There is no dispute that the
money was withdrawn from the sub-Treasury
and deposited in a national bank; and that
of itself was a violation of the sub-Treasury
law.
Mr. MORGAN. For what purpose was the
money withdrawn?
Mr. HOLMAN. It was withdrawn for the
purpose of giving Sherman, the father-in-law
of this Mr. Clark, credit in the national bank
where it was deposited. I do not pretend to
say interest was received on the mouey. It
was proved before the Committee of Claims
that this monoy was withdrawn from the sub-
Treasury for private purposes in violation of
law, and used in violation of law until a short
time before this embezzlement took place.
I say again, when an officer comes before
Congress for relief from the consequences of
embezzlement by his subordinates, let Mm
come with,a clean record and clean hands.
Mr. ELDREDGE. What ground does he
allege for the relief he claims?
Mr. HOLMAN. That Bogart embezzled
this money.
Mr. ELDRBDGE. After he had taken it
from the sub-Treasury?
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 do not wish to be mis-
apprehended as to that. I do not intend to
do injustice to Clark or to Bogart either. The-
$30,000 had gone from the sub-Treasury and
been used for private purposes for upward
of a year. Before the embezzlement it was
withdrawn from the bank and returned, not
to the sub-Treasury, but to the safe of the
paymaster on board the receiving-ship. The
$30,000 was not lost by being deposited in.
the bank; but I do not put the case on that
ground. The point I make is this: that when
a public officer takes the public funds and uses
them for a private purpose, and the clerk who
sees this done learns the lesson of embezzle-
ment, the officer in coming to Congress for
relief does not, in my judgment, come here
with clean hands.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. My colleague
on the committee, the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Holman,] has talked abont almost
everything except the point in hand. The
case is just this, and nothing more: Paymaster
Clark, after having been a paymaster in the
Navy several years with excellent credit, was
ordered to the receiving-ship at New York.
The business was so large that he must have a
clerk. He found there a clerk who had been
in the employ of Paymaster Hassler, his pre-
decessor, for some years. He asked Hassler
and the officers of the ship and all the men in
authority there if Bogart was trustworthy and
reliable as a clerk. He received a statement
from every one that he was very competent and
trustworthy. He appointed him. He went on
in this position for nearly a year ; and toward
the close of that time, some time in Decem-
ber, near the time when Clark went to the
navy-yard, this man one night bundled up
nearly nine thousand dollars which was in the
safe of the paymaster, took it under his arm and
ran away. The flight of Bogart was immedi-
ately reported to the commanding officers and
they began to examine the accounts. They
found that Bogart had embezzled some fourteen
thousand dollars or more; that he had been
engaged in this for a long time, making false
entries in the books. Every entry of this
kind was the entry of Bogart. That gentle-
man made the best of his time and got out of
the country into Canada. Clark telegraphed
everywhere to have him arrested, and followed
him post-haste into Canada. When he got to
Montreal he found that Bogart had been
arrested, but that he had paid one of the ex-
cellent justices of the peace of the Dominion
of Canada $1,500 and got released. He fol-
lowed him then into auother town in Canada
where he had been arrested, and there he had got
off, paying $500 to somebody who had arrested
him. Clark then for a time lost track of him,
but he did not give up the chase, but follow-
ing him found that he had got into Texas, and
was doing business there. He had him arrested
in Houston, Texas, under authority which he
got from the Government, put him in the
hands of the officers of the law, and he was
tried, convicted, and sentenced to the peniten-
tiary for three years. He prosecuted him
also in the courts of New York, and got judg-
ment against him for the whole of the money.
The whole of these facts appear abundantly
in the proof. After this the finding of the
court martial which sentenced him for three
years was disapproved by the Secretary of the
Navy. One of his reasons was that the sen-
tence was not half long enough, that he should
have been sentenced for seven years instead
of three. I do not see myself the logic of
letting the man go because he had not been
sentenced for a long euough period; but that
does not lie in my way at present.
Now this young man comes and asks for
relief, but my colleague says, " You wept on
one occasion and deposited $30,000 in a pri-
vate bank in the city of New Yorknot that
he lost a dollar of it, or that he ever got a cent
interest, or anything of that sort, but my col-
league chooses to think that that is against the
sub-Treasury law.
I happen to think that the sub-Treasury
law has nothing in the world to do with it,
and I have examined it very carefully. He had
checks to be paid on sight in his hands all
the time as cash, or in his drawer and in his
safe, and could have drawn out the money
he wanted, and he did draw it out and used
it before the embezzlement occurred at all.
Now, I submit that that has nothing to do
with this case, and that this is a case similar to
ones in which we are constantly granting relief.
I now move the previous question.
Mr. STORM. Before the gentleman moves
the previous question I hope he will yield to
me for a moment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I will yield far
a question.
Mr. STORM. I desire to make a few re-
marks. I shall not occupy much time.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I will yield to
the gentleman for five minutes.
Mr. STORM. The reason why I ask it is
this : I have received a number of letters dur-
ing this session from Mr. Bogart, whom I
knew well in his boyhood, calling my attention
to the fact that this man Clark probably would
sometime present a claim of this kind, and
asking me to watch jt, and if he attempted to
press his claim I should inform him of the
fact, and he would come here and testify, and
show that Mr. Clark, the paymaster who asks
relief, was a party to the embezzlement, and
that he could show aud prove it. I have in-
quired of the committee from time to time if
the claim of Clark had been presented, and
all I could get from them was that they did
notknow anything about such a claim. I think
I made the inquiry only the day before yester-
day, and learned that the claim would be re-
ported to day. I wrote immediately to Mr.
Bogart telling him to be here yesterday if pos-
sible, or to day, to testify, or bring witnesses
before the committee, by whom he could show
that the false entries made by him, (which fact
he frankly acknowledges) were made in col-
lusion with Clark. Clark got part of the funds
and expended them in New York on horses
and carriages and by gambling in stocks; but
when the money was spent he got Bogart to
run away, in order that he might escape pun-
ishment and bring his claim before Congress.
An order was issued for his arrest. Bogart
permitted himself to be arrested against the
wishes of Clark. Clark, of course, was com-
pelled, to save himself from arrest and prose-
cution, to appear against Bogart before a
court-martial. Bogart, whose mouth was
closed, was convicted. The finding, however,
was set aside by the navy department, because
the court had no jurisdiction, and not because
his sentence was too light, as was erroneously
stated by the chairman of the committee.
I do not pretend on this occasion to vindi-
cate Bogart, though up to the time of liis going
into the Navy, where he was a brave and gal-
lant officer, nothing was alleged against his
character tor honesty. It was not until he
came in contact with this man Clark, who led
him astray (he being a young man) and got
him into this trouble, that he became suspected;
Clark then induced him to run away that he
might be enabled to present this claim and
escape punishment.
Now, that part of the report which gays
that' Bogart cannot be found is, I take it, incor-
rect. 1 have received a dozen letters from
him this session; he is in New York; it is
notorious that he is there; this man Clark
knows that he is there, and that part of the
report is not correct. He has been within
the reach of the officers of the law every day
for the last two years. Saying nothing of the
fact referred to by the gentleman from Indiana,
that Clark himself had been guilty of frauds
