42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
tueky, (chairman,) Terry of Connecticut, Caldwell,
Bayard, and Blair.
On Indian Affairs—Messrs. Harlan, (chairman,)
Corhett, Buckingham, Frelinghuysen, Wilson, Cald-
well, and Davis of Kentucky.
On Pensions—Messrs. Edmunds, (chairman.) Tip-
ton, Pratt, Brownlow, Hamilton of Texas, Logan,
and Saulsburj'.
On Revolutionary Claims—Messrs. Pool,(eh airman,)
Brownlow,Corbett, Hill,and Davisof West Virginia.
On Claims—Messrs. Ilowe, (chairman,) Scott, Pratt,
Stewart, Boreman, Wright, and Davis of West Vir-
ginia.
On the District of Columbia — Messrs. Patterson,
(chairman.) Sumner, Lewis. Spencer, Sawyer, Hitch-
cook, and Vickers.
On Patents—Messrs. Ferry of Connecticut, (chair-
man,) Carpenter, Morrill of Maine, Windom, and
Hamilton of Maryland.
On Public Buildings and Grounds—Messrs. Morrill
of Vermont, (chairman.) Trumbull, Sumner, Cole,
and Stockton.
On Territories—Messrs. Nye. (chairman,) Cragin,
Schurz, Boreman, Hitchcock, Clayton, and Cooper.
On the Pacific Railroad—Messrs. Stewart, (chair-
man.) Ramsey, Harlan, Rice, Fenton, Scott, Kel-
logg, Hitchcock, Eerry of Michigan, Cooper, and
Kelly.
On Mines and Mining—Messrs. Rice, (chairman,)
Chandler, Flanagan, Tipton, Caldwell, Alcorn, and
Saulsbury,
On the Revision of (he Laws of the United States—
Messrs. Conkling, (chairman.) Carpenter, Stewart,
Wright, and Hamilton of Maryland.
0>\ Education and Labor—Messrs. Sawyer, (chair-
man,) Morrill of Vermont, Flanagan, Patterson, and
Johnston.
To Audit and Control the Contingent Expense* of the
Senate—Messrs. Fenton, (chairman,) Windom, and
Saulsbury.
On Printing—Messrs. Anthony, (chairman,) Howe,
and Casserly.
On the Library—Messrs. Morrill of Maine, (chair-
man.) Howe, and Sherman.
On Engrossed Bills—Messrs. Buckingham, (chair-
man,) Clayton, and Davis of West Virginia.
On Enrolled Bills—Messrs. Carpenter, (chairman,)
Lewis, and Kelly.
Select Committee on the Revision of the Rules—
Messrs. Pomeroy, (chairman,) Edmunds, and Bay-
ard.
Select Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
ttZuMies—Messrs. Roberston, (chairman,) Boreman,
Ames, Hamilton of Texas, Clayton, Vickers, and
Stevenson.
Select Committee on the Levees of the Mississippi
River — Messrs. Kellogg, (chairman,) Trumbull,
Schurz, Alcorn, and Blair.
Select Committee on Alleged Outrages in Southern
States—Messrs. Scott, (chairman,) Chandler, Rice,
Pool, Pratt, Bayard, and Blair.
The resolution was adopted.
committee on retrenchment.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that motion
will not be made for a moment. I desire to
offer a resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from New York withdraw the motion?
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to stand
in the way of the Senator. I do not know
what his purpose is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to offer a reso-
lution.
Several messages in writing were received
from the President of the United States by
Mr. Porter, his Secretary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from New York withdraws the motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer for adoption
the following resolution:
Resolved, (the Uouso of Representatives concur-
ring,) That a joint select committee on retrench-
ment, consisting of four members of the Senate and
seven members of the House, be appointed by the
Presiding Officers of the two Houses, and that said
committee be instructed to inquire into the expend-
itures in all the branches of the service of the United
States, and to report whether any, and what, offices
ought to be abolished; whether any, and what,
salaries or allowances ought to be reduced; what
are the methods of procuring accountability in pub-
lic officers Or agents in the care and disbursement of
public moneys: whether moneys have been paid out
illegally; whether any officer's or agents or other
persons have been or are employed in the service
without authority of law, or unnecessarily; and
generally how, and to what extent, the expenses of
the service of the country may and ought to be cur-
tailed. And also to consider the expediency of so
.amending the laws under which appointments to the
public service are now made as to provide for the
selection of subordinate officers after due examina-
tion by proper boards; their continuance in office
during specified terms, unless dismissed upon charges
preferred and sustained before tribunals designated
for that purpose; and for withdrawing the public
service from being used as an instrument of polit-
ical or party patronage. That said committee be
authorized to sit during the recess of Congress, to
send for persons and papers, and to report by bill or
otherwise; and that said committee may appoint a
clerk for the term of six months, and no more.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be printed and
lie over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Illinois ask for the present con-
sideration of the resolution?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the Sen-
ator from Vermont to object to its present con-
sideration ; otherwise I should ask for it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is a question for con-
sideration whether it'is a wise thing to do, and
I want to look into it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the resolution will lie over under
the rules.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I renew my motion
to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are
some executive messages on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. At the suggestion of
the Chair, I will change the motion and move
to proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to.
reference of petitions and bills.
Mr. POMEROY. While that order is being
executed, I move that all petitions, papers,
and bills lying on the table be referred to
their appropriate committees.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the
consideration of executive business. After
fifteen minutes spent in executive session the
doors were reopened, and (at two o'clock
and twenty-five minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 7, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
masters of coasting vessels.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (EL R. No. 476) to relieve masters
of coasting vessels engaged in trade upon the
frontiers ot the. United States from procuring
and presenting manifests of cargoes, as now
required by law ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
public building at lynchburg.
Mr. DUKE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H, R. No. 477) to provide for
the erection of a building for the use of the
post office, United States circuit and district
courts and internal revenue offices at Lynch-
burg, Virginia; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to
be printed.
payment of pensions.
Mr. HAY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 478) to provide for
the payment of pensions through postmasters;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
basis of representation.
Mr. WILL ARD, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be.
and he hereby is, directed to furnish to the House of
Representatives the following information, namely :
the number of inhabitants, excluding Indians not
taxed, in each of the States and Territories of the
United btates as ascertained by the last census: the
number of male inhabitants of each State, twenty-
one years of age and over; the number of male
inhabitants m each State, being twenty-one years
of age, and citizens of the United States, whose right
to vote m such State at any election for the choice
of electors for President and Vice President of the
United States, Representatives in Congress, tho
executive and judicial officers of a State, or the
members of the Legislature thereof, is denied, or in
any way abridged, except for participation in rebel-
lion or other criino.
codification of postal laws.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business being demanded, the morning hour
commences at twelve o'clock and fifteen min-
utes p. m., and the House resumes the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1) to revise,
consolidate, and amend the statutes relating
to the Post Office Department, reported on
Tuesday last from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, the pending question
being upon ordering the bill to be engrossed
and read a third time.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and continued it, without concluding, until
one o'clock and twenty-five minutes.
order of business.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union upon the apportionment bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will not gentlemen
allow the Clerk to finish the reading of the
bill? I believe it is nearly through; there
are only two or three pages left.
The SPEAKER. There are two pages of
the bill unread.
Mr. MAYNARD. I made my motion in
order that the reading of the bill might not
be absolutely finished to-day. It will take
but a moment to finish it during the next
morning hour.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to say to the
gentleman from Tennessee that I have moved
that the House adjourn, believing that it will
expedite the consideration of the apportion-
ment bill which he proposes to take up.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw my motion
until the sense of the House can be taken
upon the motion of the gentleman from Wis-
consin.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin takes precedence.
Mr. ELDKIDGE. I did not call the atten-
tion of the Speaker to the fact that the morn-
ing hour had expired, because I supposed the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
desired to go on with his bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has notified
the House that he will not terminate by an-
nouncement any morning hour except that of
Monday; but, of course, a privileged motion,
like that of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Maynard,] supersedes the morning hour.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman from
Illinois is not allowed to proceed with his bill
I shall insist on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. AMBLER. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion to allow me to introduce
a bill for reference.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suggest to the
gentleman from Wisconsin that he do not
press the motion to adjourn, but allow the
gentleman from Illinois to go on with the post
office bill and finish it. That will be so much
time saved.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I should have no objec-
tion to that, but there are gentlemen around
me who have important matters to attend to
this afternoon, and they think it will expedite
legislation if my motion is pressed now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We might at
least as well finish the reading of the bill.
_ Mr. ELDRIDGE. It will be finished dur-
ing the next morning hour.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is substantially fin-
ished now. I prefer that it should not be
completed to-day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to say.
