2730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
jects of Prussia to maintain any suit against the
fiscus. Foreigners as well as subjects, any man, can
sue the Fiscus; the power to maintain a suit against
the Fiscus is a matter of absolute right."
This was the language of a lawyer who was
also distinguished as a writer, who was exam-
ined in the Court of Claims for the purpose
of proving the existence of this foreign law
and the practice under it:
" In Hanover and Bavaria the redress is substan-
tially the same." * * * * * *
*'In Holland, the Netherlands, the Hanseatic
provinces, the free city of Hamburg, and probably
in all countries which have inherited the perfected
justice of the civil law, the Government is in legal
liability thus subject to the citizen. Even in France,
under the late empire, there was a less circum-
scribed means of redress, a more certain judicial
remedy, a more effective method of enforcing the
judgment recovered, than has been given to the
American citizen, notwithstanding the pledge of the
Constitution. Of all the Governments of Europe it
is believed that Kussia alone does not hold the State
amenable in matters of property to the law. Of all
the countries whose laws have been examined in
this court, Spain only resembles the United States
in fettering the judicial proceedings of her courts
by restrictions, and leaving the execution of their
decrees dependent upon the legislative will/'
What authority, then, can there be for as-
suming that the proceedings in our Court of
Claims or the creation of the Court of Claims
and the permission given to citizens to sue in
the Court of Claims are in derogation of com-
mon right?
"Admonished by the common law of England and
by the jurisprudence of nearly the whole civilized
world, we hold that this action of the claimants to
recover of the Government their own money, unlaw-
fully withheld by its officers, is a suit founded in jus-
tice and in right. "We believe that it comports not
with the honor and dignity of a republic to refuse to
its citizens legal redress where their money or goods
are in its hands, more than with the honor and dignity
of a king."
I read this as a reply to the remarks of the
honorable Senator yesterday, in which he con-
sidered it a mark of extraordinary favor that
any citizen should be permitted to oblain from
his Government the money that was due to
him as a debt of justice. The tribunal was
created in furtherance of justice, and in admin-
istering the laws which are made by Congress
for the regulation of the proceedings in that
tribunal, the great principles of justice and
equity must be administered; otherwise the
court would be unworthy of the name of a
court ofjustice.
It seems to rue if there is to be any logical
result and inference to be drawn from the
remarks of the Senator from Ohio who last
addressed the Senate, it is that Congress not
only shall be authorized to create this court
and classify its jurisdiction, bat absolutely and
in terms to control,' in addition, the character
of its judgments. That they cannot do. That
court, if it be worthy of the name of a court
of justice in this country, is to decide upon the
principles ofjustice; and lam glad to hear
such an enunciation from the tribunal itself,
which is to be found on a subsequent page of
the report in this same case:
"The Court of Claimswas established togivelegal
redress to the citizen as against the Government
where he would have had legal redress as against
another citizen. "W e cannot givelegal redress except
upon legal principles. We cannot sustain a defense
on the part of the Government where, if set up by
an ordinary defendant, it would be held illegal,
inequitable, unconscionable."
Therefore it would be, in my opinion, a far
better act, more bold, less reprehensible in
every particular, if Congress should wipe out
of existence this Court of Claims and say that
all the reasons for its establishment have been
found to be wrong. They cannot blot out
from the memory of the American people the
justice that has been performed by that court,
the eminent service that has been rendered
to justice by its administration. They may,
however, abolish the court itself;' and it would
be far more respectable, and, to use my former
language, far less reprehensible, for them to
abolish the court itself, than to make it a tri-
bunal which shall be fettered by the instruc-
tions which they may choose to give, which
they import into their law.
If decisions are to be had in that court, I
hope and pray while it exists they will be
decisions based upon the principles of justice,
and not adapted to the passing temper and
caprice of the legislative body. Among them
all I can consider no defense so just, so impera-
tive to be entertained by the court, which they
never are at liberty to disregard, as the plea
raised by any claimant that the Constitution
forbids an interpretation which is sought to be
given either by the direct or inferential mean-
ing of the words used by Congress. If they
shall put unconstitutional prohibitions upon it,
I trust the court in determining justice to the
citizens of this country on the principles of
justice will hold that the Constitution of the
United States shall at all times override the
acts of Congress, and that wherever the acts
of Congress shall be found in any degree to
infringe upon the prerogative, whether it be
of the judiciary or of the Executive, or upon
the rights of the citizen secured to him, they
will look to the Constitution and declare the
act of Congress to be invalid. If this be not
so, then no longer term it a court of justice.
It is unworthy of the name.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont, on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. ALCORN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following proviso:
Provided, That the provisions of this section shall
not extend to claims for property seized or taken by
the military forces of the United States or any officer
of the same,or seized, taken,or impressed by any agent
or agents of the United States Government at any
time after the proclamation by the President of the
United States declaring the warto have ceased; but
claims for property so seized or taken may be pros-
ecuted before the Court of Claims by any citizen of
the United States at any time within twelve months
from the approval of this act, and in all such cases
an appeal from the judgment of the Court of Claims
shall be maintained.
Mr. President, it does not lie in my mouth
to suggest to the Government of the United
States the policy that it shall be proper to
pursue toward that class of people yet de-
clared to be rebels. The anomaly of my posi-
tion would forbid that I should assume the
place of one who is here to dictate that policy.
But I am here in the interest of my constitu-
ency and of my people, and to speak for them
upon this subject.
That the Government of the United States
had the right to seize the property of rebels
while the war was progressing, no one denies;
that it had the right to fix the terms upon
which that property should be seized, there is
no question. It had the power to spare and
to deny the right of the Army to take private
property. It had the right and the power to
.treat the people of the southern States differ-
ently from the course which it saw proper to
pursue toward the Mexicans during the Mex-
ican war. The Government of the United
States then protected private property, recog-
nized private property, and paid for all prop-
erty taken, even to the extent of paying for
that which was necessary to the support of the
Army. The Government had the right to pur-
sue a course toward the southern people dif-
ferent from that which William of Prussia
pursued toward the French in the late war
between France and Prussia, wherein he paid
for all the property that was taken for the
support of his army, and wherein he respected
to the letter all private property.
The Government have the power and the
right to assume their own course, their own
position with regard to the southern people.
They declared as one of the results of the war
that slavery should be abolished, and it was
done. The southern people were no more
responsible for slavery than were the people
of the North, where first it had its resting
place, and from which it had been transported
to the southern States at the cost of the slave
to the southern people, -which inured to the
profit of the northern people; but the Gov-
ernment had the power and the right to de-
mand as one of the results of the war that
slavery should be abolished, and it was abol-
ished. The widows and the orphans whose
whole property consisted in slaves, guaranteed
and protected by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, opposed to the revolution, if you
please, incapable of giving aid and comfort to
the enemy, yielded to the power of the Gov-
ernment and gave up their property. They
had also, under the mandate of this Govern-
ment, to yield up all their private property
which was taken by the Army. Stripped of
their wealth, poor and penniless, in the weeds
of mourning, those who can may exult over
their misfortune. I am not here to speak of
that.
I say, that the Government could do this
and assume their own position with regard to
the southern people, no one questions. They
had the right to hang every man in the South
if they had seen proper to do it when the war
ended. It was a question of statesmanship,
and for them to consider as one of statesman-
ship and one of safety to the Government of
the United States as to the course to be pur-
sued ; and after having taken one poor, mis-
erable vagabond from a southern prison, and
brought him here and tried and executed him,
they declared that they would not hang any
one else; they extended a pardon to all the
rest of the southern people. Whether the ex-
tension of that pardon to the southern people
was a blessing or a curse to some of them, I
will not pretend to say. In their poverty they
were left. In their distress and in their mis-
ery they yielded, I will say, with a cheerful-
ness and obedience unexampled by any people
who were ever subjected to a similar ordeal.
It was one of the results of the war, and as the
southern people had staked their all upon the
war, they complained not.
But I come to speak of this question in an-
other aspect. After the war had ended, when
the President of the United States had declared
that the war was at an end, then it was that
officers of the Government ofthe United States,
disregarding that proclamation, agents sent out
by the Government of the United States in the
interest of certain parties who were here about
the capital, and to further their own schemes,
seized the property of the poor people in the
South who were impotent to assert their rights,
and who, under the terror that existed on
account of the exercise of the bayonet, yielded
to the demand of these officers. Their prop-
erty was taken. When the Government of the
United States assumed the right to take the
private property of individuals after the war
had been declared to have ceased, that became
robbery, and it was nothing but robbery.
Mr. HILL. I wish to ask my friend from
Mississippi if he sees any good distinction be-
tween cotton taken after the 1st of May or the
1st of June, 18G5, by Treasury agents or by
officers of other Departments going about
that country without authority, and cotton
and property taken after this proclamation
was signed ? I think myself the Government
in justice ought to pay back in the first case
quite as readily as m the second. I can see
110 distinction. Actual hostilities had ceased.
There is the point. If the termination of the
war was not proclaimed by the President as
early as the summer of 1865, it was an actual
existing fact, nevertheless; and I do not think
the Government had the right to take and
appropriate the property of citizens then, when
there was no flagrant war, any more that it had
after the proclamation of the President.
Mr. ALCORN. I have spoken ofthe power
to do and the right to do, and it may be that
there is some confusion in my statement on
those points. The principle that 1 attempted
to assert was that- the Government of the Uni-
ted States being the victor, h,td the right, to
declare wlinu the war had ceased. It was not
when the armies had surrendered, perhaps,
that they would have seen proper to declare
that the war had ceased. The Government
might have declared that the war did not cease
