S826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
on the Treasury, there are other facts which
all go to show that Clark is simply attempt-
ing to recover from the Government a claim
■which ought never to be allowed, and is trying
to charge on another person the sole com-
mission of a crime to which I think it can be
proved that he was himself a party.
I hope the House will not vote to sustain
the claim of a man who used the very funds
he alleges his clerk abstracted, and was him-
self guilty of gross frauds and violations of
dnty in withdrawing $30,000 from the sub-
Treasury in order to give his father-in-law a
fictitious credit with a certain New York bank.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Now, this is
excellent! This case was before the Com-
mittee of Claims during the last Congress,
and Mr. Hotchkiss, whom the older members
of the House know very well, heard this man
Bogart testify for two weeks every day, and
his testimony is there among the papers in
this case; and after Mr. Hotchkiss got through
he put oil record the statement that this man
Bogart was the most unconscionable liar he
ever heard, and was not to be believed. Bo-
gart himself acknowledges the larceny of $900,
and instead of being arrested by the officers
he was arrested by Clark himself, as appears
by abundant proof here. All the officers in
the ship comradict all Bogarl's statements.
Like till thieves, he tells a story trying to fix
his crime on somebody else.
Mr. STOR1I. Where do the committee get
the evidence that the finding of the court-
martial was set aside because the sentence
was too short?
Mr. BLAIR, uf Michigan. It is in the
report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. STORM. I understand the findings
were set aside because he had resigned, and it
was held that he could not be court-martialed
after he had resigned.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. That is not so.
I call the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
allow a motion to recommit tins bill. I feel
confident that the probability is that we will
be doing an act of injustice to the Government
and to the public service in passing this bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. The case has
been here three years and a half.
Mr. STORM. There are too many mys-
teries about it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I insist upon
the previous question.
The question was taken upon seconding the
the previous question; and upon a division
there were—ayes 45, noes 40 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Blair, of
Michigan, and Mr. Holman were appointed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust that there will be
consent given for this matter to go over for
one week.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs leave to
remind the gentleman that tellers are appointed
to count the House, not to discuss the question
to be voted on.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 6G, noes 60.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question was on ordering the main
question.
Mr. HOLMAN. Although I do not like to
consume the time of this House, I am com-
pelled to resist the passage of this bill ; and
therefore I move that it be laid on the table.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. As the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Holman] seems to
have some feeling upon the subject, I will
move that the bill be recommitted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the bill will be
recommitted. I suppose the gentleman does
not propose to report it again to-day.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. No, sir.
The hill was accordingly recommitted.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted ; and
I also move that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I have no objec-
tion to that at all.
The motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sosr, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate requested the House of Repre-
sentatives to return the bill of the Senate No.
986, to settle land titles in the State of Iowa.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House
of the following title:
A bill (H. R. No. 1323) making appropria-
sions for the consular aud diplomatic service
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1873, and for other purposes.
CLERK OF COMMITTEE OF CLAIMS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and
adopted:
Jiesolved, That the Clerk of the House be, and he
is hereby, authorized to pay out of the contingent
fund of this House such sum as may be certified as
correct by the chairman of the Committee of Claims
on account of extra clerical labor rendered neces-
sary by the report of the commissioners of claims:
Provided, That the same shall be audited and
approved by the Committee on Accounts.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
louisville and bardstown turnpike.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. In order to save
time, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar
be discharged from the further consideration
of House bill No. 1939, for the benefit of
the Louisville and Bardstown Turnpike Com-
pany, and that the same be now considered in
the House. I hope no objection will be made,
as it will save time.
No objection was made; and the Committee
of the whole were discharged accordingly,
and the House proceeded to the consideration
of the bill.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Quartermaster General of the Army
to audit, adjust, and pay such sums as he may
deem proper and just to the president, direct-
ors, and company of the Bardstown and Louis-
ville Turnpike-Road Company, for the cost
incurred by said company in replacing two
bridges on said road, one over Salt river, the
other over Floyd's Fork, burned and destroyed
by the order of General Nelson, in command
at the time of the United States troops in Ken-
tucky, as a military necessity, on the 22d day
of September, 1862.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
albert grant.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I also ask unani-
mous consent that the Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar be discharged
from the further consideration of House bill,
No. 2035, to provide for the examination and
payment or the claim of Albert Grant, and
that the same be now considered by the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not know that I will
object. But this case was decided by the
Court of Claims, and I have not that volume
of their decisions before me.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. We will furnish
the gentleman with that volume.
No objection was made, and the Committee
of the Whole was accordingly discharged from
the further consideration of the bill, and the
House proceeded to consider the same.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of War to examine the
claim of Albert Grant, assignee to A. Grant
& Co., for damages sustained by A. Grant &
Co. in the erection of a fire-proof store-house
at Schuylkill arsenal, in the city of Philadel-
phia, in the years 1867 and 1868, under a con-
tract by them entered into with the United
States, the alleged amountbeing $47,000; and
if on examination the Secretary shall be of
opinion that the claim, or any part thereof, is
just and equitable, he shall cause it to be paid
to this claimant or his legal representatives;
provided that the amount so allowed shall not
exceed the sum of $47,000, and that it shall
be in full discharge of the claim. And that a
sufficient sum to pay the amount adjudged by
the Secretary of War to the claimant, by virtue
of the act, shall be appropriated.
Mr. BLAlli, of Michigan. I now yield to
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.]
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, it has been
some time since I examined the history of
this claim ; and if the chairman of the com-
mittee has a report upon it, I would be glad
to have it read. •
The Clerk read as follows:
The Committee of Claims, to whom was referred
the "memorial ot' Albert Grant, for payment for
certain extra work, and increased cost of a fire-
proof store-house, constructed at Schuylkill arse-
nal, in the city of Philadelphia, in the years 1867 and
1868," having considered the same, ask leave to make
the following report:
On the 13th of April, A. D. 1867, George H. Cros-
man, Assistant Quartermaster General of the United
States Army, by direction of the War Department,
under authority conferred by law, entered into a
written agreement with the firm of A. Grant & Co.
for the construction of a quartermaster',- store-house
at the Schuylkill arsenal, in the city of Philadelphia,
according to certain plans and specifications therein
referred to. The contract contained these two pro-
visions, among others: that the materials and work
should be "subject to the inspection, approval, or
rejection, of John McArthur, jr., or sueh other archi-
tect as may be employed by the United States, and
of Brevet Brigadier General George H. Crosman,"
and that " no extra charge for modifications will be
allowed, unless such modifications are agreed upon
in writing by the parties." The contract price was
$138,000. The building was commenced on the 15th
of April, 1867, and completed on the 6th of the fol-
lowing March.
John McArthur, the architect named in the con-
tract, a gentleman of large experience, standing at
the head of his profession in the city of Philadel-
phia, and having been for six years in the service
of the United States, prepared the plans and speci-
eations for the store-house, and superintended its
construction as supervising architect until Septem-
ber 18, 1867, then resigned, and was succeeded by
John Prazer, a.lso eminent in his profession. The
case finds that the contractors strictly complied with
all the requirements of the supervising architects
as to material and labor. But General Crosman
virtually exercised absolute control over the con-
tractors and their employes. disregarding the opin-
ions and advice of Mr. McArthur, the supervising
architect, transferred that control to Colonel Crilley
and Captain Craig, two military subatterns, who, as
also General Crosman, in their testimony virtually
admitted their profound ignorance ot the matters
they assumed to direct. From the commencement of
the work the contractors were subjected to inter-
ferences and vexations on the part ot these officers,
acting, as the evidence justifies us in believing,
under the authority and knowledge, if not by the
direction, of General Crosman, and these annoy-
ances were carried to such an extent that the con-
tractors stopped work and the Government architect
resigned.
The attorney for the United States, in the trial of
this ease before the Court of Claims, virtually ad-
mits the justice of the abovo conclusions, and the
court, in the opinion in the cause, makes use of this
language: " It is true, it is admitted by the Assist-
ant Attorney General, that the conduct of Captain
Craig, which General Crosman seems to have in-
dorsed in some instances, was both unjustifiable
and unauthorized." It is unnecessary to recite
these annoyances and hinderauces. They are to be
found in the evidence before the Court of Claims,
and justified the refusal of the contractors to pro-
