1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
COLLEGE OP WILLIAM AND MAES.
Mr. PERCE. I move that the House now
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar for the purpose of
considering the bill (H. R. No. 1338) to reim-
burse the College of William and Mary, in
Virginia, for property destroyed daring the war
of the rebellion. And pending that motion I
move that all general debate on the bill be
limited t,o one hour.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I hope the motion
to limit debate will not be agreed to.
The question was first on limiting general
debate on the bill, when the House should
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole, to
one hour; and being put, there were—ayes
76, noes 67.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Mr. Perce, and Mr. Blair of Michi-
gan.
Before the tellers took their places,
Mr. PERCE. I will consent to extend the
time for general debate to an hour and a half.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. If the gentle-
man will say two hours, I am satisfied.
Mr. PERCE. I agree to that.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Then I with-
draw the demand for a divieion.
The motion of Mr. Pekoe, as modified,
limiting general debate to two hours, was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs,
shall the House now go into Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar? The Chair
desires to put the question in the correct form.
The question is as to the House resolving itself
into Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar, not on any particular bill, but on
whatever the committee may find there.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the pre-
vious question be considered as operating at
the end of two hours?
The SPEAKER. If the House shall go
into Committee of the Whole general debate
will close m two hours, and then the five-
minutes debate will ensue as in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. There is
no limitation placed on that by the House.
'the question was on going into Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar; and
being put, there were—ayes 83, noes 46.
Mr. FARN3W0RT1I. I think we had bet-
ter have the yeas and nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
• The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 133, nays 42, not vot-
ing 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Amos, Arthur, Avcrili,
Barnum. Barry, Beatty, Bock, Bigby, Biggs, Bing-
ham, Bird,Braxton, George M. Brooks, James Brooks,
Bufiinton, BurUott, Bunjumm F. Butler, Caldwell,
William T. Clarko, Cobb, Coburtt, Comingo, Conner,
Cox, Crebs,Oreely.Critchor,Crossiand,DarraU, Davis,
l>ox, UuBose. Duell, Duke, Dunnell, Eames, Eld-
ridge, Ely, Farwell, Furkor, Giirrett, Golladny,
Griffith, Ilaldeman. Hancock, Handley, Hanks,
Harper, John T. Harris, Havens, Hawley, Hays,
Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hereford,
Herndon, Hibbard, Hill, Hoar, Keltev, Kellogg,
Kendall, King, Lauiison, Lansing, Leack, Lewis,
Lowe, Manson, Marshall, Maynard, McClelland,
MoCormick. McGrew, McIIenry, Melntyre.JMoKee,
McNeely, Mereur, Monroe, Morgan. Morphis, Leon-
ard Myers, Niblacli, Orr, Hosea W. Parker, Perce,
Eli Perry, Poland, Porter, Potter, Price. Read,
Edward Y. Rioe, John M. Kice, William It. Roberts,
Rogers, Seeley, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Sherwood,
Shober, Slater,Sloss, John A.Smith, Snapp,Snyder,
Thomas J. Speer, Stevens, Storm, Stowell, Swann,
Taffe, Terry, Thomas, Washington Townsend, Tut-
liill, Twioholl, Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees,
Waddell, Wakeman. Walden, Wallace, Warren,
Wells, Whitthorne, Williams of New York, Win-
chester, Wood, and Young—133.
NAYS—Messrs. Barber, Austin Blair, Buckley,
Burchard, Conger, Cotton, Donnan, Farnsworth,
Finketnburg, Charles Foster,Wilder D.Foster.Hale,
Hay, Ho Iman, Ketch ana.Lynch, Me J unkin,Merriam,
Megley, Packard. Palmer, Isaac C. Parker Peck,
Pendleton, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk, Sargent,Sawyer,
Shanks, Worthington C. Smith, Sprague, Stough-
ton,Strong,Turner,Tyner,Upson, Waldron, Wheeler,
Willard, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiaa M. Wilson,
and John T. Wilson—42. ... , v.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Archer,
Banks,Bell, Beveridge,James G. Blair, Boles.Briglit,
Roderick R. Butler, Campbell, Carroll, Freeman
Clarke, Coghlan, Dawes, De Large, Dickey, Elliott,
Henry D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Getz, Goodrich,
Halsey, Hambleton. Harmer, George E. Harris,
Hooper, Houghton, ICerr, Killinger, Kinselia, Lam-
port, MeOrary, MeKinney, Merrick, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Mitchell, Moore, Morey, Packer. Aaron
F. Perry, Peters, Piatt, Prindle, Rainey, Randall,
Ritchie, Robinson, Roosevelt, Scofield, Sessions,
Shoemaker, Slocum, H. Boardman Smith, R. Mil-
ton Speer, Starkweather, Stevenson, St. John,
Sutherland, Sypher, Dwight Townsend, Walls, and
Whiteley—64.
So the motion was' agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the Piivate Cal-
endar, (Mr. L. Myers in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the first bill
upon the Calendar, being the bill (H. R. No.
1338) to reimburse the College of William and
Mary, in Virginia, for property destroyed dur-
ing the war of the rebellion.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to the College of Wil-
liam and Mary, in Virginia, the sum of $65,000,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to reimburse the college
for the destruction of its buildings and other
property, destroyed without authority by dis-
orderly soldiers of the United States during
the late rebellion, no money to be paid except
upon account of such destruction and dam-
ages caused thereby duly verified and proven.
The CHAIRMAN. All general debate upon
this bill will be closed by order of the House
in two hours.
Mr. PERCE, I call for the reading of the
report of the committee.
Mr. SHANKS. When will it be in order
to offer amendments to the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. At the close of the gen-
eial debate.
The report was read, and is as follows:
The Committee on Education and Labor, to whom
was referred the petition of President Benjamin S.
Eweil and others, representing William and Mary
college, of Virginia, report thereon as follows:
Tno buildings of William andMary college,in Vir-
ginia, which were originally designed by Sir Christo-
pher Wren, and completed in the year 1723, were
totally destroyed nearly a century and a half there-
after by accidental fire. This destruction occurred
on the night of the 8th of February, 1859. So great
was the loss by this tire that the list of articles saved
comprises only "the records of the college "the
old portraits that hung in the blue-room," '• the col-
lege seal," "some of the furniture, and the library
of the Philomanthian Society." The resources of
the college, however, were ample, and ono year from
the date ot the destruction of its buildings—upon
the anniversary of the fire—the president reported
to the faculty of William and Mary that—
" The new college edifice has been completed and
fully furnished. On the 11th of October, 1859, the
cap-stone of the building was laid by the grand
lodge of Virginia, and the college exercises have
been conducted in it without interruption from the
beginning of the present session. The buildings are
in every way suitable, and in an eminentdcgrco con-
venient and comfortable. The lecture-rooms are
furnished with all the appliances for illustration in
the several departments of instruction. The philo-
sophical apparatus is very complete. The walls of
tho lecture-rooms of natural science are hung with
valuable pictorial diagrams. The department ot
chemistry is well provided with chemicals and in-
struments for experiment and research. The lec-
ture-room of history has been provided with a full
set of most valuable mural maps, geographical and
historical, on the largest scale and of the most accu-
rate construction. •
"The literary societies of the eollege have been
provided with large and handsome halls, which are
furnished in the mostcomtortable manner. To each
of tlieso is attached ail apartment for library and
reading-room. The chapol has boon restored, and
the remains of its illustrious doad still lie undis-
turbed w>i hin its walls.
"The library has boon conveniently and beauti-
ful ly furnished with eatses for books, and already con-
tains about six thousand volumes, obtained partly
by purchase and partly by the donations of public-
spirited individuals.
"Thus, witliin one year, the losses by the lire ot
February 8, 1859, have in every material point of
view been completely restored, and in all the essen-
tials of its building, furniture, apparatu!, and libra-
ry, the coll©?© is now in a better condition than it
was on that day."
Tho above report represents substantially the con-
dition of the buildings, apparatus?, library, furni-
ture, and other property of the college up to the
commencement of the war of the rebellion, when the
surrounding country immediately became the seat
of active hostilities. Tiie peninsula formed by the
James and York rivers was debatable ground, occu-
pied alternately by the contending forces. ^Vji-
hamsburg—the site of William and Mary—is its
strategic point, the key of the military position, and
terrific battles were fought for its possession. In
September, 1862, Williamsburg was held by a de-
tachment of the United States Army, but on the 9th.
of that month the place was attacked and occupied
by a force of confederate cavalry, who held the eity
until eleven o'clock of that day. Upon the evacua-
tion by tho rebel cavalry and the return o.f our
troops, a body of stragglers from the United States
forces, drunken, disorderly, and insubordinate; fired
and destroyed tho college building wifch the library,
apparatus, furniture, and other property thereipi
belonging to the institution. Afterward, during the
war, other houses and property of the college and
connected therewith were destroyed by Union sol-
diers.
Tho committee, from tho" evidence before them,
are satisfied this destruction was'entirely without
authority, and utterly useless for any purpose of
legitimate warfare.
Early in May of 1861 fhe actual existence of war
had compelled the authorities of the institution to
suspend the college exercises and close its doors.
Subsequent to that time, up to May of 1862, tho
building had been used, first as a barracks, and
afterward as a hospital for our forces, but was
wholly unoccupied when burned.
The College of William and Mary is one of. the
most venerable institutions of learning in the coun-
try. Chartered by William and Mary of England,
in 1693, its story embraces oil the vicissitudes, triala,
and triumphs of ournation, from the earliest strugr
gles of the feeble "band of colonists of Virginia to
the hour of our present grandeur. If there bo any
edifices which do honor to human society, and
which ought to be spared, for whatever cause a
country be ravaged,the College of William and
Mary, in Virginia, comes withm the Classification.
The memorialists do not make any legal elaim.
They make no demand as of right, or as an appeal
to the justice of the United States in their behalf.
They admit there can be no lawful claim, but they
do appeal to the generosity of the Government under
the modern usages of war, which, by the customs of
all enlightened nations, have now acquired tho
force of law, exempting from the vicissitudes of
warfare, and declaring all works of art, repositories
of science and learning, and public buildings devot-
ed to civil purposes only, belonging to an enemy,
sacred from spoliation and destruction.
"They are not considered as the peculium of this
or of that nation, but as the property of mankind
at large, and as belonging to the common interests
of the whole species."
The College of William and Mary has given to
the nation the author of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, the President of the first American Con-
gress, five signers of the Declaration, three Presi-
dents of the United States, its great Chief Justicc,
the first Attorney General, one general commanding
tho armies of the United States, and aumerous other
distinguished statesmen, jurists, and soldiers. The
destruction of its buildings was certainly unneces-
sary, and as certainly unauthorized. It did not tend
to procure victory or bring the war to a conclusion,
and with all acts of similar character must be de-
clared a licentiousness condemned by the laws of
nature.
In the struggle for the life of tho nation the Oov-
ernment did not wage war against the private rights
of its citizens or the charities of humanity, but for
the supremacy of the law and of the Constitution.
The committee find the damages to tho property
of the College of William and Mary during- the war
to be—
Main college building, with wings, 345 by 100 feet,
burned $40,000
Professor's house, with out-houses, burned  5.000
Brafferton house, with out-houses, torn down, 5,000
Coiicgc library, burned, destroyed, and car-
ried off.    6,000
College apparatus and furniture, new, burned
and destroyed   G,000
Professor's house, partly torn down, and out-
houses destroyed !.  3,000
Total   S65,C00
Mr, PERCE. Mr. Chairman, in reporting
the bill reimbursing the College of Wilbam
and Mary, I desire to say but very few words.
The memorial upon which the report is based
was presented to the last Congress by the hon-
orable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler.] Ifc was referred to the Commirtee
on Education and Labor, and upon March 3,
1871, Mr. Arnell, of Tennessee, chairman of
that committee, presented a favorable leport
thereon. Of course nothing could be done
at so late a day, and no further action was
taken in the matter. Early in the presentses-
sion my attention was called to the_ sahjs ct,
and upon motion the papers were withdrawn
from the files of the House, and again referred
to the Committee on Education and Labor,
and now by a unanimous vote of the commit-
tee I have been directed to present the report
before us, and to urge the passage of the bill
therein submitted.
The memorialists do not assert, neither do
the committee believe any lawful claim against
the United States exists. It is true that from
