1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
at this early stage of the session, not with any
disposition, of course, to lecture the House,
but merely to remind them, that on Monday
morning every State is called, and the amplest
opportunity is given for the introduction of
bills. A great deal of the regular business of
the House is interrupted by the introduction
and reference of bills that might just as well
be introduced and referred on Monday morn-
ings. The Chair hopes that members will
make a point of introducing their bills during
the hours specified and set apart for that pur-
pose. Every gentleman has the amplest op-
portunity on Mondays, the rule requiring every
State to be called, if it consumes the entire
day. It is not limited to the hour. The Chair
hopes that unless some peculiar exigency re-
quires the immediate reference of a bill, gen-
tlemen will conform to this rule of the House,
and he therefore discourages the asking of
leave for this purpose.
writs or error in criminal cases.
Mr. AMBLER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 470) to allow writs
of error to be taken, in criminal cases, to the
Supreme Court of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be priqted.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I now demand
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. That is the motion of
the gentleman from Wisconsin, that the House
adjourn.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. That is what I
want. [Laughter.]
The question was taken on Mr. Eldridge's
motion, and it was agreed to; and the House
(at one o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned until Monday.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By the SPEAKER : The petition of H. B.
Hoskins, treasurer of the Gardiner (Maine)
Savings Bank, and others, for the repeal of
the present tax on savings institutions.
Also, the petition of Anna Butterfield, for
pension.
By Mr. AMBLER: The petition of Rich-
ard B. Crawford, praying that the pension
granted him as a private, for disability because
of wounds received in battle, be increased to
the pension of a second lieutenant, that being
his actual rank at the time he received said
wounds.
By Mr. HOAR.: The petition of Hosea
Crane and others, of Millbury, Massachu-
setts, for the abolition of the tax on savings
banks.
By Mr. LYNCH : The petition of W. H.
Colley, of Brunswick, Maine, for a pension for
services in the United States frigate Potomac.
Also, the petition of Mary Wood, of Naples,
Maine,- for pension.
Also, the petition of Mary R. Loring, of
Maine, for the removal of the five years' lim-
itation from the pension act.
Also, the petition of David Loring, Simeon
Snow, and Calvin Robbins, for pension.
By Mr. PERRY, of Ohio: The memorial
of A. Labrot, praying compensation for dam-
age to his grounds and shrubbery by the
United States Army during the war.
By Mr. WADDELL: A petition of to-
bacco manufacturers of North Carolina, to
abolish or abate the duty of ten cents a pound
on block licorice.
papers withdrawn and referred.
The following papers were withdrawn from
the files of the House, and referred under the
rules:
By Mr. ARCHER: The papers in the case
of Bernard Swartz, of Maryland, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 11, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of the proceedings of Thursday
last was read and approved.
Hon. William T. Hamilton, from the State
of Maryland, Hon. Joshua Hill, from the
State of Georgia, and Hon. Morgan C. Hamil-
ton, from the State of Texas, appeared in
their seats to-day.
reference of petitions.
Under the general order made on Thursday
last, the following petition and resolution were
referred to the Committee on Finance :
A petition of citizens of Massachusetts,
prayingthat the duty on salt be abolished ; and
Resolution of the Chamber of Commerce of
New Orleans, Louisiana, asking for the refund*
ing of the tax collected on cotton in the years
1865, 1860, 1867, and_1868.
The petition of citizens of the District of
Columbia, praying the repeal of the charter
of the Medical Society of the District of Colum-
bia, was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The following petitions were referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads:
A petition of citizens of Binghamton, New
York, praying that the sale of stamped envel-
opes be abolished;
A petition of citizens of Nebraska, praying
the establishment of a mail route from Ash-
land to Palmyra, in that State ; and
A petition of citizens of Pittsburg, Penn-
sylvania, and a petition of citizens of New
Hampshire, praying that the manufacturing
and selling of stamped envelopes by the Gov-
ernment may be discontinued.
The following peti:ions were referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary :
A petition of citizens of Brooklyn, New
York, and a petition of citizens of Albany,
New York, praying the passage of the bill
(S. No. 99) supplementary to an act entitled
"An act to protect all citizens <5f the United
States in their civil rights, and to furnish the
means for their vindication," passed April 9,
I860; and
The petition of Sherman W. Adams, of
Hartford, Connecticut, praying for such legisla-
tion as may establish genera! rules in relation
to road-beds, tracks, gauges, bridges, depots,
railway maps and guides, the qualifications of
inspectors and officers of railroads, the rates
of carriage of passengers and freights, &c.
The following petition and resolutions were
referred to the Committee on Na^al Affairs:
A petition of commanding officers of the
Navy praying an increase of their rates of pay ;
and
Resolutions of the Union Merchants' Ex-
change of St. Louis, Missouri, indorsing the
policy suggested by the Secretary of the Navy,
and recommended to Congress, as to accept-
ing the proposal of the International Steam-
ship Company for the creation of American
steamship-building works for the construction
of ocean steamers ; in favor of aid in a similar
manner to the Western Iron Stee.mboat Build-
ing Company.
The petition of E. B. Scott, of Mobile, Ala
bama, and the petition of E. A. Powell, of
Alabama, praying the removal of their polit-
ical disabilities, were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
The memorial of Denis Sullivan, praying
compensation for cotton destroyed by order
of Major General Banks on or about the 27th
day of April, 1804, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
The petition of honorably discharged wound-
ed soldiers, praying for an increase of pen-
sions, and also for an increased allowance for
the purchase of artificial limbs, was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
The letter of the Assistant Secretary of
State, transmitting a copy of a dispatch of May
25, 1871, from the United States consul at the
city of Mexico, relative to the claims of J. C.
Beals and others, was referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims.
The following motion and resolutions were
referred to the Committee on Printing:
A motion by Mr. Akthoxy to print additional
copies of the President's message and accom-
panying documents ;
A resolution by Mr. Ferry, of Michigan, to
print the President's message, and the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, in the German
language; and
A resolution by Mr. Sherman to print two
thousand copies of the report of the Comp-
troller of the Currency for the use of the
Comptroller.
bills referred.
The following bills were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary:
A bill (S.' No. 321) to regulate the civil ser-
vice of the United States, and to promote the
efficiency thereof;
A bill (S. No. 326) to regulate certain
actions in the Court of Claims by loyal owneis
of property seized under the act of March 12,
1863 ;
A bill (S. No. 328) in relation to the district
courts of Alabama;
A bill (S. No. 333)'for the better organiza-
tion of the district courts of the United States
within the State of Louisiana;
A bill (S. No. 335) to amend an act entitled
"An act to enforce the rights of citizens of the
United States to vote in the several States of
this Union, and for other purposes;"
A bill (S. No. 336) to prevent and punish
bribery and corrupt practices in the election
of electors x)f President and Vice President
of the United States, and of members of the
House of Representatives in the Congress of
the United States: and
A bill (S. No. 338) in relation to the office
of attorney of the United States for the dis-
trict of Louisiana.
The following bills were referred to the
Committee on Finance:
A bill (S. No. 322) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to the owners the
proceeds of certain cotton seized in violation
of instructions f'rotn the Treasury Department;
A bill (S. No. 323) to authorize compound-
interest notes as a substitute for legal-tender
notes ;
A bill (S. No. 330) to provide for the relief
of sufferers by fire in the city of Chicago ; and
A bill (S. No. 334) to restore the office of
the director of the Bureau of Statistics.
The following bills were referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs :
A bill (S. No. 320) to authorize the restora-
tion of Gilbert Morton to the naval service;
A bill (S. No. 329) for the relief of Charles
W. Whitney: and
A bill (S. No. 342) to regulate the pay of
commanding officers in the Navy.
The following bills were referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads:
A bill (S. No. 332) authorizing mail steam-
ship service in the Gulf of Mexico between
the port of New Orleans, Louisiana, and cer-
tain ports of the republic of Mexico; and
A bill (S. No. 341) to reduce the rates of
correspondence by telegraph, and to connect
the telegraph with the postal service.
The bill (S. No. 324j to extend the provis-
ions of an act entitled "An act for the final
adjustment of private land claims in the States
of Florida, Louisiana, and Missouri, and for
other purposes," was referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims.
The bill (S. No. 325) to aid in the execution
of the law against polygamy, and to prevent
that crime in the Territory of Utah, and for
other purposes, was referred to the Committee
on Territories.
The bill (S. No. 327) to establish the collec-
