1836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,,
by win eh the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BUTCH BARK ALICE TARLETON.
Mr, CONGER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2043) au-
thoiizing an American register to the Dutch
bark Alice Tarleton ; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
. The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue an American
register to the Dutch bark Alice Tarleton,
owned by John S. Emery & Co., of Boston,
Massachusetts.
Mr. CONGER. I ask the Clerk to read a
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
February 25,1871.
Sir : Your letter of the 2ith instant, inclosing for
my views thereon oertain papers relating to the
application of the owners of the Dutch bark Alice
Tarleton foran American register, has been received,
from which it appears that the bark is an American-
built vessel, and sailed a3 such from 18-17 to 1861, when
she was transferred to Messrs. Van J?raag Brothers,
of Surinam, Dutch Guiana, and was registered at
Supinam,_ and traded between that port and Boston.
In April. 1870, sho camo into tho possession of John
S. Brnery & Co , of Boston, who took her to securo a
debt due them from the Van Praags, and now peti-
tion for an American register.
It is further represented that in 1867 repairs were
put upon her at Boston amounting to $11,238, which
whs piobably equal toller first cost; and in the fall
of 1870 additional repairs were made upon the vessel
in the same port which cost over five thousand dol-
lars.
The party now owning the vessel came in posses-
sion as morigagee, and it does not appear from the
papers submitted that tho present owner was a party
to her transfor to another nag.
Under tho circumstances, the mortgagee having
beencompeilod to take hor as security lor adebt law-
fully contracted, it is submitted to Congress whether
tho o&so is of such a character as to entitle her to a
register, notwithstanding the provisions of the acts
of Juno27,1797, andot February 10,1866,theamount
expended in hor repairs in an American port and in
American materials being more than equal to her
Crst cost.
I have tho honor to be, very respectfully.
GEO. S. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
Hon. I£. n. Staekweathek, Committee on Commerce,
House of tteprvaentatives.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
aceoidmglyread the third time, and passed.
Mr. CONGER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
tab!o.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHANGING NAMES Oi' PLEASURE-YACHTS.
Mr. CONGER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to ask the House to
take from the Speaker's table the bill (H. R.
No. 635) to change the name of the pleasure-
yacht Lois to that of Sea-Witch, in order that
the amendments of the Senate may be con-
curred in.
The SPEAKER. If tbdre be no objection
the amendments of the Senate will be read.
There being no objection, the Clerk read as
follows :
In line six strike out tho word " Stoll" and insert
the word Stott."
Add the following as a new section:
And le it further enacted. That the Secretary of
tho treasury, beand is hereby, authorized to change
the name of the yacht William M.Tweed, ownod
by A. B. Stockwell, of the State of New York, to
that ot Julia, and grant said yacht registry in said
name.
Amend tho title by adding to it those words: " and
to change the name of the yacht William JJI. Tweed
to that ot Julia."
• beinS n0 objection, the amendments
of the senate were concurred in.
SHIPPING COMMISSIONERS.
Mr. CONGER. X am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to renort back, with
  recommendation that it pass,'the bill (H. R.
No. 2044) to authorize the appointment of ship-
ping commissioners by ths - several circuit
courts of the United States, to superintend
the shipping and discharge of seamen engaged
in merchant ships belonging to the United
States, and for the further protection of sea-
men. I ask that this bill be read by sections
'for amendment.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Is the bill
printed?
Mr. CONGER. It is.
Mr. POTTER. Before the proposition of
the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Ooxger]
is acted on, I wish to make an inquiry. Will
the gentleman from Michigan be kind enough
to inform me whether this bill is in any respect
or substantially like the bill on this subject
which was considered by the Committee on
Commerce during the Forty-First Congress?
Mr. CONGER. It is the same bill, with
some merely verbal changes.
Mr. POTTER. I was familiar with that
bill, and I agreed with the gentleman from
Michigan in thinking the measure a wise one,
and one calculated for the protection of our
seamen. It was recommended, I believe, by
the Seamens' Society of New York.
Mr. CONGER. This bill, in substantially
its present form, was passed by the Senate
during the last Congress and received the
attention of the Committee on Commerce of
this House, but it failed to be reported here
for lack of time. It is substantially the same
bill as that to which the gentleman from New
York refers, there being only some verbal
changes.
Mr. POTTER. 1 make no objection to the
consideration of the bill by sections.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the bill will be read by sections for amend-
ment. The Chairwill state that if this method
of treating the bill be adopted, gentlemen
wishing to offer amendments to any section
must propose them before the Clerk has pro-
ceeded to read the next section. This arrange-
ment will prevent recurring to any section after
it has been passed. Does the gentleman from
Michigan desire that the verbal changes made
in the printed text shall be read as part of the
bill or shall be treated as amendments tQ be
acted on separately ?
Mr. CONGER. I desire that they may be
treated as part of the bill. The only material
change in the bill is substituting "circuit
courts" for "judges of the circuit courts,"
to_ meet a constitutional objection to author-
izing appointments by the judges.
Tho SPEAKER. The bill, as now in the
hands of the Clerk, will be treated as an
original bill, and will be read accordingly.
'Ihe first section of the bill (II. R. No. 2044)
was read as follows:
_ Be it enacted by the Senate and Souse of Jlepreeenta-
9&, e United states of America in Congress assem-
bled, lhat the several circuit courts of the United
tetates, m which circuits there is a sea-port or ports for
whici^ there is a collector of customs, or in which
there is a portof entry, shall appointa commissioner
or commissioners for the sea-port or ports within
their respective circuits; such commissioners to be
termed ' shipping commissionersand may, from
tune to time, remove from office any of the said
commissioners whom it may have reason to believe
Uoesnot properly perform his duties; and shall pro-
vido tor the proper performance of such duties until
another person is duly appointed inhisplace; shall
regulate the mode of conducting business in the
snipping offices to be established by the shipping
commissioners as hereinafter provided; and shall
havo Kill and complete control over the same, sub-
ject to the provisions herein contained.
Mr. COX. I would like the attention of
the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Conger]
for a moment. I do not intend to oppose this
bill; for aught I know it is a humane and very
proper measure. But I wish to be informed
whether it comes in conflict with any State
laws or regulations, or whether all these mat-
ters pertaining to seamen are not already cov-
ered by statutory regulations of the Federal
Government.
Mr. CONGER. I am not aware that this
bill conflicts with any provisions of any State
law whatever. The object of the bill, as indi-
cated in its title, is to protect seamen by legal
regulations as to the mode of their shipping
and discharge, in lack of any laws now exist-
ing on the subject. The bill is substantially
.the shipping-commissioners' act ot England,
rwith such changes as have been deemed neces-
sary to adapt it to this country. I will pre-
sent to the House at the proper time the
unanimous recommendation ot the bill b^
the Chamber of Commerce and the Board of
Trade of New York, the Board of Trade of
San Francisco, and similar bodies in others
of our principal cities. The bill has received
also the recommendation of the Seamen's
Friend Society, and I believe of all who are
anxious to promote the interests of the three
hundred thousand men belonging to our marine
service.
Mr. COX. Do I understand that the mer-
chants generally have approved this bill in the
interest of the seamen?
Mr. CONGER. The merchants themselves,
the shippers themselves, thoso who own tho
vessels and sail them, are unanimous in sup-
port of the bill so far as I have heard.
Mr. COX. I only speak for one person,
but if it be as tho gentleman from Michigan
states, then I do not see any necessity for the
reading of this bill over section by section.
Mr. KERR. Oh, no; Jet the bill be read.
Mr. COX. I understand it has already been
approved by the Senate.
Mr. POTf ER. This has never been passed
by the Senate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Iu the first sec-
tion there is no limitation of the number of
these commissioners who are to be appointed.
Now, it occurs to me in a judicial district where
there are not many sea-ports this power might
be abused by appointing more commissioners
than are lieeessary. It soems to me, there-
fore, there ought to be some limitation. I
merely throw out the suggestion to the gen-
tleman from Michigan who reports the bill.
Mr. CONGER, it was left in this way for
this reason: it is intended there shall be ap-
pointed two or three commissioners in large
sea-ports. In the large cities the appointment
of one commissioner would be insufficient, but
in all other places the appointment of one
would be enough. Take New York cily, for
instance. There the appointment of the num-
ber of commissioners is left with the courts,
and for the reason that it is intended this w"hole
matter shall be taken out of party politics en-
tirely, by leaving it to the judicial decision of
the courts. It was thought by the Committee
on Commerce and by the friends of the bill
that it would not be abused by leaving tho
appointments to be made in that manner;
that it would not be liable to any abuse so far
as the number of appointments was concerned.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, if the gentle-
man thinks one sufficient for every other place
thati New York city, in my judgment it is bet-
ter that we should say so in the bill, rather
than to leave the whole matter open. 1 do
not wish it to be loft open for the imagination
of people to work on. I therefore suggest that
he change the language of the bill so as to
provide that there shall be two or three com-
missioners for the city of New York, and only
one for every other place.
Mr. CONGER. Let me remark to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that the expense of carry-
ing this on is to be paid by the shippers in the
larger proportion, and incidentally by the sea-
men themselves. If the gentleman will read
the bill I think he will _ bo satisfied that it is
better not to put upon it any limitation such
as he proposes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not object
on the score of expense. I understand this
does not come out of the Treasury in any way.
It is not wise, however, in my judgment, to
change a law creating officers for the Govern-
ment of the United States so that some one
may say it creates an illimitable and indefinite
number of officers. There ought to be some-
where a definite number fixed. _ I suggest that
