3628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
v f
Mr. HOLM AN. The court says:
"On the whole case we reject the claim for damages
altogether."
Mr. FRYE. Yes, sir. But if the gentle-
man will read the whole opinion of the court
he will find that the argument of the Attorney
General and the opinion of the court were
based upon this: that the acts of these sub-
ordinate officers were illegal and without
authority, and therefore that the court could not
consider the question of damages. And they
did not consider the question of damages.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Frye] allow me to make another
suggestion ?
Mr. FBYE. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. This rises rather above
the ordinary question of the payment of a sum
of money. The appropriation here was
$140,000; the gentleman himself could not
fail to have seen that the Court of.Claims was
laying stress upon that point; the appropria-
tion itself was $140,000, the contract was
$138,000. Does the gentleman say that a
court is to be condemned which goes to the
outer edge in insisting that the law shall not
be violated by the subordinates of the Govern-
ment seeking to appropiiate ^money without
the consent of Congress?
Mr. FRYE. The gentleman is attempting
to interject an argument of his own into my
speech. But, Mr. Speaker, I do not charge
anything upon the court; not at all; neither
does the report charge anything upon the
court. But I say, when the court went beyond
the $134,000, ihey admitted the authority of
General Crosmau to order these extras. When
they allowed the $34,000 they admitted the
authority to order the extras and pay for them.
Mr. HOLMAN. Judge Loring admitted
that $140,000 was all that Congress appro-
priated and ali that could be expended.
Mr. FRYE. When I talk about the court I
talk about that portion of it which renders a
decision under the law ot the land, and not of
one judge of the court. I say the court allowed
$3-1,000 extras on a contract of $138,000,
showing conclusively that there was wrong
somewhere ; and that this Government did
not adhere to its contract in any particular
whatever.
HOLMAN. That $34,000 was paid.
Mr. FUYE. It was.
Mr. HOLMAN. Grant got his money.
Mr. FUYli. Grant got his money. He
got the $34,000 for the extras. On his claim
for $47,000 for damages the court says :
" These aots of the officers being illegal, wo cannot
consider that question."
And now on the question of damages alone
he comes to the Congress, where he has a
right, to come.
I wish to say that I spent nearly a fortnight
on this case, and it was no ex parte testimony
that 1 examined ; I examined all the testimony
contained in the printed book which I hold in
my hand. I read it with care. It was the first
case I took hold of, and I firmly believed it was
my duty to act conscientiously, to examine
conscientiously, to determine conscientiously
in all cases committed to my charge. I did so
in this case, and I say that in the annals of
Congress there cannot be found an outrage
perpetrated on an individual, with no remedy,
equal to the outrage commmitted upon A.
Grant & Co., as established by the testimony
of both sides here. And I say that, for all the
decision ot the Court of Claims, he is as free to
come before the Congress of the United States
to-day as though the matter had never gone
before the Court of Claims. I say further that
the gentleman from Indiana cannot find in the
argument of the Attorney General, cannot
find m the opinion of the court a single legal
or equitable reason which should bar the claim-
ant from coming here. I trust that the House
will allow him to go where the bill proposes
■ to allow him to go, to the Secretary of the
Treasury or to the Secretary of War, where
his case may be heard and considered, so that
if injustice has been done him justice may be
done him.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. On what ground
are the damages claimed?
Mr. FRYE. Upon the ground that when
the day's work was done, almost every night
for months, these military subalterns tore it
down without any authority, without any right,
without even consulting with the architect;
and when A. Grant & Co. stopped work, and
refused to go on, the higher authorities of
Washington authorized the whole matter to be
settled by arbitration.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Are not the
parties responsible for a trespass?
Mr. FRYE. They are not worth a cent.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. They are respon-
sible, nevertheless.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The question was upon its passage; and
being pnt, there were—ayes eighty-seven.
Mr. HOLMAN. Although it is very clear
that this claim ought not to he passed, and
that if it is passed the Court of Claims amounts
to nothing, I will not insist on a further count.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. FRYE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed a resolution requesting the
House of Representatives to return to the Sen-
ate the resolution of the Senate of the 26th of
January last in relation to the adjournment
of Congress.
consular and diplomatic rill.
Mr. S WANN submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes ot the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. R. No. 13i3) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses, &c., having met,
after full and free conference ha ve agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend to their respective Houses,
as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 5.6, 7, 21.
That tho llouse rccede from their disagreement to
the amendments of tho Senate 1, 4, 8, and 17, and
agreo to the^same.
That tho Sen ate recede from their disagreement
to thei amendments of the House to the fourteenth
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the twentieth amendment of the Sena.te, and
agreo to tlie fame with an amendment, as follows :
on pago 1 of the biil, at the end ot line twenty-one,
add the following words: "Provided, That on and
atier June 30,1873, there shall be but one minister
residen t accredited to Guatemala, Costa "Rica, Hon-
duras, Salvador, and Nicaragua, and that the Presi-
dent be authorized to select the place of residence
for the minister in any one of those States;" and
that the Sena te ajrree to the same as modified.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the eighteenth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
on page 5 of the bill, line eight, strike out the fol-
lowing words, "seven thousand five," and insert in
lieu thereof "five thousand seven and that the
Senate agree to the same as modified.
THOMAS SWANN,
JAMES BROOKS,
F. W. PALMER,
Manfifff.ru on the part of the ITouse.
FREDERICK A. SAWYER,
SIMON CAMERON,
GEORGE VICKEItS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr, SWANN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
haydbn's geological survey.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following concurent res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
adopted:
Resolved by the ITouie of Representatives, (the Sen ate
concurring,) That there be printed and bound, with
maps and other illustrations, fifteen thousand copies
of Professor Hayden's annual report of the United
States geological survey of the Territories, for 1871,
of which nine thousand copies shall be for the use
of the House of Representatives, three thousand for
the use of the Senate, fifteen hundred for the use of
the Secretary of the Interior, and fifteen hundred
for distribution by the Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
land titles in iowa.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the Senate :
In the Senate of the United States,
May 18,1S72.
Ordered, That the Secretary be directed to req uest
the House of Representatives to return to the Sen-
ate the bill (S. No. 986) to settle land titles iu the
State of Iowa.
The SPEAKER. This bill will be returned
to the Senate in accordance with their request.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. As a matter of
course ?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
adjournment of congress.
The SPEAKER. The Senate has also sent
to the House a resolution, which will be read
by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows :
In the Senate of the United States,
May 18,1872.
Resolved, That the llouse of Representatives are
requested to return to the Senate the resolution of
the Senate of the 26th of January last in relation to
the adjournment of Congress.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a point of order
on this message; and I want to say that I do it
without meaning any disrespect to the Senate.
My point of .order is that it is not a privileged
matter.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield,] in relation to the request of
the Senate for the x-eturn of the bill in rela-
tion to land titles in the State of Iowa, asked
the Chair if it would be returned as a matter
of course. The Chair replied that it would ;
and for this reason : the bill is still within the
time when it is competent for the Senate to
reconsider its action upon it. Therefore the
House would be estopped from taking any
action on the bill, because by the rules com-
mon to the two Houses the Senate has it with-
in its power to reconsider its action on the bill.
In regard to the resolution in relation to
adjournment the Chair cannot rule that it is a
question of privilege; it is one for the major-
ity ofthe House to determine. When the reso-
lution shall be reached upon the Speaker's
table it will be for the majority of the House to
act upon it. _ The Chair, therefore, could not
hold that it is a question of privilege, because
the time for reconsideration by the Senate has
gone by for s.everal months.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that it
be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The SPEAKER. Objection having been
made to its consideration at this time, it is not
now before the House. The Chair always feels
bound,_ immediately upon the reception of a
resolution of this kind, or as soon thereafter
as he can do so without, too great interruption
of the business of the House, to lay it before
the House as a matter of courtesy between the
two branches of Congress. The point of order
being raised upon it, the resolution will remain
upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. RANDALL. It is duo to the House,
and also to the Senate, that I should say that
I make my point of order without any lack
