THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
early in 1862, before the destruction of the
property and during the remainder of the war,
Williamsburg, the site of the college, was
occupied by the United States forces. It
was within the lines of the United States
armies, and to that extent we were bound by
the ordinary rules of war and by the law of
nations to protect the rights of the citizens
and preserve their property, so far as was
compatible with the exigencies and necessi-
ties of the service, but at the same time it
was part of Virginia, a State in active armed
rebellion against the power and authority of
the United States, and was only held in sub-
jection to the authority of the Federal Govern-
ment by armed force. The whole peninsula,
so far as we held it, was conquered territory,
and all the rights Of war with regard to things
belonging to the enemy obtained. The rights
of war can be summed up in the clemency of
power upon petitions of the weak. Whatso-
ever it grants is the law, and whatsoever it
refuses is no less the law, and the only redress
to sufferers from an improper exercise of such
power is to be found in the intangible punish-
ment, as stated by perhaps our ablest com-
mentator, " the indignant resentment, the
general scorn and detestation of the world."
All the territory, comprising cities, towns,
and villages, as well as the houses, lands, and
other real property of a conquered territory,
are comprised within the term conquest, while
everything movable taken from the enemy
comes under the denomination of booty. This
may appear a stern definition of the rights of
belligerents, but war is altogether rigorous and
cruel, and *vhat an enemy may or may not do,
despite all the theories of writers, depends
upon what the commanding general conceives
to be useful in defeating his adversary.
As a general principle, one nation at war
•with another has a right to take and convert
to its own use any and all property, of what-
ever character or kind, belonging to the en-
emy, and notwithstanding the mitigation of the
rigors of warfare by modern civilization, this
rule is asserted by all nations whenever it is
believed such seizure will cripple the enemy
or reduce his resources.
A signal example ol this kind can be found
in the early history of the rebellion, when the
confederate Government seized upon the cred-
its of the northern merchants to their own peo-
ple, and confiscated them to the useof the rebel
cause. Nothing could have been or ought
to have been more sacred to the men of the
South than the trust reposed in their honor
and honesty by the merchants of the North;
but, as in the ancient law, "victory made the
sacred things of the Syracusans profane,"
and so giveu victory to the South, this spolia-
tion would have been ratified by the laws of
war, subject only to the " indignant resent-
ment" spoken of by the commentator. But,
sir, while this is the law, the modern usages
of civilized warfare have so far mitigated its
rigors and cruelties as to replace or return
certain kinds of property upon the restora-
tion of peace, if not during the continuance
of actual hostilities; and this usage has been
so acquiesced in by all civilized nations as to
have now the force of absolute law. Under this
exception to the general rule, all works of
art, temples of religion, public edifices devoted
to civil purposes only, and repositories of
science, are exempted from general operations
of warfare; and so long as their destruction is
not absolutely necessary to the prosecution of
warfare, it is the duty of the army occupying
the enemy's country to protect and preserve
them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would ask the
gentleman whether if this property had been
necessarily destroyed by the Army he would
theo.be in favor of this bill?
Mr. PERCE. I would not. There can be
no advantage gained by destroying, injuring,
or defacing them; they cannot advance or
retard the course of war; they belong to man-
kind in the common brotherhood of civiliza-
tion, and a blow falling on them injures the
common interests of the whole species. It is
under this "common usage of civilized war-
fare" that the a-uthorities of the College of
William and Mary appeal to the generosity of
the nation. I have made this short statement
of the laws of war because I believe it neces-
sary to the consideration of the case.
The destruction of the college buildings can
be stated in very few words. EarlyinMay, 1861,
the existence of war caused the college author-
ities to close the institution. In May of 1862
the buildings were taken possession of by the
United States authorities and used for bar-
racks, depots for supplies, hospital and other
purposes; but in September of that year the
main college building,, although held by our
forces, was not actually occupied, save by a
court-martial then in session at Williamsburg.
At this time Williamsburg was held by a de-
tachment of the fifth Pennsylvania cavalry.
In an engagement between this lorce and a
body of confederate cavalry under command
of General Shingler the Federal troops were
driven from the city and the place was held
by the rebel troops for several hours. _ On the
return of the Pennsylvania cavalry, disorgan-
ized and demoralized by defeat and retreat, a
small body of stragglers from the main body
fired the college building, and it was entirely
consumed. The proof is positive and distinct
that this was done without authority.
One of the witnesses deposes that she went
to Colonel Smith, the officer in command, and
told him that she had heard a rumor that the
town was to be fired. Colonel Smith replied
that "no such orders had been or would be
given." It seems this witness remained at or
near the headquarters for a short time after
the college building burst into flames. She
said to the colonel, "See, sir, the destruction
has begun," when he replied that "he saw it,
but had no appliances to stop theprogressofthe
flames." He stated at the same time, posi-
tively, that no orders had heen given to burn
the college, but that it was done by drunken
soldiers whom he could not control. Other
witnesses depose to the fact that the college
yards were filled with drunken, boisterous, and
insubordinate soldiers at, before, and during
the conflagration, and it is asserted by some
that soldiers with drawn sabers prevented any
attempt to extinguish the fire. This latter
statement, however, was not substantiated by
positive testimony. Enough, however, is shown
to establish the fact as stated by General Meade,
"that the destruction of the buildings of Wil-
liam and Mary college by our troops was not
only unnecessary and unauthorized, but one
of those deplorable acts of useless destruction
which occur in all wars.''
In ascertaining the amount of the damages
the committee took as a basis the character of
the buildings, furniture, library, instruments,
philosophical and otherapparatus, as reported
by the president to the faculty in February,
1860, within a few months after the rebuild-
ing of the college. Undoubtedly the college
library, apparatus, and furniture had been in-
creased during the following years. The com-
mittee then sent to Williamsburg for testimony
of exports as to the value of the property de-
stroyed, and upon this point we have the tes-
timony of seven master builders and mechanics
who were acquainted with the buildings, who
swear that they have been in business at Wil-
liamsburg and vicinity for years, have made and
executed large building contracts, and whose
competency and experience are further certi-
fied to by the present mayor of Williamsburg,
Hon. William R. Douglass, as possessing skill
in their respective trades, and as men whose
opinions touching matters appertaining to their
trades may be regarded as entirely sound and
reliable. They testify '' that in the first part of
1862 the main college building was in first-rate
condition, having just been rebuilt and thor-
oughly furnished," p,iid it would cpst, to erect
such a building, $60,000. They estimate the
value of damages to other buildings at the same
amount or in excess of the amounts reported
by the committee, making a total of $85,500.
The sworn evidence of President Benjamin S.
Ewell, under whose direction the collegebuild-
ing was rebuilt in 1859 and 1860, and who a!6o
directed and superintended the erection of the
building now occupied by the College of Wil-
liam and Mary, was also taken upon this point.
I have their affidavits, as well as a rough
sketch of the plan of the grounds and build-
ings, which members may examine it' they de-
sire, and I believe they will satisfy any mem-
ber that the amount reported by the commit-
tee is entirely within the amount of damage
caused by the destruction of the property.
I do not desire to say anything further re-
garding the destruction and damage of the
William and Mary college. The value of the
buildings destroyed exceeded the amount re-
ported by the committee, but the authorities
of that college, by donations from the cities
of the North, have received considerable sums
of money, and with the appropriation contem-
plated by the bill this venerable institution
will be placed upon nearly the same footing,
and enabled to exercise as much influence for
good as it undoubtedly did previous to the
lamentable secession atid rebellion of the State
wherein it is situated. I know there may be
other institutions of learning having the same
claim upon the Government as that of William
and Mary, but I also know there are none
having claims of so large an amount.
The rebellion has demonstrated one remark-
able fact, that even in civil warfare republican
institutions have mitigated the cruelties of con-
flict to such an extent that the generals of the
defeated and utterly lost cause admit that in
no war among the civilized nations of modern
times, equal in extent and magnitude, has
there been so little willful or malicious destruc-
tion of private property as there was during
the war of the rebellion of the southern States.
I desire to quote in this connection the re-
marks of President Benjamin S. Ewell, of
William and Mary college, who, as the adju-
tant general of the rebel general, Joseph E.
Johnston, must know whereof he affirms. He
"But notwithstanding this and other outrages,
greatly to be deplored, I can testify, as an eye-wit-
ness of many of the events of the war, as well in the
West as in the East, that no war, of equal magnitude
and duration, was ever waged in which the outrages
were fewer ; and in this I am sustained by several
of the most prominent leaders of the southern ar-
mies, and among them Senera.1 Joseph E.Johnston.
That this should have been so, though engaged in
a fierce civil war, is to the infinite honor of the
American people."
A statement honorable to the man uttering
the sentiment, and more than honorable to
the nation which, in the prosecution of a war-
fare for the preservation of its life, could ex-
tort from its chiefest enemy an admission of
the fact.
In reporting this bill the committee do not
desire to establish a precedent for the pay-
ment of claims against the Government for
damages caused in the necessary prosecution
of the war of the rebellion of the southern
States. We do not desire to open the door to
claims against the Government for damages
of property caused by our troops in their
course of victory. We do it simply because,
in the progress of the war, an institution of
learning was unnecessarily destroyed.
I can defend before any tribunal on earth
the broad swath cut by the army of the
West in its " march to the seait was neces-
sary to victory, necessary to the preservation
of the Union, and justifiable by ail the laws
of warfare known to mankind from the ear-
liest records of history to the present hour;
but the destruction of the College of William
and Mary forms an entirely exceptional case.
It was not necessary to secure victory; it
was not necessary to prevent defeat. Seized
upon by our troops as a convenient receptacle
