2?32
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
Mr. MORTON. I wish to understand the
Senator. I iike the spirit of his remarks very
much; but I wish to inquire, was there any
other disfranchisement imposed by the recon-
struction acts, so far as voting in the process
of reconstruction was concerned, than that of
the fourteenth amendment, or embracing those
who were embraced by the fourteenth amend-
ment?
Mr. ALCORN. No; but the fourteenth
amendment did not disfranchise anybody from
voting.
Mr. MORTON. No, that did not, but the
reconstruction acts did—those who were em-
braced in it.
Mr. ALCORN. In that particular election,
but jio further, wherein the question of the
fundamental law of the State was submitted to
the people, enacted by the people, framed by
the people, that class of people who by the
fourteenth amendment were inhibited from
holding office, were not entitled to vote. Now,
I say this placed the southern property-holder
in a helpless minority. It placed the white
people in the minority. It placed them in the
minority at a time when the colored man re-
membered the legislation that the southern
man had inflicted upon him in the hour of his
passion in the Legislatures of 1865. It was a
fearful ordeal to which we were subjected.
But, sir, I say that then the colored man, as
he has ever proved himself to be, showed him-
self not as some imagined he would show
himself, the enemy of the southern people,
the enemy of his old master, but his friend ;
and, as Mr. Douglass said the other day in New
Orleans, when we cried out, "Save us Pom-
pey or we perish," Pompey came. Without
property, with a i^memb ranee of the legisla-
tion, as I said before,' that had emanated from
the passion of the southern people fresh upon
his mind, he came to our rescue. He is our
friend to-day, and we are friends. . The col-
ored people and the old slaveholders of the
South are bound together to-day, not by the
ties of master and slave, not by the power of
master and slave, but the ties that bind them
are from a common suffering and common
trials, for that suffering which the white peo-
ple of the South have felt is a suffering that
has been shared by the colored people.
Left with his freedom, given his freedom, in
his nakedness and his rags the colored man was
told. "You have your equality before the law,"
an equality implying the fact that his labor was
his own, that he had a right to go to work, and
with his muscle ant^ his 'sweat earn for him-
self a living in the land. But the Government
saw proper to impose upon the production of
the southern people, colored and not colored,
a tax which ground the colored man and the
white man both together into the dust—a cot-
ton tax—in what I conceive to be, and at the
time conceived to be, and so protested, a vio-
lation of the fundamental principle of this
Government. A production of the South, the
only production of the colored people in the
South, was selected for taxation, and a tax
placed upon it that ground the white people
and the colored people together in the dust.
Mr. CONKLING. Will it incommode the
Senator if 1 ask him to yield to me for a
moment?
Mr. ALCORN. No, sir; not at all.
Mr. CONKLING. A few moments ago
the Senator alluded to me, and ascribed to me
a remark discourteous in its character. He said
that according to his memory I had referred
to the mercy—or magnanimity may have been
his word—of the Government, and had referred
to persons present, thereby meaning, if I appre-
hend him, members of this body as being evi-
dences of the mercy ot the Goverepient. I
inquired of him, and he fixed the occasion to
which he referred as being on the introduction
of the amendment offered by the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts to -the political
disability bill in December last. I have before
me the record of the proceedings of that day.
I have taken the trouble to scan it, and I find
that the Senator is totally mistaken in imput-
ing to me any remark in reference to those who
were present, in reference to members of this
body. The nearest approach to anything such
as he supposes which 1 have been able to find,
or which has fallen under the eye of a friend
who has also run oyer the debate, is to be found
in the words which I will read to the Senator:
"I make this remark. Mr. President, to appeal to
the friends of amnesty not to lose sightof other
things which may be important in this bill, either
to gain time to-day or to accelerate the speed with
which an act of crowning grace is to go out to men
•who to-day are walking monuments of the mercy
and the magnanimity of the American people."
I can find nothing except that to which the
Senator could possibly refer as having been
uttered by me in that debate. I need not say
to him or to the Senate that these words are
not the words which he mentioned, nor do
they in any way allude, as it would have been
discourteous to allude, to any member of this
body as one of the evidences, as the Senator
said, of the mercy and magnanimity of the
American people. I referred, of course, to the
general fact that at the end, and some time
after the end of a great rebellion no man had
been punished for participation in it, and that
the whole people of the South, in so far as
they participated in the rebellion, were living
monuments of the abstinence and magnanim-
ity of the American people, living monuments
of the fact that the same punishment, the same
vengeance, if the Senator would so deem it,
which history records in other cases as having
been visited upon those engaged in like or
lesser acts had never been inflicted upon them.
It cannot be that the Senator from Missis-
sippi from this did understand, if he heard
me aright, or would now understand, that I
intended any such reference as he supposed,
which I think would have been discourteous
in its character.
Mr. ALCORN. I certainly did not intend
to misrepresent the Senator from New York.
I did understand him as I expressed myself,
and I would have gone forward before and
said to him, if he had permitted me to say so,
that I did accept his explanation and was will-
ing to state that I was mistaken ; but he stated
that it was a matter without importance, and
therefore I did not think proper to follow the
question any further. 1 now see how I may
have mistaken, and undoubtedly did mistake
the tneaning (for I did not state that he
alluded directly to members of this body) of
the phrase, " walking monuments "—monu-
ments," as I understood him, " present," but
but that word is left out. I therefore take
great pleasure in correcting myself before the
Senate and withdrawing anything that may be
calculated to reflect upon the Senator. I trust,
if I shall gain no other reputation while I am
here, I shall gain one for courtesy. I shall at
all times, however, be found ready to resent a
discourtesy to myself. But enough on that
point.
I was going on to show that at the time I
mentioned the southern people were left at the
mercy of the colored people. The Senator
from New York says in the remarks that he
quoted awhile ago, and in the statement he
made upon those remarks, that these people
had gone without punishment. I would at-
tempt to show that the southern people have
suffered a punishment, and atenible punish-
ment on account of their rebellion against
this Government, a punishment that ought to
satisfy this nation, however much it may have
desired that each and every man in the South
should feel that punishment. In money they
lost $2,000,000,000 in their slaves. They lost
$1,000,000,000 in their personal property.
They lost their sons. They lost their most
valued citizens. They lost the cause for which
they had struggled. They lost all that they had
to stake upon the result, save the lives of those
who remain. Have they not been punished?
Do they feel their punishment? The woman
who was raised in affluence and wealth, and
whose daughters had grown up in the idea that
they should have wealth to support and main-
tain them in the position they had been taught
they should occupy in society, is to-day with-
out the means of giving them an education.
In their poverty to-day they drag their lonely
way. They are living evidences of the punish-
ment that has been brought upon the southern
people by reason of the revolution. Oh, Mr.
President, we feel it. There is no heart in
the South that has not felt that punishment
which we have all endured on account of that
mistake, not made by the people of the South,
but made by the politicians of the country,
into which the people were dragged and made
to go forward.
And now that there is a way open for some
of them to recover, if you please, their prop-
erty, what I protest against is that you shall
not open the door and ask them to come strip-
ping themselves of their manliness and their
honor. When these people who lived in the
South and remained in the South during the
war come here and declare that they were not
sympathizers with the rebeilion, and that they
gave no aid or comfort to the enemy, there is,
prima facie, fraud and corruption stamped
upon their brows, in my judgment. They
were all rebels. It was a war of sections;
and the southern people believed, their poli-
ticians taught them to believe, that their slave
property wa3 iu danger, and they felt that they
had the right to protect their property, and
they made the war in defense of that property.
Right or wrong, whether it was necessary or
unnecessary, they made their war nevertheless
in defense of their property, and they were all
rebels, because they felt that they had a right
to protect that property, and all engaged in the
assertion of their right to protect that prop-
erty. If they had succeeded they would have
been patriots; but as they did not succeed
they were rebels. There is but one step from
the sublime to the ridiculous; one step from
the patriot to the traitor. It all depends upon
success.
Now, sir, the object of my amendment is
this: when Congress gave the right to bring
a suit in the Court of Claims they provided
■ that the suit should be brought within two
years. The condition-precedent cited by the
honorable Senator from Illinois was stated in
the petition. The condition-precedent, set out
that the petitioner should declare himself to
have been loyal and should prove the fact.
That condition is applied to the man whose
property was taken after t.he war had ceased,
after the proclamation of the President that
the war had ceased, when he was under the
protection of the civil power of this nation,
under the protection of its laws and its Con-
stitution, the war having ceased. The law pro-
vided that he should not bring suit for his
property or for any property taken unless he
could make oath to the fact and prove the
fact of his loyalty. It was a demand that
should not have been made of the nun who
lived in the South after the revolution had
ended. It was a demand that should not have
been made of the citizen there whose property
was taken after the war had ceased. It, was in
obedience to the force used that the citizen
gave np his property, and when lie appealed
to the Government, when he was about to assert
his claim., he found that the first thing he had
to do was to declare that he was loyal.
I contend that it is not the purpose of this
Government (for if it had been the fixed and
settled policy of the Government to go forward
I would not have said a word) to demand from
the citizen from whom the property was taken
after the jvar had ceased an oath that he was
loyal. He was under the protection of ihe law
at the time, and there were no conditions to
be exacted of him at that time. I wish you to
make an exception for him. He could not
take the oath and the two years expired. The
two years expired before he had a knowledge
