1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2783
of the fact that the Supreme Court would rule
as it has ruled with regard to his rights. He
became pardoned within that period. He had
all the rights of a citizen. He had been stripped
of his property, let me repeat again, after the
war ended, and he was denied a remedy against
the Government because he could not take an
oath that he had been loyal.
The revolution had nothing to do wi'lh thai;
the revolution had ended. The Government
can justify itself; for as there is no tribunal
before which it can be tried except that tri-
bunal of the people which supports and main-
tains it, it can without question go forward
with any policy it may choose With regard
to those Who were in rebellion and under the
ax of the Government while the rebellion Was
going forward ; and if the President had not
proclaimed the war at an end for twelve mouths
after the time he did so proclaim, still they
would have had no rights. They had lost
everything. But when the Government had
proclaimed the War at an end, and the citizens
of this nation, including the southern people,
were under the protection of the civil law,
then I say for the Government to go forward
by its officers and agents and seize by force
the property of the southern people, and con-
vert that property into money, and plaCB that
money into the Treasury and withhold it from
the citizens, there can be no justification.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him one question?
Mr. ALCORN. With great pleasure.
Mr. HOWE. If such seizures have been
made and such dispositions of property, as
long as the sufferers from that conduct are
permitted to come to Coqgress and ask com-
pensation have they not every right secured
to like sufferers in every other part of the
countty ? In other words, does not the Sen-
ator's amendment open to this class of sufferers
a jurisdiction which the same kind of sufferers
from other portions of the country are denied?
1 understand that for torts like those spoketi
of in his amendment a citizen of Massachu-
setts or New York cannot sue in the Court of
Claims.
Mr. ALCORN. The Court of Claims was
one established, as I understand it, to meet
the exigencies of the war. Its practical appli
cation was to that portion of the country to
which the war extended. While it is open to
all persons, nevertheless its practical workings
are in the southern States.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator will allow me,
I do not propose to take any part in the argu-
ment of this question, but I understand the
Court of Claims to be created for a very differ-
ent purpose. It was created as a tribunal in
which any citizen could commence suit against
the Government, if I remember aright, upon
three classes of claims : a claim resting upon
an act of Congress, a claim resting upon an
act of an executive department; a claim aris-
ing out of an express contract of the Govetu-
ment, and upon no other claims whatever.
Subsequently  
Mr. SHERMAN. The Court of Claims was
established long before the war.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, the Court of Claims
was created before the war ; but an additional
number of judges was provided for after the
war commenced and the jurisdiction of the
court was changed. Subsequently, an act was
passed touching the disposition of captured
and abandoned property, and there was a new
and special jurisdiction given to the Court of
Claims to hear the petitions of persons who
claimed to be the owners of any such prop-
erty who should establish the fact of their
loyalty.
Mr. ALCORN. It is to that subject of
legislation and to that branch of the jurisdic-
tion of the coux-t that I am now addressing
myself.
Mr, HOWE. I was under the impression
that the Senator's amendment had a broader
scope than he intended to give it himselfi
Mr. ALCORN. It certainly makes a dis-
tinction between persons, but my amendment
could apply to no other people than those
of the South, for there were no seizures else-
where.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me, the Court of Claims was established as
early as the 24th of February, 1855, six years
before the war. The jurisdiction is now as it
was then, although the number of the judges
has been incteased, except that different sub-
jects since that time have been referred to
them. I will read the beginning of the first
section of the act organizing the court:
" That a court shall be established to be called a
Court of Claims, to consist of three judges, to be
appointed by the President, by and with the advice
and conscnt of the Senate, and to hold their offices
during good behavior: and the said courtshall hear
and determine all claims founded upon any law of
Congress, or upon any regulation of an executive
department, or upon any contracts, express or im-
plied, with the Government of the United States."
That is the general jurisdiction of the court.
Mr. ALCORN. Then their jurisdiction was
extended to captured and abandoned property,
Mr. SHERMAN. That was in 1863 ; but the
act of 1863 expressly limited it to loyal per-
sons suing for property taken by the military
authorities from 1863 until two years after the
close of the war.
Mr. ALCORN. And now I propose in this
amendment that the jurisdiction of the Court
of Claims shall extend to all the people upon
the hypothesis that all were loyal after the war
had been declared to have ceased, and that no
test-oath shall be demanded of any citizen who
brings a claim for property taken after the war
had ceased. In the Courtof Claimsnow, under
the law as it exists, a citizen who may have
had unsettled accounts with the Government
of the United States anterior to the period of
the war cannot come forward and make that
claim against the Government without taking
the oath that he was a loyal citizen. The
jurisdiction of the Court of Claims was ex-
tended to captured and abandoned property
while the war was going on, and for the pro-
tection of the Government it was right and
proper that the Government should place a
condition that it should apply to none other
than loyal people, and the Government did
hedge it around.
Mr. MORTON, I desire to ask the Sen-
ator the question whether the act of 1863 was
not made with special reference to the condi-
tion of war, and whether it can be considered
applicable to a seizure made after the war
had formally ceased by the proclamation of
the President; whether a seizure of property
made after that time would not be placed upon
the general footing of torts committed by the
Government against an individual, for which
he would have a right to bring suit without
any reference whatever to the question of
loyalty ? It seems to me that a seizure such as
is contemplated by the Senator's amendment,
(because the amendment is right in itself.)
after the war had ceasod and had been pro-
claimed at an end by the Government of the
United States, would not be at all embraced
in the act of 1863, and a party would have a
right to bring his action in the Court of Claims
without reference to that act at all.
Mr. HOWE. No, he would not.
Mr. MORTON. It seems to me so.
Mr. ALCORN. Mr. President, the argu-
ment of the Senator from Indiana is precisely
the one that I have sought to enforce here,
that the act of 1863 was made as an act suited
to the condition of the country at the time
when made, applicable to the state of war.
But, remember now, unfortunately for the peo-
ple of the South, the act which was passed
subsequently to that time enlarging the juris-
diction of the Court of Claims still contained
the provision that suit should not be brought
for any property, no odds how taken or when
taken, unless the claimant could make oath of
his loyalty. If to-day the Government of
the United States was to seize my property,
through its officers or its agents, I am cut off
from a remedy in the Court of Claims by the
legislation of 1868, following up and enlarg-
ing the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims.
Now, what I seek to do is to provide that the
remedy shall lie to the people of this nation,
without regard to the condition in which they
were placed by the war, for property taken at
all times subsequent to the declaration of the
peace or after the war ceased.
Mr. HOWE. I Wish to suggest this pbint
to the honorable Senator from Mississippi. I
do not understand that he is cut off from any-
thing by the act of 1868. I understand that
if his property or mine is taken in the way he
speaks of, we are denied, each of us, all access
to the Court of Claims, not, because We can-
not swear that we have been loyal and prove it,
too, butbecauee the Court of Claims never was
intrusted with a jurisdiction of that kind. If
our claims arise on a statute of the United
States, an act of an executive department, or
out of a contract, we can sue if we are lojfol.
If it arises from neither of these sources, but
is for property captured or abandoned, and
disposed of under the act of 1863, and the
proceeds are iu the Treasury, we can sufe for
those proceeds if we are loyal; but unless it
falls within those categories, we cannot go to
the Court of Claims, either of us.
Mr. ALCORN. Under the amendment that
I have proposed, in order to justify recovery,
the claimant would first be compelled to show
that that property was seized by the officers or
agents of the Government of the United
States. He would then have to show that by
authority of the Government this property was
taken possession of; that it was not a seizure
constructively by the Government, but that
under the authority of the War Department or
some other executive department of the United
States, the officers of the Govertiment seiaed
the property, the agent sent out by the Gov-
ernment took the property, that the property
was converted into money, and that the money
was placed to the credit of the Government.
Not until then does it come under all the con-
ditions of my amendment. I repeat, my
amendment seeks to give the remedy, without
the oath in the Court of Claims, to the south-
ern people that is given to other people in this
nation, and you may put it just ih"any language
that you choose. Give us the remedies proper
to the southern people, proper to the people
whose property was thus seized.
Mr. 1I0WE. Now my point is, if I can
make myself under'Stood, that the southern
people have to-day precisely the same remedies
for such injuries as are described in this amend-
ment that the northern people have.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no difference.
Mr. ALCORN. How can they have tliat
remedy when you provide here the first thing
that they shall take the oath ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The answer is that in a
class of cases described in the amendment a
northern man has no such remedy. No suit
can be brought in the Court of Claims except
upon a contract express or implied. In the
case of a tort or a trespass, the Court of Claims
cannot have any jurisdiction. The jurisdic-
tion over cases of captured and abandoned
property was conferred on that court by the
act of 1863, which is before me. By the ex-
tension of the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims now since the close of the war every
southern man has precisely the satne right to
appeal to the Court of Claims that any north-
ern man has. This jurisdiction conferred in
regard to captured atid abandoned property,
without exception during the war, grew out
of the state of war, and it was done for the
benefit of the loyal people in the South, to
give them the exceptional relnedy of suing in
the Court of Claims for their property captured
and abandoned.
Mr. ALCORN. I ask.the Senatoi- from
Ohio, as a lawyer, whether an actioii Of assump-
sit would lie against an individual who would
