1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
and thirty-two cents on chewing tobacco may
be continued ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of A. G.
Peabody, jr., late second lieutenant of com-
pany B, fifty-first regiment Wisconsin volun-
teer infantry, praying payment for services ren-
dered the United States; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and accompanying
papers in the case of D. B. Allen & Co. be
taken from the flies of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the ease
of Elbridge Gerry, now on file in the office of the
Secretary of the Senate, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Ordered, That J. B. W. Haynes have leave to with-
draw from the files of the Senate his petition and
papers.
On motion of Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, it
was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Isaac W.
Ingersoll and Joseph Granger be withdrawn from
the files of the Senate and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
On motion of Mr. BUCKINGHAM, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Grace
B. Peck be withdrawn from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. THURMAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of L. E. C.
Johnson be taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. FENTON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Addison C. Fletcher,
with the accompanying papers, be taken from the
files of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont,
it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Claims be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the claim
of Joquina Sierra, and that the petitioner have
leave to withdraw her papers.
On motion of Mr. COOPER, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the ease of John W.
Smith be withdrawn from the files of the Senate and
reterred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. COOPER, it was
Ordered, That the papers now on file in the ease
of John Templeton be withdrawn from the files of
the Senate and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That "William L. Kelson, chaplain United
States Navy, have leave to withdraw his petition
from the files of the Senate.
CURRENCY REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
additional copies of the report of the Comp-
troller of the Currency for the use of the Comp-
troller, have instructed me to report it back
with an amendment, in the nature of a substi-
tute, and to recommend its passage. I ask for
its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
The amendment of the Committee on Print
ing was to strike out all of the original reso-
lution after the word "resolved," and to
insert in lieu thereof the following :
By the Senaf.c, (the House of Representatives con-
curring,) That there be printed for the use of the
Comptroller of the Currency two thousand copies of
his last annual report.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
PRINTING OF PRESIDENTS MUSSAGE.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred a res-
olution to print additional copies of the Pres-
ident's message, to report it back with an
amendment, and I ask for its present con-
sideration.
There being no objection, tlrfe Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That two thousand copies of the Presi-
dent's message and accompanying documents be
printed for the use of the Senate.
The amendment of the Committee on Print-
ing was to strike out the words "and accom-
panying documents."
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I am instructed by the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 380) for the removal of legal and
political disabilities imposed by the third sec-
tion of the fourteenth article of amendment to
the Constitution of the United States, to report
it back without amendment and recommend
its passage. I ask for its present considera-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read at length, after which the Chair will ask
for objections to its consideration, if there be
any.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill,
but was interrupted by
Mr. SUMNER. I object to that bill being
proceeded with now, until we get through with
the morning business. Then I shall make no
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The objection is
in time. The Secretary will suspend the read-
ing of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. There issomemorningbusi-
ness which I know Senators wish to attend to.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The introduc-
tion of bills and joint resolutions is next in
order.
INTERNAL TAXATION.
Mr. SUMNER. In pursuance of the notice
I gave at the last meeting of the Senate, I now
ask leave to introduce a bill with the follow-
ing title: "A bill to reduce internal taxes and
to abolish the office of Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue ; " and I will make a brief expla-
nation of it.
This bill gives expression to a prevailing
sentiment for a reduction of taxation, and at
the same time provides that with the reduc-
tion of taxation there shall be a correspond-
ing reduction of expensive machinery. The
first section is very brief, as follows:
That all internal taxes and duties, except from the
sale and use of stamps, shall be abolished on and
after the 1st day of July next, and the stamp duty on
spirits shall bo increased t>> eighty cents a gallon on
and after that date: Provided, That no income tax
shall be assessed on or after the 1st day of January,
1872, but assessments made before such date shall be
collected.
By reducing our whole internal system to
duties on stamps, the Senate will at once seethe
process of simplification. It is by stamps that
we tax tobacco, malt liquors, and spirits; but
in addition to a stamp tax of fifty cents a gallon
on spirits, there are now four other taxes:
first, a barrel tax amounting to ten cents;
second, a tax on the wholesale dealer of one
per cent, on his sales ; third, a tax on the retail
dealer of one per cent.; and fourth, what is
called a capacity lax. I propose that all those
taxes shall be abolished, but as a substitute for
those taxes, I add thirty cents to the fifty cents
a gallon, which is already paid by stamps, so
that the duty on spirits shall be eighty cents a
gallon.
Then I have a further provision applicable
to the income tax so as to remove all possi-
bility of doubt on that question, as follows:
That no income tax shall be assessed—
that is the word I employ—
on or after the 1st day of Januavy, 18T2: but assess-
ments made before such date shall be collected.
That is the main object of the bill.
The next section provides:
That the offices of Commissioner, deputy commis-
sioner, solicitor, collector and deputy collector, as-
sessor and assistant assessor, supervisor, and detect-
ive, heads of division, ond clerks, and employes
under the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall
cease on and after the 1st day of September next,
and instead thereof there shall be one collector for
each State and Territory appointed and qualified
according to existing law, who shall administer such
law in the sale of stamps and the collection of reve-
nue therefrom: and all the powers and duties now
belonging to collectors or other officers in the enforce-
ment of such law are devolved upon such collector.
It will be observed, Mr. President, that while
I propose to abolish the taxes, with the excep-
tion of the income tax, on and after July 1,1
do not propose to abolish the office until Sep-
tember 1. It will then be ten years since the
office of Commissioner of Internal Revenue
was first organized by Mr. Boutwell, and it
seems to me proper that an office which in its
day has done good service for ten years, and
which was first set in motion by Mr. Boutwell,
should be closed also by him, having performed
its duty, there being no longer any occasion
for it.
The remaining sections of the bill provide
for the transfer of clerks and other ofliceis to
the control of the Secretary of the Treasury,
so that he shall be able to wind up the busimrBS
of this bureau and to continue the business
that remains, especially relating to stamps, and
to the taxes on spirits, malt liquors, and
tobacco.
I ask to have the bill referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and I will say to my friend,
the chairman of that committee, that in intro-
ducing this bill I simply make my contribution
to an important question, not presuming to
suppose that I may have anticipated all that
ought to be done in the premises, but simply
marking out what seems to myself, and to some
others with whom I have had the good fortune
of conferring, an outline of what is desired. I
do not doubt that the committee  
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to suggest to my
friend from Massachusetts one difficulty that
occurred to me when he gave notice of the
introduction of this bill. What use is there in
introducing a bill of this character in the Sen-
ate of the United States? Bills to raise reve-
nue must originate in the House of Represent-
atives. It would be proper enough tointroduce
bills, or amendments in the nature of bills, on
the subject of the tariff, because we have before
us several bills from the House of Represent-
atives on the subject of the tariff; but we have
no bill in the Senate from the House in regard
to internal revenue. As I understand, the bill
of the honorable Senator proposes to increase
the tax on whisky from fifty to eighty cents
a gallon. By what authority can the Senate
originate such a bill as that?
Mr. SUMNER. By the precedents of the
body.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have the power to
repeal taxes, I think.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator sees that it
may be moved as an amendment to the pend-
ing tariff bills.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; it would not be per-
tinent.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don; I think it would be. I am not disposed,
myself, to amplify the jurisdiction of the Sen-
ate as against the House of Representatives—-
on other occasions I have vindicated the
jurisdiction of the House of Representatives—
but I think the precedents will show that from
time immemorial the Senate has acted on
questions like that which I now bring before it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Constitution is verv
plain that all bills for raising revenue shall
originate in. the House of Representatives,
but the Senate may propose amendments. It
is very proper that the subject matter should
be suggested to the Committee on Finance, and
I may say that the subject has been pretty well
considered already, but we shall be very glad
to have assistance from any member of the
Senate. We have, however, no bill before
us upon which we can properly propose amend-
ments raising internal revenue taxes.
Mr. SUMNER. Then the practical question
would be whether the Senate, to this extent,
