1838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
Mr. BIRD. If there are no parents or
guardians, of course the law would present no
obstruction.
Mr. CON GBR. I wish the gentleman would
omit the words "in writing."
Mr. BIRD. I think that is a very essential
part of it.
Mr. CONGER. We are providing in this
bill for ship commissioners whose duty it will
be to protect these boys and take care of them
in the making of apprenticeships. They are
especially created for that purpose, and will
guard the interests of the "
civil service reform.
The SPEAKER. The hour of two o'clock
having arrived, it is the duty of the Chair to
remind the House that four weeks ago an order
■was made that the bill (H. R. No. 787) to pre-
serve the independence of the several depart-
ments of the Government should be the spe-
cial oyder for to-day at two o'clock, and for to-
morrow, to the exclusion of all other orders.
Mr. WILLARD. At the time that order
was made it was supposed that the advisory
board upon civil service reform would make
their additional report, and that it would be
before Congress by this time; but that report
has not yet been made. By direction of the
committee from which this bill was reported,
I ask that the further consideration of this
bill be postponed for four weeks from to-day,
and that ihe same order be made in regard to
its consideration at that time.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
shipping commissioners.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill to authorize the appointment of shipping
commissioners by the several circuit courts of
the United States, to superintend the shipping
and discharge of seamen engaged in merchant
ships belonging to the United States, and for
the further protection of seamen.
Mr. CONGER. The question, I believe, is
now upon the amendment of the gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Bird] in regard to the
consent of parents or guardians to appren-
ticing theie boys. I ask him to modify bis
amendment so that it will not require that
consent to be given in writing.
Mr. POTTER. I hope the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Conger] will not insist upon
that modification ot the amendment. It is
quite important, if you are to have this con-
sent at all, that it should be given in such a
way that there can be no doubt about it. Take
the case of minors enlisting in the Army ;
almost all the disputes arise in regard to thefaet
whether their parents or guardians have given
their consent. I think that we should require
the consent to be given in writing, in order to
avoid disputes.
Mr. BIRD. JVIy experience in State courts
is that difficulties frequently arise, where it
depends upon verbal testimony, as to whether
parents have given consent, and although the
oral testimony may be positive that the con-
sent was given, it has often appeared after-
ward that no such consent was given.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POTTER. One word more before we
pass from this section. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Conger] if
he does not think that twelve years of age is
too young to apprentice these boys to service?
It seems to me to be a pretty young ajfe to puta
boy in a position for life. I do not know whether
in the naval apprenticeship of the Government
boys are taken at so early an age.
Mr. CONGER. The age put in here is the
age at which boys are old enough to perform
such service as apprentices may perform. It
is also for the purpose of taking from our
large cities a class of boys and placing them
in a position where they can acquire a trade,
or profession, so to speak, before they have
become corrupted. I think the age is not too
young, and I think it is for the benefit of these
boys that they should be placed in this posi-
tion so young.
Mr. POTTER. I sympathize with and ap-
preciate, as every gentleman must, the motives
of my friend from Michigan [Mr. Conger] in
this respect, and I will trust to his feelings and
sympathy to permit me at a later stage of the
reading to move to amend in this respect, if I so
decide, and not propose any amendment now.
The eleventh section was read as follows:
That if any person shall demand or receive, either
directly or indirectly, from any seaman seeking em-
ployment as a seaman, or from any other person
seeking employment as a seaman, or from any per-
son on his behalf, any remuneration whatever other
than the fees hereby authorized for providing him
with employment, he shall, for every such offense,
incur a penalty not exceeding $100.
Mr. KERR. I want to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Conger] about a
matter of practice. I confess I do not under-
stand how these articles of apprenticeship are
drawn. I wouldlike to know who is the party
of the second part in one of these articles, who
is the adult party to the contract. Is it the
master of the ship ?
Mr. CONGER. It is.
Mr. KERR. Is the apprentice bound to a
particular ship, or to that master as a seaman?
Mr. CONGER. To the master, that there
may be personal responsibility.
Mr. KERR. Then what is intended by the
expression that these indentures shall be pro-
duced, "and the assignment or assignments
thereof, if any, and the name of such ap-
prentice, with the date of the indenture and
the assignment or assignments thereof," &c?
Is it contemplated that these articles may be
assigned by the master when he pleases and
to whom he pleases?
Mr. CONGER. Underthe present practice
in regard to apprenticeships, the master being
one party, and the apprentice, through his
parents, guardian or friends, being the other,
if the master leaves the vessel, quits the busi-
ness, or in any way is obliged to give up his
part of the contract, it is usual, by agreement
of parties, of course, so far as such things can
be, to have the apprentice assigned to some
other suitable person. The object of the pend-
ing provision is that every master carrying an
apprentice shall present the indenture by which
he claims to have the apprentice on his ship,
with the assignment to show from whom he
has obtained the apprentice, and what the
former history of the apprenticeship may have
been. It is in the interest of the boy that
these assignments are required to be pro-
duced.
Mr. KERR. I want to suggest to the gen-
tleman in this connection that there should be
added to this section an amendment in some
such words as these: provided, however, that
every such assignment shall be made with the
consent of the apprentice.
_ Mr. CONGER. Assignments are some-
times made at the request of the parents or
guardians without the consent of the appren-
tice.
Mr. KERR, Well, let it be provided that
the assignment shall be made with the consent
of the apprentice, or of bis parents or guard-
ians.
Mr. CONGER. Sometimes assignments are
made in foreign countries, where no such as-
sent can be obtained. I do not think that in
practice there is anything that has worked a
hardship to the apprentice. This clause is
framed in the interest of the apprentice and
of his parents or guardians. The object is to
keep in the shipping commissioners' office a
record of the legal condition of the appren-
tice.
Mr. KERR. But we surely cannot regulate
these things outside of our own territory.
These records must remain in our own coun-
try.
Mr. CONGER. I have 110 objection to an
i amendment which will provide in reference to
1 original assignments that they shall be sanc-
tioned by the parent or the guardian, except
that there exists at all our sea-ports a class of
bovs who have no parents and no guardians;
and it is this class that we desire to protect by
iaw- . , .
Mr. KERR. Then the apprentice himself
should consent. The amendment should pro-
vide that no assignment shall be made without
the consent of the apprentice, his parent or
guardian.
Mr. CONGER. I hope the gentleman will
not insist on that amendment. I would pre-
fer that this section should be passed over
informally, that the gentleman may have an
opportunity to reflect upon it.
Mr. KERR. Very well; I am satisfied to
let the section be passed over.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Before
we leave this section I would like to ask the
gentleman from Michigan a question. At what
age is it proposed the apprenticeship of these
boys shall terminate?
Mr. CONGER. At twenty-one. That is I
believe the provision of all the States in regard
to apprenticeships. Apprenticeships cannot
extend beyond that time.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I would
suggest that this apprenticeship should term-
inate at eighteen. That is the provision of
law in many of our States with regard to
apprenticeships.
Mr. KERR. I wish to suggest a modifi-
cation of my amendment, which 1 think the
gentleman from Michigan will accept. I pro-
pose that the amendment shall read :
Provided, however, That such assignment shall
not be made without the consent of a commissioner,
the apprentice, his parent, or guardian.
With this provision there can be no trouble.
The boy cannot make mischief.
Mr. CONGER. Let it be provided merely
that the assignment shall be approved by one
of these parties. It might be made in a for-
eign port.
Mr. KERR. That will be satisfactory to me.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I suggest
to the gentleman having .charge of this bill
to fix a limitation of the term of apprentice-
ship. When a boy is apprenticed at twelve
years of age I think his apprenticeship should
not extend beyond eighteen. A bov who has
been on board ship from the age of twelve to
that of eighteen is very often an able seaman.
To extend the apprenticeship beyond that time
would be to make him almost a slave for that
additional period. Prom eighteen to twenty-
one is the best part of his life as a sailor. A
great many youths become mates of vessels at
eighteen years of age.
Mr. CONGER. To meet the suggestion of
thegentlemen I will offer the following amend-
ment :
In line ten of section nine, after the word " pur-
pose," insert these words: "Provided, That said
apprenticeship shall terminate when the appren-
tice becomes eighteen years of ase."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill,
order 01 business.
Mr. WOOD. The morning hour has ex-
pired, and I hope we will now go to the regular
business.
Mr. CONGER. I ask the gentleman from
New York to let this bill be considered further
this morning.
Mr. WOOD. This is an important bill and
should be discussed. It is now being passed
section by section without attention or discus-
sion. I hope as the morning hour has now
expired it will go over so that members may
have an opportunity between now and to-mor-
row morning to examine it.
Mr. CONGER. I hope the House will be
disposed to consider the bill further. This is
one of the most important measures which the
Committee on Commerce will bring to the at-
tention ot the House during the session, and
it is one in which the interests of a large num-
