2734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
come and take my property in the name of
the Government of the United States, and
charged to take the property of the people of
the South?
Mr. SHERMAN. I should say not.
Mr. ALCORN. Could I sue him for prop-
erty taken in the name of the Government ?
It is an action of tort; but nevertheless you
could sue an assumpsit in the State in which I
live. You could bring an action in a suit of
assumpsit and you could recover for the prop-
erty taken. There is a contract implied be-
tween the Government of the United States
and the citizen, whenever it goes forward and
takes the property of the citizen. The Gov-
ernment is sovereign, and there is a contract
implied between the Government and the citi-
zen, whenever the Government extends the
strong hand of power to the property of the
citizen, that the Government shall pay for
that property.
Mr. SHERMAN. The language of the law
prescribing the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims is very careful to prescribe only cases
that grew out of contracts, where there was a
contract between the United States and the
individual. Now, a seizure or a tort, such as is
described in the amendment, is not a claim
growing out of a contract at all. It is a tort,
and, as a matter of course, my friend is lawyer
enough to know the broad distinction between
actions of contract and actions of tort. The
distinction is broad and well defined.
Mr. ALCORN. But I understood the Sena-
tor, when first up, to say that the jurisdiction
of the court extended to contracts express or
implied. He now, however, confines himself
to express contracts. I understand that the
Court of Claims decides upon eases and enter-
tains jurisdiction of cases every day in which
the contract is implied. The Court of Claims
has again and again passed upon claims and
allowed claims, and parties have had their
money.
Mr. MORTON. I will read the law to the
Senator, with his permission :
" That a court shall be established to be called a
Court of Claims, to consist of three judges to be ap-
pointed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, and to hold their offices
during good behavior; and the said court shall
hear and determine all claims founded upon any law
of Congress, op upon any regulation ol an executive
Department, or upon any contract, express or im-
plied, witli the Government of the United States,
which may be suggested to it by a petition filed
therein; and also all claims which may be referred
to said court by either House of Congress."
Mr. ALCORN. I ask-whether my amend-
ment is not bringing itself within the provis-
ions of the law, as it now stands, when it ex-
tends to the class of persons I have described ?
When an executive Department of the Gov-
ernment bent forward and seized the property
of an individual and converted it to its own
use, was there not a contract implied that the
Government should pay for that property?
Mr. MORTON. I suggest to the Senator in
the case he puts of the seizure of property
after the war was pronounced at an end by
the Government, and the property has been
sold, and the Government has received the
proceeds, there is an implied contract upon
which an action in the nature of assumpsit
could be maintained. If that creates an im-
plied contract such as the Senator suggests
that it does, then the claimant has his remedy
in the Court of Claims without reference to
the act of 1863. The act of 1863 would not
be applicable to the case at all, because I take
it that statute from its very terms is appli-
cable only to the cases of property captured
or abandoned in time of war. If the capture
of property after the war and the conversion
of it by the Government makes it an implied
contract in the meaning of that statute, then
the claimant has his remedy now without any
further legislation, and no question of loyalty
can arise.
Mr. ALCORN. If that be the case, then
no harts can result from the amendment that
I have offered ; but I apprehend the honorable
Senator as a lawyer would find a difficulty in
enforcing the claim of one of the rebellious
litigants of the South who would come in
stating his case to have been as I described,
when the law of Congress stares him in the
face declaring that no suit shall be brought
to recover any captured or abandoned prop-
erty, or any property that was seized by the
forces of the Government of the United States,
or its agents, against the disloyal portion of
the citizens, passed in 1868, after the war had
ceased, and giving them a period of two years
operating as a statute of limitations, after
which time it declared that all such claims
should be barred.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senator from
Mississippi to allow me to make a motion
to go into executive session. I am directed by
the Committee on Foreign Relations to present
a measure which I suppose to be of some
importance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
hoy.) Does the Senator from Mississippi yield
to the Senator from Pennsylvania for that pur-
pose ?
Mr. ALCORN. I have no disposition to
press this matter, but 1 would ask that the
amendment which I have written, if the Sen-
ate will allow, be printed. I wrote it hurriedly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like also to have
the pending amendment printed as it has been
modified.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments will be printed, no objection being inter-
posed.
Mr. ALCORN. Then I yield.
Mr. HILL. I desire to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Mississippi that in the hurry in
which he prepared this amendment it did not
occur to him that there were two proclama
tions issued by the President, and they had
reference to different territories. The first, I
think, declared the war at an end in the ter-
ritory east of the Mississippi, and the second
in the territory west of the Mississippi.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Mississippi yielded to the Senator from
Pennsylvania to move an executive session.
No debate is in order on that motion.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. COLE. I think we might go on with
this bill for half an hour longer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
The motion was agreed to; and after twenty-
eight minutes spent in executive session the
doors were reopened, and (at five o'clock and
two minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 24,1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Iiev. J. P. Newman, D. D.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
further reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
There being no objection, the further reading
of the Journal was dispensed with.
military committee.
Mr. COBURN. The Committee on Military
Affairs have been considering a large number
of bills, both public and private, and are now
ready to report; but considering the way busi-
ness is now drifting I fear we shall not have
an opportunity to report them. Two hours
will not be sufficient in which to consider the
business we have, and I therefore ask unani-
mous consent that some time be set down for
the consideration of business from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. RANDALL. I am compelled to call
for the regular order of business. There is
pending a resolution from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs demanding the release of Dr.
Houard, an American citizen, now_ unjustly
held in chains by the Spanish authorities. It
is our first duty to relieve this suffering Ameri-
can citizen from the outrages to which he ig
daily subjected.
Mr. COBURN. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs only desire that two evening ses-
sions shall be set apart for the consideration
of its business.
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw my objection
to giving the Committee on Military Affairs
evening sessions. •
The SPEAKER. What evening sessions
does the gentleman from Indiana ask for?
Mr. COBURN. Of Wednesday and Thurs-
day of next week.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Indi-
ana will excuse me if I object. I cannot tell
from the present situation of business when I
can get the House to go into committee to
consider the tariff bill.
tariff.
Mr. PRICE, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of the
tariff bill reported by the minority of the Ways and
Means Committee be printed for the use of the Sen-
ate and House.
alabama claims.
Mr. PRICE also, from the same committee,
reported back a concurrent resolution of the
Senate, with a substitute.
The Clerk read the Senate resolution, as
follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed twenty-two
thousand extra copies of the case of the United Stares
presented to the tribunal of arbitration at Geneva:
seven thousand copies of which shall be for the use
of the Senate and fifteen thousand for the use of the
House.
The Clerk then read the substitute of the
Committee on Printing, as follows :
Strike out all after the word " printed," in line two,
and insert "ten thousand five hundred extra copies
of the case of the United States presented to the tri-
bunal of arbitration at Genev a; thirty-five hundred
for the use of the Senate, and seven thousand for the
use of the House."
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
I hope the Committee on Printing will explain
to us what this matter of the case is, what is
included and what is not included. I have
tried hard to get the facts of the case and to
understand what they are. Although they
seem to be very well known on the other side
in Great Britain, we are but very slightly in-
formed on the subject on this side.
Mr. DAWES. The object seems to be to
inform the gentleman of what they are.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Is it the
whole case or one part of the case ?
The Senate concurrent resolution and the
proposed substitute were again read.
Mr. STORM. Does that include the case
of the United States, and the counter case
of the United States ? Is it the whole case or
only part of the case 1
Mr. COX. The case itself is a very large
volume.
Mr. "BEATTY. It is the case as presented
now to which reference is made in the resolu-
tion.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. No; only the case
as presented at first, not the counter case.
Mr. COX. That will cost $100,000.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Suppose it does?
Mr. COX. J am perfectly willing to see it
printed. Suppose our country backs down
from her position 
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Suppose it does
not back down, and does not intend to back
down, at least I hope not for the honor of the
country.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to any debate of
this sort.
Mr. BEATTY. The cost of the book will
be $330 per thousand.
