1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2735
Mr. COX. I should like to offer an amend-
ment, so that the resolution shall include the
printing of the " counter case."
The SPEAKER. The "counter case" has
been submitted to the House of Representa-
tives, and has been referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] desires to offer an amend-
ment, to include the printing of extra copic«
of the " counter case."
Mr. COX. And any correspondence which
may be sent to the State Department.
The SPEAKER. That would not be a
definite amendment to a resolution of this
kind. An order for printing must be specific.
Mr. BANKS. I will ask the House to limit
this vote to the proposition which comes to us
from the Senate, which relates to the " case "
presented by the Government of the United
States against Great Britain. We have had
the "counter case" presented, and it has
been referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs; and the day before yesterday we
called for the British case. We have not
acted upon those matters in any way, and I
think that in the mean time we should not
include them in an order for printing extra
copies.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let us have
them altogether.
Mr. BANKS. I desire also to say that I
hope there will be no reduction in the num-
ber of copies ordered by the Senate. This is
one of the most important questions ever con-
sidered by the Government or by the people.
The people are greatly interested in the sub-
ject, and they want copies of this "case,"
and I hope the House will be willing to print
the largest number of copies that is proposed
by the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will my
colleague yield to me for a question?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
ask my colleague, what is the use of printing
a gone case?
Mr. BANKS. That is not a question for me
to answer. My colleague has no right to make
any such assumption.
Mr. BEATTY. I desire to make the point
of order against the amendment of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Cox,] that the
"counter case" which he desires to have
included in this resolution, has not been sub-
mitted to the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. It is not in order to insert in
a resolution, reported from the Committee on
Printing, any documents, the consideration of
which has not been previously submitted to
that committee.
Mr. COX. Then I move to recommit this
resolution to the Committee on Printing, in
order that we may have a perfect record of the
whole business. We want the whole case,
both that of the British Government and our
own.
Mr. BEATTY. I have no objection to that
proposition.
' Mr. BANKS. I desire to say one word. It
is impossible for the House to get a complete
record in this matter, because it is not yet
finished. We have had submitted to us the
case presented by the Government of the
United States, and it was referred under the
laws to the Committee on Printing. They
have reported that a certain number of copies
should be printed. That is a question for us
to act upon. But we should not include the
"counter case," which has not been exam-
ined, and has not yet been referred to the
Committee on Printing. It has been ordered
to be printed in the usual way, a copy being
allowed to each member, and we should not
order extra copies until we know more about
it. At any rate, we cannot do that now, be-
cause that "counter case" has not been re-
ferred to tkf Committee on Printing.
Mr, DAWES. What objection would there
be to allowing this resolution to be recom-
mitted, and waitingthe action of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs?
Mr. BANKS. The objection to that propo-
sition is, that the country demands information
on this subject as soon'as we can give it. And
with this view, let us for the present confine
ourselves to printing the " case," and furnish
ing the largest number of copies.
Mr. BEATTY. I wish to say that this book
was published in the first place by the State
Department; and further, the Senate have
already ordered three thousand volumes. The
number authorized by the substitute reported
by the Committee on Printing will, in myjudg-
ment, be all the country needs.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I entirely concur
with the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] in relation to the Senate proposition.
The country wishes to be put in possession of
this document, and I think it would be very
unwise policy to restrict the information to be
supplied to the country, and to limit the num-
ber of copies of this document, simply because
it will cost a few thousaud dollars.
Now, sir, we will print here any quantity
of agricultural histories of pumpkins and
squashes; we do not object to that. But is
it not of as much interest to the country to
have the full facts of the case in a matter that
concerns the national honor, the national in-
terests, and the Government of the country?
Why should we attempt to deprive the people
of this information merely to save a few paltry
dollars? We want all of these documents;
we want as many as we can get to be cir-
culated throughout the country, and when the
people have these documents in their hands I
am satisfied that the partial, unjust, and un-
American comments made throughout the
country by various cowardly or subsidized
newspapers will be taken at their true value.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I call my
colleague to order. I do not think a discus-
sion of that question -is proper in this debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from New York has not transcended
the fair limits of debate.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Then I refuse to
yield the floor.
Mr. BEATTY. I insist that I have the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman to yield to the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. BEATTY. I did not yield.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I wish to say only
a word further.
Mr. BEATTY. I simply desire to say, in
answer to what has been said, that the ten
thousand copies authorized by the resolution
as amended by the Committee on Printing
would put two or three copies into every
library in the country, and that is all we should
publish. I now ask that the resolution be
recommitted to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the resolution will
not be recommitted. I hope we shall have
this document printed as quickly as we possibly
can. It is in type already, and we need not
hold it back for other cases not yet before the
committee. Let us decide to print twenty-two
thousand copies and send them out to the
people, because they demand this information,
and we have it in type ready for them.
The question was put upon Mr. Beaut's
motion, to recommit the resolution to the Com-
mittee on Printing; and there were—ayes 54,
noes 73.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. COX. Was my amendment accepted
to include the counter case?
The SPEAKER. The Chair could not en-
tertain that amendment, because it is not in
order. In addition to being a violation of the
rules it is a violation of the law.
Mr. COX. Well, I ask unanimous eon-
sent 
The SPEAKER. The Chair could not even
entertain that request, because the law requires
that any printing which exceeds a certain sum
shall go to the Committee on Printing. It is
a point of order which the Chair is bound to
enforce.
Mr. BEATTY. I desire to suggest to the
House the fact that five, six, or seven thou-
sand copies of this report have already been
circulated.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment of the Committee on Printing to reduce
the number of copies to ten thousand five hun-
dred, and there were—ayes 61, noes 71.
Mr. BEATTY. I demand the yeas and nays
on that question.
Mr. BANKS. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
Mr. BEATTY. I want to see how many
gentlemen here wish to save money in this
way.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I think it is no
saving of money.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only
eleven gentlemen voting therefor.
So the amendment of the Committee on
Printing was rejected.
The question recurred upon concurring in
the resolution of the Senate.
Mr. BANKS. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BEATTY. Is it in order for me to
make a few remarks on this subject ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts has demanded the previous
question.
Mr. BEATTY. Has he a right to demand
the previous question?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Beatty] did not report the reso-
lution, and, therefore, is not entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BEATTY. But the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Phice] did.
The SPEAKER. But the gentleman from
Georgia is not claiming the floor.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman from Ohio
had the floor and moved to recommit; which
was negatived by the House. That opened
the floor to other members.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the
impression that there is no parliamentary right
by which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
BeaTty] would be entitled to the floor. The
House did not sustain him on his motion to
recommit, and he did not make the report
from the committee.
The question was then taken upon concur-
ring in the resolution of the Senate; and upon
a division there were—ayes 85, noes 38.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BEATTY called for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were ten in the
affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of the
last full vote) the yeas and nays were not
ordered.
The resolution was accordingly concurred in.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on. the table.
The latter motion was agread to.
order of business.
Mr. BANKS. I desire now to call up the
resolution in relation to the case of Dr. Hou-
ard, which was made a special order, privileged
to be presented at any time.
The SPEAKER. The House is now acting
under the operation of the previous question,
which was seconded on yesterday on the bill
relating to the Central Pacific railroad.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wheeler] to yield to me to
submit.a motion to go into Committee of the
Whole on the tariff bill.
Mr. WHEELER. I cannot do that.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to give notice that
