1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3631
defeated shall be paid, it seems to me that the
House will invite contests instead of discour-
aging them, and do precisely what the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. McCrary] says he wishes
to avoid.
I ought to add that the rule against which
we are contending has not been invariably
adbered to. I hold in my hand a list of sev-
eral cases where the successful contestant has
been allowed his expenses, and I call the
attention of the House to them. I agree that
for the last ten years the rule has been as the
gentleman states it. In 1861, the successful
contestant from Nebraska, Samuel G. Dailey,
was allowed $2,350 for his expenses in vindi-
cating his right to his seat. In the same year,
William C. Anderson, sitting member from the
State of Kentucky, was allowed the sum of
$2,030 69 ; and Daniel E. Sickles, a sitting
member from the State of New York, was
allowed $1,998 30. By the same House, Prank
P. Blair, jr., a successful contestant from the
State of Missouri, was paid the sum of
$1,584 87 for his expenses incurred in vindi-
cating his right to a seat. William A. How-
ard, a successful contestant from the State of
Michigan, was allowed the sum of $721 81.
This case, therefore, is not without precedent.
Mr. SYPHER. And last year Hon. Leon-
ard Myers, of this House, was allowed for
his expenses in contesting his rightto a seat
in this House.
Mr. STRONG. I do not know how thatis;
it may be so. But I say this bill involves no
new precedent, though I agree that for the
last few years the rule has been substantially
as stated by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
McCrary,] the chairman of the Committee of
Elections.
Mr. MeCRARY. During the last Congress
there was no payment made to any sitting
member for his expenses in vindicating his
right to his seat.
Mr. SYPHER. I would like to correct the
gentleman. I would like to ask him if Mr.
Leonard Myers, who successfully contested
his right to a seat in this House, was not paid
his expenses ?
Mr. MeCRARY. Mr. Leonard Myers was
a successful contestant and was paid nothing.
The sitting member in the case of Myers vs.
Moffatt was paid upon the ground that he
remained in his seat but a few days and drew
nothing in the way of salary, and he was paid
upon the express ground that he had drawn no
salary as a member.
The principle upon which the Committee of
Elections have proceeded is this: that a mem-
ber who draws his ยง5,000 a year and his mile-
age can afford to vindicate his right to his
seat, and that it is his duty to do so. Let me
say this: if this precedent is established in
the case of Mr. Conner, it must be followed
by the allowance of expenses to successful
sitting members and successful contestants in
the last Congress, nearly thirty in number,
and whose claims will amount in the aggre-
gate to a large sum. The amount paid the
unsuccessful contestants during the last Con-
gress was $113,000, and this proposition is in
effect to go buck and pay the successful par-
ties a similar amount. True, this bill covers
but one case, but in principle it includes them
all.
Mr. STRONG. In this case the Committee
of Elections overruled the statute law, and
allowed the contestant to come in after the
time fixed by law had expired.
Mr. McCRARY. I will answer that in a
moment. I am satisfied that the Committee
of Elections of ihe last House did not agree
to paj- Mr. Conner his expenses in vindicat-
ing his right to his seat. There was a sub-
committee appointed to examine that case.
And at a lime when the House had no oppor-
tunity of examining it some person introduced
a resolution to pay Mr. Conner a certain sum
for his expenses, and it was passed without
being understood. But as soon as the then
chairman of the Committee of Elections, Gen-
eral Paine, was advised of what had been done,
he moved a reconsideration of the resolution,
and it was reconsidered, and after debate was
voted down by a large majority.
The gentleman from Connecticut says that
the time was extended for giving notice and
taking testimony in this case, and he thinks
this makes the claim more meritorious. Why
should the extension of time make any differ-
ence ? The time has been extended in many,
and I think most of the cases. It is not true
that the claim of Mr. Conner is exceptional,
or peculiarly meritorious. I venture to say
that every one of the gentlemen who have
succeeded in their contests, both in this Con-
gress and in the last, has as good a claim as
Mr. Conner, and some of them better.
Now if this claim be allowed by this House
it will be followed by claims on behalf of every
one of those who were successful in election
contests during the last Congress. And if the
same amount is allowed to those who were
successful as was allowed to those who were
not successful, the sum required to settle these
claims will be more than one hundred thousand
dollars. That will also be followed by claims
on behalf of the successful parties in contests
during this Congress, and we shall be obliged
to pay them also a very large sum of money.
The present Committee of Elections pro-
pose, if possible, to induce the House to pro-
hibit altogether the payment of expenses to
either party. We hope to put a stop to abuses
which have been already too long tolerated.
I trust the House will not go backward, but
forward in this matter. It is many years since
any successful party to a contest has been
paid. That rale, if it ever prevailed, has been
abandoned and reversed long since. Of late
we have allowed a man who in good faith
contests a seat at his own expense, and fails
to secure it, to be paid his reasonable expenses.
This has been defended on the ground that a
private citizen cannot afford to come to Wash-
ington and prosecute a contest at his own ex-
pense. There are occasional cases where it
seems proper and right to pay such claimants,
but the rule is so liable to abuse, and in prac-
tice works so badly, that I am heartily in favor
of its abolition. But here is a proposition
looking not to reform, not to the limitation or
restriction of this pernicious practice, but to
its enlargement and extension to a large class'
of cases not within the present rule, bad as
that is. I hope this door will not be opened.
Mr. HALE. 1 would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Connecticut [Mr. Strong] one
question in reference to a matter of fact; when
did Mr. Conner take his seat?
Mr. STRONG. I cannot give the precise
date.
Mr. HALE. Some time in January, was it
not?
Mr. DICKEY. February, according to the
report.
Mr. STRONG. It was probably as late as
January or February.
Mr. HALE. Did he not draw pay from the
4th of March preceding?
Mr. STRONG. So do all of us.
Mr. HALE. In other words, he drew pay
from the 4th of March, almost one year prior
to the time when he took his seat.
Mr. STRONG. It is the universal rule pre-
vailing here that we draw our pay back to the
4th of March, although some of us may not
be elected till after that time, and cannot take
our seats tiil the opeuing of the session in
December.
Mr. HALE. But Mr. Conner was not sworn
in until months after the rest of us came here
and took our seats.
Mr. STRONG. That was because he was
kept out by a majority of the House.
Mr. HALE. No, there was no contest.
Mr. STRONG. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.]
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, this is one of
the most important questions of expenditure,
so far as concerns the principle involved,
which the House will be called upon to con-
sider. The House and the Committee of Elec-
tions have been endeavoring to cut down the
granting of money for expenses in contested-
election cases. They have adopted the rula to
grant it in no case to the sitting member. I
trust they will soon decide to grant it in no
case to anybody.
This case of Mr. Conner is not singular.
The gentleman from Connecticut [Mr Strong]
says that the committee, in violation of the
statute, extended the time for the contestant.
Mr. S TRONG. To give his notice.
Mr. HOAR. The statute contemplates such
extension; and it is frequently granted, not
by the committee, but by the House. I have
no doubt that in the present case it was granted
by the House. There have been in the present
Congress several instances where the House,
after a sitting member has taken his seat, has
extended the time for taking testimony, which
is precisely the same thing in principle as
extending the time in which to give notice of
contest; and the sitting member has been in
such cases obliged to go home and take his
testimony anew. The gentleman from Florida,
[Mr. Walls,] now iu my sight, is an instaoce
of that.
Now, sir, if this principle be established in
the case of Mr. Conner, we must make a sim-
ilar allowance to a large number of sitting
members of this House; we must go back
through the last ten Congresses and make this
extra payment to every person whose claim to
a seat has been vindicated against a contest-
ant. I regret very much to oppose a grant
of money to any gentleman who has won the
respect of the House so much as Mr. Conner
has since taking his seat. But if thisprinciple
be adopted it will certainly require a similar
payment to be made in more than twenty
cases. I could enumerate from my own mem-
ory raore than half that number.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STRONG. I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, the general
rule which has prevailed in Congress iu regard
to the allowance of expenses for contested
elections is exactly the reverse of the rule at
law. At law the successful party usually re-
covers his costs, which embrace his expenses.
In Congress the rule of late years has been the
reverse. We allow the successful party noth-
ing, while we pay the unsuccessful party for
contesting. I do not say that the rule is not
a correct one.
Mr. HOAR. That is because the contestant
is supposed to act in behalf of the public, not
in his own interest. I am not, however, in
favor of such allowance.
Mr. POTTER. I am not unmindful of the
reasons that can be suggested both for and
against the rule. I do not myself either dis-
pute it or justify it now.
But I desire to call the attention of the
House to the fact in respect of this rule that ex-
ceptions have been established to it in particu-
lar cases. The facts in the case of Mr. conner
show his to be an exceptional case.
Now, the gentleman on my rightfrom Iowa
[Mr. McCrary] says the Committee of Elec-
tions did not pass on and allow this claim.
But in that respect thefactsare exactly these:
Mr. Conner's case was referred in the Forty-
First Congress to the Committee of Elections,
and by that committee to a sub-committee,
which was composed of the then chairman of
'the committee, General Paine, of Wisconsin,
the gentleman from Mississippi. [Mr. Barry.]
and myself. It was decided in favor of Mr.
Conner, and we unanimously agreed to recom-
mend the payment of $2,000 for his expenses
because of the exceptional nature of his case.
That special nature arose from the fact that
although the election was in November, 1869,
and although he and the contestant: were
