1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
943
Mr. HOLMAN. There was no objection
to extending the time of the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Mr. SHANKS. I have no objection if it
be agreed that we shall have opportunity to
offer amendments when the general debate
has been concluded.
The CHA.IRMAN. The two hours cannot
be extended by unanimous consent. It has
been ordered by the House that general debate
shall close in two hours.
Mr. HOLMAN. At the close of the gen-
eral debate the bill can be then discussed
under the five-minutes rule?
The CHAIRMAN. Not until the two hours
have expired to which the general debate has
been limited.
Mr. HOIjMAN. After that the five-minutes
rule begins ?
The CHAIRMAN. It does, of course, under
the rule.
Mr. HOAR. I move that the committee
rise, so that the House may order the exten-
sion of the time for general dehate, in order
that I may conclude my remarks.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 54, noes 37.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Blair, of Michigan, having taken the chair as
Speaker pro tempore, Mr. L. Myers reported
that the Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar had, according to order,
had the Private Calendar generally under con-
sideration, and particularly House bill No.
1338, to reimburse the College of William
and Mary for property destroyed during the
war of the rebellion, and had come to no res-
olution thereon.
Mr. PERCE. I move to go into Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar ;
but before the vote is taken on that motion, I
move that the time allowed to the committee
fur general debate be extended so as to allow
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. HoabJ
to finish his remarks.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. Has not to-morrow been set apart
for debate onlv?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It has.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
50, noes 68.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wereordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 54, nays 117, not voting
68 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Averill, Banks, Barber, Beatty,
Beveridge, Buckley, Burden, Roderick It. Butler,
Campbell, Comingo, Conger, Conner, Cotton, Farns-
worth, Finkelnburg, Wilder D. Foster. Frve, Gar-
rett, Goodrich, llawley, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton,
llolinan, Ketch&m, MeJuukm, McKee. Mereur,
Negley, Palmer. Isaac C. Parker. Poland, Rainey,
Ellis H. Roberts, Sawyer, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks,
John A. Smith, Wortlnngton C. Smith, Thomas J.
Speer, Sprngue Strong, Sypher, Turner, Twichell,
Tyner. Wakeman, Wnidron, Wallace, Walls,_Wil-
iard, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
and John 'L\ Wilson—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler. Arthur, Barnum,
Bock, Bigby, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Austin Blair,
Braxton, George M. Brooks, Bufflnton, Caldwell,
William T. Clarko. Cobb. Cox, Orebs, Creely,
Criteher, Crosslana, Davis, Donnan. Dox, DuBose,
Duel], Duke, Dannell. Eames, Ely, Forker, Charles
Fester, Golladay, Griffith, Ilaldem.in, Hale, Han-
cock, Handier- Harper, .John T. Harris, John W.
Ifazelton. Hereford, Ilerndon, Hibbard, Hill, Hoar,
Hooper, Ivelley, Kellogg,Kendall, Kerr, King, Lam-
i?on, Lansing, Lcaoh, Lewis, Manson, Marshall,
Maynard. McClelland, MeCormiclt, McGrew, Mc-
Itcnry, Mclntyro, McNeely, Merriam, Merrick,
Mitchell, Morgan, Leonard Myers, Niblaek, Orr,
Packard, HoseaW. Parker. Pock. Pendleton. Perce,
Kli Perry, Peters, Piatt, Porter, Potter, Price. Read,
IMwaid i . Itice, John M. Rice, Robinson, Itogers,
Itiifk, Sargent, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Sherwood,
Shober, Slater, Snyder, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stoughton, Stowell, Sutherland, Swann, Teriy,
Thomas, Washington Townsend, Upsoft, Vaughan,
Voorhees, "Waddell, Warren, Weils, Whitthorne,
Williams of New York, Winchester, Wood, and
Young—-117. • , .
NOT VOTING—Mossrs. Acker, Ames, Archer,
Barry, Boll." James"G.'Bjair, Boles, Bright, James
Brooks, Bttrchard, Benjamin F; Cutler, -Carroll,
Freeman Clarke, Coburn, Cosrhlan, Darrall, Dawes,
De Large Dickey, Bldridge, Elliott, Farwell, Henry
D. Foster, Garfteid, Getz, Halsey, Hambletou, Hanks,
Harmer, George E. Harris. Havens, Hay, Houghton,
Killinger, Kinsella, Lamport, Lowe, Lynch, Mc-
Crary, McKinney, Benjamin F. Meyers, Monroe,
Moore, Morey, Morphis, Packer, Aaron F. Perry,
Prindle, Randall, Ritchie, William R. Roberts,
Roosevelt, Scofield, Shoemaker, Slocum, Sloss, H.
Boardman Smith, Snapp, R. Milton Speer, Steven-
son, Storm, St. John, Taffe, Dwight Townsend. Tut-
hill. Van Trump, Walden, Wheeler, and White-
ley—68.
So the House refused to adjourn.
mints and coinage.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, reported from the Committee
on Coinage, Weights, and Measures a bill (H.
R. No. 1427) revising and amending the laws
of the United States relative to the mints,
assay offices, and coinage of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, recom-
mitted to the Committee on Coinage, Weights,
and Measures, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted ; and also
moved that the motion to recsnsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ogdbnf hoffman.
Mr, PETERS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I am instructed by the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of William Hastings, in the matter of the
impeachment of Ogden Hoffman, judge of the
United States district court for the district of
California, to report that, having considered
the same, they report the memorial back to
the House with t.he recommendation that it do
lie upon the table, and that the committee be
discharged from the further consideration of
the subject. I make thai motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the memo-
rial was laid upon the table.
Mr. PETEKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
justice stephen j. field.
•Mr. PETERS. I desire to make another
privileged' report. I am instrucled by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred the memorial of William Hastings
in the matter of the impeachment of Stephen
J Field, one of the associate justices of the
Supreme Court of the United States, to report
that, the committee having considered the same,
report the memorial back to the House with
the recommendation that the same do lie upon
the table, and that the committee be discharged
from the further considerat'on of the subject.
I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and the memo-
rial was laid on the table.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
college of william and ilaky.
Mr. HOAR. I move that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar. And pending that motion
I ask unanimous consent to print, the remain-
der of the remarks which I was addressing to
the committee when the committee rose.
Thero was no objection, and permission was
granted.
The question was on going into Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar; and
being put, it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calen-
dar, (Mr. L. Myeks in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill {H R. No. 1338)
to reimburse the College of William and-Mary,
in Virginia, for -property destroyed during the
.war- of the ifcbi;14ion. - - 
Mr. PERCK. I yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Storm.]
Mr. STORM. It gives me great pleasure
to support this bill. I was on the Committee
which bad the subject under consideration at
the time the report which has beeu read, was
agreed to; and, hating examined the matter
somewhat carefully and closely, I have' come
to the conclusion that it is nothing more than
the duty of this Government to repay to the
College of William and Mary the amount
which is asked for in the bill.
I say, Mr. Chairman, that it affords me
peculiar pleasure to give my voice and tny vote
in favor of the passage of this bill. Virginia
has been called the "mother of Presidents,"
but it is no less'true that the institution that is
now asking this favor—the College of William
and Mary—is in just as high a sense the alma
mater of our greatest statesmen, jurists, and
soldiers. Three of our Presidents, Jefferson,
Madison, and Monroe, have been students of
this, institution. It was within her sacred
walls that Jefferson, the great apostle of free-
dom, learned those principles which afterward
made him the guiding star of the Revolution,
and which he embodied in that immortal
papef, the Declaration of Independence. It
was within her time honored walls that Madison
■acquired a mastery of those principles which
afterward to a great extent were embodied in the
Constitution of the United States. It was here
that the greatest Chief Jnstice who has ever
graced the Supreme bench of this nation learned
those principles which fitted him fordeciding the
great questions arising under that Constitution
which Madison had so largeasharein framing.
Being an institution thus venerable from her
age, and great in the greatness of her sons, it
gives me unfeigned pleasure to day to pay this
tribute of respect to her memory, in voting for
that which is simply her right and her duo.
It is not disputed that our soldiers destroyed
that property. They destroyed it wantonly.
There was no military necessity or occasion
for its destruction; and being thus destroyed,
that college has the very highest moral claim
that it is possible for any person, or institu-
tion, to have upon this Government.
This college enjoyed at one time royal pat-
ronage. Queen Anne of England was in 1700
its patroness. It had also for its supporter a
person of no less celebrity than Robert Boyle,
the Euglish philosopher. And I might say
here that of his donation to the college the
trustees expended £6,400 in the purchase of
the Brafferton estate; and £45 went to sup-
port two missionaries to the heathen in New
England ; and it was no more than a debt of
gratitude which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hoar] paid to this ancient col-
lege for lavors conferred by her upon the
ancient Commonwealth of Massachusetts
nearly two hundred years ago.
Forty-five pounds a year were given to Har-
vard, the oldest college in the country, (Wil-
liam and Mary being the next,) and the bal-
ance was to go to William and Mary college
upon the condition that it would educate one
Indian for every £14 of the donation.
This college has passed through two revo-
lutions. The president's house and some other
property were destroyed during the war of the
Revolution. The French, who were our allies
in that struggle, destroyed the president's
house belonging to the college, and the French
Government, on being informed of the fact,
promptly paid the amount necessary to rebuild
it. It is a principle which is recognized I
believe by all civilized nations that all insti-
tutions ot learning, works ofart, public records,
and libraries are exempt from the strict rules
of war. An instance is given in which a British
vessel captured a case of valuable Italian paint-
ings and prints on their way to this counUy,
and an English judge of the admiralty court
decided that all works of art, paintings, and
statuary ought to bo exempt from the-usual
-rules -of capture 'on principles- recognized -by
