THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
civilized nations the world over. So that this
college has something more than a mere claim
upon the charity of the Government, something
more than a mere appeal to the gratitude of
the- nation. She has, I tbinb, a right, and
that right is established on principles of inter-
national law recognized everywhere by civil-
ized nations. This being her claim, twofold
in its nature—based upon an appeal to our
sense of justice as well as of right; resting
upon the humane principles of the laws ot'
' modern warfare, I give my hearty assent to the
passage of this bill.
The gentleman from Massachusetts has been
anxious to bring this college within loyal
ground. It makes no difference to me whether
it be established in this debate that this insti-
tution happened to be within " loyal" territory
or whether it was not, I shall .not vote for the
bill. The learned president of the college,
Dr. Ewell, said before the committee:
. "If there was any foundation for the assertion made
in oue of the leading newspapers of this city last
winter, that the educational institutions of the South
were nearly all nurseries of treason, how important
is it to cherish and nurture loyalty and love of the
Union m any ono_ of them whenever practicable;
and the opportunity becomes far more valuable
when a time-honored, well-established oollege is in
Question.
If it was loyal, then I vote to compensate
it for the property that was destroyed, and
thus reward its loyalty; and if it was not
loyal, I shall nevertheless vote for it upon the
principles stated in the report of President
Ewell, that I may make it loyal if it is not
now.^ I believe that the celebrated resolutions
of 1798, which have been interpreted as con-
taining the principle that the allegiance which
the citizen owed to the State wa3 higher than
that which he owed to the Government of the
United States, were so received in Virginia
and taught in her institutions of learning.
However this may be, if we pass this bill it
will do more to bind the citizens of that noble
old State to the Union, and to restore harmony
and good feeling, than any act of amnesty
which we can pass. It will also be a recogni-
tion of the principle of international law,
which in war exempts from capture and
destruction works of art and institutions of
learning.
All historians, and nearly all writers on
international law, condemn Bonaparte for
compelling the Italian princes and even the
Pope to surrender their choicest paintings and
works of art, -to be transferred to Paris. The
civilized world has branded with infamy the
action of the British officer who ordered the
destruction of our public buildings, records,
and library in the war of 1812.
Frederick II of Prussia has always been
praised for his noble conduct in 1756, when
he took possession of Dresden ; the valuable
picture gallery, cabinets, and museums of
that polished capital were at his mercy, yet he
regarded them as not falling within the rights
of the conqueror. During our late war a public
library was captured in South Carolina and
. brought by the Government to New York to
be sold. .The New York Tribune denounced
the act in such bitter terms that the Govern-
ment was obliged to return the library to its
rightful owner.
I am informed that the Congress has already
passed an act compensating a college in Ken-
tucky for property destroyed by our Army dur-
ing the late war. With all these precedents
before us we cannot refuse to allow the sum
asked tor in this case.
I now yield for five minutes to my friend
from Illinois. [Mr. McNeely.]
Mr. McNEELY. I will detain the commit-
tee but a moment, as I am satisfied the com-
mittee is impatient to vote on this bill. I will
simply say that during the last Congress I was
a member of the Committee on Education and
.Labor, and while on that committee this mat-
ter was considered by it. I gave it my careful
attention and investigated the matter thor
oughly, and became satisfied that this claim
ought to be allowed and that this bill ought
to pass. This is an ancient and honored insti-
tution, and ought to be treated with justice at
least. The germ of this institution was planted
in Virginia in 1619, before the Puritans landed
on Plymouth Rock. Up to 1776 even Har-
vard College was a pensioner on this institu-
tion, receiving from it each year £90.
The French troops, as has been observed in
this debate, in the revolutionary war occupied
some of the buildings, and having injured them
by such occupation, the French Government,
out of its own funds, repaired them. It seems
to me that we will simply be doing justice to
repair the damages which our troops wantonly
committed during the late war. The letters
of General Grant, and other generals com-
manding in that part of the country at or near
that time, all admit that this damage was wan-
tonly committed. These buildings being in
the occupation of the Governmental that time,
their destruction not being necessary for any
military reason, it seems to me that we ought
to grant this sum, which I think is but fair
and just.
Mr. PERCE. I agreed to yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] but
I do not now see him in his seat. I will there-
fore yield to the gentleman from New Hamp
shire [Mr. Parker] for five minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. There is but four min-
utes' time of the gentlemen's hour remaining.
Mr. PERCE. Very well; I will yield the
remainder of my time to the gentleman.
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire. Mr.
Chairman, as a member of the Committee on
Education and Labor, it is proper for me to
say that we have had a very full and careful
investigation in regard to this matter. Wc
listened with a great deal of pleasure to a very
careful statement from Professor Ewell, con-
nected with this college. As one of that com-
mittee I can cheerfully say that, after hearing
the statements made and evidence produced
before the committee, I had no hesitation
whatever in coming to the conclusion that this
claim is just and fair, equitable and right: and
the committee were unanimous in their opinion.
We have lately been engaged in this House
for several days in endeavoring to perfect and
pass a bill brought forward, as it was claimed,
inthe interest of the southern people, to pro-
vide the means for educating the children of
the southern States. Daring the debate upon
that bill I said 1 would give my hearty support
to any measure in their interest that might be
brought forward. This measure is one of that
kind. I can see in this proposition some ben-
efit that may be derived by the people of the
southern States, so far as their educational
interests are concerned, and I very cheerfully
give my hearty support to this measure.
It has been very truly remarked that the
history of William and Mary college is in a
measure the history of this country. It is so
intimately connected with its history that it
seems to me we cannot be just to ourselves
nor just to that institution if we pass it silently
by. If, therefore, we are anxious to benefit
the southern people, to benefit their educa-
tional institutions, here is a grand opportunity
tor my Republican friends to do so, and show
their sincerity. I do not know that this bill
•i "?eet WItk any opposition. It has been
said by some gentlemen, however, that the
passage of such a bill as this would be estab-
lishing a dangerous precedent. I have this to
say m reply to that remark, that I will here
and now cheerfully vote for any and all propo-
sitions for the benefit of education or educa-
tional interests if they stand upon the basis
that this_ does. If they present the merits
which this case presents, they shall receive
my hearty support.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I do not know
whether the members of this committee are
inclined or not to go on further with this
debate this evenrng. I think we shall hardly
be able to conclude to-night the discussion of
this bill. I wish to pursue the couiae that the
majority may consider desirable. For the pur-
pose of testing the question whether this dis-
cussion shall be further continued at this time,
I will move that the Committee of the Whole
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. L,
Myers reported that, pursuant to the order
of the House, the Committee of the Whole
had had under consideration the Private Cal-
endar, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. Terry was granted leave of absence for
three days.
Mr. Ttjtiiill was granted leave of absence
for five days from Monday next.
Mr. Walls was granted leave of absence for
sixty days, the same being rendered necessary
by reason of the contest for his seat.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. HOLMAN obtained unanimous consent
to have withdrawn from the files of the House
the commissions in the Army of Lieutenant
C, C. MeCreary.
Mr. BANKS obtained unanimous consent
to have withdrawn from the files of the House
the memorial of R. B. Forbes in relation to
the claim of the steamer Niphon.
Mr. DUBLL obtained unanimous consent
to have withdrawn from the files of the House
the papers in the case of John C. Lemmon.
session op to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. By order of the House,
the session of to-morrow will be for general
debate only, in the House as in Committee of
the Whole, no business whatever to be trans-
acted. The gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Beatty,
will occupy the chair as Speaker pro tempore.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Holman, that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o|clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AMES: The petition of Albert Field
& Co. and others, of iaunton, Massachusetts,
tor an amendment to the laws for the appoint-
ment and removal from office ; fixing the sala-
ries, perquisites, and moieties of public officers:
and the seizure of private books and papers.
Also, the petition of S. S. Putnam and
others, for the regulation of appointments
and removals from office; fixing salaries, per-
quisites, and moieties of officers; and the
seizure of private books and papers.
By Mr. AVERILL: A memorial for an
appropriation to aid in the improvement of
the harbor of Duluth in the State of Min-
nesota.
By Mr. BUCKLEY: The petition of J. A.
triddens, William Lawrence, E. T. McMorris,
and 71 others, asking the establishment of a
mail route from Letohatchee to Olustee Creek,
via Mount Carrael, Argus, Arcadia, and Heli-
con.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of the
bandwich lack Company and 55 others, citi-
zens of_ Sandwich, Massachusetts, in relation
to appointments and removals from public
othces; salaries, perquisites, moieties, &c.: and
seizure of private books and pacers.
By Mr. BURCIIARD : The memorial of
Hon J. M Gregory, of Illinois, asking a
grant tor military education.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee : The peti-
t°5 -kuemda Storms, dependent mother of
Jefferson Storms, deceased, praying a pension.
