1840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
prepare a list of routes in their own States
that they are willing shall be stricken off, so
that the postal service in their States may be
brought down to a point where it will pay.
Mr. KERR. - Will the gentleman allow me
a word ?
Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York. I will
give you an opportunity in a few moments.
Now, Mr. Chairman, there is one other
point to which I desire to call the attention
of the House and the country. Many years
ago when that distinguished Democrat, (whose
Democracy will not be questioned by any gen-
tleman on this side of the House,) Thomas H.
Benton, stood up in the rooms of the Board
of Trade of the city of St. Louis, and turning
to the West said, "This is the way to India,"
I ask gentlemen if they suppose lie meant by
that simply that when a railroad was com-
pleted across the continent to San Francisco
the matter was to stop there? No, sir; he
was a progressive Democrat, and if he were
on this floor to-day I have no doubt that he
would vote to aid in extending the commerce
of the country over this route.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the United States have
contributed liberally in aiding in the building
of a railroad from here to San Francisco, and
I desire to call the attention of gentlemen who
talk about the corruption of railroad corpora-
tions, and of land grants, and aid extended to
railroad corporations, to the question whether
there is any gentleman upon this floor to-day
'who would consent that these railroads to the
Pacific should be taken up if the money were
returned to the Treasury of the United States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAIK, of Michigan, obtained the floor.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York. I wish the
gentleman would give me five minutes more.
Mr. BLA1E, of Michigan. Why, that is all
I have myself. [Laughter.] I had supposed,
Mr. Chairman, that this question of subsidies
■would have been brought before the House
to-day in a general bill. I expected the Com-
mittee on Commerce would have brought such
a proposition before the House. I supposed
that we should have had here some policy
upon this question proposed to the House
from the committee which has charge of this
subject. It is one that has been very largely
discussed in the country, and has attracted
the attention of the people quite generally.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Michigan will suspend. It is impossible for
the reporters to hear what the gentleman from
Michigan is saying, owing to the noise upon
the right of the Chair.
Mr. RANDALL. It is a little family quar-
rel. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I do not find
any question of the tariff in this bill, although
a good many gentlemen whohave spoken upon
it have taken occasion to give us their rem-
edies for existing evils growing out of that
question. Neitherdo I find in it any question
of politics. I am wholly unable to see whether
this is a thoroughly Democratic proposition or
not, and I shall leave gentlemen on the other
side of the House, who are excellent judges of
Democracy, to settle that question for them-
selves. It is, however, sir, a question of vast
interest to the people of this country, as affect-
ing the Treasuryofthecountry. Itis noteven
the establishment of a new line. The propo-
sition here is to grant aid- to an old one, to
a line that has been established by $500,000
subsidy each year, and successfully established.
"We do not hear any complaints that it has not
made money. On the contrary, I think the
gentleman from California [Mr. Sargekt]
told us, and no doubt truly, that this line is
doing well. Then, I ask gentlemen, why
not let it alone? If you have established a
line, and it is successful, let it proceed as it is.
Why make a further subsidy? Gentlemen
say, of course it is in order to have double
the number of trips. Sir, if there is business
enough for more trips, then it will pay: and I
submit to the committee that what we ought
to undertake to do is to establish routes, and
not on a grand scale.
I have listened with a great deal of pleasure
to many speeches that I have heard here.
We have heard a great deal about flags, and
I must confess that I have a vast admiration
for our flag. We have heard a great deal
about oceans. If my memory does not mis-
lead me, we have been told several times that
the Pacific ocean is a very large ocean. We
have also been told that the Atlantic ocean is
a very respectable ocean, but that it has not
so many flags on it as it ought to have. We
are also told that there are a great many peo-
ple on the other side of the Pacific, (but some-
how I think I have heard that before,) and
therefore we ought to take possession of that
mighty ocean. Well, sir, I shall be very glad
to see the people of this country take posses-
sion of it, and I have the firmest belief that
they will yet do it. But let me tell you, sir,
that they will never do it with subsidies.
American enterprise, the genius and power
of this people, working through their own
methods in the progress of business, will
enable our people to conquer on that ocean,
and so it will be elsewhere.
But I am not at all discouraged about the
Atlantic ocean. We shall have the flag upon
it again by and by, with the stars and stripes
upon that flag, I make no question at all.
We have had very great difficulties to en-
counter in regard to that matter. War came
upon tis at a time when it swept our flag
almost entirely from that ocean; not entirely,
as some gentlemen seem to suppose. But the
time will again come when we will put our
flag back there without subsidies. When we
undertake to compete with nations that resort
to subsidies, we must do as those nations find
it proper to do. When we undertake to meet
with subsidies Great Brilain on the seas, you
will have to follow the practice of Great Brit-
ain, and you will find that the money comes
from the laboring population to be paid into
the hands of those who do not labor. I am
opposed to the whole system of subsidies,
unless where it may be necessary to start a
line; and I would make the subsidy temporary,
and temporary only.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PACKARD. Mr. Chairman, the prop-
osition before the House involves something
more than a mere matter of money. The real
fquestion is, what nation shall control the com-
"intrce of the Pacific? The commerce of the
Atlantic has slipped from our grasp; I need
not say how or why. But we have a foothold
on the Pacific. It seems to me that it is the
duty of the Government to see that that foot-
hold is maintained.
I have never yet on this floor voted for a
subsidy or for a grant of any kind; and I
never will do so unless the, public interests to
be subserved thereby shall far outweigh the
private interests involved; unless the public
good shall overshadow the private benefit.
But when the great necessities of the country
maybe met and satisfied, when the grant of
$100 to an individual will give back $1,000
to the public, then I can as conscientiously
support the proposition as I would refuse to
support a measure whose effect would be
merely to enrich a private corporation.
This amendment is so far-reaching in its
results, the aid we shall render will come back
to us laden with so many beneficent effects, that
I quite lose sight of the immediate and tem-
porary fact that a gratuity of $500,000 is asked.
I look rather to the country reaching out her
arm_ of power to grasp the commerce of the
Pacific, and to distribute the wealth of " Ormus
and of Ind" among all our people. Those are
results not temporary, but lasting as the nation;
they will grow with our growth and strengthen
with our strength.
We all agree in this, that we ought to retain
the commerce which we have, and if possible
to reestablish that which we have lost. But
we differ as to the method of securing this
great good. We are like the man who always
wanted his own way, and was not satisfied
unless he had his own way of having it. Sir,
I want to retain this commerce of the Pacific;
I want to see American vessels floaiing not
only upon American waters, but upon all the
waters of the globe. I want to see the Ameri-
can flag floating above American steamships,
bearing cargoes to and from Americi upon
every water highway around the world. And
if I cannot have these things by one method,
then I want them by another. If American
enterprise alone will accomplish this, amen;
but if not, and we see other nations striving
to sweep us from the seas, let the Govern-
ment place its arm under this one project
and uphold it until it becomes lusty and
strong and able to walk alone. I am con-
vinced that the commerce of the Pacific af-
fords one of those rare opportunities to our
country which seldom occur. Here and now
we stand on the dividing line; shall we retro-
grade, or shall we advance? One cent and a
quarter from each one of our people will en-
able us to take advantage of this grand oppor-
tunity. Withhold it, and the immense subsi-
dies of England may overwhelm us; grant it,
and, like bread cast upon the waters, it will
return to us after many days. It will return
to us increased and multiplied over and over
again ; and it will enable us to establish a line
of American steamships so firmly as not to be
dislodged by the rival lines of any other Power.
My distinguished friend and colleague from
the second district of Indiana [Mr. Kerr] told
us last week that commerce will come "with-
out the aid of such measures as this, without
subsidies; " and he added, "Let it come, and
increase in strength and wealth under the
operation of God's great law of fair play ; of
open, free competition." Yes, sir, commerce
would come, and American enterprise would
seize and hold its full share if "God's great
law of fair play" were in operation in the
Pacific waters. Butitisnot. Twenty-five hun-
dred thousand dollars of subsidies granted by
England turn the balance in her favor, and
against us. We can have " free competition"
only by holding the balance level. How shall
we turn the scale in our favor? Throw in
$1,000,000 upon it; nature will put in a mil-
lion and a half in the superior genius and
enterprise of American citizens, and we then
have "fair play" and " free competition."
Six hundred million people in the eastern
world await the coming of American skill and
courage and power, and they will best read
our power in the presence of our flag. China
is calling to us; Japan is opening the way for
us. We shall form with her new and advan-
tageous treaties, and the wealth of centuries
will be poured upon our shores if we are but
wise enough to receivo it. Let us take in all
the grand possibilities of the situation. Let
us hear again the words which were uttered
by Japan a few days ago on this floor: "In
future an extended commerce will unite our
national interests, as the drops of water com-
mingling and flowing from our several rivers
into that common ocean which divides our
countries."
[Here the hammer fell.]
^r- ^r- Chairman, I would not
trouble the House at this time if I did not feel
it to be my duty to my constituents to place
myself by vote and speech on record against
this policy of subsidies which it seems we are
about entering upon. After the American
Congress has, as I hope, brought to a term-
ination the policy of giving away our public
lands to rich corporations, we find that a new
tack is taken; and as we cannot now give
public lands to these corporations, it is pro-
posed we shall inaugurate a policy by which
as much of the public money may be given to
them as they may be a,bie to succeed in show-
ing us we ought to give.
