48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. MORTON. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That each House of Congress shall
beadjourned sine die, by the PresidingOfficer thereof,
011 the third Monday of May, 1872, at twelve o'clock
meridian.
I do not ask for action on the resolution now.
Let it pass over until to-morrow morning.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion will lie on the table.
FUNERAL EXPENSES OF DECEASED OFFICERS.
Mr. NYE. I desire to introduce a resolu-
tion which, I am told, is similar to the resolu-
tion that has been introduced under similar
circumstances for many Congresses, and I sup-
pose there will be no objection to it:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate bo
directed to pay, out of the contingent fund of the
Senate, to the three daughters of John C. Burch,
deceased, late minute and Journal clerk of tbeSen-
ate, $150 for his funeral expenses, and a further
allowance equal to three months' pay of his annual
salary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not pass it at once?
Mr. NYE. I desire to have it passed now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have a similar resolu-
tion to offer in behalf of the widow of Mr.
Jones, who died during the recess:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
directed to pay, out of the contingent fund of the
Senate, to the widow of John W. Jones, deceased,
late keeper of the stationery of the Senate, $150 for
his funeral expenses, and a further allowance equal
to three months of his annual pay.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I presume
those resolutions are all right: but I think
the better way would be to refer them to a
committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They will,
under the rules, be referred to the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate.
IIODGB DEFALCATION, ETC.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to takeup
the resolution that I offered some days ago,
instructing the Committee on Military Affairs
to make an inquiry into a recent defalcation,
that of Hodge, the paymaster, and have it
passed, if there be no objection.
The PRESIDING _ OFFICER. Is there
objection to the consideration of the resolu-
tion called up by the Senator from New York?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I laid upon the table
on Thursday a resolution which is cognate to
the resolution which the Senator from New
York desires to call np, and I think it would
be best not to pass on the resolution of the
Senator from New York until we decide upon
the propriety of reviving the Committee on
Retrenchment which we had at the last ses-
sion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We did not have any
such committee at the last session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, at the last Con-
gress—at the last legislative session when we
did any business. We had for years a Com-
mittee on Retrenchment, which would be the
proper committee to investigate the matter to
which the Senator from New York refers, if it
should be raised; and it seems to me we had
better decide that first before we act upon the
resolution of the Senator from New York. I
have no other objection to its coming up ex-
cept that. It seems to me, if we are going to
revive the Retrenchment Committee, that it
would be appropriate to consider that ques-
tion. As there are some other defalcations
also, they probably had better all be examined
together.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me inquire of the
Chair whether it is in order for me to move
the consideration of this resolution now 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order
to move to postpone the unfinished business
and take up the resolution. It requires a
motion unless there be unanimous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I move to post-
pone the pending order for the purpose of tak-
ing up the resolution offered by me relative to
the defalcation of Hodge; and I make the motion
partly to enable me to make an observation in
answer to the Senator from Illinois. I did not
know that we had ever had a committee in this
body with functions so broad and absorbing
that it would take to itself from the Committee
on Military Affairs an inquiry like this. A
defalcation occurred on the part of a paymaster
in the Army, and the fact, coupled with the
amount of the defalcation and the circum-
stance that it had covered several years, led
many persons to suppose and some public
journals to declare that there must be a defect
in the regulations and the laws governing the
War or the Treasury Department, or both, or
else that there must have been a lax and ineffi-
cient administration of those laws. It was
thought that if the legislatiou was adequate,
and if the enforcement of it had been serious
and effectual, it could hardly have, happened
that a paymaster continuing his proceedings
for several years would have occasioned a
defalcation amounting, I think, to nearly half
a million.
The object being to ascertain whether the
administration of the military affairs of the
Government is sufficient or not, I did not sup-
pose that there ever had existed in this body
a committee which would onst the Committee
on Military Affairs of jurisdiction over that
question and take it to itself; and I say, with
great deference, that if there ever was such a
committee as that, in my judgment it was a
great violation of the harmony and symmetry
of parliamentary proceedings. If the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs is not to exercise
that as one of its functions, I really do not
know what the province of that committee is.
Therefore, without waiting for the contin-
gency of the erection of some new committee,
1 ask the Senate to take up this resolution, to
the end that the Committee on Military Affairs
may proceed to ascertain whether in truth it
ought to report some bill rendering it impossi-
ble to take by embezzlement such a sum of
money, or whether in truth there be on the
part of the War Department or any officer of
the Army so lax an understanding of the regu-
lations in that regard, tliata half million dollars
may be taken, $100,000 this year and $100,000
next, and the rest not until future, years, and
no discovery ever be made until the last part of
the fifth hundred thousand dollars has been
embezzled. That I conceive to be very strictly
a part of the business of the Committee on
Military Affairs, and so I move to take up the
resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL, Mr. President, I have
certainly no disposition to antagonize any in-
quiry as to the manner in which this defalca-
tion took place. I am for the investigation.
It is only a question as to how it had best be
made. And certainly no one has any design
of encroaching upon the legitimate functions
of the Committee on Military Affairs; but the
very fact that the Senator from New York
seeks to introduce a resolution in order to get
the Committee on Military Affairs to examine
into this matter goes to show that it is not a
matter which they would necessarily look into;
it is not a matter over which the Committee on
Military Affairs have any jurisdiction whatever.
The Committee on Military Affairs are not or-
ganized for the purpose of examining into the
manner in which the disbursements of the
officers of the Government are made. That is
not one of their duties. They may be charged
with such an investigation, doubtless, if the
Senate think proper to impose it upon them ;
but it is no appropriate duty of theirs to ex-
amine into the manner in which the Treasury
Department keeps its accounts, and into the
manner in which the Paymaster General keeps
his accounts, and to ascertain who is in fault,
if anybody, and as to what defects need to be
remedied by legislation.
But if the Senator from New York will look
at the resolution adopted by this body in the
Thirty-Ninth, Fortieth, and Forty-First Con-
gresses, raising the Committee on Retrench-
ment, which committee existed for nearly six
years, up to the 4th of March last, and during
that time performed great service to the coun-
try, saved to the country hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars by its investigations, he will
find in that resolution this provision among
other things: the Committee on Retrench-
ment is instructed to inquire " what are the
methods of securing accountability in public
officers and agents in the care and disburse-
ment of public money." Now, sir, a com-
mittee charged with the duty of inquiring into
the methods of procuring accountability in
public officers and agents in the care and dis-
bursement of public money would be the
identical committee to inquire into the way in
which the moneys are kept in the Treasury
Department, where within the last week two
defalcations have come to light, one of them
brought to light by a banking association in
the city of Washington. A clerk, an assistant
in the Treasury Department of the United
States, as appears by the public prints, has
been speculating in stocks for years, and his
bankers here in the city of Washington dis-
covered that he was using money in a way
that aroused their suspicions, and they notified
the Treasury of the United States, and in that
way this defalcation and this illegal use of
public money were discovered.
Then here is the other case to which the
Senator from New York has called attention,
the Hodge case. There is also a second case
in the Treasury Department. There has been
a case within a few weeks in the city of Phil-
adelphia in the pension department. There
has been a case within a few months in the city
of New York in the post office department.
We have them in the pension department, in
the pay department, in the post office, and now
in the Treasury of the United States itself.
We had a committee for six years to inquire
" what are the methods of procuring account-
ability in public officers or agents in the care
and disbursement of public money," and when
these defalcations are occurring in these various
departments of the Government one after an-
other, thia committee is the very one to make
this inquiry,and not the Committee on Military
Affairs, unless they should be charged with it.
That would be a very proper committee to do
it. Nobody has more confidence in the head
of that committee than I have. I know he
would discharge his duty, and I know he would
put his foot upon fiaud and corruption as
quickly as any man in this body.
But, sir, we had a committee for six years
for the very purpose of inquiring into the way
in which these accounts are kept under which
it has been possible for such a defalcation to
occur.
Therefore I am opposed to taking up the
resolution of the Senator from New York, with
a view of dividing this business. I would raise
this Committee on Retrenchment, not only
for the reason I have now stated, (because it is
not appropriate, on this motion to take up, to
go into the merits of the question,) but for
other reasons I oppose the motion to take up
the resolution of the Senator from New York,
simply till we can have action upon the ques-
tion of raising a Committee on Retrenchment
that shall take jurisdiction of all these ques-
tions, and I trust provide some way by which
the public cannot thus be plundered hereafter.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I am in favor
of appointing a special committee for the pur-
poses indicated in the proposition before us.
I have no objection, certainly, to investigating
the case proposed to be referred to the Mili-
tary Committee by the Senator from New
York; but at this time, when we have so many
developments of dishonesty in public life, I
think it is the duty of Congress to do every-
thing in its power to correct these abuses, and
see whether it be not possible that legislatiou
can be inaugurated which shall be a security
