2736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
as soon as the counter case under the Wash-
ington treaty is returned from the Printer, if
110 other geutleman does so, I will toove the
printing of extra copies.
Mr. COX. I have a resolution on that sub-
ject that I desire to have referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to give notice on
a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair apprehends
that there can be no question of a higher priv-
ilege than the unfinished business of yesterday
under the operation of the previous question.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to give notice that
on Tuesday next 1 will call up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the House recom-
mitted to the Committee on Commerce the bill
to promote immigration to the United States.
Mr. DAWES. And I desire to give notice
that on the first opportunity I shall endeavor
to get up the tariff bill for consideration, and
shall object to everything that will interfere
with it.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to know
what is the effect of the motion of the gen-
tleman from Michigan, [Mr. Cosoeb.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman made no
piivileged motion.
Mr. CONGER. I merely gave the notice I
did at the request of several gentlemen.
The SPEAKER. That was all well enough.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to call it up for
action as soon as possible.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Wheeler] to
allow me to report a mat-ter from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations and have it referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, where it ought to go immediately.
Mr. WHEELER. I would do so willingly
if 1 had not declined to yield to others.
Mr. J?ARNSWORTH. I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
clsntttal pacific railroad.
The SPEAKER. The regular order hav-
ing been demanded, the House resumes the
consideration of the unfinished business of
yesterday, being House bill No. 1553, relat-
ing to the Central Pacific Railroad Company,
upon which the previous question has been
seconded. The question is, ''Shall the main
question be now put?"
Mr. HOLMAN. I think there will be no
objection to coming to a vote, if the gentle-
man from New Yoik [Mr. Wheeler] will
permit two amendments to be offered, one
fixing the minimum rental for this property
at $50,000 a year, and the other requiring
this company to pay into the Treasury the
$5,000,000 it owes the Government.
Mr. WHEELER. I cannot do that. The
first amendment is now in the original bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it in the substitute?
Mr. WHEELER. Tt, is not.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let it be offered to the
substitute.
Mr. WHEELER. The committee do not
favor that proposition, and I am not at liberty
to accept it. I desire to say to the House that
if the main question is now ordered, the friends
of this measure do not propose to take up any
further time in debate. This measure has
already been discussed day after day, and the
probability is thatanother day's debate would
not change a single vote. We desire to econo-
mize the time ot the House and will not take
up more time for debate.
Mr. COX. Has the main question been
ordered on this bill?
The SPEAKER. It has not; that is the
pending question.
Mr. COX. Is that the regular order?
The SPEAKER. It is; the House is acting
under the operation of the previous question,
which has been seconded.
Mr. KILLINGER. Pending the ordering
the main question, I move thai the bill be laid
on the table, if that motion is in order.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
The question wag taken upon the motion to
lay the bill on the table; and upon a division,
there were—ayes 68, noes 74.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Mr. KILLINGER. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let us' take the vote by
tellers first.
Mr. KILLINGER. We may as Well have
the yeas and nays at once.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, would it
be in order to ask that the proposed amend-
ments be read for information?
The SPEAKER. It is in order to ask it; but
the proposition requires unanimous consent.
Mr. RANDALL. Then 1 ask unanimous
consent that the two amendments suggested
by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
be read.
Mr. WHEELER. I object. We all know
what they are.
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Killihger that the bill be laid on the
table; and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 79, nays 96, not voting 65 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker. Adams, Ambler, Arthur,
Banks, Beatty, Beck, Bel!, Bigby, Biggs, Bingham,
Bird, James (j. Blair, Braxton, Bright, Bufiintoli,
Coburn, Comingo, Cotton, Cox, Crosslaud, Davis,
Du Bose. Eames, ftldredge, Finkelnburg, Furker,
Garfield, Golladly, Griffith, Ualdeman, Hambleton,
Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Hay, Hereford, Herndon,
Hibbard, Holman, Kerr, Kiilmger, King, Lamison,
Lewis, Manson, Marshall, McClelland, McCormick,
Melntyre, McNeely, Monroe, Hosea W. Parker,
hotter, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M.
Rice, William K.Roberts, Shanks. Sherwood, Slater,
John A. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Stevenson, Storm,
Stoughton, Strong. Swann, Terry, Dwight Town-
send, Tyner, Van Trump, Vaughan, Walden, Weils,
Whitthome. Wood, and Young—7a.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames, Averill, Barber, Barnum,
Austin Blair, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Btirdett,
Roderick R. Butler, William T. Clark, Ifreettian
Clarke, Coghlan, Conger, Crocker, Darrall, Dawes,
De Large, Dickey, Duell, Duke, Dunneii, Elliott,
Ely, FarnsWorth, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D. Foster,
Frye, Garrett, Uetz, Harper, George E. Harris, Hays,
John W. Hazelton, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Kel-
ley, Kellogg, Iveteham, Lamport, Lansing, Lynch,
McGrew, McHenry, McJunkin, McKee, Mercur,
Merriam, Mitchell, Moore, Morey.Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Negicy, XibiacI;, Orr, Packard, Packer. Pal-
mer. Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Perce, Aaron E. Perry,
Eli Perry, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Pnndie, Rainey,
Ellis H. Roberts, Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Seeley,
Sheldon, Shoemaker, Sloss, H. Boardman Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Starkweather,
Sutherland, Sypher, Turner, Tiviehell, Upson,
Vooihees, Wakeuian, Waldron, Wallace, Wan en,
Wheeler, Wbiteley, Williams of Indiana, and Wil-
liams ot Sew York—98.
XOT VO'JMXtJ—Messrs. Archer. Barry, Beveridge,
Boles, Jamos Brooke, JBurehard, BenjaminF.Butler,
Caldwell, Campbell, Oarroll, Cobb, Conner, Crebs,
Creely, Critchor, Donnan, Box, Harwell, ChaHes
Fo&ter, Goodrich, Hale, flalsey, Harmer, John T.
liarris, Havens, Hawiey, Gerry W. Hazeiton, Hill,
Kendall, Kinsella, Leach, Lowe, Maynard, JVlc-
Crary, MuKinney, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Morgan, Pendleton, Porter, Price, Ritchie, Robin-
son, Roosevelt, Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions, Shella-
barger, Shober, Slocum, Worthington C. Smith,
Sprague, Stevens, Stowell, St. John, Taffe, Thomas,
Washington Townsend, Tuthill, Waddell, Walls,
Wnlard, Jeremiah M. Wilson. John X. Wilson, and
Winchester—65.
So the motion to lay the bill on the table
was not agreed to.
Daring the roll-call,
Mr. DONNAN said: On this question lam
paired with the gentleman from New Jersey,
Mr. Hai.sey, wiioj if present, would vote
44 no," while I should vote *'ay."
The question then recurred on ordering the
main question.
Mr. KANDALL. Would it not be in order
now to have the amendments of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] read?
The SPEAKER. It would not, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope by general consent
they may be read,
Mr. WHEELER. No object is to be attained
by reading them. I have already stated dis-
tinctly that the sense of the committee is
opposed to them, and I cannot permit them to
be offered.
Mr. HOLMAN. At any rote let the House
know what they are.
Mr. WHEELER. I muafc object to their
being read.
The question being taken on ordering the
main question, there were—ayes 82, noes 68.
Mr. BANKS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 100, tiay8 80, riot vot-
ing 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Barber, Barnum,
George M. Brooks, Buckley, Burdett, Roderick K.
Butler, William T. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Coghlan,
Conger, Crocker, Darrall, Dawes, De Large, Dickey,
Duell, Duke, Bunnell, Elliott, Ely, Farnsworth,
Henry B. Foster, Frye, Garrett, Getz, Hale, Haisey,
Harmer, Harper, George E. Harris, Hays, Gerry
W. Hazel ton, John W. Hazelton, Hoar, Hooper,
Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Ker,chain, Lamison,
Lamport, Lansing, Lynch, McGrevr, McHeury,
McJunkin, Mclvee, Mercur, Merriam, Mitchell,
Moore, Morey, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley,
Niblack, Orr, Packard. Packer, Paltrier. Isaac 0.
Parker, Peck, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Eh Perry,
Peters, Piatt, Poland, Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts,
Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Seeley, Sessions, Sheldon,
Shoemaker,Sloss, H.Boardman Smith, Snapp, Sny-
der, Thomas J. Speer, Starkweather, Stowell, Suth-
erland, Sypher, Taffe, Turner, Twichell, Vuorhees.
Wakeman, Waldron, Wallace, Warren, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, and Williams of
New York—100
NAY'S—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Arthur,
Banks, Beatty, Beck, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, James
G. Blair, Braxton, Bright, Butiinton. Buichard,
Benjamin F. Butler. Coburn. Comingo, Cotton, Cox,
Crossiand, Davis, Donnan, Du Bose, Eames, Eld-
redge, Finkelnburg, Forker, Gaifield, Golladay.
Griffith, Haldeman, Hambleton. Hancock, Hand-
ley, Hay, Herndon, Hibbard. Holman, Kerr. Kil-
linger, King, Lewis, Manson, Marshall, McClelland,
McCormick, McCrary, Mclntyre, McNeely, Mer-
rick, Monroe, Hosea W. Parker, Porter, Randall,
Read, Edward Y. Rice. John M. Rice, Ritchie,
William R. Roberts, Shanks. Sherwood, Slater,
John A. Smith, R. Milton S peer, Stevens, Ste-
venson, Sturm, Stoiighton, Strong, Swarm, Terry,
Dwight Townsend, Tyner. Vail Trump, Vaughan,
Walden, Whitthorne, and Young—80.
NOT VOTIXG—Messrs. Archer, Barry, Bell, Bev-
eiidge, Bigby, Austin Blair, Boles, James Brooks,
Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Cobb, Conner, Crebs,
Creely, Critcher, Box, Farwell, Charles Foster,
Wilder D. Foster, Goodrich. Hanks, John T. Haris,
Havens, Hawley, Hereford, Hill, Kendall. Kinsella,
Leach, Lowe, Maynard, MeKimiey. Benjamin I'1.
Meyers, Morgan, Pendleton, Porter, Price, Prindle,
Robinson, Roosevelt, Sawyer, Seofield. Shella-
barger, Shober, Slocum, Worthington C. Smith,
Sprague, St. John, Thomas, Washington Town-
send, Tuthill. (Jp-on.^ Waddell, Walla. Wells, Wil-
lard, Jeremiah M.Wilson, John T. Wilson. Win-
chester, and Wood—60.
So the previous question was seconded.
During the vote,
Mr. SLOCUM stated that he was paired
with Mr. Winchester, of Kentucky, who if
present would vote in the negative, while he
would vote in the affirmative.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved that the
reading of the names he dispensed with.
There was 110 objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The vote was then announced a? above
recorded.
Mr. WHEELER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the previous question was sec-
onded ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the latter motion.  
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. gobham, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed bills of the follow-
ing titles; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
A bill (S. No. 8-31) to empower C. O. Shep-
ard, chargfi d'affaires at Japan, to draw his
salary as such officer; and
A bill (S. No. 889) for the relief of Joseph
Segar, of "Virginia.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a concurrent resolution
tha.t there be punted twenty-one thousand ad-
ditional copies of the report and proceedings
of the convention of delegates fruin agricul-
tural colleges, State agricultural societies, &o.,
held in the city of Washington on the 15th,
10th, and 17th of February, 1872j and com-
