946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
free acceptance or rejection, which, if accepted by
the convention, shall be obligatory upon the United
States.'* ********
"Third. That five per cent, of the net proceeds
of the lands lying within the said Territory, and
which shall be sold by Congress from and after the
1st day of December next, after deducting all ex-
penses incident to the same, shall be reserved for
making public roads and canals, of which three-
fifths shall be applied to those objects within the
said State under the direction of the Legislature
thereof, and two fifths to the making of a road lead-
ing tothesaid State under the direction of Congress/'
" And provided alwayi. That the five foregoing
provisions, herein offered, are on the conditions
that the convention of the said State shall provido
by an ordinance, irrevocable without the consent
of the United States, that every and each tract of
land sold by the United States, from and after the
1st day of December next, shall be and remain ex-
empt from any tax, laid by order or under any
authority of the State, whether by State, county or
township, or any other purpose whatever, for the
term of five years from and after the day of sale."
On tlie 1st of March, 1817, (see 3 Statutes,
p. 348; 1 Brightley's Digest, p. 639,) the act
was passed for the admission of Mississippi.
On (he 18th of April, 1818, (see 3 Statutes,
p. 428; 1 Brightley's Digest, p. 309,) the act
was passed for the admission of the State of
Illinois.
On the 2d of March, 1819, (see 3 Statutes,
p. 489; 1 Brightley's Digest, p. 27.) the act
was passed for the admission of Alabama.
On the 6th of March, 1820, (3 Statutes, p.
545,) the act was passed for the admission of
Missouri.
Each of these contain the same provisions
as to five per cent, of the sales of public lands
and conditions as to taxation as are contained
in the Ohio and Indiana acts just referred to.
The enabling acts of other States contained
similar provisions; but the foregoing are suf-
ficient for a full understanding of the question
now under consideration. Here, it will be
seen, was a distinct proposition presented by
the Government of the United States for accept-
ance or rejection by each of the States I have
named, that five per cent, of the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands should be set
apart for the specific purposes named in these
acts, upon condition that these States should
bind themselves respectively by an irrevoca-
ble ordinance not to tax such lands for five
years.
This proposition was accepted by these
States; they bound themselves not to tax the
lands as they were required, and thus an agree-
ment or compact was formally entered into;
and in good faith each of these States lia3
kept and performed it. There has never been
any pretense to the contrary. Bach had re-
ceived, prior to 1855, three fifths of this five
per cent, of the proceeds of sales, and they now
claim that the other two fifths of the five per
cent., or in other words two per cent, of the
proceeds of these sales the United States was
bound to expend in constructing roads as pro-
vided for by the respective enabling acts;
that the United States has not done so, and
therefore is liable to pay the same to each
State respectively.
What I have said shows the origin and nature
of these claims, and now the question will be
considered as to their validity as an aid to the
interpretation of the statute in question. The
first question is whose money was this two per
cent, fund ? And there can be but one answer
to it. It was the money of these State. They
gave for it an adequate consideration. The
United States desired to stimulate emigration
and the purchase and settlement of these lands,
and therefore proposed to these States respect-
ively that they should relinquish the right of
taxation for five years, and in consideration
therefor five per cent, of the proceeds of the
sales of the lands should be expended in the
construction of roads, three fifths under the
direction of the Legislatures, and two fifths
under the direction of Congress. As I have
before stated, that proposition was acceptcd by
the States, and the compact or agreement thus
made has been faithfully kept and performed
by them.
Now, it makes no difference by what name
this fund may be called. It is immaterial
whether it is called a trust fund or a reserva-
tion. It is plain that it was for the benefit of
the States respectively. To get the benefit of
it they gave up a valuable right, the right of
taxation for five years.
This two per cent, was not to go into the
general Treasury of the United States. No
provision was ever made to place it there, nor
could any such have been made without a vio-
lation of the agreement, butitwas to be applied
to a particular purpose. Suppose now that it
was not so applied, whose would it be? The
answer must be that equitably, if not legally, it
would belong to these States. The United
States was by the compact to apply it. There-
fore, the United States being intrusted with a
fund to be used for the benefit of each of these
States, was bound faithfully to apply it to the
purposes stipulated for, and on failing to do
so would become equitably bound to pay it to
the States.
Now, the next question is, has the Govern-
ment of the United States discharged this
duty ? There is no pretense that it has, unless
what was done in connection with the Cumber-
land road may be so regarded, and it may be
stated that the only reason ever urged by any
one why this two per cent, should not be paid
to these States is that certain moneys were
expended by the Government in the construc-
tion of that work. It has never been pretended
that the Government ever attempted to dis-
charge this duty or trust unless it was in the
construction of that road. If it was not done
in that way, it never was done. It is necessary,
therefore, to examine whether it was done in
that way.
The question must here be considered
what was necessary to be done by the United
States to constitute a performance of this duty
or trust on her part. To all intents and pur-
poses the United States was a trustee, charged
with the duty of expending this money accord-
ing to the letter and spirit of the agreement;
and what was that? Would any one suppose
that it ever was contemplated that enterprises
should be projected so vast in their extent and
nature that the expenditure of this fund thereon
would be productive of no beneficial results
to the States; that its expenditure thereon
would be its mere waste, and then that the
whole should be abandoned? Was that what
these States contracted for ? Certainly not.
They were contracting for highways, means
of intercommunication between these States
respectively and other States, for highways,
of which the use should be free, and which
would afford facilities for travel and the trans-
portation of commodities. That this is what
was in the minds of the contracting parties
the legislation of Congress and the history of
the period most conclusively prove. Look at
the Ohio enabling act, and see what road was
provided for there. It was a road or roads
"leading from the navigable waters empty-
ing into the Atlantic to the State of Ohio," and
" through the same." Then, as now, the
importance of easy communication between
these interior States and the Atlantic sea-
board was well understood, and that was what
the State of Ohio was contracting for when
she gave up her right to tax land.
The States of Indiana, and Illinois, and Mis-
souri, respectively, stipulated for the construc-
tion of a road or roads to those States. Each
of these States contracted separately, and each
was entitled to have the contract performed
by the United States aocording to its letter and
spirit.
Now, it is safe to assume either of two pro-
positions: if the Government of the United
States undertook to perform the agreement
by using the two per cent, fund alone, then
the work projected must be such in extent as
that the fund would substantially complete it.
In other words, the work must be commen-
surate with the fund. Or if the Government
assumed to perform this stipulation by laying
out a great national highway, to complete
which moneys of the United States were to be
applied in addition to the two per cent, fund,
then she must appropriate money and complete
that work before her contract can be regarded
as performed.
The roads were what these States were enti-
tled to, and the United States was bound in
good faith to so expend the money as that the
States would get them. There was no right
on the part of the United States to waste this
money, or give it away, or to give away the
products, of its expenditure.
The Government ofthe United States selected
a mode in which it would comply with the stip-
ulations with these States, and having selected
it, was bound to substantially carry it out.
Ohio was admitted in 1802. In 1800, and
before either of the other States was admitted,
the Cumberland road project was originated.
(See act of March 29, 180u, 2 United Slates
Statutes, 357.) That act is entitled:
"An act to regulate the laying out and making a
road irom Cumberland, in the State of Maryland, to
the State of Ohio."
The sixth section of this act appropriates
$30,000 to defray the expense of laying out
and making said road and provides that this
sum shall be first paid out of the Ohio two per
cent, fund, and, secondly, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
By an act passed February 14, 1810, (2 Stat-
utes, p. 555,) $60,000 were appropriated to be
expended on this road between Cumberland,
Maryland, and Brownsville, Pennsylvania, to
be paid out of the Ohio two per cent. fund.
By an act passed March 3,1811, (2 Statutes,
p. 061,) there was appropriated the sum of
$50,000 to be expended between Cumberland
and Brownsville, and to be paid out of the two
per cent, fund of Ohio.
By an act passed May 0, 1812, (2 Statutes, p.
730,) the sum of $30,000 was appropriated to
be expended between Cumberland and Browns-
ville, to be paid out of the Ohio two per cent,
fund.
By an act passed February 14,1815, (3 Stat-
utes, p. 206,) the sum of $100,000 was appro-'
priated to be applied on this road between Cum-
berland and Brownsville, to be paid out of tne
Ohio two per cent. fund.
By an act approved April 14, 1818, (3 Stat-
utes, p. 426.) there wasappropriaed $52,984 60
for claims due and uupaid on account of this
road, and $260,000 to meet demands to become
due. These sums were to be paid out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
From time to time, after the admission of
the States of Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri,
provisions were made for continuing the Cum-
berland road westwardly from the Ohio river
to the capital of Missouri, and appropriations
were made, to be replaced out of the two per
cent, funds of these States. All of this show.*
that the construction of this road from Cum-
berland, Maryland, to the capital of Missouri,
as a great national highway, was the mode in
which i.he United States undertook to comply
with the stipulations with these States on'
account of these two per cent, funds. Hav-
ing selected that mode of discharging this
trust, the Government was bound in good
faith to complete it.
This question, as to what was required of
the^ United States in the performance of the
obligations imposed by these enabling acta,
came before Congress in the year 1840, and
also in 1846, when it was being considered
whether or not the construction of the Cum-
berland road should bo abandoned.
In the Senate, in 1840, the Committee on
Roads and Canals, in a report on that subject
propound the following question. I read from
Senate report No. 1G0, first session, Twenty-
Sixth Congress, volume four:
" Is the General Government, bound in good faith,
under the compacts with the States of Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, and Missouri, to complete this work?"
