2738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
Holman. Kerr, Killinger, King, Lamison, Leach,
Lewis, • Manson, Marshall, McClelland. McCrary,
Mclntyre, McNeely, Merrick, Monroe, Moore, Nib-
lack, Hosea W. Parker, Potter, Randall, Read,
Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, William
R. Roberts, Slater, R. Milton Speer, Sprague, Ste-
vens, Stevenson, Storm, Stoughton, Strong, Swann,
Terry, Tyner, Upson, Van Trump, Vaughan, Wal-
den, Wells. Whitthorne, Wood, and Young—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames. Averill, Barber, Barnum,
Bingham, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Burdett,
Roderick R. Butler, William T. Clark, Coghlan,
Conger, Creely, Crocker. Dawes, De Large, Duell,
Bunnell, Elliott, Ely, Farnsworth, Wilder D. Fos-
ter, Frye, GarreW, Goodrich, Halsey, Harmer, Har-
per, George E. Harris, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton,
John W. Hazelton, Hoar. Hooper, Houghton, Kel-
ley, Kellogg, Ketcham, Lamport, Lansing, Lynch,
McGrew, McHenry, McJunkin, Mercur, Merriam,
Mitchell, Morey, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley,
Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker. Peck,
Perce, Eli Perry, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Porter,
Prindle. Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts, Rogers, Rusk,
Sargent, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shoe-
maker, Sloss, II. Boardman Smith, John A.Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Starkweather,
Stowell, Sypher, Taffe, Turner, Twichell, Voorhees,
Wakeman, Waidron, Wallace, Warren, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, and Williams of
New York—94.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barry, Beck, Beverldge,
Austin Blair, Boles, James Brooks, Caldwell, Camp-
boll, Carroll, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Conner, Crebs, ,
Critcher, Darrall, Dickey, Dox, Duke, Eldredge. I
Farweil, Charles Foster, Garfield, Getz, Golladay,
Hale, John T. Harris, Hawley, Hill, Kendall, Kin-
sella, Lowe, Maynard, McCormiek, McKee, Mc-
Kinney, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morgan, Orr, Pen-
dleton, Aaron F. Perry, Price, Robinson, Roosevelt,
Sawyer, Scofield, Shellabarger, Sherwood, Shober,
Slocum, Worthington C. Smith, St. John, Suth-
erland, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Washing-
ton Townsend, Ttethill, Waddell. Walls, Willard,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and
Winchester—62.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
message from the president.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was communicated to the
House by Mr. Horace Porter, his Private
Secretary, who also informed the House that
the President had approved and signed bills
and a joint resolution of the House of the fol-
lowing titles:
An act (H. R. No. 578) to extend the time
for the completion of the military road from
Fort Wilkins, at Copper Harbor, in the State
of Michigan, to Fort Howard, at Green Bay,
in the State of Wisconsin ;
An act (H. R. No. 1180) to extend the time
for filing claims for additional bounty, under
the act of July 28, 1869;
An act (H. R. No. 1238) to remove the
charge of desertion against Daniel Orner, late
private in company H, ninety-first regiment
Pennsylvania volunteersj
An act (H. R. No. 1638) to create the Link-
ton land district, in the State of Oregon ;
An act (H. R. No. 1781) authorizing the
Secretary of War to deliver coudemned ord-
nance to certaiu soldiers' monumental asso-
ciations ;
An act (H. R. No. 1782) in relation to
bounties;
An act (H. R. No. 1862) authorizing the
Secretary of the Interior to make certain
negotiations with the Ute Indians in Colo-
rado ;
An act (H. R. No. 2253) for the relief of
Cathron & Maguire, bankers and brokers of
the city of Rome, Georgia ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No." 108) grant-
ing condemned cannon for the erection of a
soldiers' monument at Mound City, Illinois.
central pacific railroad.
The House resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 1553) relating to the Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company.
The question was upon the first amendment
offered by Mr. Holman to the substitute.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have changed the phrase-
ology of the amendment somewhat, but not so
as to alter its sense.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
In lines twenty to twenty-five of the first section
insert, so that it will read:
And within three months from their appointment
said commissioners, or a majority of them, shall
award such annual sum as rental for the use of said
half of said island as granted by this act as in their
judgment, or in the judgmentof a majority of them,
shall be deemed just and equitable, not less than
$50,000, which amount shall be paid by the said Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company annually thereafter
during the said occupany.
Mr. WHEELER. I prefer the original prop-
osition submitted to tie House, and 1 object
to any modification.
Mr. HOLMAN. It was submitted with the
understanding that the phraseology of the
amendment might be made to correspond with
the phraseology of the section.
The SPEAKER. If an amendment is ad-
mitted and agreed to, and there is any neces-
sity to modify the phraseology of it so as to
make the meaning conspicuous, of course that
is always done, and the enrolling clerk is
allowed to take a liberty of that kind. If the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wheeler]
thinks this amendment, as modified is mate-
rially different from the other, lie has the right
to object. But in the judgment of the Chair
it presents the same question to the House.
Mr. WHEELER. I prefer the amendment
as it was originally presented, and as it was
understood by gentlemen.
Mr. SARGENT. And it was reported from
the Clerk's desk as framed by the gentleman
from Indiana himself.
Mr. HOLMAN. Thereis manifest injustice
in the objection of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Wheeler.] I stated at the time
I offered the amendment that of course I
wished to arrange its phraseology in such a
manner as to make it correspond with the
section; and that is all I now propose to do.
The striking out of the words "before it shall
avail itself of the provisions of this act,"
should be included in the amendment.
Mr. WHEELER. The amendment was care-
fully prepared by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman,] and reported from the Clerk's
desk for the information of the "House. To
change it now will give rise to inquiries all
around me which I cannot answer. I there-
fore prefer that the question shall be taken on
the amendment as originally presented.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
reported as originally presented.
The Clerk read as follows:
After the words "shall be deemed just and equit-
able," in line twenty-three, section one of the substi-
tute, insert the words "not less than $50,000 as an
annual rental."
The question was taken upon agreeing to the
amendment; and upon a division, there were—
ayes 51, noes 69.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BEATTY and Mr. HOLMAN called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas.and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken; and there
were—yeas 86, nays 93, not voting 61; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams. Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Banks, Beatty, Beck, Bigby. Biggs, Bird,
James G. Biair, Braxton, Bright, Bufiinton, Burch-
ard, Coburn, Comingo, Cotton, Oox, Crossland. Davis,
Donnan, Da Bose, Eames, Finkelnburg, Porker,
Henry D. Foster, (jarfield, Getz, ftolladay, Griffith,
Haldeman, Hamoleton, Hancock, Handiey, Hanks,
Havens, Hay, Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard, Holman,
Kerr, Killinger, King. Lamison, Leach, Lewis. Man-
son, Marshall, McClelland, McCormiek, McCrary,
Mclntyre, McNeely, Merrick, Monroe, Niblack,
Potter, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M.
Rice. William R. Roberts, Shanks, Sherwood, Sla-
ter, R. Milton Speer, Sprague, Stevens, Stevenson,
Storm, Stoughton, Strong, Swann, Terry, Tvner,
Upson, Vnn Trump,Vaughan, Walden, Weils, "Whit-
thorne, Wood, and Young—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Barber, Barnum,
George M. Brooks, Buckley, Burdett, Roderick R.
Butler, William T. Clark, Coghlan, Conger, Creely,
Crocker, Darrall, Dawes, De Large, Dulce, Bunnell,
Elliott, Farnsworth. Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garrett,
Goodrich, Halsey. Harmer, Harper, George E. Har-
ris, Hays, Gerry W. HaKelton, John W. Hazelton,
Hoar, Hooper, Houghton,Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcham,
Lamport, Lansing, MeGrew, McHenry, McJunkin,
Mercur, Merriam. Mitchell, Morey. Morphis, Leon-
ard Myers, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C.
Parker, Peck, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Eii Perry,
Peters, Piatt, Poland. Porter, Prindle, Rainey, Ellis
H. Roberta, Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Seeley, Sessions,
Sheldon, Slocum, Sloss, H. Boardman Smith, John
A. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Stark-
weather, Stowoll, Sypher, Taffe, Turner, Twichell,
Voorhees, Wakeman. Waidron, Wallace, Warren,
Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard, Williams of Indiana,
and Williams of New York—93.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barry, Bell, Beveridge,
Bingham, Austin Blair, Boles. James Brooks, Benja-
min F. Butler, Caldwell, Campbell, Can-oil, Freeman
Clarke, Cobb, Conner. Crebs, Critcher, Dickey, Dox,
Duell, Eldredge, Ely, Farwoll, Charles Foster, Hale,
John T. Harris. Hawley, Hill, Kendall, Kinaella,
Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, McKee, McKioney, Benja-
min F. Meyers, Moore, Morgan, Negley, Hosea W.
Parker, Pendleton, Price, Ritchie, Robinson, Roose-
velt, Sawyer, Scofield. Shellabarger, Shober, Shoe-
maker, Worthington C. Smith. St. John.Sutherland,
Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Washington Townsend,
Tuthill, Waddell, Walls, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John
T. Wilson, and Winchester—61.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
on agreeing to the second amendment offered
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hol-
man,] which will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the first section of the substitute
words :
But no provision of this act shall take effect until
the said Central Pacific Railroad Company shall
have paid into the Treasury of the United States
the sums paid by the United States as interest on
the bonds issued by the United States for the bene-
fit of said company, and now remaining unpaid,
namely, the sum of $5,039,215.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
amendment, there-were—ayes 53, noes 69.
Mr. BEATTY and Mr. HOLMAN called
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 79, nays 92, not voting
69 j as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Arthur,
Banks, Beatty, Beck. Biggs, Bird, James G. Biair,
Braxton, Bright, Buffinton, Benjamin F. Butler,
Coburn, Comingo, Cotton, Cox, Davis, Donnan, Du
Bose, Eldredge, Finkelnburg, Worker, Getz, Gol-
laday, Griffith, Haldeman. Hambleton, Hancock,
Handiey, Hanks, Harmer, Hay,Hereford, Herndon,
Hibbard, Holman, Kerr, Killinger. King, Lamison,
Leach, Lewis. Man&on, McUlelland, McCormiek,
McCrary, Mclntyre, McNeely, Mercur, Merrick,
Monroe, Packer, Potter, Randall, Read, Edward
Y. Rice, John M. Rice, William R. Roberts, Sher-
wood, Shoemaker, R. Milton Speer, Sprague, Ste-
vens, Stevenson, Stoughton, Strong, Swann. Terry,
Tyner, Van Trump, Vaughan, Walden, Wells, Whit-
tborne, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Wood, and Young—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Barber, Barnum,
Bingham, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Burchard,
Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, William T. Clark,
Coghlan, Congpr, Creely, Crocker, Darrail, Dawes,
De Large, Dickey, Duke, Dunnell, Eames, Elliott,
Farnsworth, Wilder D.Foster, Frye, Gaifield, Gar-
rett, Goodrich. Hale. Halsey, Harper, George E.
Harris, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John "W. Hazel-
ton, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton. Kelley, Keilogg.
Ketcham, Lamport, Lansing, MeGrew, McHenry,
McJunkin, Merriam, Mitchell, Moore, Morphis,
Packard, Palmer, Peck, Perce, Afiron F. Perry, Eli
Perry, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Prindle, Rainey,
Ellis H. Roberts, Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Seeley,
Sessions, Sheldon. Sloss, H. Boardman Smith, John
A.Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Stark-
weather, Stowell, Sypher, Taue, Turner, Twichell,
Upson, Voorhees, Wakeman, Wallace, Warren,
Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard, Wilhoms of Indiana,
and Williams of New York—92. \
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Barry, Bell, Bev-
eridge, Bigby, Austin Blair, Boles, James Brooks,
Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, freeman Clarke, Cobb,
Conner, Crebs. Critcher, Crossla.nd, Dox, Duell, Ely,
Farweil, Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, John X.
Harris, Havens. Hawley. llili, Kendall, Kinaella,
Lowe, Lynch, Marshall, Maynard, McKce, McKin-
ney, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morey, Morgan, Leonard
Myers, Negley, Niblack, Orr, Hosea W. Parker,
Isaac C. Parker, Pendleton, Pricc, Ritchie, Robin-
son, Roosevelt, Sawyer, Scofield. Shanks, Shella-
barger, Shober, Slater, Slocum, Worthington C.
Smith, Storm,St. Jobn,Sutherland, Thomas, Dwight
Townsend, Washington Townsend, Tuthill, Wad-
dell, Waidron, Walls, John T. Wilson, and Winches-
ter—m
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on agreeing
to the following substitute, offered by Mr.
Wheeler:
Whereas the Central Pacific railroad, the western
link in the chain of railroads connecting the Atlantic
and Pacific oceans, is now completed to Oakland,
opposite San Francisco, and if. is important that the
western terminus of said railroad should be as near as
possible to San Francisco, and should have sufficient
accommodations for the travel and commerce pass-
ing over said rond: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the use of one half of the island of
Yerba Buena, or Goat Island, in the Bay of San
