*4 -* m
-fcO f
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
oem; into the abuses that exist, if
any do exist, and if they do not exist, let us
show it to the country. It is a copy of the
resolution which we adopted three or four
times over in three or four different Con-
gresses, and I suppose it would not be a proper
amendment to a resolution of the Senate to
offer a concurrent resolution. If it would be,
I have no objection at all to the motiun of the
Senator from New York, and I should then
offer my proposition as an amendment. If
the Chair is of opinion that I can offer this
as an amendment, I withdraw any objection to
calling up the resolution of the Senator from
New York. My objection is that if you take
up the motion of the Senator from New York,
and refer the single defalcation of Mr. Hodge
to the Military Committee, you separate that
from the others; and if we are going to have
a committee at all to investigate these defal-
cations, it should have charge of all of them.
I thought it better to act first on this concur-
rent resolution; but if the Senate fails to
adopt it, I shall unite with the Senator from
New York for the specific inquiry he proposes.
Mr. THURMAN. I am entirely with the
Senator from Illinois in wishing to see his
resolution pass. I asked the attention of the
Senate at the last session to the fact that the
joint committee on retrenchment had been
dropped. I was told in reply that somebody
would move a concurrent resolution for its
reappointment, and that it would be appointed
no doubt; and it was suggested that that motion
ought not to be made until the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Patterson,] who had
been chairman of that committee, and was
then temporarily absent, should return. But
nothing was done at that session. I am with
the Senator from Illinois; but what I want to
learn from some of the gentlemen who are
learned in the rules of the Senate (about
which I confess I know nothing) is, why is it
that the Senator from Illinois cannot move his
resolution as an amendment? What differ-
ence does it make that it is a concurrent reso-
lution?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senators about me
say it can be done. Ifthat is the opinion of the
Chair I withdraw any objection to the motion
of the Senator from New York.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the
opinion of the Chair the motion the Senator
from Illinois suggests would be in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I withdraw any
objection, and hope the resolution of the Sen-
ator from New York will be taken up.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I cannot
myself see that there is any conflict between
the resolution offered by the Senator from
New York and that offered by the Senator
from Illinois. Here is a proposition to direct
the Committee on Military Affairs to investi-
gate a particular matter that falls particularly
within the province of that committee. It has
been suggested that there is certainly a want of
proper checks and balances in thtfpay depart-
ment, a part of the military department of this
Government, or this defalcation could not
have existed so long. It occurs to me that that
question falls properly and particularly within
the province of the Military Committee, and
that that committee must now be supposed to
be more familiar with the laws governing the
pay department and other laws regulating the
War Department than a new committee to be
appointed. For that reason it seems to me
that, aside from the merits of the resolution
offered by the Senator from Illinois, it is
proper that this committee should have charge
of this particular investigation, I hope this
investigation will be made, and I hope it will
be made thorough, and that if any means can
be devised by this committee in the form of a
it J Prevei!t t!le recurrence of similar frauds
and defalcations that committee will present
the bill.
Now, in regard to the committee proposed
by the Senator from Illinois, is it to be under-
stood that all investigations of this character
are to be directed to that committee? If so, it
will have a great deal to do, more probably
than it can do. It will have certainly enough
business without this particular investigation.
Therefore, I shall vote for the resolution of the
Senator from New York, not believing there
is any conflict and being in favor substantially
of the proposition of the Senator from Illinois.
If there are to be new checks and balances
devised in the War Department to prevent the
recurrence of similar frauds, it falls properly
within the province of that committee that has
always had charge of business of that character.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I am at a loss to see why the resolution of the
Senator from Illinois should be put in oppo-
sition to that of the Senator from New York.
I have read the resolution of the Senator from
Illinois. Not only is there no conflict between
the resolutions of the respective Senators, but
there is nothing in the provisions of the
resolution of the Senator from Illinois which
would cover Hodge's case. You cannot get
the information or the investigation which
you seek by passing the resolution of the
Senator from Illinois. That resolution pro-
vides that the committee shall "inquire "into
the expenditures in all branches of the
service of the United States and report
whether any and what offices ought to be
abolished"—it does not come under that;
" whether any and what salaries or allowance
ought to be reduced"—it does not come under
that; "what are the methods of procuring
accountability in the public officers or agents
in the care and disbursement of the public
money "—nor under that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. How does it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is the very thing we
want to inquire into.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The very thing
we want to inquire into is how it was that this :
defalcation of Hodge occurred, and what evils
actsially exist that you need to correct. This
resolution would have been proper if no such
defalcation had occurred. You gain nothing
by investigating the particular case, while the
intention of the Senator from New York is
that that specific case, where there has been a
defalcation going on for years, may give us
information and enable us to stop the leaks, if
any exist.
Mr. SCHURZ. May I interrupt the Senator
from New Jersey for a moment?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Certainly.
Mr. SCHURZ. Gentlemen speak as if this
committee had never existed. This commit-
tee existed for about six years, and the meth-
ods followed by the committee arc exactly
those required in this case. The committee
has had power to send for persons and papers,
and to report by bill or otherwise. I was a
member of it, and we always examined jast
such cases, sent for persons and papers, tried
to fathom the frauds, and then inquired into
the methods by which they could be stopped,
and so on. It has been exactly the business
ot the committee.
Mr.FRELINGHUYSEN'. What the prac-
tice ot the committee has been has nothing to
do with the construction of the resolution.
I he i esolution does not, in any manner, re-
quire this committee to investigate what frauds
have taken place, and to baseiheir action upon
the facts and experience of the Departments,
lhe committee may have acted more wiselv
than the resolution provides; but I am speak-
ing ot the resolution. There is nothing in this
resolution frombegiuning to endwhichrequire«
the committee to investigate the case of Hodge
and to report how that defalcation occurred
if ^rybest possible way of discovering the
leaks mthe Ireasury is by the light of experi-
Mr. SCHURZ. Will tho Senator permit
me again to interrupt him ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Certainly.
Mr. SCHURZ. In a great many oases,
resolutions of this kind were referred to the
Committee on Retrenchment, and were then
investigated in just the manner in which the
Senator from New Jersey wants them to be.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. So I understood
the Senator to state before, but not by author-
ity of the resolution. Now, the true plan
doubtless is, if any specific case occurs, to
refer it to the proper committee, to the com-
mittee that has charge of that department; let
the attention of the country be called to that
particular case; and it seems to me that it is
very improper to attempt—that is not the in-
tention, but that is the effect—to cover up this
defalcation by generalizations; by referring it
to a general committee. Here is a specific
fraud. We want it referred to a committee
that has cognizance of that whole subject, and
let the evidence be brought before the country.
If we want further investigation, if a general
committee is necessary, that is an entirely dif-
ferent subject, but it in no manner conflicts
with the propriety of having this specific in-
vestigation.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to discuss
this question, nor to oppose either of these
resolutions, but simply to call the attention
of the Senate to one point. The Senator from
Indiana aud others have alluded to it by say-
ing that the Military Committee, because of
| its name, I suppose, is the proper committee
1 to investigate this question of defalcation. If
1 questions of defalcation are to be investigated
by committees because of their relation to cer-
tain Departments, then those gentlemen are
mistaken, and the Military Committee as a
military committee would not be investigating
military affairs^ if they were to investigate this
defalcation. Why? The defalcation is a proven
fact, and the man is undergoing punishment
for it because that the fact has been judicially
established that he was a defaulter. What,
then, are they to investigate? To investigate
the manner in which these defalcations may
be prevented hereafter. How will you do that,
sir? The Military Committee has ao relation
whatever with the Auditors of the Treasury
Department, or with the Secretary of the
Treasury, or the Treasurer. The paymaster
obtains his money from the Treasurer on
drafts; his accounts are sent to the Auditors
to be audited; and those are the men with
whom the committee would have to deal and
to examine as to the manner in which these
accounts are kept. Hence, if these matters
are to be Referred to committees because of
their relation with the particular thing or the
particular Department, then this subject should
be referred to the Committee on Finance, and
not to the Committee on Military Affairs.
I only desire to call the attention of gentle-
men to the fact that it is a misstatement of the
proposition when they say that the relations
ot the Military Committee with this depart-
ment are such as to make them the proper
committee to investigate this subject. Hence,
m my judgment, you will find, when you come
to these investigations, that the proposition
that the subject should be referred to the Mil-
itary Committee because the man was a mil-
itary man, or that because he was a financial
man, or belonged to the revenue department,
it must go to that particular committee, 13 not
correct. If you propose to guard against
such practices hereafter, by preparing such a
mode of examining and keeping accounts as
shall prevent^ defalcations in tho future, it
should be referred to the committee that is
islated officially with that Department which
examines the accounts, and passes upon the
accounts, in order to make a cheek against
things of this kind. It would commence not
mthe military capacity of this man. In fact, he
H not a military man. He is merely a finan-
cial man of the Army. He has no military
control, no jurisdiction, no authority to order
anybody, no connection with the Army, except
as a mere attach^, as a financial officer. Henco,
