1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1843
into our Treasury millions upon millions of
dollars, and thus relieve us to a great extent
from the heavy burdens of taxation under
which we now suffer; and also believing that
if something be not done, and that speedily,
other countries more far-seeing than we will
snatch the rich prize from us, 1 certainly think
this amendment ought to be adopted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WHITTHORNE. Mr. Chairman,lam
opposed to subsidies, and I am opposed to
ail special legislation. In my representative
capacity I propose to act for the people just
as I would act for myself. Hence I am brought
at the outset to this inquiry: what is the con-
dition of the people of the United States?
What is the amount of the national debt?
What is the amount of debt resting upon the
shoulders of the people as States and muni-
cipalities ? What is the amount of taxation
with which the people of the United States
are now burdened ? Sir, when we recognize
the fact that they are oppressed and over-
burdened with taxation, what is our duty to
the people ? Instead of increasing their bur-
dens, it is our duty to relieve them ; to lift the
weight from their shoulders; to lighten their
labors.
I repeat, that as a Representative I would be
governed by the same principle which controls
me as an individual. As an individual, if I
were in debt I would retrench my expendi-
tures, resolve to live within my means, and be
guilty of no such folly as making gifts or
gratuities. Recognizing that to be my duty, I
ask the Representatives of the people, are you
prepared to enter upon this great line of gratu-
ities or subsidies, embracing, according to the
statement of the gentleman from Kentucky,
seventeen or eighteen different projects, this
being the pioneer—projects to take the people's
money; for what purpose? To enrich the few
and to build up with American tonnage, with
American ships sailing under the American
flag, an American aristocracy! That is the
point to which I invite the attention of the
laboring, the toiling, tax-paying people of the
United States, and it is against a proposition
like that, Mr. Chairman, that I feel it to be my
duty, under any and all circumstances, to cast
my vote. You will find me, not only on this
proposition, but upon all kindred propositions,
in what I believe to be my duty to that people,
setting my face against them.
Now, sir, it is said that we will build up a
splendid Government. When you build up or
erect a splendid Government, in my judg-
ment, Mr. Chairman, that very moment you
build it up at the expense of the liberties of
the people. We are referred to the examples
of older countries. Go and mark the history
of the past. Let that history pass under your
review, and you will find that whenever there
has been erected a splendid and luxurious
Government, that the moment when you write
it3 bright history you write it at the expense
of the laboring people of that country.
It will not do to refer me to the flag of St.
George. Go rather and tell this people to live
humbly, to live simply, to live within their
means, and to build up no favored or special
class within the limits of their Government.
When you do that, you have made your citizens
happy, you have made your citizens prosper-
ous. You have made not a splendid Govern-
ment, but a Government where the people may
live free and enjoy their rights. It is such a
Government that I desire to see in this coun-
try.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Air. SYPHER. Mr. Chairman, this discus-
sion has taken a very wide range. We have
heard much about taxation and tariffs, but
very little about the expansion of American
commerce, which is the object and purpose of
the pending amendment. The subsidy ques-
tion, always so fruitful of discussion in this
House, and which seems to be such a bug-
bear to many members, has stalked in here to-
day like a ghost to frighten the weak-kneed
and narrow-minded.
On this subject I desire to say that I do not
believe the people of this country will condemn
the action of any Representative on this floor
who votes for a proper subsidy to be applied in
the development of our country, whether it be
a direct appropriation from the Treasury or a
grant of land.
When I contemplate the vast railroad en-
terprises, aided by subsidies, which have done
so much to develop our country and distin-
guish us among the progressive nations of
the world, lam unwilling to believe that the
intelligent tax-payers who seem to be so ably
represented in the debate, will disapprove the
action of their Representatives in their efforts
to encourage and expand American commerce.
Reckless extravagance, whether in direct ap-
propriations from the Treasury, or in land-
grant subsidies, will meet, and justly, too, the
disapprobation and condemnation of the peo-
ple ; but the policy of giving national aid to
foster and build up great works of internal im-
provement, and to extend our commerce with
other nations of the world, is both wise and
expedient, and I believe that the people will
so decide.
May we not receive some light upon the
subject under discussion from the policy pur-
sued by other nations? Great Britain has not
acquired the title of " mistress of the seas"
by the narrow policy advocated by the oppon-
ents ot this bill. In 1838 she inaugurated the
policy of subsidizing her great steamship lines,
which she still continues, and by means of
which she has acquired commercial supremacy.
In the five minutes allowed me to debate this
question I can only glance at the application
of this policy to a single line. The great
Cunard line, comprising twenty-four ships,
was established in 1840 from New York to
Cork and Liverpool. This company has re-
ceived from the British Government, since its
establishment, over twenty million dollars in
subsidy, and our Government has paid them
over five million dollars for carrying our mails
alone. Let me ask the opponents of this
measure if it would not have been wiser to
pay this amount to American ship owners,
whose ships had been built in American ship-
yards, and manned upon the sea with Ameri-
can seamen, and carrying the American flag?
England pays over six million dollars, and
Prance over four million dollars annually to
foster and build up their great steamship lines.
What is our country doing for American ship-
ping? Nothing, absolutely nothing, except
the pittance given the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company. What is the result of this short-
sighted policy? Here it is: of the two hun-
dred steamships plying the Atlantic ocean, and
carrying the trade between this country and
Europe, not one unfurls the American flag.
Here is the list. Read it, and then blush for
shame that you ever raised your voice against
your country's flag upon the seas :
1860. Allan line, (British.) twenty steamers, from
Montreal and Quebec to Liverpool.
1860. Allan line. (British,) four steamers, from
Baltimore to Halifax and Liverpool.
1850. Anchor line, (British,) eighteen steamers,
from New York to Londonderry and Glasgow.
1856. Anchor line,(British,) twelve steamers, from
New York to Marseilles, &c.
1871. Baltic Lloyd's, (Herman,) five steamers, from
New York to Copenhagen and Stettin.
1810. Cunard line, (British,) twenty-four steamers,
from New York to Cork and Liverpool.
1865. French line, six steamers, from New York
to Brest and Havre.
1855. Hamburg line, (German,) fifteen steamers,
from New York to Hamburg,
1855. Hamburg lino. (German,) three steamers,
from New Orleans to Havre and Hamburg.
1851. Inrnan line, (British.) sixteen steamers, from
New York to Queenstown and Liverpool.
I860. Liverpool and Great Western, (Guion line,)
ten steamers, from New York to Queenstown and
Liverpool.
1868. Liverpool and Mississippi line, (British,)
six steamers, lrom New Orleans to Liverpool.
1866. Liverpool Southern line, (British,) eight
steamers, from New Orleans to Liverpool.
1866. London and New York line, (British,) four i
steamers, ftom New York to London. I
1860. London line, (British,) four steamers from
Montreal and Quebec to London.
1864. National line, (British,) twelve steamers,
from New i ork to Cork and Liverpool.
1856. North German Lloyd's line, fourteen steam-
Xork t0 Southampton and Bremen.
185o. North German Lloyd's line, four steamers,
from Baltimore to Bremen.
1856. North German Lloyd's line, three steamers,
irom New Orleans to Havre and Bremen.
1871. White Star line,(British,)six steamers,from
New York to Queenstown and Liverpool.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the Pacific Mail Steam-
ship Company, plying between San Francisco
and Japan, has, by means of the small mail
subsidy, been able to keep their ships running.
It is proposed by this amendment to double
the amount of their subsidy and to increase
the service. Shall we deny them this addi-
tional amount and break them down also,
and invite foreign ships to control the com-
merce of the Pacific as they now do that of
the Atlantic, or shall we grant it unhesita-
tingly, and say to this company " Youshall be
protected in bearing the products of our fields,
our shops and our factories to the millions in-
habiting the western shores of the Pacific, and
bringing in return products which are not in-
digenous to our soil?'' Is not this the wise
policy ? I maintain that it is, and if pursued
by this Government will tend to the establish-
ment of a commerce and trade with Japanand
China which will return many millions of
revenue to the Treasury of the United States
and lighten the burdens of the people of our
entire country.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE,
The committee informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a mes-
sage from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsok, ono
of its clerks, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill (S. No. 246) to extend
the letters-patent herelofore issued to Joseph
W. Fowle ; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
The message also announced that the Sen •
ate had passed, without amendment, the bill
(H. R. No. 284) to pay William S. Preston
the sum therein named.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, with an amendment, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
the bill (H. R. No. 555) for the relief of suf-
ferers by the fire at Chicago.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Chairman, no gen-
tleman on this floor regrets more than [ do
the destruction of our flag and our shipping
interest on the ocean. No man would be
more gratified than I would be to see our flag
once more proudly waving upon every sea. I
would vote for any reasonable proposition that
would tend to produce that result. But I
oppose the measure before the committee at
this time for many reasons, the most important
of which I shall briefly state.
In the first place, 1 believe this is entering
upon a system which will be most destructive
to the commeroe of our country, most destruc-
tive to the attempt that is being made to restore
our flag and our shipping interest upon the
ocean. I believe we are starting off in the
wrong direction. It was not the piratical
Alabama and other ships of that kind which
destroyed our commerce, as it has been called,
but which should properly be called our ship-
ping interest; for I say that our commerce,
internal and external, is to-day greater than
it has been at any former period in the his-
tory of the Republic. The commerce of our
country is not in a state of decay, as has been
asserted. It is the shipping interest, the
carrying trade of our country, that has been
destroyed. And how has it been destroyed 'I
Not by the piratical Alabama, as every one
who has looked into the question kuows, but
by the piratical hand of our own Government.
It is the legislation enacted in this Hall which
