1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3635
Erie opposite the harbor of Brie, in the State
of Pennsylvania;
An act (S. No, 877) to create an additional
land district in the State of Kansas ;
An act (S. No, 988) to provide homes for
the Pottawatomie ana absentee Shawnee In'
dians in the Indian territory;
An act (H. R. No. 634) to provide for hold-
ing the United States district court in the city
of Toledo;
An act (0. R. No. 2207) to authorize the
construction of a bridge and to establish the
same as a post road ; and
An act (H. R. No. 2690) defining and limit-
ing the appropriation of certain moneys for the
preservation, issue, and reissue of the securi-
ties of the United States, and for other pur-
poses. JOSEPH DAWSON.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill (EL R. No. 2804) for
the relief of Joseph Dawson ; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay, out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to Joseph Dawson, of Virginia,
the sum of $1,790, which shall be in full of
all claims against the Government, growing
out of expenses incurred on account of a gun-
shot wound, received while in the discharge
of his official duties, while assistant assessor
of internal revenue, in Tazewell county, Vir-
ginia, 18th May, 1867.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BUCKLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
J. T. NEWCOMER.
Mr. BUCKLEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2805) for the
relief of J. T. Newcomer; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to J. T. Newcomer, of Butler county,
Alabama, $150 for a horse, the property of
Newcomer, impressed into the military service
of the United States at Shelbyville, Tennessee,
in the month of November, 1864.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BUCKLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsidcr be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
RICHARD T. MORSELL.
Mr. BUCKLEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2806) for
the relief of Richard T. Morsell, of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Richard T. Morsell, of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia, the sum of $1,372 45
in lull for rent of a lot occupied by the
Government for camp and barrack purposes
from June 1, 1861 to September 1, 1865.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BUCKLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be kid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ROBERT B, WILLIAMSON.
Mr. BUCKLEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R, No. 2807) for
the relief of Robert B. Williamson; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Robert B. Williamson the sum
of $2,817, which shall be in full discharge of
all claim against the United States on ac-
count of property belonging to Williamson,
taken from Fauquier county, Virginia, in the
years 1862 and 1863 for the use of the Army.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, I ask the report
in that case be read.
The Clerk read the report.
Mr. GrARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
the gentleman one question. I did not observe
from the reading of the report that it is alleged
that the wood and other supplies taken from
this man, and for the payment of which this
is a claim, were taken by order of the com-
manding officer. It is only stated that they
were taken and used by the Army.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I will state in answer to
the gentleman from Ohio, that General Duval,
a former member of Congress, certifies that
he was on the farm, and that this property was
taken by his order.
Mr. BANKS. I never knew a soldier to take
even a rail without an order. [Laughter.]
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BUCKLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ROBERT BRIGHAM.
Mr. BUCKLEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 2808)
for the relief of Robert Brigham, late post-
master at Franklin, Pennsylvania.
The bill authorizes and empowers the proper
accounting officer's of the Treasury to allow
to Robert Brigham, late postmaster at Frank-
lin, Pennsylvania, a credit for $2,666 92,
being the amount deposited by him in the
national bank at Venango, and lost by the fail-
ure of said bank.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is there a report in
this case?
Mr, BUCKLEY. There is, but I can state
in a few moments the substance of the report.
This postmaster had permission from the
Post Office Department to deposit in the Ve-
nango National Bank, at that time a depositary
for public moneys, excepting those from cus-
toms. He did so deposit this sum of money ;
the bank failed, and that was the cause of the
loss.
The Department says that there was this
amount, $2,666 93, placed to his credit in that
bank. The committee were of opinion that
he took that diligence and care of this money
that any other prudent man would, and there-
fore they thought he should have this relief.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Has the committee
evidence from the Department that he had
permission to deposit the money in this bank 1
Mr. B UCKLEY. We had positive evidence
of that fact.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was according read the time, and passed.
Mr. BUCKLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THOMAS FOSTER.
Mr. BUCKLEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with a recommendation
that the same do pass, House bill No. 1751,
for the relief of Thomas Foster, a citizen of
Louisiana.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
to be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, appropriates the
sum of $150 to indemnify Thomas Foster, a
citizen of the State of Louisiana, for property
taken by the United States troops in the State
of Louisiana.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, When we hear
a bill read, and it says that BO much money
is paid for property taken by United States
troops, I think some explanation should be
given of it. Of course this is a small sum, only
$150; but nothing is said in the bill as to the
principle involved. There may have been
hundreds of millions of dollars worth of prop-
erty 1 aken by the troops.
Mr, BUCKLEY, this horse was taken by
General Davidson's forces, when making a
raid in that region of country, in order to
mount one of his soldiers whose horse ha4
failed. A receipt for the horse was giyen to
this individual.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time: and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, aud passed.
Mr. BUCKLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and ftlso
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table,
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I hope the gentleman
will withhold that motion for a short time. I
have but, one other bill that I desire the action
of the House noon.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will withdraw tka
motion for five minutes, until half past four
o'clock.
h. MERCHANT AND COltPANT,
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the same committee,
also reported back, with a recommendation
that the same do pass, Senate bill No, 199, for
the relief of L. Merchant & Co.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasui'y to pay L, Merchant & Co.
the sum of $3,700, that being the price at
which their steam-tug A. Neafie was sold by
Colonel Allen, assistant quartermaster, March
2, 1866. _
The bill was ordered to be read* a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BUCKLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. BUCKLEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported adversely upon the following j
and the same were laid upon the table:
A bill (H. R. No. 246) for the relief of
James M. True, late colonel of the sisty-second
regiment of Illinois volunteer infantry;
A bill (H. R. No. 1300) for the relief of
William B. Wilson, for extra services in carry-
ing United States mails;
A bill (H. R. No. 1717) for the relief of
John H. Hooper;
The petition of Andrew Hosmer ;
The petition of Martin D. Packett, asking
to be remunerated for services as recruiting
officer;
The petition of Alice Dryer;
The petition of J. P. Ramberg; and
The petition of Wolfe & Brown.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I ask that leave be given
to the parties in these cases to withdraw their
papers from the files of the House.
No objection was made; and leave was
granted accordingly.
COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND LABOR.
Mr. PERCE. Iask unanimous consent that
the evening session of Monday of week after
