1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2739
Francisco, California, is hereby granted to the Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company, its successors and
assigns, for a terminus for its railroad, to be used
exclusively for railroad purposes; and this grant
shall continue so long as the said premise5* shall be
used by said company, its successors and assign*,
for the purposes above named, and no longer; and
said premises shall be subject to taxation as is
other like property under the laws of the State of
California: Provided, That within one month from
the passage of this act, the President of the United
States shall appoint three commissioners, who shall
be authorized at the expense of the Central Pacific
Railroad Company, alter being duly sworn or af-
firmed faithfully to perform their duties and that
they have no interest in said company, to examine
said island, to hear allegations and proofs, and to
take into account as well any benefits as any injury
which may accrue to the Government of the United
States from the execution of this act; and within
three months from their appointment said commis-
sioners, or a majority of them, shall award such sum
for the use of said half of said island, as granted by
this act, as in their judgment, or in the judgment of
a majority oi them, shall be deemed just ana equita-
ble, which amount, when the award shall have been
approved by the President, shall be paid by said
Central Pacific Railroad Company, before it shall
avail itself of this grant: Provided further, That said
one half of said island shall be selected and desig-
nated within six months from the passage of this act,
by or under the authority ot the President of the
United States: And be it further provided, That this
grant is upon the express condition that the Govern-
ment ot the United States hereby reserves the free
use of the whole of said island for military pur-
poses in time of war, or in anticipation of war,
when deemed necessary by the President of theUni-
ted States.
Skc. 2. That nothing herein contained shall destroy'
or impair any lawful or equitable rights and claims
of'private parties, if such exist, to the said island, or
any part thereof; and the said Central Pacific Rail-
road Company is hereby authorized to locate and
construct its railroad and telegraph line from its
present terminus at Oakland to said island, and there
establish the western terminus of said railroad and
telegraph line: Provided, That this extension shall
be subject to thecharfcer, laws, and conditions which
now govern the construction and existence of the
Central Pacific railroad; but no subsidy of any
nature whatsoever is hereby intended to be or is
given to the said Central Pacific railroad: Pro-
vided further, That said railroad shall reach said
island with its track, and occupy its designated por-
tion thereof, within three years from the time said
company shall be in undisputed possession, free from
adverse claimants: And be it further provided, That
the superstructure upon which the track shall be
placed shall be built upon piers, with spans of not
less than three hundred feet, which piers shall be
reduced to a minimum, and also to the least possible
width consistent with safety, and so placed and
shaped with reference to the channel and direction
of the tides as to offer to them as little obstruction as
possible.
Sec. 3. That if at any time the wants of commerce
or naval communication shall require it, upon the
direction of the President of the United States, the
said Central Pacific Railroad Company shall erect a
draw-bridge over such portion of the channel as
the engineer department of the United States shall
direct.
Sec. 4. That any and all railroad companies shall
have the right to run their cars from the mainland
over the track of the Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany to said island, and thereupon have reasonable
facilities and accommodations for doing business,
under such rules and regulations as shall be pre-
scribed by the said Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany; but caeh company availing itself of this privi-
lege shall first pay to the Central Pacific Railroad
Company a just proportion of the cost of the im-
provements ou said island,and the expenses incurred
in reaching the same from tho mainland; such pro-
portion to be measured and determined by the bene-
fits which said railroad company may derive from
the use of said main track and island; and in case
of any disagreement between any such railroad com-
pany and the said Central Pacific Railroad Company,
as to the amounts to be paid, and as to the use and
occupancy of said track and island, thesame shall be
determined by the Secretary of War, subject to the
approval of thePresidentoftheUnitedStates: Pro-
vided, That the said Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, and any other railroad company availing itself
of the privileges of this act, shall receive and deliver
freight and passengers which shall pass over their
lines of road, or any part thereof, without extra
charge, at one or more points convenient for busi-
ness and travel on the western shore of said bay, and
within the corporate limits of the city of Sau Fran-
cisco : Provided further, Thatthesaid Central Pacific
Railroad Company shall make no charge for wharf-
age for freight or passengers which have passed or
are to pass overtbeirlineof road orany part thereof:
And be it further provided, That Congress reserves
lull power, whenever in its judgment it may be
proper so to do, to authorize by law any other rail-
road company or companies to construct and main-
tain its or their own independent connections with
and use of that part of the island of Yerba Buena,
the use of which is by this act granted, that shall
not be actually occupied for legitimate railroad pur-
poses under law of Congress at the time said subse-
quent legislation may be had; and Congress may at
any time alter, amend, or repeal this act, haying due
regard to the rights and interests of all railroad
companies which may have availed themselves of
the privilege hereby granted.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading 5 and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question being on the passage of the
bill,
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 101, nays86, not yoting
53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Barber, Barnum,
Austin Blair, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Burdett,
Roderick R. Butler, William T. Clark, Coghlan. Con-
ger, Creely, Crocker, Darrall, Dawes, De Large,
Duell, Duke, Dunnell, Elliott, Farnsworth, Henry
D. Foster. Frye, Garrett. Getz, Goodrich, Halsey,
Harmer, Harper, George E, Harris, Hays, Gerry W.
Hazelton, John WMIazelton. Hoar, Hooper, Hough-
ton, Keliey, Kellogg, Ketcham, Lamport, Lansing,
Leach, Lowe, Lynch, McGrew, Mcllenry, McJun-
kin, Mercur, Merriam, Mitchell, Moore, Morey,
Morphis, Leonard Myers, Orr. Packard, Packer,
Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Perce, Aaron F.
Perry, Eli Perry, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Porter,
Prindle, Rainey, Ellis IL Roberts, Rogers, Rusk,
Sargent, Seeley, Sessions, Sheldon, Shoemaker,
Sloss, 11. Boardman Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Thomas
J.Speer.Starkv^eather,Stowell, Sutherland, Sypher,
Tafi'e, Turner, Twiehell, Upson, Voorhees, Wake-
man, W'aldron. Wallace, Warren, Wheeler. White-
ley, Willard, Williams of Indiana, and Williams of
New Yorks—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Arthur,
Banks, Beatty, Beck, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, J aines G.
Blair. Braxton,^Bright, Butiinton, Burchard, Benja-
min F.Butler, Coburn, Cominsro, Cotton, Cox,Cross-
land, Davis, Donnan, Du Bose, Eames, Eldredge,
Finkelnburg, Forker, Wilder D. Foster, Garfield,
Golladay, Griffith, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hancock,
Handley, Hanks, Havens, Hay, Herndon, Hibbard.
Holman, Kerr, Killinger, King, Lamison,; Lewis,
Manson, Maynard, McClelland, McCormick, Mc~
Crary, MoIntyre,MeNeely,Merrick, Monroe, Potter,
Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice,
Ritchie, William R. Roberts, Shanks, Sherwood,
Slater, John A. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Sprague,
Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Stoughton, Strong,
Swann, Terry, Tyner,Van Trump,Vaughan,WaIden,
Wells, Whitthorne, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T.
Wilson, Wood, and Young—86.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Barry, Bell, Bev-
eridge, Bigby, Boles, James Brooks, Caldwell,
Campbell, Carroll, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Conner,
Crebs, Critcher, Dickey, Dox, Ely, Farwell, Charles
Foster, Hale, John T. Harris, Hawley, Hereford,
Hill, Kendall, Kinsella, Marshall, McKee, Mc-
Kinney, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morgan, ]Stegley,
Niblack, Hosea W. Parker, Pendleton, Price, Rob-
inson, Roosevelt, Sawyer, Scofield, Shellabarger,
Shober, Slocum. Worthinglon C. Smith, St. John,
Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Washington Townsend,
Tuthill, Waddell, Walls, and Winchester—53.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. McNEELY stated that hi« colleague
Mr. Crebs, who was absent by leave of the
House 011 account of sickness in his family,
would if present have voted in the negative,
and in the affirmative on all the amendments.
Mr. ELY stated that he was paired with
Mr. Parker, of New Hampshire, who would
have voted a^aiust the bill, while he would
have voted for it.
Mr. NTBLACK stated that he was paired
with Mr. Marshall, of Illinois, and that while
he would have voted in favor of some of the
amendments he was himself generally in favor
of the bill, while Mr. Marshall was opposed
to it.
Mr. BELL stated that he was paired with
Mr. Negley, of Pennsylvania, who would have
voted in the affirmative, while he would have
voted in the negative.
Mr. SHOBER stated that he was paired
with his colleague, Mr. Cobb, who would have
voted in the affirmative, while he would have
voted in the negative.
Mr. PRICE stated that he was paired with
Mr. Townsexd, of Pennsylvania, who would
have voted in the affirmative, while he would
have voted in the negative.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Sawyer, who was friendly
to the bill, was paired with Mr. Morgan, from
Ohio, who was opposed to it.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York, stated that
he was paired with Mr. McKee, of Mississippi,
who would have voted in the affirmative, while
he would have voted in the negative.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. COX. I move to amend the title of
the bill, if it be in order, so as to express the
intent and meaning of the bill.
Mr. WHEELER. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also move that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York asks consent to move an amendment to
the title.
Mr. COX. Have I not the right to the
j floor to make that motion?
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend the title of the bill by striking out the
words relating to the Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, and inserting in lieu thereof'A bill to give a
railroad company over five million dollars of public
i property without consideration."
! Mr. COX. That is the idea.
; Mr. WHEELER. I object, and demand
; the vote on my motion to reconsider and lay
j on the table.
• The motion to reconsider was laid on the
I table.
MESSAGE FKOM THE SENATE,
i A message was received from the Senate, by
I Mr. Gorham, itsSecretary, notifying the House
! that that body had passed a bill (S, No. 765)
, for the relief of the heirs of the late Captain
R. R. Perkins, of the United States Army; in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had adopted the report of the commit-
tee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on a bill (H. R. No. 1866) for
> the relief of Mrs. Frances A. McKinney.
| The message further announced that the
1 Senate had recommitted to the committee of
conference a bill (H. R. No. 1060) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1873, and for other
purposes.
order of business,
j Mr. RANDALL. I demand the regular
■ order of business.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I now desire to
call up th e report from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs in reference to the case of Dr. Houard.
The SPEAKER. Calling for the regular
order of business, the Chair will inform mem-
bers, will not bring up anything in particular.
: Between the various questions presented for
consideration the House must decide.
: PAY OF CONTESTANT.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin, I desire,
. Mr. Speaker, to make a report from the
Committee of Elections for the payment of
David S. Gooding, contestant in the contested-
: election case from the fourth congressional
I district of Indiana. I hope there will be no
! objection to taking up the resolution and act-
iug upon it at once, as he desires to leave the
, city this evening.
; Mr. BEATTY. Is that a privileged question ?
The SPEAKER. It has always been ruled
to be so.
The Clerk read as follows:
i Beiolved, That David S. G-ooding, contestant from
• the fourth congressional district of Indiana, be al-
: lowed the sum of $3,080 out of the contingent fund
of the House, in full for necessary expenses and dis-
; bursements paid out and incurred by him in the
1 prosecution of his claim to have been elected to the
Forty-Second Congress.
J The resolution was adopted.
; Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted ; and also moved that the motion
, to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
j order of business. ; 1
! Mr. BANKS. I desire to make a report
