-J
2740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs on the
case of Dr. Houard.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
order of business. The Committee on Foreign
Affairs are authorized to report at any time in
relation to the case of Dr. Houard. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] who
is chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, is on the floor for a privileged motion,
which would take away the priority of that
order, a motion to suspend the rules for the
House to go into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the tariff bill. And
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] is
on the floor desiring to submit a motion to
suspend the rules for the House to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for the consideration of an appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And I
desire to move that the House now proceed to
the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table.
The SPEAKER. That motion would not
be privileged, as there has been no morning
hour to-day.
Mr. BANKS. I will say to the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means that
we hope to dispose of the resolution in regard
to Dr. Houard in two hours.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Say three hours.
Mr. BANKS. We hope it will not occupy
more than two hours, but the discussion will
not go beyond three hours at any rate.
Mr. RANDALL. The consideration of the
case of Dr. Houard has now been postponed
for eight days, and I hope it will be at once
proceeded with.
Mr. BANKS. I trust the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means will allow us
to go on with that question.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. It is a very import-
ant question, and I trust we will have time to
discuss it.
Mr. NIBLACK. I hope the gentleman
from Massachusetts will allow us to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the fortification bill.
The SPEAKER. The best way in which
the priority of business can be settled is for
the Chair to recognize the gentleman from
Massachusetts on the left of the Chair, [Mr.
Banks;] and the two other gentlemen who
have privileged reports can raise the question
of consideration.
Mr. COBURN. Let me remind the Chair
that the consideration of the homestead bill
has been fixed for this day, to the exclusion
of every other order except reports of the
Committees of Ways and Means and Appro-
priations.
The SPEAKER. The Chair apprehends
that that is true. He had overlooked the
assignment of that order for to-day.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to make a remark
on this question. When the Chair decided
that the Goat Island bill should have prefer-
ence over the case of an American citizen,
who is in jail, with hig feet in chains, he stated
that that bill had higher privilege; and I
understood the Chair to state that the case of
Dr. Houard would come up next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not dis-
tinctly apprehend what the gentleman first
stated. The statement, as it fell upon the ear
of the Chair, was offensive.
Mr. RANDALL. I did not mean to be
offensive.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that
the motion to reconsider was one having the
highest privilege known to the House.
Mr. RANDALL. And the Chair decided,
further, that it cut off the consideration of Dr.
Houard's case, being a motion of higher
privilege.
The SPEAKER. Precisely.
Mr. RANDALL. That is what I meant to
Bay.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman differ
from that ruling of the Chair ?
Mr. RANDALL. No, sir; but I drew the
inference that the Chair stated substantially
that Dr. Houard's case would come next.
And now the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] proposes to intervene the tariff
bill.
The SPEAKER. When the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] rose the Chair
was about to submit to the decision of the
majority of the House what business should
be proceeded with.
Mr. BANKS. That is the proper way of
settling it.
Mr. RANDALL. I shall he quite satisfied
with that.
Mr. BANKS. I propose to submit the re-
port of the committee, and, if possible, I shall
be willing that the House should limit the debate
to two hours.
Mr. RANDALL. I cannot consent to that.
The gentleman knows that the members of the
committee themselves will occupy two hours;
and there are others of us, not members of
the committee, who are very much interested
in the subject. I brought the case to the atten-
tion of the House, and I do not wish to be cut
short in the remarks I desire to submit.
Mr. DAWES. It is perfectly evident that
if the House is to take up at all for considera-
tion the financial measures of the Govern-
ment, they must do it at once.
I understand that behind this there is a prop-
osition to call up the resolution for final ad-
journment. Between the resolution for final
adjournment and all these other questions I
submit to the House the proposition reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means. And
if the House shall decide to lay aside the
questions of finance reported by its commit-
tee..the responsibility will not rest upon the
committee, and they will not feel themselves
under obligations to call the attention of the
House to them.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. We ask only three
hours to discuss the claim of an American
citizen now in jail rotting there, and we are
leaving him there.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. There
are forty million American people interested
in the finance measure, and some of them are
in jail too. [Laughter.]
Mr. L. MYERS. I want-to say to my friend,
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, that this question involves the liberty
of an American citizen, and is of higher privi-
lege than anything that can come from his
committee.
The SPEAKER. The question is not de
batable. The Chair recognizes the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] as upon the
floor. The other gentlemen raise the question
of consideration.
Mr. HAWLEY. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry of the Chair. I desire to
know what will be the effect on the homestead
bill, in my hands, if it does not come up
to - day.
Hie SPEAKER. The bill will not lose its
place at all, and the Chair hopes the gentle-
man will not antagonize it with this measure.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to suggest
to my colleague on the Committee of Ways
and Means that as we are to mept at half past
seven o'clock for the consideration of pension
bills, we can get along but a very little way in
the discussion of the tariff bill if we take it
up now.
Mr. DAWES. If the House will permit me
to make my motion after the reading of the
Journal to-morrow I will withdraw it.
Mr. BANKS. If this question is settled we
will not object.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to any such con-
tracts
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, is recognized by the Chair. I
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and: %
Means and the gentleman from Indiana [Mri *|
Niblack] raise the question of consideration,, |
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw my motion, and j.
give notice that I shall renew it to-morroW' |
immediately after the reading of the Journal. .*
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inform
the gentleman that the question of considera- ;
tion cannot be raised after a question is under
discussion.
Mr. DAWES. It will be in order to move
to suspend the rules to-morrow morning.
The SPEAKER. The difficulty about that
would be that the members of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs have arranged somewhat
as to the discussion, and it will be the duty of
the Chair to recognize that arrangement.
Mr. DAWES. Does not the rule say that
it is in order at any time to move to go into
Committee of the Whole on a revenue bill?
The SPEAKER. It does not say that it is
in order to submit that motion unless the gen-
tleman has the floor; and further, the tariff
bill is made a special order after the morning
hour.
Mr. DAWES. I do not so understand it.
The SPEAKER. That is the impression
of the Chair.
Mr. D 4.WES. I find that the Chair is right.
Mr. BANKS. After we have entered upon
the discussion of this question the gentleman
will have the privilege, if he can get the floor,
of moving to go into Committee of the Whole;
and if the House will not consider the ques-
tion, we have nothing to say.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will then
announce, because it is a fair adjustment as
between the claims to the floor, that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, desires to
proceed now, with the condition that ihe gen-
tleman from Massachusetts may to-morrow, if
the Houard case is not finished, test the sense
of the House on going into Committee of the
Whole on the tariff bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I object, for the reason
that he has not a right to make his motion
before the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. It does not necessarily
follow that he would not have a right to make
the motion. The only difficulty is that if the
House goes into Committee of the Whole
before the morning hour, there is no special
order, and the committee can take up any bill
it chooses.
Mr. RANDALL. We want only three
hours to discuss the Houard case.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. That is all we ask.
Mr. DAWES. It is evident that unless I
settle the question now I shall be unable to
get into Committee of the Whole on the tariff
bill to morrow.
Mr. BANKS. It is not evident.
The SPEAKER. There is but an hour re-
maining of the session of to-day, according to
the usual practice, and gentlemen of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs propose to occupy
two hours. That will bring the vote in the
House to-morrow a little after two o'clock.
Mr. NIBLACK. I think the House had
better let me go on with the fortification bill.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. What
becomes of the special order, the homestead
bill?
The SPEAKER. It cannot be displaced.
If the gentlemen interested in it will waive it
for the present, there is no danger of its not
being reached. The Chair hopes the gentle-
man will not obtrude it now, as there is a
great desire to settle the case from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. COBURN. Let me suggest to the
Chair that it will lose its place if the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] goes on with
his resolution.
The SPEAKER. It will lose its place to
that extent. It is made the special order from
