1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2741
day to day until disposed of, and will ran to the
end of the session unless sooner disposed of.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the House will allow
us to go on with this subject for some little
time.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New Nork. I hope
not to the postponement of the financial busi-
ness of this country.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will for him-
self submit to the House the question of con-
sideration.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 94, noes 46.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. DAWES and Mr. HALE called for the
yeas and nays. ■.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division there
were—ayes 20, noes 106; not one fifth voting
in the affirmative.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. DAWES called for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers ; and there were twenty-six in the affirm-
ative.
So (the affirmative being more than one
fifth of a quorum) tellers were ordered, and
Mr. Dawes and Mr. Banks were appointed.
Mr. COX. Will the Chair allow me to make
a suggestion to save time?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the
impression that it will not save time. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. COX. I think it will.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 27, noes 131.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of
the vote) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House accordingly resolved to proceed
with the consideration of the resolution in
relation to Dr. John Entilio Houard.
alabama claims.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following message
from the President of the United States :
To tlie Souse of Representatives of the United States:
In answer to a resolution of the 22d instant, I
transmit to the House of ^Representatives a report
from the Secretary of State, with the British case
and papers which accompanied it.
U. S. GRANT.
"Washington, April 24, 1872.
Mr. BANKS. I move that this message,
with the accompanying papers, be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, without
being printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
last taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jdk. john jsmilio hodard.
The House then proceeded to the considera-
tion of the following preamble and resolution
reported from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs:
Whereas Dr. John Emilio Houard has, after one
year's imprisonment and trial by a military court-
martial, been convicted of complicity in ail insur-
rection against the Spanish Government in the island
of Cuba, and, upon said conviction, has been trans-
ported to a penal o dony ol Spain for a term of eight
years, from which conviction, sentence, and punish-
ment he appeals for protection to the Government of
the United States ; and whereas it appears, first, that
said Houard was a native-born citizen of the Uni-
ted States; second, that he never renounced his
allegiance as such citizen, but, on the contrary, has
claimed to be, and has been enrolled by the officers
of the Government of the United States as a citizen
of the United States; third, that it is not shown by
any form of proof that he ever became by any act a
subject or citizen of the Government of Spain ; and
whereas it further appears that his trial, sentence,
atld punishment have been in disregard and viola-
tion of his undoubted rights as a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, under the Constitution and laws thereof,
and the treaty of October 27,1795, between the Uni-
ted States and Spain: Therefore,
Beit revolved. That, in the judgment of this House,
the said John Emilio Houard was, and is, a citizen
of the United States by birth and continued and
uninterrupted choice, and, as such, is entitled to all
and every protection from this Government, and,
in the opinion of this House, the President should
promptly demand his unconditional release and
the restoration of his property, which has been
confiscated to the use of the Spanish Government.
Mr. BANKS. In consideration of the gen-
erous kindness of the House, I will trespass
upon its patience but a few minutes. Such
facts as I have to present I will state in ten
minutes, if it is possible to do so.
The gentlemen of the House understand the
nature of the case presented by the memorial
of the friends of Dr. Houard. Extensive
communications have been made by the Sec-
retary of State, as well as limitless discussions
upon this question in the newspapers. W.e
understand the case to be this: Dr. Houard
is a native-born citizen of the United States.
He was born in Philadelphia in 1815, and at
the age of five or six years he removed to
Cuba with his father, a naturalized citizen of
the United States, in 1821 or 1822 In 1826
the father died. Young Houard, who is the
subject of this resolution, returned to Phila-
delphia, his native city, where he was edu-
cated, and where he attained his majority.
He received his medical diploma in that city
from the Jefferson University in 1843, and the
year after, 1844, removed to Cienfuegos, in
Cuba, and was there admitted to the practice
of medicine in that country. His diploma,
given to him by the Spanish Government,
recognizes him as a native of the United
States. There is no evidence that in auy form
whatever Dr. Houard every abjured allegiance
to this country, or made oath of allegiance to
the Spanish Government. He is therefore,
so far as we understand the facts, a native-
born citizen of the United States.
In 1869 he received from the Spanish Gov-
ernment what is called a ctdula, recognizing
him as a resident there, and describing him as
a native of the United States, and another in
1870 of the same character, [n the latter part
of 1868, or early in 1869, as the Secretary of
State informs us, he registered himself before
the consular officers of the United States in the
island of Cuba as an American citizen, and
he repeated this registration in 1870. He was
among those recognized as Americans by the
consular agent who begged of the Government
of the United States that an American ship of
war might be sent to Cuba for the protection
of American citizens.
There is nothing whatever shown in this
case to iudicate an intention or desire on the
part of Dr. Houard to alienate himself from
the United States, to disavow his allegiance,
or to take upon himself the obligations of a
Spanish citizen. In December, 1870, he was
charged with inftdeiicia, as they call it, that
is, unfaithfulness to the Spanish Government.
It appears that some boxes of medicine that
he once had in his possession were found in
the camp of the insurgent Cubans, and he
was charged with having furnished those
medicines to the insurgents, which he denied.
There is no proof thas he did so. Upon trial
by a military court—what the Secretary of
State calls ''an extraordinary tribunal"—he
was, after one year's imprisonment, convicted
and condemned to eight years' imprisonment
in a Spanish penal colony in Morocco, where
he is now at hard labor in the quarries, his
head shaved, his limbs loaded with chains,
working out his sentence as a Spanish sub-
ject and prisoner, being all the while a native-
born American citizen.
He claims that as an American citizen he
has the right to the protection of this Govern-
ment; and we believe that under the treaty of
1795 he is entitled, whatever offense he may
have committed against the Spanish Govern-
ment, to a trial before a court of law in the
same manner as other men—Spaniards, Amer-
icans, or Englishmen—'are tried in time of
peace.
Nov/, sir, we may concede that Dr. Houard
was a domiciled resident of Cuba, although
there is no proof that he went there with the
intention always to remain there, which, ac-
cording to Vattel and other writers upon inter-
national law, is essential to establish the char-
acter of a domiciled resident. On the contrary,
it appears that it was his intention to return to
this country. All his relations with this coun-
try were kept up. His children were educated
here. He in nowise separated himself from
his own country except by a residence in Cuba
for the purpose of practicing his profession as
a doctor of medicine; that residence which is
permitted by all nations, and which in nowise
changes the national character of those who
adopt it, unless accompanied by declarations
and public acts which public law specifies as
necessary to a change of nationality.
He was convicted, as I have stated, of the
charge of injidencia, and is now serving out
his sentence at a penal colony in Morocco.
Mr. Capoti, the witness npon whose testimony
he was convicted, and who testified of his own
knowledge that he was guilty of the charges
made against him, now makes oath in this
country that his testimony was false and with-
out any foundation whatever. He asserts that
his evidence was given in what he describes as
a "panic terror," the fear of being dragged
through the streets by the volunteers, who,
independently of the Spanish and Cuban Gov-
ernments, rule on that island at the present'
moment. So that there is nothing to show
that Dr. Houard is guilty of this charge. On
the contrary, nothing that appears in this case
can be held to prove him guilty of the charge
brought against him.
Now, we claim that in the present condition
of Cuba he had a right under the treaty of 1795
between the United States and Spain to trial
before a court of law in the same manner as
Spanish citizens tried in Spanish courts, or
Americans in the courts of the United States.
The provision of the treaty is as follows :
"Article VII. And it is agreed that the subjects
or citizens of each of the contracting parties, their
vessels or effects, shall not be fiat le to any embargo
or detention on the part of the other for any mili-
tary expedition or other public or private purpose
whatever; and in all cases of seizure, detention,
or arrest for debts contracted or offenses committed
by any citizen or subject of the one party within
the jurisdiction of the other, the same shall be
made and prosecuted by order and authority of
law only, and according to the regular course
of proceedings usual in such cases. The citizens
and subjects of both parties shall be allowed to
employ such advocates, solicitors, notaries, agents,
and factors, as they may judge proper, in all their
affairs, and m all their trials at law in which they
may be concerned before the tribunals of the other
party; and such agents shall have free access to be
present at the proceedings in such causes, and at the
taking of all examinations and evidence which may
be exhibited in the said trials."—Treaty with Spain,
Statutes-at-Large, vol. 8, page 142.
This provision was regarded by the authors
of the treaty as the most important of all its
provisions.
Dr. Houard has had no such trial as this
treaty provides. He has not been convicted
by authority of law. His conviction was by
what the Secretary of State calls "an exlraor-
dinary tribunal," a military court. He was
convicted upon testimony which, by confession
of the witness, was false, forced from him by
fear of personal violence on the part of the
ruthless men who control the government of
the island.
The only defense on the part of the Cuban
Government is contained in the document No.
223, which doubtless gentlemen have seen. It
is a letter of Mr. Lopez Roberts, the Spanish
minister, to Mr. Fish, Secretary of State, re-
ceived February lo of the present year. The
Spanish minister says Dr. Houard has no
right to claim American citizenship. Other
communications from the Spanish ortheCuban
Government say that he is a Spanish subject.
Now, sir, we affirm that an American can-
not become a Spanish subject except by ab-
juration of his obligations to his own Govern-
ment and taking an oath of allegiance to the
Spanish Government. If he has ever done
this, they have the power to show it. _ He can-
not prove a negative except by his denial,
which is positively made, confirmed by all his
