1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
tbe power of the Government for the purpose
of perpetuating party rale, but for the purpose
of carrying out measures that are best for the
interests of the whole people ; and inasmuch
as the party that succeeds to power on certain
measures believes thatthose measures are best
for tbe country, it will naturally call around it
those who sympathize in those views ; but in
carrying them out it should be for the benefit
of the country and not as party measures.
But it seems the public service has fallen
far below this in the city of New York. There,
as in many otherplaces in our country, appoint-
ments to office have become a mere personal
question. Officers are appointed, not because
of their particular qualifications, or fidelity t.o
the Constitution, or ability, or party devotion
even, but to a great extent for personal reasons
and on account of the importunity of some
member, either of the Senate or House of
Representatives. I ask any Senator in har-
mony with the party in power, what are the
usual causes assigned as entitling persons to
office?
Thereare two: one is poverty, misfortune in
business,and bad health; and the other, party
service, and some office is usually sought where
the service is light and the pay large.
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Suhukz]
calls my attention to a part of the testimony
embraced in the document from which I have
been reading, as illustrating how appointments
are made. On page 30, Luther Ilorton testifies
as follows:
"Question. By -whom were you appointed?
"Answer. By Mr. Murphy.
" Question. On whose recommendation ?
"Answer. Well, I guess my own political status
gave me the position.
"Question. Be kind enough to state what that
political status is here in the State.
"Answer. X live in a district where I keep up an
organization for the party. I could hardly tell you
whether there was any recommendation with regard
to my appointment. X know that when ho gave itto
me lie spoke about the position, and I said I would
take such a position this winter. I think he said
that he would put as my backers William A. Dar-
ling and Colonel Cornell. I think they were the
names that were filed away.
"Question. Were they put on at your request, orat
Mr. Murphy's suggestion ?
"Ansxoer. I think he said, 'I will put Mr. Cornell
and William A. Darling down,'
"Question. Do you think it was as a reward for
your political services that you were appointed?
"Answer. I don't think it could be anything else.
I have been an active politician here for a number
of years."
Now, Mr. President, I want this committee
appointed for the purpose of following up the
investigations that have been begun in regard
to the use of patronage. I want a reform, and
a substantial reform, in the civil service. I
have believed, and I still believe, that it would
be a long step toward a reform to pass a law
disconnecting members of Congress from all
appointments. At a former session I intro-
duced a bill to that effect., and if no man was
to be appointed to any office who had obtained
the recommendation of either a member of the
Senate or House for the place, it would, in my
judgment, bring about a very salutary reform-
ation in the civil service. Not only that, but
it would have a salutary effect upon the mem-
bers of Congress, and upon the heads of De-
partments. The independence of members
of Congress, and of the heads of Departments,
cannot be maintained so long as they continue
to put themselves under obligations to each
other in the matter of appointments of friends
to office.
Why, Mr. President, I think it is no unusual
thing, even in this body, for appointments to
be held up until other appointments are made ;
Or at least in former times such things have
occurred. The appointing power has been
given to understand that unless certain other
nominations were made, certain pending ones
might not be confirmed. But, sir, whether or
not this has actually been the condition of
things in any given case, it is liable to be. I
think that it would have been a great relief to
the Departments and to the members of Con-
gress, and would have been highly promotive
of the public service, if a law could have been
enacted forbidding Congressmen to make rec-
ommendations for office; but, the Senate seemed
not disposed to pass such a law.
I do not wish to be understood as denouncing
as corrupt or unfit all the officers of the Gov-
ernment; far from it. Some of the best men
I know, men of the highest integrity, of great
capacity, of intelligence, of education, of
character, of fidelity to the Government, hold
offices in the country^ but while that is true,
many others are appointed from other consid-
erations than fitness.
I think this committee during its former
organization rendered great service to the
country in exposing abuses that had crept
into the public service. I am sure in trying
to correct these abuses we shall have the
cooperation of the Executive. We are noti-
fied in the message of the President that
appointments are often made upon recom-
mendations given without due consideration,
and he even suggests the propriety of holding
the parties recommending responsible for the
character of the persons whom they recom-
mend. If it were practicable the plan might
be excellent.
But it is not simply with regard to abuses in
the use of patronage that I desire this commit-
tee to be continued. I wish it continued to
suggest remedies, if it be possible, against the
robbery of the public by its officials. These
defalcations Lave become too frequent to be
passed over without investigation. Let us
examine into them, and let us examine thor-
oughly ; let us go to the bottom without fear
or favor to any one; and if the abuses do exist,
if the organization in the Treasury Department,
in the pay department, in the customs depart-
ment, or anywhere else, is such as to afford
facilities for robbing the public, let us apply
the proper remedy. If the system is as perfect
as we can make it, if the accusations recently
made in the newspapers of the country as to
the abuse in the use of patronage, particularly
in the city of New York, be untrue, let the
fact be made known. I have heard nothing
in reference to the present collector. The in-
vestigation from which i have read took place
before he was appointed, and I hope he may
bring about all the reforms we desire in his
office. If he has done so, and is administering
the collector's office honestly and faithfully,
let the country know it.
Throughout the land there is an impression
that corruption exists, and that there is great
demoralization in the public service. The
recent exposures showing that the people of
the city of New York have been robbed of
millions of dollars, have awakened a public
sentiment throughout the nation; and how,
Mr. President, was it possible for Tammany
to perpetrate its frauds? Only upoaithis prin-
ciple of partisanship in official position. Do
you suppose that all of the many millions
of which the people of that city have been
lobbed remained in the hands of the robbers?
Do you suppose the persons who were arrested
in the city of New York for robbing that city
have got the many millions of dollars that
they took from the public treasury? They
may have a portion of it, but millions of it, I
doubt not, have gone to perpetuate themselves
in power from year to year. It has been paid
to just such persons as are spoken of in this
report—persons who had political influence.
It has been paid to pack conventions, to carry
elections, and to stuff the ballot-boxes. I
have no doubt millions have gone in that way.
Mr. President, let us separate the Federal
Government from any such use of patronage ;
let us have a higher state of morals among
officials; let us elevate both official integrity
and public virtue by insisting that the public
patronage of the country shall no more be used
for mere selfish and partisan purposes. And
then, sir, we shall purify the Government;
then republican institutions may be continued :
but, unless we can have purity in the adminis-
tration of the Government, in its officers, the
state of things predicted by Mr. Clay, when
he said that the iiepubiie would go down in a
despotism as inexorable as that of Constanti-
nople, must sooner or later come to pass.
Mr. EDMUNDS. .Mr. President. 1 believe
the question is up now, and the last speech of
my friend from Illinois is fully to the point.
I think, however, that my friend misappre-
hends a little what the precise point of discus-
sion here is, after all. I think everybody on
all sides of the Chamber will agree with him in
condemning robbery, peculation, dishonesty,
favoritism, everything that is mean and unholy.
I know the Republicans here will, and I have
no doubt the Democrats will. The point is not
whether it is wise and right to purify every de-
partment of the Government, but what is the
wisest and most effectual method of doing it.
That is the question, and that is all the question.
My honorable friend need not spend time in
reading pieces of this testimony taken in the
city of New York to show that appointments
j to office in the custom-houee at New York can
be improved. He does not need any special
committee, or any joint select committee, to
show that the appointments in the custom-
house in New York and in other custom-
houses can be improved. It is a waste of the
public treasure to enter upon any such inquiry
for such a purpose, because every Senator who
hears me, and every intelligent man in the
country knows and has known for a great many
years that the system of selections for appoint-
ment to subordinate offices—and not very sub-
ordinate either, for I would go up pretiy high,
higher perhaps than my friend would be willing
to go—has not been the system best adapted to
subserve the public interests.
Whether another can be devised is a subject
that the Committee on Retrenchment at the
first session of its existence acted upon, ex-
hausted itself, reported upon ; and it attempted
with all the zeal and ability it possessed then
to persuade Congress to pass the bill regulat-
ing the civil service of the United Slates,
which I had the honor the other day to intro-
duce in the identical language in which the
committee reported it the last time I was on
the committee. But there are difficulties about
this business, as my friend from Illinois knows
perfectly well, difficulties that I hope he and I
and the other members of the Committee on
the Judiciary, to which the bill to which I have
just referred has gone, will be able to over-
come. Where, for instance, are you to drawthe
line (as he speaks of it) between appointing a
man on account of his political status and ap-
pointing a man on account of his want of
political status, or some other reason, is the
difficulty. He has read from the testimony
of Horton as showing a case of grave miscon-
duct on the part of Murphy, and it may have
been—I pronounce no opinion on that—his
statement when asked upon whose recom-
mendation he was appointed to office: "Weil,
1 guess my own political status gave me the
position.1' That is exactly the answer that
might be truthfully made by my friend from
Illinois as to his being m this Chamber at this
moment. It was his political status that made
him a Senator. It tvas not, I suspect, because
he was thought exclusively and solely the only
man in the State of Illinois whose private
character and whose fidelity to the Constitu-
tion was above question, for, as high as we all
place that, and 1 certainly place it as high as
possible, nobody will maintain that Senators
are selected upon that grouud solely.
That is one of the general qualifications
which all men who are called to public trust
ought to possess ; but it is the political status
of every one of us here that has given us tho
places we hold, as persons having bad charge
of carrying on what my friend denominates
party warfare—political influence. That is to
say, we have endeavored to maintain the princi-
ples of action in public affairs that we believe
to be right, and we have endeavored to impress
