1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
949
By Mr. HOAR: The petition of P. L.
Moen and others, of Massachusetts, for civil
service reform, &e.
Also, the petition of Muller Forehand and
others, of Massachusetts, for increase of duty
on imported cigars.
By Mr. STORM: The remonstrance of An-
drew Dolan and 279 others, citizens of the
United States of Irish nativity, residing in
Northampton county, Pennsylvania, protest-
ing against an extension to this country of the
British policy of free trade, which has ruined
Ireland, and praying for increased protection
for all industries that require it; and that in
all changes of the tariff the interests of domes-
tic industry shall be paramount to every other
consideration.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 12, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of the proceedings of Friday
last was read and approved.
tinsley, van 110kn and co., and others.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
lay before the Senate a bill received from the
House of Representatives, which was read
twice on Friday last and laid on the table at
the suggestion of the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Blair,] who desired action upon it. The
bill will be read at length, subject to objection
after its contents shall have been disclosed by
the reading.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read for inform-
ation.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (H. R. No.
847) for the relief of Tinsley, Van Horn &
Co., Glenn, Overall & Clark, and J. N. Hen-
derson & Co., of Louisiana, Missouri.
Mr. BLAIR. This bill passed the House of
Representatives during the last Congress 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the Senator from Missouri whether it had not
better be referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BLAIR. I will state to the Senator
that this bill was reported in the last Congress
by the Committee on Finance in this body._ It
passed the House of Representatives during
the last. Congress, came to the Senate, was
reported favorably by the Finance Committee,
and failed simply for want of time.
Again at this session it has passed the House
of Representatives; and I do not think, after
it has had one examination and has been
approved by the Committee on Finance of this
body, it is necessary to refer it to the com-
mittee again. I will state that these parties
are manufacturers of tobacco who gave their
bond to pay a certain amount of duties upon
it, but the whole material and their factory
were destroyed by fire, and of course the
tobacco never went upon- the market, and they
therefore ask relief from the duties which they
gave their bonds to pay.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have some
recollection of the case, and I have no^doubt
the Committee on Finance will report it back
promptly and the reference will not cause any
delay. The Committee on Finance meet to-
morrow morning. I hope, therefore, the bill
will be referred to the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
referred to the Committee on Finance.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. CARPENTER. I present the petition
of A. O. Wilson, publisher of the Jonesville
City Times, of Jonesville, Wisconsin; also,
the petition of Frank 0. Wisner, of Columbia
county, Wisconsin; also, a petition of Griffin
& Streeter, publishers of the Waterloo Jour-
nal, of Jefferson, Wisconsin; also, the peti-
tion of George Wrizzleworth, publisher of
the Dodgeville Chronicle, all praying a modi-
fication of the postal laws on behalf of country
newspapers.
The memorialists state that it lias grown to
be the habit of such papers to have them
printed on one side in some of the large towns,
and then have them returned and printed on
the other side with the local intelligence neces-
sary for that paper; that by the present law
they are compelled to pay, for the transmis-
sion of these sheets, not the rates of news-
papers, but as they would have to pay by weight
for the transmission of any other merchan-
dise. They therefore ask for a reform of the
postal laws in this particular. I move the
reference of these petitions to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER presented Ihe petition
of William L. Utley, praying to be released
from the payment of a judgment rendered
against him for acts performed by him as an
officer of the volunteer forces during the late
rebellion; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of James Mor-
ris, praying that he be granted a pension ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented a memorial of M. II.
Hunt and A. W. Williams and others, work-
ers in the National Iron Company's furnace,
citizens of De Pere, Wisconsin, remonstrating
against a change in the existing tariff laws
abating or abolishing duties upon such arti-
cles as are successfully produced in this
country; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
A. F. Rindger, of Eaton county, Michigan,
praying for a modification of the postal laws
relative to the transmission of newspapers;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Ho also presented the petition of Samuel
IT. Little, of Wayne, Michigan, praying for
a modification of the postal laws relative to
the transmission of newspapers ; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of the pub-
lishers of the Quincy Times, of Branch county,
Michigan, praying for a modification of the
postal laws relative to the transmission of
newspapers ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CHANDLER. I also present a memo-
rial from citizens of Jackson, Michigan, and
likewise from citizens of Detroit, Michigan,
asking certain changes in our revenue laws;
and I wish to state here that while these gen-
tlemen are of the very highest respectability,
all of them, I differ with them in their views
to a considerable extent. For example, they
desire that "all perquisites and moieties to
officers shall be abolished, as the inevitable
effect of either is to demoralize the service,
corrupt its servants, and even extend its per-
nicious influence to the business community
at large."
Mr. President, I am an humble convert to
moieties. I have given this subject very care-
ful examination for the last fourteen years,
and after careful examination I have made up
my mind deliberately that to grant the prayer
of these petitioners would cost the Treasury
on the northern, northeastern, and noithwest
ern frontiers at least $20,000,000 a year, and
I believe it would cost the Treasury in all the
United States more than fifty million dollars
a year.
Sir, smugglers ad a class are not fools.
They are the sharpest men you can find in the
world perhaps. They resort to every kind of
subterfuge in order to succeed in their business;
and you have to meet them with equal sharp-
ness. The smuggling is chiefly done by under-
valuation, introducing false invoices. A con-
fidential clerk says to himself, " My employer
is making money illegally out of the Govern-
ment ; now, why should I not make a little
money out of my employer?" So he goes to
a detective and says, "Sir, if you will give me
one half your moiety I will tell you where you
can seize $100,000." The detective, of course,
agrees to it at once, with the understanding,
with the actual pledge, that under no circum-
stances shall the real informant be known. It
is this moiety that insures detection. Take
away the moiety, and your officer will perform
his duties in his office, but the sleepless vigil-
ance that is now necessary, and always will
be, will be done away with.
When the millennium comes, I have no dpnbt
that we shall be able to avoid a great deal •
that is nownecessary; but the millennium has
not yet arrived. When the millennium comes
there will be no smugglers, and consequently
! no use for detcctives; but until the millennium
i does come, it will be necessary to watch and
! to be vigilant in order to prevent frauds every-
S where.
j| Then, again, these parties ask for the aboli-
tion of seizures. I will venture to say that
' take all over the United States and out of
every hundred cases of seizure ninety-nine
of the parties have been guilty. I have no
doubt that these laws may be modified, and
that they ought to be modified, but that they
ought to be abolished, I do not and cannot
believe.
I move the reference of these petitions to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Minnesota, praying a modification of
the laws and regulations affecting and govern-
ing appointments to and removals from public
offices, the salaries, perquisites, and moieties
of public officers, and the seizures of private
books and papers; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of Moses H.
Sydenham, of Kearney county, Nebraska,
praying an amendment to section one hundred
i and sixty-two of the bill for the revision and
' consolidation of the statutes relating to the
Post Office Department; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
He also presented the petition of John M.
Thomson, of Minnesota, praying an amend-
ment to section one hundred and sixty-two of
the bill for the revision and consolidation of
the statutes relating to the Post Office Depart-
ment ; which was referred to the Sommittee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. PRATT. I present the petition of Cicero
Sims, a citizen of Clinton county. Indiana,
who describes himself as the guardian of the
person and estate of the minor heir and son
of Joseph Hutchinson, deceased. The prayer
of the petitioner is that Congress will pass a bill
for the relief of his ward, granting liita a pen-
sion at the rate of eight dollars a mouth, com-
mencing at the time of his mother's marriage,
and extending to the time when he will be
sixteen years of age. This petition is accom-
panied by sundry papers, and I move their
reference, with the petition, to the Committee
on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I also present a petition of
sundry citizens of Fort Wayne, in the State
of Indiana. They describe themselves as
journeymen cigar-makers and as manufac-
turers of cigars; and they pray Congress for
an increase of the tariff on imported cigars to
the extent of at least three dollars a pound
and fifty percent .advalorem. Theymaketbis
statement: "the increasing value of paper
currency and high price of domestic tobacco,
and the internal revenue taxes ott domestic
cigars, have brought foreign cigars into dan-
gerous competition with the industry of manu-
facturing cigars in the United States." I
move the reference of this petition to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RICE presented the memorial of the
board of trustees of the Industrial University
of the State of Arkansas, praying that collcge
