54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
those opinions upon our fellow-citizens, and
having convinced them or assisted in convin-
cing them that a particular course of policy is
the true one, then they take us or our prede-
cessors or our successors from among the body
of their partisans, as they are called, to repre-
sent those principles. Does my friend from
Illinois oppose that ? If so, he ought to resign
to-morrow and ask the Governor of Illinois to
appoint a Democrat, or an ultra Republican,
or something that he is not, to the place that
he fills, because he is holding office upon false
principles. Why, Mr. President, that is absurd.
My friend knows it as well as I do. And so he
said that in a general and abstract way he did
not object to certain persons being appointed
upon the idea that they had been politicians,
upon the idea that they fraternized wilh certain
other persons in the country with a view to a
certain policy.
Well, sir, how far are you to go? There is
the practical question. You are certainly to
go through the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, I take it we should all agree. We
do not want to be turned out and have our
political adversaries put in, in order to purify
the Government for our sakes. If you are to
go into the Departments, would you, Mr. Presi-
dent, or would my friend from Illinois who
wishes to return to specie payments, desire to
depose a Secretary of the Treasury, who was
in favor of returning to specie payment, and
put in a man who was opposed to it, upon the
ground that you must be perfectly impartial
in the selection of public agents, must not
inquire which side of a political question a
man is on in order to know whether he is a fit
man to execute the purposes of the Govern-
ment in carrying out its policy? By no means.
And so you may run through the Department
of the Treasury down a good way—I do not
undertake now to say where, for I am as
much in difficulty about that as my friend is ;
I wish to be abstract about that; you may run
down a great way before you will be perfectly
safe in saying, in advance of experiment, the
Government can be carried on upon a partic-
ular policy or principle without reposing trust
to carry on the Government upon that policy
and principle in the hands of the men who
are in favor of it from their hearts, instead of
those who are against it or are indifferent to it.
But, as I said, I think we have miscon-
ceived the issue here a little. The point is
not whether we are to have a civil service
reform—which is a subject referred to my
friend's own committee, where, I trust, it will
meet prompt and favorable action—but the
point simply is whether we are to have a par-
ticular committee raised, which the Senate at
the last session decided there was no occasion
for,_ or whether we are to proceed with the
duties of investigation that belong to this
body according to the ordinary course of re-
quiring each committee charged with a par-
ticular branch of the public service to make
inquiries into that. That is all there is to it,
and I was sorry to hear the honorable Senator
from Illinois, in making this fine speech of
his, go out of his way upon this little question
to assail the conduct of the Secretary of the
Treasury in the management of his branch
of public affairs, and to have the country un-
derstand as a cause of grave offense on
the part of that official, that he had kept
$100,000,000 in the T reasury. It was a
little out of place, Mr. President, I submit
to you and to him, to complain of a man
keeping money in the Treasury at the same
time thatyou are trying to raise a committee
to keep it from going out of the Treasury.
What has the propriety of the policy of the
Secretary of the Treasury, in undertaking to
bring legal tenders into some decent kinship
to coin, to do with the question of whether we
shall have a select committee to investigate
into the administration of affairs touching
peculation or defalcation? Nothing at all.
It was therefore entirely gratuitous on the
part of the honorable Senator from Illinois to
bring in, in this left-handed way, a criticism
on the conduct of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to go to the country, when that subject is
not open to debate, and when it would be out
of place to go into a debate upon it—a criti-
cism upon his conduct in undertaking, as a
private banker would, to hold resources enough
in his own hands to show that he had some
hope and expectation of meeting his liabilities.
If I may say a word in reply on a question
that is out of the way, I will say that, instead
of a loss of interest to the people in holding
that money, in my opinion it has been worth
to them m the way of interest saved, aud in
the reduction of the inflation of currency to a
gold standard, more than twenty per cent, per
annum, and I think a discussion of that sub-
ject would entirely satisfy everybody, even my
friend from Illinois, of that fact. But that is
entirely apart from this consideration.
Another thing I was a little sorry for, and
that was to hear my friend boldly assert, and
in terms, that the President of the United
States in his message had said that the civil
service of the United States was demoralized.
That is the language which he imputed to the
President of the United States. I have read
that message with some care and a great deal
of satisfaction. I find no such clause in it.
The President of the United States has said
in his message, to his honor, that the public
service of the United States in respect to
appointments to office could be improved,
lie hass hown, by his return of the manage-
ment of affairs during the period of his admin-
istration, that instead of the public service in
his hands being demoralized it has become
moralized from the condition of demoraliza-
tion in which he found it at the expiration of
the term of Mr. Johnson. He has expelled
peculators and defrauding officers from the
service, and he has done it as quickly and as
readily whenever he has found people who
have been appointed by himself as he has in
respect to officers who were appointed by
others.
And let me tell my honorable friend from
Illinois that the condition in the improvement
of the civil affairs of this Government, indeed
all its affairs, beginning from the 4 th of March,
1869, and coming down to this time, com-
pared with the three years preceding that, is
immeasurably to the advantage of the people
of the United States. There is hardly any
comparison between the efficiency and fidelity
of the public sen-ice for the last three years
and its inefficiency and infidelity from the time
succeeding the death of Mr. Lincoln to the
expiration of the term of office of the prede-
cessor of the present incumbent; and no com-
mittee knows that better than the honorable
gentlemen Avho last composed the Committee
on Retrenchment; nobody knows it better than
the honorable Senator from Illinois, if he will
take the pains to inform himself of some of
the light strokes in this picture of public affairs,
instead of looking for all the dark places he
can find.
Why, Mr. President, take this very custom-
house at New York, which, I admit, is in a
locality so festering with corruption on all sides,
so filled up with that element of population
which makes politics a mere game and a fraud
almost, that it is a wonder we get any revenue
at all there; and yet the records ot the Treasury
Department will show, compared with previous
years and previous Administrations, that even
this much-abused Mr. Thomas Murphy has
been far more efficient and successful in col-
lecting the revenue than any of his. predeces-
sors ; and yet my friend, instead of stating that
fact, hunts through this stock of testimony,
where there was no cross-examination, where
the other party was not heard, and finds a fel-
low who says that he was appointed to office
on account of his political status.
Mr. PATTERSON. The Senator will allow
me to say that both parties were heard. If he
will read the testimony all through he will find
that the testimony given by Mr. Bixby. which
was quoted, was replied to by other witnesses.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am much_ obliged to
my friend for the suggestion. When I said
that the examination was ex parte I did not
intend it in any sense as reflecting on the com-
mittee, because they could not go into trials.
I only meant that while the witness was telling
his story there was no man to face him, as in a
court of justice, cross-examine him, and find
out exactly what he did know and how he
knew it; but afterward, of course, the commit-
tee, in the performance of its duty, would en-
deavor to seek information to see whether
these different statements were well founded or
not, and I learn from what my friend from
New Hampshire says that in taking this evi-
dence they did find that many of the state-
ments of men of this character were not borne
out by the statements of others.
Mr. PATTERSON. Allow me to interrupt
the Senator once more. Testimony was got.
from Mr. Bixby, and also from Horton, in
respect to Mr. Leet and others. The com-
mittee had Mr. Leet before them, and he
denied many of the statements which had
been made by Horton and Bixby.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to appeal to
the Senator from Vermont. There is no prob-
ability of this debate closing to day. There
are a number of executive nominations on the
table, as well as reports from committees
already made, and I hope ho will give way to
a motion for an executive session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will in a moment; but
I wish to say one word more before I gne
way.
Jt seems that Mr. Bixby was the chief wit-
ness relied upon by the honorable Senator from
Illinois to show that there was one man in this
Government who was not exactly what he ought
to be. This Mr. Bixby, if he is the same man
I mean, is an old acquaintance of the Commit-
tee on Retrenchment. We found him carry-
ing on operations under Mr. Smythe in 1806
and 1867. I do not remember all the functions
he filled, but the chief one was to sell offices
and cartage aud bea general broker for sundry
people who were speculating aud peculaling
in public affairs there in the time of Mr. John-
son. I do not think his character has very
largely improved since 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Who is that?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Bixby.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not read Bixby's
testimony.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from New
Hampshire said you did. That is all I know
about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I read from Horton
and from Dodge.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Illinois
says he did not call Bixby.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not recollect
whether I read anything at all from him or
not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not very material.
Mr. Bixby's statement would not add, to any-
body that knows him, very largely to its cred-
ibility.
Mr. PATTERSON. On page 21 Mr. Bixby
was called, and the examination of Mr. Bixby
ran on till Mr. A. T. Stewart was examined.
1 understood the Senator from Illinois to quote
from his testimony on page 24.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall yield to my friend
from Minnesota to make the motion he has
indicated, as I shall not finish to-night, and if
it were not so late, with the permission of the
Senate, I should ask the Secretary to read the
very interesting and lucid and short report of
tnis_ very committee, summing up this whole
testimony, in which the committee itself shows
that while abuses of this character have from
time to time in special instances run through
the administration of affairs in the city of New
York, much more so in former times, they
express entire confidence and satisfaction at
