950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
scrip due the State in aid of the university be
issued; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. AMES presented the petition of J. N.
S. Bishop, of Mississippi, praying an amend-
ment to section one hundred and sixty-two of
the bill for the revision and consolidation of
the statutes relating to the Post Office Depart-
ment ; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
William T. Davis, praying to be indemnified
for spoliations committed by the French prior
to the year 1801; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented two petitions of surviv-
ing soldiers of the wars of 1812 and 1861,
praying a pension to all soldiers of 1812 and
their widows; an equalization of bounties to
soldiers of 1861 ; an allowance of back pen-
sion to the time of wound or disability; a land
warrant of one hundred and sixty acres of
land to every soldier of 1861; and the estab-
lishment of a soldiers' commission; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
Samuel Lowery and other colored citizens of
Nashville, Tennessee, assembled in mass meet-
ing on the 6th of February, 1872, praying the
passage of the supplementary civil rights bill.
As that is already on the Calendar, and I pre-
sume will be before the Senate very speedily
in other forms, I move that the petition lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 also present a petition
from Philadelphia, numerously signed, in
which the petitioners declare their desire for
a general disarmament throughout the world
and the substitution of arbitration in the settle-
ment of difficulties, and believing "that the
war provisions of our Government stand in
the way, and that we cannot delegate to others
that which is wrong for ourselves, respectfully
petition for the repeal of the war clauses of
the Constitution.As this concerns in its
prayer an amendment to the Constitution, I
move its reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the committee
has acted on that subject and reported back
such a petition asking to be discharged from
its further consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. I would remind my friend
that this petition is very numerously signed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have had the subject
before us, and my recollection is that at the
last meeting of the committee we asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of
the subject.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish simply to secure a
hearing for a very large number of persons.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The committee has
heard it. I have no objection to its being
referred, however. If the Senator thinks it
advisable, perhaps he had better bring it before
the Senate as he does what he calls the supple-
mentary civil rights bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to interfere
with the desires of the Senator.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois objects to the reference, and under
the twenty-fourth rule the question must be
submitted to the Senate by vote.,
Mr. SUMNER. What destination will the
Senator give to it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it lie on the table,
I suppose.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it lie on the table,
then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition
will lie on the table.
Mr. WINDOM presented the petition of J.
H. Bakerand others, late soldiers and sailors
of the United States Army and Navy, request-
ing Congress so to modify the homestead law
of 20th of May, 1862, and the acts amendatory
thereof, that the time which the soldier or sailor
served in the Army or Navy of the United States
during the war of the rebellion, after two years'
actual residence upon his homestead, may be
deducted from the term of five years' resi-
dence which the act now requires before he can
acquire title thereto; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
He also presented the petition of A. F. Thomp-
son and others, late soldiers of the United States
Army, praying that the homestead law be so
amended that the time which the soldier or
sailor served in the Army, after two years'
actual residence upon his homestead, may be
deducted from the term of five years' residence;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CALDWELL presented a petition of
citizens of Pennsylvania, late soldiers and
sailors in the United States Army and Navy,
praying that a bounty of $8 33^ a month be
granted to all honorably discharged soldiers
and sailors for the entire time served, and that
the twenty-fifth section of the act of July 15,
1870, be amended so as to permit soldiers or
sailors to enter the amount of land therein
allowed without the requirements of settle-
ment and cultivation ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented the memorial of William
H. Morgan, a publisher of Osage City, Kan-
sas, praying an amendment to section one hun-
dred and sixty-two of the bill for the revision
of the postal laws ; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of J.
O. Walker, publisher of the Bloomfield Demo-
crat, of Davis county, Iowa, praying a modi-
fication of the postal laws relative to the trans-
mission of newspapers; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented the
petition of J. G. Parkhurst and othex-s, citi-
zens of Coldwater, Michigan, late soldiers of
the United States Army, praying that the
homestead law be so amended that the time
which the soldier or sailor served in the Army,
after two years' aotual residence upon his
homestead, may be deducted from the term
of five years' residence; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, presented the
petition of Charles Pratt and Daniel A. Dodge,
praying indemnification for the destruction of
the merchant ship Finland, of New York, by
persons in the naval service of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL presented a memorial of
citizens of Illinois, protesting against a tariff
for protection, and recommending that Con-
gress take into consideration the subject of
raising the necessary revenue by direct tax-
ation ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. KELLOGG. I present a petition sim-
ilar to many petitions presented during the
last eight or ten days of th"e session. 'This is
signed by all the principal merchants of the
city of New Orleans. They ask for reform-
ation in the matter of appointments to and
removals from office, and in the distribution
of fines, penalties, and forfeitures paid to offi-
cers of customs. I listened with some atten-
tion to what my friend from Michigan, the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce,
said in regard to the laws relative to the dis-
position of fines and penalties, and I concur
in much that he said; but he certainly caa-
net deny that the law which authorizes on a
mere declaration of belief the seizure of all
the books of a mercantile firm, arbitrarily to
be taken from their custody and placed before
a commissioner and subjected to examination
beyond their supervision and control, works
an injustice and a most grievous hardship to
the mercantile community. In that respect I
suppose my friend will concede the law should
be materially altered. I move that this petition
he referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG presented a memorial,
signed by the principal rice merchants of New
Orleans, protesting against the removal of the
duty on rice; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. CAMERON presented the remonstrance
of Michael Tracey and one hundred and forty-
six other workers in Bioom Furnace, ofBlooms-
burg, Columbia county, Pennsylvania, praying
a repeal of the duties upon tea, coffee, and
other articles of necessity, and for such an
adjustment of the tariff duties as will protect
home industry; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of the Sol-
diers' Union No. 6, of Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for themselves and colleagues
in service, who served during the entire war,
the same bounties as were paid to soldiers
enlisting in 1864; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, late soldiers of the Army of the
United States, praying that a bounty of $8 33J
a mouth be granted to all honorably discharged
soldiers and sailors for the entire time served,
and an amendment to the twenty-fifth section
of the act approved July 15, 1870, so as to
permit soldiers or sailors to enter the amount
of land therein allowed without the require-
ments of settlement and cultivation; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying that a pension be granted
to Harriet Mattis, widow of Isaac E. Mattis, a
soldier in the late war; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, asking Congress to
provide a more commodious place for the post
office in Harrisburg; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
He also presented a memorial of State offi-
cials of Pennsylvania resident at Harrisburg,
asking that fitter buildings be provided for a
post office at that place; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
He also presented a memorial of the mem-
bers of the Pennsylvania Legislature, asking
for a more proper and commodious post office
building at Harrisburg, Pennsylvania; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
Mr. CAMERON. I also present five peti-
tions from citizens of Harrisburg, Pennsyl-
vania, who complain that the Government has
never erected any buildings for a post office
and other public houses in that town. They
say that they have a population of some twenty-
four or twenty-six thousand people. The
Government now rents a building entirely un-
fitted for public uses. They say they have
three or four district courts in the State with
not a single court-house erected by the United
States in the entire State of Pennsylvania. I
hope the committee of which my friend and
neighbor from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] is
chairman will provide a place where the pub-
lic records can be safe, and where the public
duties can be properly performed. I move
the reference of these petitions to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the memorial of
F. B. Didier, of Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire, guardian and heir of Thomas Tenant,
deceased, late of Baltimore, Maryland, pray-
ing indemnity for spoliations committed by
the French between the years 1793 and 1801;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Air. CARPENTER presented the petition
of D. J. Powers, of Chicago, Illinois, praying
that he may be relieved from the forfeiture
created by the non-payment of the final fee on
an invention of grain drills, and that the Com-
missioner of Patents be authorized to issue to
him a patent for his invention for the term
