1872.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Political Disabilities—Mr. Morrill.
Senate.
bull,] that it was treated as not announcing
a.ny new dootiine, it was treated as not enact-
ing anything, but simply declaring what the
law was.
Now, I will answer my honorable friend from
Kansas, [Mr, Pomeroy,] for whom I have the
greatest respect; and I am not at all displeased
that he puts the question. I will tell him why
it wag necessary to announce it in the public
laws of the land, and possibly put it into the
Constitution of the United States. It will be
recollected that although this "was prior to the
fourteenth amendment, it was subsequent to
the thirteenth amendment. What was the thir-
teenth amendment? The thirteenth amend-
ment is the great anti-slavery amendment.
The thirteenth amendment declares that here-
after slavery in this country shall not exist.
What was the effect of that? The effect of
that was to bring to their feet four million
slaves.. What was the effect of that on them?
Did it make them citizens, or did it make
them subjects? Were they freedmen, as it
was contended, or were they freemen? It was
said by a great party in this country, and by
many very eminent men on the floor of the
Senate, that they were simply freedmen ; that
they were not freemen; that they were not
citizens in any sense.
They were left in a subordiate condition.
Many men for whom I entertain the pro-
foundest respect, evidently so believed, cer-
tainly so argued. Hence the necessity of some
declaration on this subject; not the necessity
for a declaration 111 the act of 1806, that those
who had been citizens at the organization of
the Government of the United States in anv of
the States were not citizens of the United
States; but here was an exceptional case ; here
was a case where a class of persons who had
been ignored by the Constitution of the United
States and left without the privileges of citi-
zenship, had now been brought into the great
family of citizenship in the States. Now, sir,
I think you will see why it became necessary
that a declaration should be made broad enough
to cover this new class of citizens as it was con-
tended. And hence it will be seen that the
old doctrine that all born within the United
States were necessarily, by that birth, citizens,
did not apply to these people simply because
they were in a state of disability. They were
disabled ; but now by the thirteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution this disability having
been removed, it only remained that we should
declare the effect of the removal of the disabil-
ity; and it is entirely in harmony with the gen-
eral doctrine because they were born in the
limits and subject to the jurisdiction of the
United States.
Mr. President, I think, then, it may be
assumed to be a well-settled principle of
American law that every person born within
its limits and subject to its jurisdiction is
necessarily a citizen of the United States.
That applies, of course, as wellto naturalized
citizens. Ifitwerenotso, see what an extraor-
dinary state of things must have existed at the
adoption of the Constitution. O11 the adop-
tion of the Constitution of the United States,
according to the argument to which I have
adverted, the effect would be this: that the
citizens belonging to the States who organized
this Government were not citizens of the
United States; but that the foreigner, the
alien who came here and who was naturalized
by the Government of the United States,
would be the only citizen of the United States;
all the rest would be only citizens of States.
That could not be so; nobody ever under-
stood it to be so ; and it is most extraordinary
to me, with this history of opinion and facts
before us, that anybody should have conceived
the idea that an amendment to the Constitu-
tion announcing general United States citizen-
ship and State cii izenship could be regarded us
a substantive power in the Constitution giving
authority of legislation.
If I am right, Mr. President, you "will see
that the sources of power, so far as they relate
to these two amendments and to these two
particulars, are no such sources at all; that
the civil rights bill was conceived in a different
principle altogether; that it rests upon the
general proposition of citizenship recognized
in the beginning, inherent in the nature of
things that inheres in our institutions ; and
that it was suggested by an occasion, by the
thirteenth amendment, which made it neces-
sary because a new class of people had come
into our jurisdiction. It having thus become
our duty to protect this new class, then it
became not only necessary to announce this
principle as covering them, but it became
necessary to proceed to enact that this new
relation of this new class of citizens should be
recognized, and that their rights should be
protected.
The next question which we are to examine
in this connection, and the only remaining one,
is whether, if there is 110 inherent force or
energy 01- legislative authority in these declara-
tions, there is anything else in either of these
amendments which justifies the consideration
of the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Let us look at the thirteenth amendment.
What is that? That is a mere negation, a grand
one, I admit; but as a proposition it is simply
a negation. It affirms nothing; it declares
that hereafter slavery shall not exist. That is
enough; that makes all free. But it is not even
an affirmation ot freedom except by implica-
tion, and there it ends. ,To be sure there is
the customary provision that Congress shall
have power to enforce it. Power to enforce
what? To enforce the fact that slavery shall
not exist. I can conceive how Congress might
be called upon to do it, but as it stands it is a
grand negation in the great national charter,
that hereafter slavery shall not exist. Now,
of course, from that simple fact my honorable
friend from Massachusetts will hardly say that
ho can proceed to legislate for " accommoda-
tions" in a church in the State of Maine.
That is where you are coming to, and there is
where you must come. You must draw that
much from that provision or this proposition
fails.
Nowlet us look to the fourteenth amendment
and see what there is there.
Mr. SUMNER. May I interrupt myfriend
just there ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNKR. There is no pretension to
legislate in regard to the accommodations of
the church in the State of Maine. There is
only this pretension : that an original preten-
sion of slavery shall not be recognized in the
State of Maine. By the amendment of the
Constitution, slavery is abolished; but that
abolition is not complete until all those ori-
ginal pretensions on which it was founded are
abolished also, and the pending measure is
simply to carry out and to enforce that consti-
tutional abolition of slavery. Now, if a church
in the State of Maine chooses to act on the
original pretension of slavery, that is, the pre-
tension of color; that on account of color one
man is inferior and may be subject to a dis-
crimination which another man may not be
subject to; then I say Congress should inter
fere, and it is fully empowered to interfere by
the constitutional amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is no
misunderstanding the doctrines of my honor-
able fiiend, he enforces them so eloquently
and so cogently. I could not mistake 011 the
present or any other occasion what he intends :
but 1 think that before I conclude, when 1
come to that part of tlrJ case, I wilt show that
what lie proposes to do is not precisely what
might have been inferred to be necessary when.
the thirteenth amendment was passed, simply
freeing men hi order to give them those rights
and those privileges which are common to the'
citizens of the United States.
Now let us turn to the fourteenth amend-
ment and see whether in its specific provisions
it justifies legislation to the extent claimed.
After making the declaration in regard to
general citizenship, the provision continues-
"No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citi-
zens of the United States."
That is one proposition. Let us look at
that. "No State shall make or enforce any
law which shall abridge the privileges or im-
munities of citizens of the United States."
Is that new in the Constitution of the United
States? Is that greater, if indeed it were a
substantive power, than the provision of the
second section of the fourth article of the
original Constitution, that the citizens of each
State "shall he entitled to all privileges and
immunities of citizens in the several States?-'
Are they not at least equivalents? The one
I have just referred to from the fourth arti-
cle of the Constitution is affirmative, and it
declares that every citizen of a State shall
be entitled to all privileges and immunities
of citizens in the several States. Now, what
does this declare? This declares that no State
shall make or enforce any law which shall
abridge the privileges or immunities of citi-
zens of the United States. That is its equiv-
alent at best in a negative form, and no more
and no less. But that does not touch the
question involved in the amendment.
What is the next proposition?
"Nor shall any State deprive any person of life,
liberty, or property, without duo process of law."
Those are the ordinary privileges of citizen-
ship which were ingrafted upon tlie Constitu-
tion in the provision already referred to, and
have boon recognized ever since the Constitu-
tion had an existence. What is the next?
"Nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction
the equal protection of the laws."
Now, the question arises, from either of these
propositions does the authority which the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts invoked here attach?
I submit that in no proper sense can the four-
teenth amendment be regarded as a substan-
tive grant of power. It is in terms, in essence
and effect, a prohibition to the States. Can it
be conceived that a simple interdiction to the
exercise of State authority can properly bo re-
garded as an affirmation of a substantive power
to the General Government? The occasion of
the fourteenth amendment discloses its object
and intent. The thirteenth amendment had
just been adopted, inhibiting slavery, but leav-
ing the freedmen in the power of the State.
Hence the necessity of the prohibition to the
States. Thus the people of the United States
took a power from the States, but it by no
means follows that they thereby conferred a
power upon the Government of the United
States. The exigencies did not require it, it
is submitted; nor is such inference justified by
any fair interpretation.
Let us recur to this statement: " No State
shall make or enforce any law which shall
abridge the privileges and immunities of citi-
zens of the United States." What_ are the
privileges and immunities of the citizens of
the United States? I am not inquiring now
what are the rights of persons in theSta'os,
but what are the privileges and immunities
referred to 111 the Constitution of the United
States? Familiarly, they are these: they are
the privileges of one citizen to enter another
State; to make contracts, to sell, hold, and
convey property, to inherit proper.}', and to
be protected in person and in property. Per-
haps the general privileges of citizens ot all
the States were never better expressed, never
