1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303&
perhaps, to the bill, but difference of opinion
as to the proper mode to proceed that pre-
vented our getting a vote. I think it due to
the Senate and to the public service that there
should be a day assigned to dispose of busi-
ness from the Judiciary Committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not understand the Senator to object to the
proposition of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
The YICE PRESIDENT. There being no
objection, that change will be made, and the
river and harbor bill assigned for Wednesday
as a special order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely wanted, while
days were being assigned, to have a day set
apart for busitiess from the Judiciary Com-
mittee. I am immaterial about the day, but
I will say Thursday.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will
pardon me, there are some twenty or thirty
bills besides the river and harbor bill from the
Committee on Commerce. The Committee
on Commerce will require one or two evenings
during the residue of the session, and I would
suggest to the honorable Senator from Illinois
that he take an evening, any evening that may
suit his convenience, and I will ask the Senate
to name Wednesday afternoon and evening,
if it is the pleasure of the Senate, that we may
go on with other bills from the Committee on
Commerce which ought to be a-cted on. I
think there must be more than thirty in all.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. I should have no objec-
tion to an evening, but the Senate does not
attend very fully in the evening, and the char-
acter of these bills is such that they ought to
be considered with a reasonably full Senate. I
am immaterial about it; I will ask, if that
does not interfere with other business, that
Thursday be assigned for business from the
Judiciary Committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois asks that Thursday after twelve
o'clock be assigned for business from the
Committee on the Judiciary. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. CONKLING. I am quite persuaded
that if we are going to adjourn, as I hope we
aie at some early day, it will not do to assign
m advance days for a particular land of busi-
ness. I will vote at any time to advance any
necessary bills from the Judiciary Committee ;
but 1 do not think it would be provident now
in the light of what I need not allude to—the
general situation of business—for us to go
further. I made no objection to the request of
the Senator from Michigan, because he had a
da_v assigned and simply wanted to change that
day, owing to the fact that the Senate had
already come to aunanimousagreeiuent to give
up his day to other business. Therefore I did
not interpose : but I hope other Senators will
not ask to have days selected in advance, fixed
for other .business. I will vote gladly when
the time comes to take up business from the
Judiciary Committee and any other business
that ought to be taken up, but 1 very much
prefer ttiat, we should wait for a few days.
Mr. PRELIN'GtLUYSEN. I insist on pro-
ceeding with the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hill in re-
gard to the transit of cattle was called up by
a majority vote and is now before the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest that there ought
to be no assignment made for Wednesday,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Jersey insists on the bill he has.
called up.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider tiie bill (II. It. No. 694)
to prevent cruelty to animals while in transit
by railroad or other means of transportation
within the United States, it provides that no
railroad company within thu United States
whose road forms any part of a line of road
over which cattle, sheep, swine, ®ir other ani-
mals shall be conveyed from one State to
another, or the owners or masters of steam,
sailing, or other vessels carrying or transport-
ing cattle, sheep, swine, or other animals from
one State to another, shall confine the same in
cars, boats, or vessels of any description, for
a longer period than twenty-eight consecutive
hours, without, unloading the same for rest,
water, and feeding, for a period of at least five
consecutive hours, unless prevented from so
unloading by storm or other accidental causes.
In estimating such confinement the time dur-
ing which the animals have been confined
without such rest on connecting roads from
which they are received shall be included, it
being the intent of the act to prohibit their
continuous confinement beyond the period of
twenty-eight hours, except upon the contin-
gencies before stated. Animals so unloaded
shall be properly fed and watered during such
rest by the owner or person having the custody
thereof, or in ease of his default in so doing
then by the railroad company or owners or
masters of boats or vessels transporting the
same at the expense of the owner or person in
custody thereof; and the company, owners, or
masters shall in sueh oases have a lien upon
the animals for food, care, and custody fur-
nished, and shall not be liable for any deten-
tion of such animals authorized by the act.
Any company, owner, or custodian of such
animals who shall fail to comply with the pro-
visions of the act shall, for each and every
such failure to comply, be liable for and for-
feit and pay a penalty of not less than $100
nor more than $500. It is, however, provided
that when animals shall be carried in cars,
boats, or other vessels in which they can and
do have proper food, water, space, and oppor-
tunity for rest, the foregoing provisions in
regard to their being unloaded shall not apply.
The penalty created is to be recovered by
civil action in the name of the United States,
iti the circuit or district court of the United
States holden within the district where the
violation of the act may have been committed,
or the person or corporation resides or carries
on its business ; and it shall be the duty of all
United States marshals, their deputies and
subordinates, to prosecute all violations of the
act which shall come to their notice or knowl-
edge. Any person or corporation entitled to a
lien under the first section of the act may en-
force the same by a petition filed in the district
court of the United States holden within the
district where the food, care, and custody
shall have been furnished, or the owner or
custodian of the property resides ; and the
court shall have power to issue all suitable
process for the enforcement of such lien by
sale or otherwise, and to compel the payment
of ail costs, penalties, charges, and expenses
of proceedings under the act.
Mr. THURMAN. By what committee was
the bill reported ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the Senator
from New Jersey, from the Committee on
Agriculture.
Mr. 'i'HURMAN. I said a few words, I
brieve, in favor of a bill of this kind that was
introduced or promoted by the Senator from
New York at a former session.
Mr. CONKLINGr. The same bill in sub-
stance.
Mr. THURMAN. Since then a fact has
come to my knowledge which it seems to me
may make it necessary to amend this bill. I
aui not disposed to talk new about any consti-
tutional power to pass the bill. The hiii must
rest, if at all, on the power to regulate com-
merce between the Stales, on which question
there is a diversity of opinion among Senators ;
but assuming for the present that we have the
power to pass it, a fact has come to my knowl-
edge which may require an amendment of this
bill, but which £ am not how prepared to offer.
Cars are now constructed and are rapidly
coming into use for the transportation of cat-
tle, in which provision is being made for the
cattle being watered and fed, and in ■which
they are enabled to lie down. In the old
mode of transporting cattle they were com-
pelled to stand up. They were packed in the
car as closely as they could be packed. . It
was found impossible to carry them in any
other way, because if room were given to them
to turn about or to lie down the result would
be that they would suffer inconvenience, one
would gore and injure another, and in fact if
one lay down he would be smothered and
killed. These new cars that are being con-
structed, and which are already in use, pro-
vide cars with stalls, so that each beast is sep-
arate from every other, and he has room to lie
down, and water is furnished him and he is fed
also, so that at every water-station he can ha
supplied with water. It is one of the best
improvements that have been made, both for
the animal and for the owner. Experience
has already shown it is a great saving to the
owner, for the beast does not lose anything
like the amount of flesh he does when trans-
ported in the old way.
Mr. FRELINGH UYSEN. I would call
the attention of my friend from Ohio- to the
fact that this bill provides for the circum-
stances to which he alludes.
Mr. THURMAN. I did not hear it read.
Mr. FRELINQHUYSEN. The proviso is
this:
Provided, however, That when animals shall bo
carried in cars, boats, or other vessels in which they
can and do have proper food, water, space, and
opportunity for rest, the foregoing provisions in
regard to their heing unloaded shall not apply.
That provision is put in with express refer-
ence to the circumstances that the Senator
alludes to.
Mr. THURMAN. That escaped my atten-
tion entirely. If I had heard that, I should
not have troubled the Senate with any re-
marks.
M'r. MORTON. The importance of the
provisions of this bill will not be denied by
anybody for a moment. They even go to the
question of public health. But I would like
to inquire of the Senator from New Jersey in.
what way the power to pass this bill can be
distinguished from the power to pass a law
controlling the rates and running arrange-
ments of railroads running from one State into
another ? I should like to inquire whether
the principle involved m this biil covers the
power to pass laws regulating the manage-
ment and the rates upon all railroads running
from one State into another 1
Sir. FEELINGHUYSEN. J suppose it
does not by any means. The rates of rail-
roads are regulated by their charters, which
are created by States and are regulated by
the States themselves. This bill only applies
to commerce between States; and it there is
no question that Congress has the right to
regulate commerce between States, so as to
say how goods shall be transported, when we
have an inland custom house as to which we
have already passed laws regulating the kind
of Cars that goods shall be carried in, 'we may
in a matter affecting the public health, affect-
ing the interests ot all society, confining it
strictly to this interstate commerce, pass such
an act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How does that differ
from the commerce and tfaffic in passengers?
If you can regulate the transportation of stock,
may you not regulate the transportation of
pa.-ssengers; and if you can determine how
often they shall be stopped and fed, may you
not determine everything on the subject?
Does not the authority to take hold of it a.t all,
as is susrgp^ted by the Senator from Indiana,
carry with it the exclusive control, if Con-
gress thinks proper to taie it, of all the rail-
roads in the country, so far as they are en-
gaged in transporting merchandise or passen-
gers ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I should not
think the transit of passengers across the
