S640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
country was a matter of commerce, and it
seems unnecessary to argue this question and
meet the objections that are started, unless
Senators deny that we have a right to pass a
law regulating this commerce between the
States. It is impossible to say what analogies
may be drawn from that. As long as we have
a case before us now which is nothing more
nor less than commerce between the States,
the Constitution says in so many words we
have the right to regulate that commerce ; and
here is a law introduced to regulate that com-
merce, having view only to the public health
and the laws of humanity. It is hardly worth
while for us to go into the consideration of
what possible conclusions may be drawn from
it. I think this case is easily distinguished
from the case of passengers.
And if as to any other commodity which
was made a subject of commerce between
the States, it should be ascertained that it
was conducted in a manner deleterious to
public health, I hold that we might, for the
sake of preserving the public welfare, inter-
fere under this provision of the Constitution
which authorizes us to regulate commerce.
But you cannot, when we have got a plain
ease before us, disturb or impede the passage
of this law by supposing other cases which
might be constitutional. Of course no one
comes prepared to argue the whole question
of interstate commerce. We have got one
case where it. is plain.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The very point with me
is whether this is that commerce which the
framers of the Constitution had in view when
they authorized Congress to regulate commerce
between the States ; whether this is the kind
of commerce referred to in the Constitution.
I think it is a very serious question. I should
be glad to have some provision made like that
which is contemplated by this bill. I do not
know that I shall vote against the bill ; but I
confess I do not see my way as clear as the
Senator from New Jersey does to vote for it.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 desire the attention of the
Senator from New Jersey to a question which
strikes me upon looking at the phraseology of
this bill. It, strikes me that it does control
railroads lying entirely within the line of a
State, and 1 call his attention to it:
That no railroad company within the United
States whose road forms any part of a line of road
over which cattle, sheep, swine, or other animals
shall bo conveyed from one State to another, Ac.
Now, that I may get the question which I
wish to put to him distinctly before his mind,
let me illustrate. Take a railroad extending
from Columbus, in Ohio, to Steubenville, and
I believe there is a company extending between
those two points ; but, at all events, for the
purpose of illustration, suppose there is. Now
that railroad forms part of a line of road for
the purpose of transporting cattle from the
State of Indiana into the State of Pennsylvania.
You then proceed and provide that l,in esti-
mating such confinement," the confinement of
twenty-eight hours, the limit to which it is
fixed, "the time during which the animals
have been confined without sach rest on con-
necting roads from which they are received
shall be included." Now, if a train of cars
arrive at Columbus, having traveled from In-
diana into Ohio, and the cattle have been on
that train of cars twenty-eight hours, this bill
will impose on that company, whose railroad
lies entirely in the State of Ohio, a prohibition,
and they could not start their train for five
hours after that train should arrive there. The
point I want to put is, does not this bill, in
the language which is used, control railroads
lying entirely within the line of a State'?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There is no
doubt that, it docs control a railroad lying en-
tirely within a State, because all railroads do
lie entirely within their respective States. It
is the commerce that is transported over those
various railroads that it regulates; and in the
very case supposed there would be a prohibi-
tion on the railroad in the State of Ohio to
continue the transportation of those articles
of commerce. The bill could not be made
operative at all unless it operated on railroads
lying entirely within States; but the' com-
merce is interstate, and the Constitution gives
us, as I apprehend, the right to regulate that
commerce, no matter how it is carried.
Mr. CASSERLY. This is a very important
bill. It is important because it is an enter-
ing wedge for an exercise of power which may
be proper, and yet may be very impolitic. I
am not prepared to say that it would not be a
good thing, abstractly considered, that there
should be a power to control and regulate rail-
roads that connect States, which is not so
easily manipulated as the legislative power of
the States. At the same time, that question
whenever it comes up ought to come up on its
merits. It ought not to come up on a footing
so apt to mislead as the present footing.
Cruelty to animals is a vice that appeals per-
haps as strongly as any other to the very best
impulses of our nature. I do not like to be
compelled to discuss and decide a very grave
question of constitutional power, or at least of
constitutional policy, of congressional policy,
upon a bill respecting cruelty to animals.
This bill is manifestly very imperfect, sup-
posing that there is no other objection to it.
The Senator from Pennsylvania has pointed
out one. I add to his illustration this further
objection, that the line of road which he spoke
of, say between Steubenville and Columbus,
is liable to be punished for the omission of the
company which delivered those cattle to that
road to inform them as to the length of time
the cattle had been detained without water.
The poor dumb beasts have no tongue them-
selves to give the information, and the careless-
ness of a conductor or his intentional omission
to inform the interstate railroad spoken of, by
way of illustration, by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, makes that railroad liable as for a
willful act. Is that the intention? Ifitisnot,
there should be some protection to the rail-
road. I am not in the habit of distressing
myself very much in regard to the question
of protecting railroads. Generally speaking,
they are more than able to protect themselves,
and not only to do that, but to invade the
privileges and the rights of classes of the com-
munity and of the public at large. But here
is a bill which is an entirely new point of de-
parture in congressional legislation. Weought
not to be unjust to railroads. We certainly
ought not to leave it in the power of one rail-
road by a mere omission to subject another to
the severe punishments of this bill.
Then I call t,he attention of the Senator
from New Jersey to another defect in his bill.
He specifies a general limit of twenty-eight
hours as that beyond which cattle shall not be
confined without food or water. Twenty-
eight hours may be a very wholesome limit-
ation, and a sufficient one in Maine ; but is it
in Texas? Is it in the southern States? We
know that, Texas is one of the great cattle-
fields of the country to day, and probably will
long continue so. A time which would be
sufficient for all purposes of health and hu-
manity in regard to cattle in a northern State
might be very insufficient in the latitude of
Texas. We know the heats of summer there
are excessive. Twelve hours without food or
water in Texas might b.e cruelly to animals,
when twenty-eight would not be in the State
of New York. That is another defect in this
bill for which I should be obliged to vote
against it, unless amended, if I had no other
objection to it.
Sir, there is a question in regard to trans-
portation on these great lines of railroad made
up of the connectinglinks in the various States
that might well employ the abilities and the
kindly disposition of the Senator from New
Jersey. In these days of humanity 1 regret
and I wonder that the good treatment of
immigrants and the humane treatment of
immigrants upon those lines of road has been
so utterly neglected 
EXTENSION OF KV KLUX ACT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California will please suspend. The
morning hour has expired, and the bill re-
ported by the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scott] is before the Senate, and the Secretary
will read the unanimous order of the Senate
which they have entered upon their Journal.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Ordered, That on Monday next, at twelve o'clock,
Senate bill No. 666, to extend the provisions of the
fourth section of the act approved April 20,1871, be
resumed to the exclusion of all other business, and
that it be continued, subject to recess and adjourn-
ment, until disposed of before adjournment on Tues-
day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is an order
of the Senate, and can only be waived, the Chair
thinks, by unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to entera motion
to reconsider that order. I do not want it to
stand as a precedent in the Senate that such
an order was ever entered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois enters a motion to reconsider this
order, and the entering of that motion suspends
the execution of the order until the motion is
disposed of. The Chair will recognize the
Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us dispose of this
matter now.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire only to state that
the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Blaie] was
entitled to the floor on this bill at the time of
the adjournment on Friday.
Mr. SHERMAN. That order was made
three days ago, and I submit whether the
motion to reconsider is in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was made on
thel7th. The time for reconsideration, there-
f° M rT R ITMBULL. To-day is the 20th, and
Sunday is not counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is within the
power of the Senate to reconsider within two
days thereafter. The order was adopted on
Friday. The Chair thought it was adopted on
Thursday. The motion to reconsider suspends
the operation of the order, therefore, until that
motion to reconsider shall be acted upon.
There is 110 unfinished business from the
adjournment of Saturday last.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to any other
business being done until it is known whether
the Senate is to comply with this unanimous
order.
Mr. SCOTT. As the order was made with
the unanimous consent of the Senate I think
the proper mode of disposing of the motion
now made would be to lay it on the table, and
I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion 13
not debatable.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is laid on the table
does that dispose of the question?
The VICE PRESIDEN T. It suspends the
effect of the motion to reconsider, certainly,
until it shall be taken from the table by some
vote. It could be taken from the table after-
ward, but certainly it would suspend the oper-
ation of the motion to reconsider if it were laid
011 the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The motion would be on
the table and liable to be called up at any time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be lia-
ble to be called up by a majority of the Sen-
ate at some time when the Senate were not
engaged in the transaction of other business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to say a word
before the motion is put.
Mr. SOOXf. I do not feel justified in going
