1848
THE CONGllESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Minnesota?
Mr. SHERMAN. If unanimous consent is
given to take up a bill now, I hope Senators
will all understand that I shall insist on the
regular order at one o'clock, and they must not
ask me to yield.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the gentleman from
Minnesota?
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to suggest that bills
like that proposed to be taken up by my friend
from Minnesota are in what may be called the
regular course of legislation, but there are
resolutions and motions for which days cannot
be fixed, and which cannot well be placed on
the Calendar for consideration. Some two
weeks ago I presented a resolution of inquiry
to the Senate which was for one reason or
another objected to at the time, and I have
desired ever since to have it called up. It is
not a matter as it now stands which I wish to
press for the favorable consideration of the
Senate; but having introduced the resolution I
desire to sayafew words explanatory of it, and
state how the object has been satisfied through
a different channel. For that reason I would
like to ask the opinion of the Chair whether
there is not during the morning hour a pref-
erence, after the regular business has been
gone through, to be given to measures of that
class over measures of the usual class of
legislation which can be met in the ordinary
way by placing them on the Calendar of busi-
ness ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Delaware that when
committees report bills they go upon the Cal-
endar unless they are considered at once by
unanimous consent, and when Senators offer
resolutions they pass upon the Calendar unless
they are considered by unanimous consent.
After the morning business has concluded,
from, that time until one o'clock a motion is iu
order, to be adopted by a majority vote, to
take up either a bill or resolution which has
been laid over under the rule which requires
reports of committees and resolutions both to
lie over one day for consideration. Does the
Senator object to the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota?
Mr. BAYARD. I do not wish to object to
anything, that will facilitate the wishes of the
Senator from Minnesota. We all desire to
have measures not open to contest passed
quietly in the morning hour when they do not
lead to discussion and do not need discussion.
I have made these comments for the purpose
of indicating a wish to eall up the resolution
1o which I have alluded, which I think ought
to receive consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will
regard the remarks of the Senator from Dela-
ware as indicative of his desire in some future
morning hour to call up the resolution to
which he has alluded. The Senator from
Minnesota has asked, however, the reading
of the Journal being dispensed with, permis-
sion to call up a bill, giving way to the morn-
ing business. Is there objection to the prop-
osition ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the bill?
Mr. WINDOM. It is the bill (S. No. 348)
to provide for the irrigation of the Bear river
valley, in Utah Territory.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We cannot get through
with that bill this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made, and the presentation of petitions and
memorials is now in order.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FENTON. I present resolutions of
the common council of the city of Buffalo, in
the nature of a protest against the passage of
the bill entitled " An act to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and the Secretary of
War to sell or lease certain swamp or low- i
lands belonging to the Government lying on
the Niagara river and Lake Erie." The bill
referred to in these resolutions of the common
council of Buffalo has passed the House of
Representatives, and has been referred to the
Committee on Commerce of the Senate. I
move, therefore, that this remonstrance be
referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill No. 447, with reference to the home-
steads of honorably discharged soldiers, which
I called up a few days ago, and which was
then laid over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent to take up the bill at this time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am sorry to be offen-
sive, and I am sure I am not, but I think the
true way is for us to go through with the morn-
ing business, and then when gentlemen are in
order let them be recognized and make their
motions to take up bills.
Mr. MORTON." I present a memorial of
numerous workmen, citizens of Indianapolis,
Indiana, who remonstrate against a change of
the existing tariff laws abating or abolishing
duties upon such articles as are successfully
produced in this country. They say:
"Wo are advised and believe that such action
will be urged upon your honorable bodies by the
English capitalists who maintain the Free-Trade
League. AVe respectfully pray for the repeal of
all duties upon tea, coffee, and such other articles
of necessity or comfort as cannot be produced in
the United States; and we further pray that as
representatives of the American people you will
take care that duties shall be so adjusted as to
encourage and defend every home industry, and to
foster the honor and interests of the American
laborer."
I move that this memorial lie on the table,
as the Committee on Finance have acted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. OSBORN presented a memorial of the
common council of the city of Jacksonville,
Florida, praying an appropriation to build
a court-house, post office, custom-house, and
internal revenue office in that city ; which was
referred to the Committeeon Public Buildings
and Grounds.
Mr. SCOTT presented two memorials of
citizens of New York city, New York, remon-
strating against the proposed reduction of the
duty on earthenware and stoneware; also
praying the enactment of a law imposing a
specific duty of seven dollars per ton on all
foreign earthenware, stoneware, clay drain or
sewer-pipes, and chimney-flues, and a duty of
nine dollars per ton on the bends, branches,
and other fittings of such pipes and flues, and
a duty of ten dollars per ton on all foreign
clay chimney-tops ; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of Pennsylvania, late soldiers of the Army of
the United States, praying the enactment of a
law for the equalization of bounties, allowing
$8 83A per month for the time of service to
all soldiers; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CORBETI presented three memorials
of citizens of Oregon, remonstrating against
the renewal of the patent heretofore granted
to Jonathan Haines, of the State of Illinois,
for improvements on the harvesting-machine
known as the Haines Illinois harvester; which
were referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
a petition of citizens of Maryland and Penn-
sylvania, praying that an increase of pension
may be granted to James B. McLaughlin, of
Hagerstown ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. It will be
recollected that yesterday morning I stated
that I should ask thi3 morning that a purely
local bill in relation to Harper's Ferry be taken
up. I have a petition from a number of citizens
of Harper's Ferry, Jefferson county, West
Virginia, asking for the passage of Senate bill
No. 67 for the relief of the purchasers of lots
and houses, and lots sold by virtue of an act
of Congress entitled ''An act providing for
the sale of the lands, tenements, and water
privileges belonging to the United States at
and near Harper's Ferry, in the county of
Jefferson, West Virginia," approved Decem-
ber 15, 1868. My colleague is now in his seat.
It is a purely local bill, and I wish to move an
amendment that he desires to it, to which there
is no objection, and I ask unanimous consent
to call it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont and the Senator from Minnesota
have both insisted on the morning business
going through regularly. That objection will
apply to this proposition, certainly.
Sir. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I will with-
draw the petition until I can call up the bill.
Mr. PRATT presented a memorial of the
Land Reform Association, in favor of the pas-
sage of the bill now before the Senate, which
provides for the protection of settlers upon
the public lands ; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of
citizens of Ohio, late soldiers of the Army of
the United States, praying legislation to give
all soldiers, sailors, and marines who served
honorably and were discharged after such ser-
vice, and their heirs, if deceased, $8 33J per
month for the time served, deducting Govern-
ment bounty heretofore paid ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented -the petition of Clark
Hall, of Ohio, praying arrears of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, soldiers in the late war, in favor of a
law granting one hundred and sixty acres of
land to all honorably discharged soldiers and
sailors, and the heirs of those who are dead ;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, late soldiers of the Army
of the United States, praying Congress to pass
an act giving to all soldiers, sailors, and
marines who had enlisted in the service of
the United States $8 33J per month for the
entire time served, deducting all Government
bounty heretofore paid; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
_ Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented a peti-
tion of citizens of Michigan, late soldiers of
the United States Army, praying the passage
of a law at an early day making an equitable
equalization of the bounties of all soldiers,
sailors, and marines, who served honorably and
faithfully during any period of the war ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. WINDOM. I present two petitions
numerously signed by citizens of Connecti-
cut, late soldiers in the Army, asking the
passage of the bill modifying the homestead
law, now on the table, which was moved a
few moments ago by the Senator from Illinois
on my left, [Mr. Logast,] and which has been
so numerously petitioned for.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition.;
will lie on the table, as that bill is now on the
Calendar.
Mi\ PATTERSON presented two petitions
of citizens of New Hampshire, late soldiers
of the United States Army, praying Congress
to pass an act granting to all soldiers, sailors,
and marines, who enlisted in the service of the
United States for the suppression of the late
rebellion, and who have an honorable dis-
charge, and to the heirs of those that are
deceased, $8 33J per month for the time
served, deducting therefrom all Government
bounty heretofore received by them; which
were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
REPORTS 01' COMMITTEES.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am directed by the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1190J granting a pension
