2744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
pleasure, the intention of the citizen being
to return. But when a man leaves our soil
without an intention to return, he ceases to
owe duties to this country as its citizen, and
this Government ceases to owe him any duty
in the way of protection.
■ I desire to call attention fur a few moments
to $ treatise upon the doctrine of expatria-
tion published in justification of che war
of 1812. This publication—which appeared
anonymously, but is recognized as the pro-
duction of Mr. George Hay, of Virginia, one
of the ablest lawyers of his time—contains
a clear vindication of this right, and a very
clear statement of the basis upon which it is
founded; and I desire to read from it, as I
apprehend his words will and ought to weigh
much more in this House than anything I will
be able to say:
" Now, if we suppose a ease in which, from any
other cause, these rights and duties have ceased to
exist, it is fair to infer that the connection between
the individual and bis country is in like manner
dissolved and the character of citizen eztinct. In
this state of things, that is, where the person claimed
as a citizen has no right and is bound by no duty, it
is impossible to discern what ground is left on which
tho connection here spoken of can stand. If there
be neither right nor duty, the character uf citizen
seems to be of necessity destroyed."
Now, says Mr. Hay:
"This case actually occurs whenever residence is
permanently changed. When an inhabitant of one
country migrates to another with a view to a per-
manent abode there, it is manifest, not only that he
is willing to surrender, but that lie does in fact sur-
render the rights which he enjoyed in the former;
and it is equally clear that he is out of the reach of
any effectual requisition to perform the duties of a
citizen. Laws, from theexclusive sovereignty which
every nation enjoys within its own limits, havingno
extra territorial force, cannot reach him; and both
rights and duties being thus at an end, he necessarily
ceases to be a oitizeD. It follows, then, that without
residence the materials of which it is composed are
destroyed."
I intended to have made many other perti-
neut extracts, but I will content myself, Mr.
Speaker, with reading the concluding passage.
It seems to have been framed exactly to meet
this case. 1 does exactly meet the present
cane if you strike out Great Britain and put in
Cuba:
"In fact, if expatriation be not complete"—
My friend, the chairman of the committee,
tells us it is not complete until a new citizen-
ship has been acquired.
Mr. BANKS. X did not speak of expatri-
ation, but that to become a citizen of a State
requires the renunciation of the old allegiance,
and the assumption of a new allegiance.
Mr. AMBLER. Undoubtedly, that is cor-
rect in one sense; that is, to acquire all the
rights of citizenship; but m another I think it
is not. I read from Mr. Hay:
"In fact, if expatriation be not complete until
the character of citizen of some other State shall be
assumed, what is to become of the emigrant in the
interval between his removal and this assumption?
In some instances this interval maybe of long dura-
tion ; in others, the naturalization may never be
eifected. At one time no foreigner could be admit-
ted to be n citizen ot the United States until after a
residence of fourteen years. In great Britiau the
character of subject (except in the cases before
noticed) can be acquired only by a special act of
Parliament. Sow, would it be contended by any
advocate forthe rightot expatriation that an Amer-
ican citizen carried in his infancy to Great Britain,
and established there with all his interests for twenty,
thirty, or forty years, is still a citizen of the United
States?"
For twenty-eight years at least Dr. Honard
was there. In point of fact he was there from
1822, which would be fifty years, and from
then until now has never been in any sense a
citizen of the United States of America. Mr.
Hay puts this case, one of the most extreme,
and says:
"The proper answer to this question is conclusive
on this subject."
Now, sir, I maintain no gentleman on this
floor can find the authority either judicial or
diplomatic,- from the beginning of the history
of the Government, or before, until now,
where a man thus settled trom infancy in a
foreign country, with all his interests there,
his entire family there, and, so far as we are
able to see, with all his connections there, and
for nearly thirty years never within, or, so far
as can be seen from the proof, intending to
come within the jurisdiction of our laws. I
say no case can be found anywhere which
would justify the pretense of citizenship in the
case I put ; and that is this case as I under-
stand it.
Mr. Speaker, as I have said in the beginning,
I have no controversy at all with gentlemen as
to the conduct of the Spanish Government in
Cuba. I would be glad to see its authority
there ended, and I would be glad if I could
hope that when its authority does end it would
be succeeded by something better in its stead
than has followed the destruction of Spanish
authority in the other colonies. But this is
entirely outside of the question we are dis-
cussing here to-day. I appeal to gentlemen to
look at this case in the light of the facts
as they exist and of the law as, in my judg-
ment, it clearly stands. And looking at them
I maintain it is impossible we should claim
this gentleman is entitled to the protection
which is claimed for him in the pending res-
olution. I think, indeed, the Government of
the United States has gone much further
in this case than the facts would justify. The
State Department has been expostulating and
insisting, stretching its authority in face of the
facts admitted and recognized in this corre-
spondence, because they could not be denied,
which show, as I think, that this man's citizen-
ship has been lost; but it has been endeavor-
ing to interpose itself between Dr. Houard
and the bloody tyrannical Government which
has been persecuting him.
But let us before we start to interfere as a
nation understand that as a nation we have a
right to interfere. Before we resolve to inter-
pose in this case on the ground that he is one
of .our citizens, let us have at least a good,
healthy ground of suspicion that the gentleman
is a citizen of the United States.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before ray col-
league [Mr. Ambler] takes his seat, I wish to
ask him a question, in order to draw out his
opinion. A large number of cases now com-
ing before the court sitting in this city to
adjudicate claims between the United States
and Great Britain are cases of Englishmen
who resided in the South during the war;
men who had settled there before the war, |
bought themselves homes, and done everv- j
thing to make themselves citizens except by ;
taking the oath of citizenship. When the war j
broke out these parties sometimes hoisted the ]
British flag as a matter of protection against |
the Union armies. And now, when the war [
is over, they are appearing before the court, I,
as I am told, in large numbers, presenting
claims against the Government of the United ij
States for property of theirs destroyed by our !i
Army, setting up that they are British sub- !|
jects, and that they were never American citi-
zens, not having taken the oath of allegiance
of Ohio. What is the
sion which sat under the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, and that it has been repeatedly recog-
nized at other times.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to answer the question which has
been put by his colleague, [Mr. Garfield.]
There is nothing in this case which resem-
bles the case of British residents in this couu-
try who are now making reclamations for the
loss of property. Il stands upon an entirely
different principle of law; and whether we
decide one way or other in this case, oar
decision will have no effect whatever on those
cases.
Mr. GARFIELD,
difference?
Mr. BANKS. In the first place, the cases
in this country were in time of war, and the case
in Cuba was in a time of peace. In this case,
the right of persons is affected, and in the cases
presented by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] the right of property is affected.
They are two distinct ques'ions to be determ-
ined upon different principles; and in no
case can it be held that the principles appli-
cable to these cases apply to what we urge
in defense of the rights of Dr. Houard.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to say that a number of the
persons to whom I refer claim damages for
having been confined in Fortress La Fayette,
we having taken them as rebels.
Mr. BANKS. And we had a light to do so ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. They now say
they were British subjects, and that we had no
right to seize them, and they call on Great
Britain to stand at their back and see them
safely through, so that they may get damages
from the commissioners.
Mr. BANKS. The American Government
had the light to imprison those men ; and
nothing that we say in this case will infringe
in the slightest possible degree on the rights
of this Government in that regard. We
should not have made this report if we had
not considered those questions.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. Does the chairman
| of the Committee on Foreign Affairs look upon
; this man as entitled to the rights of an Ameri-
| can citizen, as to person, but not as to prop-
j erty?
; Mr. BANKS. No, sir. The questions of
I law are different. There is one question of
[ law as to property, and another question of
; law as to person.
| The cases referred to by the gentleman from.
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] aud by my honorable
colleague on the Committee on Foreign Affairs
relate to questions of property—in one case to
a question of domicile and the other a question
of citizenship—and they do not apply in any
degree to this case. We are ready to discuss
this question.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. M-'OOD obtained the floor.
Mr. DICKEY. If the gentleman will give
and under that cover claiming their rfght as !' S-ay that PurPose> 1 move that rlie
British subjects, and presenting their claims ji -t|ous® now take a recess until half past seven
for payment out of our Treasury. il 0 Sr° T .
I desire to ask my colleague whether the!! WOOD. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. BINGHAM. Before the recess is taken
j I desire to give notice that at the proper time
cases of those parties are or are not like Dr.
Houard's, and whether the decision of Dr. -  x- — i  
Houard's case would furnish anything like ail""" .prop0136 to move to amend the preamble
... J _ ^ 1' . . * , 1 , 1 . ,   ' At +h A  1 ' . 7_ _ *1 r*
precedent for dealing with those to which I
have referred? ;
Mr. AMBLER. In reply to my colleague I I
will simply say that the cases to which he has i
inferred have not been called to my attention. '
Ir this gentleman was in fact a citizen of the |
United States when he was arrested in Cuba, j
the cases put by my colleague are cases in '
which the parties would be citizens of the king- I
doni of Great Britain. 1
I desire to add to what I stated that the doc-
trine that I have attempted in a feeble way
to lay down as to this right of domicile and
citizenship was recognized by the commis-
Ot the pending resolution by striking from
the last clause thereof the words ii further
appears'' and inserting in lieu the words
"■ is alleged." I also propose to move to add
to the resolution the following:
Unless it shall be made to appear, upon investiga-
tion, to the satisfaction of the executive depart-
ment, that said Houard had been held for and duly
convicted oi an offense committed by him within
the jurisdiction of Spain, and has been prosecuted
. thereior under the authority of law and according
, to the regular course of proceedings usual in like
I tt • privileges secured to citizens
, ot the United States by the seventh article ot the
treaty of the United States with Spain, dated 27tb
October, I7ito, were neither denied nor disregarded
I on his trial.
