1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1849
to Mrs. Jane Dulany, who is a widow of a
retired officer of marines, to report adversely
upon it, on the ground that it falls within a
large class of cases to which the law has not
been extended, and therefore whatever its
individual merit it is improper to pass it.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were referred the petitions
of William B. Rouse and James H. Tobin,
late of the New York volunteers, praying to be
allowed arrears of pension, reported adversely
thereon ; and the committee were discharged
from their further consideration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I also report adversely
upon the petition of Esther M. Shubrick, pray-
ing for an increase of pension, this falling
within a class of cases that were considered a
yeas ago, when it was thought advisable to
leave the law as it is at present.
The committee were discharged from the
further consideration of the petition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed by the
Committee on Pensions to report adversely
upon the bill (H. K. No. 855) granting a pen-
sion to John S. Oorlett. This person was not
a soldier but was employed civilly in the Army
and received an injury in the same way that
he might have received it if he had been in the
civil service. We think, therefore, the case
does not fall within the spirit of the law.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same committee re-
port adversely upon the bill (EL R. No. 1068)
granting a pension to Martha B. Williams,
upon the ground that the evidence does not
satisfy us that the injury for which a pension
is asked occurred in the line of duty.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices arid Post Roads, to whom was referred
the petition of clerks in the railway post offices,
praying for an increase of compensation, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Martha Phelps, of Wayne county, Iowa, pray-
ing for an increase of pension, reported ad-
versely thereon, and asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Helen M. Watts,
praying a pension for the services of her late
son, George H. Wilcox, of the New York cav-
alry volunteers, reported it adversely, and asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of Martin V.
Jackson, of Kansas, praying that he be granted
a pension, have had the same under consider-
ation, and directed me to make an adverse
report, and to ask to be discharged from its
further consideration.
Mr. POMEROY. Is there a written report?
Mr. PRATT. There is no written report.
The ground on which the petition was dis-
allowed by the committee was that the papers
showed that he belonged to a State organiza-
tion, the second regiment of Kansas volun-
teers, called into service by the proclamation
of Governor Robinson for the purpose of
enforcing and maintaining the laws and repel-
ling invasion. He was never mustered into
the service of the United States, but belonged
simply to a State organization.
Mr. POMEROY. If I understand that case.
General Curtis was in command, and that
company was ordered into the service by Gen-
eral Curtis. , ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then he is not entitled
to a pension.
Mr. POMEROY. He was not regularly
mustered in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The law does not require
that. ,
Mr. POMEROY. The force that was us-cd
on that occasion was called for by General
Curtis, and was to repel the Price raid in the
State of Kansas, as 1 understand it.
• Mr. PRATT. Those are not the facts stated
in the petition. This organization was called
into service by the proclamation of Governor
Robinson.
Mr. POMEROY. I may not have the facts
right. I repeat them as I understand them.
Mr. PRATT. This man was wounded in
the knee in a skirmish with buskwhackers or
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
will be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the subject unless the Senator from
Kansas moves to recommit it.
Mr. POMEROY. Is it a petition or a bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. A petition.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; I make no
motion in regard to it.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 659) relative to the entry and clearance
of ferry-boats and of bonded cars passingfrom
one State to another through foreign con-
tiguous territory, reported it with amendments.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1057) granting a pension to Anna But-
terfield, mother of James A. B. Butterfield,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Maria Hoefler,
widow of Herman Hoefler,asking for a pension,
reported it adversely, and moved that the peti-
tioner have leave to withdraw her petition and
papers; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 511) fixing
the time from which pensions heretofore
granted, or which may be hereafter granted,
shall commence, and extending the time for
the filing of applications for the same, re-
ported adversely thereon, and moved its in-
definite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. Can I now report back bills
favorably and ask that they be put on their
passage ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont and the Senator from Minne-
sota both objected to anything except the reg-
ular morning business. The Senator can ask
unanimous consent, however. Several Sen-
ators have risen with morning business, which
is in the nature of an objection.
Mr. COLE. I ask unanimous consent to
take up a bill, and after it is taken up I will
yield for morning business.
Mr. WEST. I have a report to make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Three Senators
are on the floor insisting on morning business,
which has priority.
Mr. WEST. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
711) explanatory of joint resolution approved
July 11,1870, entitled ''Joint resolution amend-
atory of joint resolution for the relief of cer-
tain officers of the Army," approved July 26,
1866, have directed me to report it with a
slight amendment, and to ask for its immediate
consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is objected
to by Senators who are on the floor with morn-
ing business. The Chair, however, will again
submit it to the Senate.
Mr. WEST. Let the bill be read and I
think there will be no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Inasmuch as the pension
bills of my friend from Illinois were objected
to, which usually have been permitted to go
through at once, I think this had better take
ltSTheVICE PRESIDENT. The bill will ho
placcd on the Calendar.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 347) granting a pension to Sarah Mc-
Enany, reported it with an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the usage
of the Senate thus far during, the present ses-
sion, they have acted on these bills as they
have been reported, but there has been objec-
tion to-day to anything out of the usual course
of business. Does the Senator desire the pres-
ent consideration of this bill?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. Let it go upon the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Philip Chamberlain, of Milford, New Hamp-
shire, praying to be allowed a pension for ser-
vices in the war of 1812, reported adversely
thereon, and asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition Maria S. Rockett,
praying that she be granted a pension, re-
ported adversely thereon, and asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 540) granting a
pension to Eliza Bates, reported adversely
thereon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
dissent the bill will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. COLE. Let it be placed on the Calen-
dar.
iron-ship building.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a resolution
presented by Mr. Scott, reported it without
amendment; and it was considered by unani-
mous consent and agreed to, as follows :
llesolved, That there bo printed for the use of tho
Senate two thousand extra copies of Executive Doc-
ument No. 50. second session Forty-Second Congress,
being a letter from the Secretary of the Navy, com-
municating:, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of March 13,1871, further information in rela-
tion to proposals for establishing iron-ship building
yards and docks.
kecommitjiext 01' a bill.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Pensions to move that the bill
(H. R. No. 557) granting a peusion to Eliza-
beth York, which has been before them here-
tofore, and on which they reported adversely,
be recommitted to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CRAGIN, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 848) for the reduction of the num-
ber and grades of officers of tho Navy, and
for other purposes; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 849) authorizing corrections to be
made in errors in prize lists ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
LIST 01? PRIVATE CLAIMS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I offer the following reso
lution and ask for its present consideration:
Jtesolved, That the Secretary of tho Senate cause
to be prepared an alphabetical list of all Private
claims which have been before the Senate, with the
action of the Senate thereon, since the 3d day ot
March, 1855, and that he communicate the same to
the Senate at the commencement of the next session.
I merely wish to say that this tabes up tho
list of private claims we already have printed,
at the.date of the last report, and it becomes
of public importance that we should have this
list continued, _
The VICE PRESIDENT, lhe Secretary-
states that they already reach down to a later
date than this.
Mr. EDMUNDS. \ery well; then I. will
change it. . .
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
