1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
American Ship-building—Mr. Hale.
Iio. of Keps.
United States. We seem to forget that the
Government of the United States acts with
strictly derived powers. It is not difficult for
any gentleman who wishes to know what his
duty is and to do it, to find it here, [holding
up the Constitution.] If he does not find it
written there he has no duty in the case ; and
if he means to be a patriot and make no mis-
takes about his duty, he should not be anxious
to draw forced conclusions against this Con-
stitution. What is not written here is reserved
to the people of the United States. This
Government of ours is dual in. its character,
national and State. The national is derived ;
it has no more power than is expressly given
and what results from obvious implication.
The rest is with the people.
Now, sir, if there be any question about
the propriety of what is attempted here, if it
is clear that the province which is attempted
to be opened here by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts does not belong to us, then it goes to
the people and to the States, and that is where
it belongs.
My honorable friend says he does not pro-
pose to open the churches. Let us see liow
that is. The language of his amendment con-
tinues, "trustees or officers of church organ-
izations." What of them? All citizens of
the United States are to have "accommoda-
tions" there. What is "accommodation,"
"facility," "advantage," "privilege" in a
church ? A church is strictly a State corpor-
ation, if it be a corporation, as is usually
the case, and it is a private corporation.
"Congress shall make no law prohibiting a
free exercise of religion" says the Constitu-
tion of the U nited States. The Senator pro-
poses to invade the church; for what purpose?
That, it maybe opened unto him who is seeking
with devout spirit, that he may find the price-
less treasure, or for mere accommodation, for
facility, for advantage, for privilege? Is it to
be opened as an idle curiosity that some one
may go in where he is not bidden to go, when
he is not drawn by sympathy or the spirit of
devotion with those who worship there ?
It is true there are many things which a cit-
izen of the United States may do in the States.
He may trade in the States ; he may carry on
commerce in the States under the power to
regulate commerce, but how far ? He may be
licensed to navigate the waters of the States,
but where is the limit? It has a limit, and
that limit is where the natural highway ceases.
When the river he navigates ceases to be
among the States, then the authority to go
there ceases, and inside of that authority is
an authority of the State over the jurisdiction
of trade and commerce, which this Govern-
ment has not. the power to invade. There is
a foreign commerce and there is a commerce
among the States, the regulation of which be-
longs exclusively to the United States; but
there is a domestic commerce as well; a com-
merce within the State that belongs to the State,
and is exclusively in the State, and constitutes
a province over which the United States has
no control. That has been settled repeatedly,
settled by the Supreme Court of the United
States.
Now, Mr. President, one word more and I
have done. I hold that in reference to all
rights with regard to the matters of education,
worship, amusement, recreation, entertain-
ment, all of which enter so essentially into tho
private life of the people, into the personal
rights of the people, they all belong exclu-
sively to the State, of which the Government
of the United States has no right to take cogni-
zance. I maintain that the bill of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts clearly and manifestly
undertakes to regulate these personal, social,
religious, domiciliary rights of the people of
the States; that, it is without warrant in the
Constitution; that it is in derogation of the
great fundamental principle of our system,
that is, the supremacy of the General Gov-
ernment within its sphere, the independence
of the States, and the reserved rights of the
people.
American Ship-building.
SPEECH OF HON~EUGENE HALE,
OF MAINE,
In the House op Representatives,
January 15 anil 22, 1872.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. It. No. 878) to relieve American-built steamers
and vessels from import duties laid upon materials
and articles entering into their construction, repair,
and use-
Mr. HALE said:
Mr. Speaker : Before addressing the House,
I ask the Clerk to read the bill upon which I
am to speak. It is the same as the one'intro-
duced by me last March, and then referred at
my request to the Committee on Commerce,
and was again introduced by me on Monday
last, when I moved the previous question.
The Clerk read the bill, which is as follows:
A bill to relieve American-built steamers and ves-
sels from import duties laid upon materials ;uid
articles entering into their construction, repair,
and use.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House_ of Repre-
sentatives of the United State9 of America in Conurens
assembled, That, all import duties hereafter collected
on materials entering into the construction ot ves-
sels and steamers built in the United States shall bo
returned to the builders thereof, under regulations
to be established for such purpose by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; and all articles of foreign
product needed for subsistence on American vessels
and steamers engaged in foreign trade, or in tho use
or repair of American vessels and steamers, may be
withdrawn from bonded warehouses free of duty.
Mr. HALE. The measure introduced by
me, and on which I seek a direct vote of this
House, is very important, and at first blush
complaint might be made because I have
brought it here on the call of the States with-
out submitting it to the investigation of a com-
mittee. Several reasons have moved me.
First, tho importance of the subject. During
the last ten years we have legislated for almost
every industrial interest in the country. Ameri-
can commerce and American ship-building
alone have received no help at the hands of
Congress ; yet in magnitude they exceed any
other. The employment given in the building
of ships and the money earned in the sailing
of our own ships put the subject, so far as
magnitude goes, in the first rank.
Secondly, the decline and prostration of this
interest is undisputed. We have but little left
of the carrying trade of the world, which,
twelve years ago, we bid fair to monopolize.
Our ship-yards are silent. The earnings of
American vessels engaged in foreign trade in
1809 were $37,848,303 less than in 1861, and
the decrease in the last t-hree years has been
yet more alarming. In 1860 there were em-
ployed in ship-building in the various ship-
yards in this country about thirty thousand
mechanics. These men had spent years in
learning their trade, and had learned it well,
and were proud of it and of the work of
their hands. Thousands of them have been
obliged to turn their attention to branches
of industry new to them, and to seek em-
ployment in other vocations. The transient
stimulus which certain kinds of building re-
ceived during the years of the war, through
the building of ships for the Government
directly, or to take the place of those that had
been sold to the Government, has long since
ceased to be felt. I turn to the figures upon
this subject, not only to show how a falling
interest was for the moment sustained by this
unnatural source ot supply, but. to show how
inevitably the Government turned to our Amer-
ican ship-builders at work in piivate yards, m
its hour of peril by sea as well as by land,
and how promptly and well that appeal was
answered. What I am about to quote also
shows the dependence of the Government upon
the merchant marine for its seamen. The chief
of tonnage in the Treasury Department, in his
official report made to the Secretary of the
Treasury, and by him transmitted to Congress,
one year ago, makes the following statements:
"During the war of the rebellion tho value of ves-
sels built in the navy-yards was $12,756,606, and in
private establishments $30,461,755, or seventy per
cent, of the ship-building was done in private es-
tablishments. Two marino engines only were built
in the navy-yards, (both of which were built at the
Washington navy-yard) whereas there were 175 built
outside. It also appears that eighty-four and ahalf
per cent, of tho entire work of building vessels and
engines for the Navy Department was done at pri-
vate establishments. In adcl ?on to the vessels thus
supplied to the Wavy DepSrtMent, 343 were either
built for or purchased by the'War Department, (all
built at private establishments,) whose total tonnage
was 100,583 tons, and aggregate value was 89,397,12*5;
beside, 2,503 vessels wero chartered as Uovernmcnt
transports. The tonnage of the United States Havy
in 1885, bnilt, in the navy-yards before or during the
war, amounted to 280,517 tons, whereas the total
force added from tho merchant marine during the
war amounted to 1,175,132 tons, or four hundred and
nineteen per cent, of the entire marine force built
by the Government. Tho value of work done for
the Navy during tho late war in thebuilding of ves-
sels and marine engines amounted to §64,317,773, of
which eighty per cent, was done at private estab-
lishments. Beside, all the vessels built by the War
Department during the war were built at private
establishments."
The Secretary's report adds further:
"But tho Government is no less dependent upon
tho merchant marino for seamen than for ships. In
1861 tho forces of the Navy embraced but 7,600 men
to meet the necessities of the war, which numbor
had increased to 51,500 in 1865. Beside which, thero
were employed by the War Department 24,000 sea-
men upon transports, making the total marine forces
75,500 men, or about ten times tho force employed
in 1861. It seems to be impossible for the Govern-
ment, under a,n economical administration of the
Navy Department, to maintain in time of peace the
skilled labor, the requisite machinery, or the ships
necessary to meet the possible exigencies of war.
The education ol'constant labor is necessary in order
to maintain in.ii!y country a large force of mechanics
skilled in the manufacture of ships and murine en-
gines, and this can be accomplished only through
the ordinaiy demands of a prosperous merchant
marine. The naval architects and mechanics em-
ployed in our navy-yards have acquired their prac-
tical education at private establishments."
Thirdly, the consideration of the subject is
not new to men's minds. Tho American ship-
builder has not been so obtr.usive in his com-
plaints, and has not besieged Congress after the
fashion of certain "suffering interests," that
have clamored for more protection whenever
the discussion of a tariff bill has come up in
Congress. He has been a modest " sufferer,"
when compared with the iron and coal-men of
Pennsylvania, the copper and salt-men of
Michigan, the broken-down Onondaga salt-
men, the proprietors of the Bessemer-steel
patent, or the manufacturers of Massachusetts
and Connecticut. All these industries, taking
advantage of the anti-British sentiment which
was so general and so strong during the late
war, have been upheld and protected by legis-
lation, while my friend and constituent, the
Maine wooden-ship builder, has been told
to mind his own business, and make it profit-
able if he could, and has seen his trade
die out under this frdwn of the Government.
Still, the rum brought upon this great inter-
est has very largely attracted public attention,
and there are few men who have their coun-
try's prosperity at heart who have not given
thought to the subject. The press ot the
country has discussed it. Innumerable essays
and pamphlets have been published, some of
which have, I suppose, been read. Members
of Congress have interested themselves in
the matter. It has been a subject of discus
sion on this floor _at every session for the
last six years. During the whole of the
Forty-First Congress there was a special com-
mittee upon the " decline of our navigation
interests," at tho head of which was my col-
