1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
953
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1873, and for other purposes; winch was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CARPENTER aske'd, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 622) to punish contempts of the
courts of the United States in certain cases;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
lie also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
023) to authorize the transfer of Alonzo E.
Miltimore; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Ho also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
024) confirming and extending a patent right
to Levi Vv. Pond and Eau Claire Lumber
Company; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Patents, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. C25) to carry out certain provisions of the
Cherokee treaty of 1866, and for the relief of
settlers on the Cherokee lauds in the State of
Kansas; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
626) to authorize the sale of certain public
property at. Augusta, Georgia ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 62V)
to place colored persons who enlisted in the
Army on the same footing as other soldiers
as to bounty and pensions; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S, No; 628)
authorizing terms of the United States district
court to be held at Fort Gibson, in the Indian
territory ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. RICE. I wish to sate that in intro-
ducing the bill I do not wish to be understood
as committing myself to its support. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 620) to extend the provisions of
an act to enable the State of Arkansas and
other States to reclaim the swamp lands within
their limits to the State of Nebraska ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be piinted.
Mr. NORWOOD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 630) to place Thomas Eden, a soldier
of the war of 1812, on the pension list; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
631) to authorize the construction of a bridge
across the Missouri river at Brownville, Ne-
braska; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill (S.
No. 310) leasing the Presidio reservation to
the city of San Francisco for a public park;
which was ordered to be printed.
SALES OF ARMS TO FEDERAL AGENTS.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair, Mr.
President, a resolution which contemplates
the appointment of a new committee in this
Chamber.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be read.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be read and printed,
and lie over until to-morrow. Perhaps I had
better read it, as it is in my handwriting:
Yv7hcreas, it appears from a recent cable telegram
that tlie committee of the French National Assem-
bly on war contracts has adopted a resolution ask-
ing the "United States Government to furnish the
result of inquiry into the conduct of American offi-
cials suspected of participating in the purchase of
arms tor the French Government dijring tho war
with Germany ; -
And whereas one Squire, agent of Messrs. Reming-
ton & Sons, at New York, m a dispatch dated at New
York, October 8,1870, addressed to Samuel Iieming-
ton, at Tours, in France, near the Government of
NationalDefcnse.usesthefollowinglanguasre: ' We
have the strongest influences working lor us, which
will use all their efforts to succced:"
And whereasin a letter dated at New York, Deoem-
ber 13,1870, addressed by Samuel Remington to Jules
Le Cesue, president of the armament committee, at
Tours,in Franco, the following language is employed:
" Sir, I have the honor to inform you X have received
your telegram of the 10th and 11th ordering the
number Of batteries to be reduced in number to fifty,
and informing me of instructions to the consul
regarding the last credit to him of 3,000,000 francs.
Although at the time of the receipt of the telegram
I had bought the wholo number, (one hundred,) and
had paid the advance required, $200,000, the Gov-
ernment very willingly reduced the number to
fifty." «■« ■> " Regarding the purchaso
of Springfields, (transformed,) Alien's system. X am
sorry to say the greatest number we may hope to
get will not, I fear, exceed forty thousand. The
Government has never made but about seventy-five
thousand, all told, and forty thousand is the greatest
number they think it prudent to snare. X may be
able to procure, depending upon an exchange of our
arms at somofuturo time, for the numhor ot breech-
loading Springfields over and above forty thousand
they are willing to let go now. This question of an
exchange, with the very friendly feeling I find exist-
ing to aid Franco, I hope to be able to procure more.
Cartridges for these forty thousand will in a great
measure require to be made, as tho Government
have but about three millions in hand. But, the
Government has consented to allow the requisite
number, four hundred ior eacli gun, to be made, and
the cartridge-works have had orders (given yester-
day) to increase production to the full capacity of
works. This question of making the cartridges at
the Government's works was a difficult one to get
over; but it is dono. The price the Government will
charge for the guns and cartridges will be  , or
as near that as possible;"
And whereas the Secretary of War, under dato of
January 19,1872, addressed the following communi-
cation to the Secretary of State: ' Sir, I have tho
honor to acknowledge the receipt of a note from vou
of the 4th instant, inclosing, by request of M. D e Uel-
lonet, charge d'affaires of France, a copy or a letter
from Mr. Remington to the president ot the com-
mission of armament at Tours, containing a series
of allegations in regard to the purchase of arms. <fec.
The first of these allegations which seem to require
specific replies is, 'Cartridges for these forty thou-
sand will, in a great measure, require to be made, as
the Government has but about three millions on
hand; but the Government has consented to allow
tho requisite number, four hundred for each gun, to
be made, and tho cartridge-works have orders (given
yesterday) to increase production to the full capacity
of the works. This question of making theoartridges
at the Government's works was a difficult, one to get
over; but it is done.' In reply to that allegation 1
have to say that on the 13th of December, 18/0, cart-
ridges necessary to supply about two hundred rounds
per sun to tho model 1866 breech-loaders sold Thomas
Richardson, were ordered to be manufactured atthe
Frankfort arsenal, and this number of cartridges was
necessary to effect the sale of the arms. The Messrs.
Remington & Sonsdidnotbuy any arinsor ammuni-
tion from the Department after about the middle ot
October, 1870; nor would any bid from them for such
aitides have been entertained by the United btatea
subsequent to that date. To the second prominent
allegation which is contained m the paper purporting
to be a cony of the telegram from Squires to L,era-
ington, and which is herewith returned. 1 have the
honor to reply that this Department has no knowl-
edge of any influence exerted m favor of or 1 or the
success of any transaction between the united otates
and Jlr. Squires for himself or Messrs. Remington
&Aiict whereas it appears from these several com-
munications not only that arms were sold, but that
ammunition was manufactured m the workshops oi
the United States Government, and sold' to one
Thomas Richardson, the known attorney of Messrs.
Remington & Sons, when the bids ot the latter had
been thrown out for the reason that they were the
agents of the French Government; .
And whereas it appears from the official report of
the Secretary of War that m the year 18(0-71 the
sale of ordnance stores reached the sum of 410,«K>,000,
from which, acoordmg to the report, only a small
sum was retained to meet the expenses of preparing
other stores for sale, while the official report of the
Secretary of the Treasury for the same year acknowl-
edges receipt of only $8,286,131 70, showing a differ -
enee of over $1,700,000;
And whereas a comparison of the accounts rendered
by the French Government for moneys expended by
its agents in tho purchase of arms from the United
States, and the accounts rendered by the Govern-
ment of the United States for moneys received in
the same transaction, shows a large difference, which
seems to have given rise to the suspicion abroad that
United States officials have taken an undue part
therein;
And whereas the good name of the American Gov-
ernment seems to be seriously compromised by these
incidents, and a just regard to national honor, as
well as to the interest of the Treasury, requires
that they should not be allowed to pass without the
most thorough inquiry: Therefore
Resolvid, That a select committee of seven be
appointed to investigate all sales of ordnance stores
made by the Government of the United States dur-
ing the war between France and Germany; to ascer-
tain the persons to whom such sales were made, the
circumstances undor which they were made, and the
real parties in interest, and the sums respectively
paid and received by the real parties; and that
the committee have power to send for persons and
papers: and that tho investigation be conducted
m public.
I will not ask to have the resolution con-
sidered to-day; but I should like to have it
printed, so that it may be in order for to-mor-
row.
The resolution was ordered to be printed
and lie on the table.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the special order is the
bill (S. No. 2) to regulate the service in the
collection of customs at tho various ports of
entry of the United States, and the disposition
of fines, penalties, and forfeitures incurred
under the laws relating to customs and other
purposes, on which the Senator from New
York [Mr. Fenton] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senator from
New York to give way to me for a moment.
Mr. FENTON. If the bill is now before
the Senate, I have no objection to its being
informally passed over.
Mr. CAMERON. That is all I ask.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate bill No.
2 being before the body, the Senator from New
York consents that it be informally passed
over, and yields to the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. CAMERON. I have interrupted the
Senator from New York for the purpose of
asking the Senate to allow me to bring up the
bill providing for the payment of spoliations
committed by the French on our commerce
prior to 180l" I wish to bring it up on Thurs-
day next, merely to make a statement in regard
to it, and turn the attention of the Senate to
it. I will not occupy more than fifteen or
twenty minutes in the statement that I shall
make, and I ask that Thursday immediately
after tho morning hour be set for the consid-
eration of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from Pennsylvania asks unanimous consent
that the French spoliation bill be set down as
the special order for Thursday next at one
o'clock. Is there objection
Mr. COLE. I apprehend that that will
interfere with the appropriation bill fixed for
to-morrow, and which will be continued from
day to day. As I said when I reported the
bill, I cannot give way for any other business,
and will only yield to the vote of the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall occupy only fifteen
or twenty minutes. The French spoliation
bill is a very important bill, one in which the
country feels a great interest. I only ask, as a
special favor to me, that I be allowed to make
my statement in regard to it on Thursday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senator
from California does not understand the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. He does not pro-
pose to press the bill to a vote, but only to
make a statement in reference to it on Thurs-
dThe VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
