954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
from Illinois construes the Senator from Penn-
sylvania correctly, he desires the bill to be
taken up informally on Thursday to allow him
to speak fifteen or twenty minutes in explan-
ation, when the bill will be returned to the
Calendar.
Several Senators. No one objects to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to that proposition? ["None! "]
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California object ?
Mr. COLE. If I, having charge of the ap-
propriation bills, consent in one case, I must
in all others.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent 
order of business.
Mr. LOGAN. I understood on Friday even-
ing when the Senate adjourned that the first
business to be taken up after the morning hour
expired to-day was the motion to reconsider
the Chicago relief bill. I may have been mis-
taken as to the agreement, but I thought that
was understood.
The VICE _ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois is under a misapprehension in
regard to the effect of the rules of the Senate.
The motion to adjourn was made after he
obtained the floor and moved to proceed to
the consideration of the bill in regard to Chi-
cago. That motion prevailed, aud that cut
off his motion, because it fell with the day.
If the bill had been taken up, it would be the
unfinished business, having priority of the
special ofder; but there being nothing but a
motion to take it up, that motion fell with the
day by the rules of the Senate. The Senator
from Illinois had given notice of his intention,
and therefore the Chair recognized him as
soon as the amnesty bill was disposed of, but
the Senate adjourned without disposing of the
motion of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to postpone the
present business and take up the Chicago
relief bill.
_ Mr. FENTON. I have no objection to the
bill of the Senator from Illinois being taken
up; but I do object to this bill, No. 2, losing its
place before the Senate. It may be passed
over informally.
Mr. LOGAN. That is all I desire.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois asks that the customs bill be
informally passed over, subject to a demand
for the regular order, as it must be if inform-
•ally passed over, to take up the Chicago relief
bill. Is there objection? The Chair hears no
objection.
military reservations at san francisco.
_ Mr. COLE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-,
sent, and agreed to: ;
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed'
to furnish the Senate a list of the military reserva-:
tions m and near the city of San Francisco, Cali-'
forma, giving the name and extent in acres of each*
as near as practicable.
iuyden's geological survey.
Mr. HITCHCOCK submitted the following"
resolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
Senate fifteen hundred copies of Hayden's final re-
port of geological survey of Nebraska and adjaoent
Territories.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I ask leave to with-
draw the motion made by me on Wednesday
last to reconsider the vote of the Senate by
which they agreed to publish a certain num-
ber of copies of this report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nebraska asks leave to withdraw his
motion to reconsider the vote agreeing to
print this report. If there be no. objection, j
that motion to reconsider will be withdrawn. I
The Chair hears no objection, and it is with-s
drawn. \
treatment of immigrants.
Mr. COLE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
requested to inquire into tho expediency of further
enactments by Congress for the protection of immi-
grants coming to this country in steamships and
other vessels and upon landing in ports of the United
States; and also for their protection and comfort
while reaching their destination by railroad in this
oountry; and that they report by bill or otherwise.
chinese laborers in cuba.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions be instructed to consider the expediency of
passing a joint resolution authorizing the President
to communicate to the Government of Spain the
protest of the United States against the action of the
authorities of Cuba toward the Chinese laborers of
that island.
chicago fire.
The Senate proceeded to consider the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote on the passage of
the bill (H. R. No. 555) for the relief of suf-
ferers by fire at Chicago.
Mr. LOGAN. My desire has been all along
to allow the vote to be taken without discus-
sion ; but understanding that there are gentle-
men who desire to say something in favor of
the reconsideration of this vote, I shall be
glad to hear them. I yield tbe floor for the
purpose of allowing them to say what they
have to say, and the remarks I shall make,
which will be very few indeed, I will make
after they are through.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President it seems
to me that this bill is an important one, in
view of the fact that if Congress shall pass this
bill it will add to the weight of the precedent
already supposed to have been established by
the bill in relation to Portland, and it is very
evident that the effect of passing this bill will
be to secure the votes of the Senators from Illi-
nois on a bill from some other State, and so
in a short time we shall all find our mouths
estopped, from the fact that other States have
partaken of the benefits of such a bill. If we
are to establish a precedent, therefore, it is
important that it should be upon correct prin-
ciples. As I said when this bill was before
the Senate at the time it was passed, I regard
this fire as exceptional in its nature and the
case one where the nation might well step in
for the relief of the sufferers. If the nation is
to relieve in case of such a disaster, it should
be by an appropriation from the national
Treasury or by some other means which will j
make the burden bear upon the nation and not i
,upon a particular locality. j
Now, the fact is that the loss by fire in the j
Northwest fell very heavily upon Michigan and i
Wisconsin and Minnesota, and these are the |
States which to a very large extent are to be j
taxed, if this bill passes, to make up the loss !
in the city of Chicago, and this our people
feel as a very great injustice. The fire in those
States fell upon the lumber portion, precisely
the people, therefore, who are to suffer by the
passage-of this bill.
There is one objection to which the Senate
were referred by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Scott] which seems to me to be
entirely conclusive against this bill in its pres-
ent form. It is provided by the first clause in
the eighth section of the first article of the
Constitution that—
" The Congress shall have power to lay and eol-
TiLi taxe,s> duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the
debts and provide lor the common defense and cen-
eral welfare of the United States; but all duties,
tSted^tates0"018'3 8 ^ uniform throughout the
What was the object of this provision ? This
manner of collecting money is, of course, a
species of taxation, and it is the intention of
the Constitution that it shall bear equally upon
every portion of the Union. It has been said
m reply to this objection that the bill is not
in conflict with the Constitution because the
duties are first to be paid and then to be re-
mitted. But it is evident that this is a very
thin device to evade the Constitution. What
would be said to an act of Congress which
would provide that all imported articles con-
sumed in the State of New York for the twelve
months following the passage of this bill should
have a rebate equal to the amount of duties
which they paid from the Treasury? It would
be a bill in substance providing that the State
of New York should be exempt from paying
duties for twelve months, and would be in direct
violation of this provision of the Constitution.
It provides that all duties shall be uniform
throughout the United States. This provision
was not designed to protect ports in the differ-
ent States. There is another clause of the
Constitution applicable to that subject. This
relates to the taxation itself, and requires that
it shall be uniform ; that is, that it shall bear
equally on every State, on every section, on
every city and township in the United States.
Now, a bill like this, which says in substance
that the people of Chicago shall be exempt
from paying duties upon imports of materials
to be used in rebuilding that city for twelve
months, is an exemption of the city of Chicago
from the operation of the excise laws of the
Union for the twelve months mentioned in the
bill, and must undoubtedly be a violation of
the Constitution.
When the bill was before the Senate at first
and at the time it passed I voted for it myself.
I did so, however, under a misapprehension as
to one of its provisions. I thought it was pro-
vided by the second section of the bill that
whoever should import articles to be used, and
should use them in building Chicago, should
be entitled to this repayment from the Treas-
ury. I find that such provision is not confined
to persons who have imported ; but it is made
in favor of the article itself. So that if this
bill passes there will be in Chicago, for in-
stance, a lumber-yard on one side of a street
with Wisconsin and.Michigan lumber, and on
the opposite side a lumber-yard with Canadian
lumber, and the Canadian lumber-yard must
monopolize the market, because the man who
buys on one side gets no rebatement, while
the man who buys on the other gets back the
duties. This is making a distinction against
American manufactures which no man has
ever yet pretended that the Constitution author-
ized Congress to do. It has been much doubted
and much debated whether Congress has power
to protect American manufactures; but no
man ever yet pretended that it had power to
discriminate against American manufacturers)
and this bill clearly does. **
I shall vote for any bill which can be passed
constitutionally to relieve the people of Chi-
cago. I will be willing to strain the Constitu-
tion clear up to the point of breaking it to
accomplish that end, as I think we should do
if we voted money by appropriation out of
the Ireasury to relieve their wants, and yet I
would do that.- I will vote to-day to appro-
priate $500,000 to be distributed by the city
government among the sufferers in that city.
1 will vote for any other bill, as liberal as any
man ca.n draw and present, having that end in
view; but I cannot vote for a bill when my
attention is distinctly called to the fact that it
1S'n. ^rect conflict with an express provision
°-u "^Constitution, as I think this bill is. I
shall therefore vote to reconsider it, and vote
against the passage of the bill, if it should be
reconsidered.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Mr. President,
never before have I encountered a question
°t public duty with so much of embarrass-
ment of judgment as the bill now before us
evokes in its pretense to reconcile public sym-
pathy withi public policy. It may be remem-
bered by the Senate that when this bill was on
its passage 1 questioned the propriety of its
method of relief, and suggested a direct appro
