APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January If
Ho. or Reps.
American Ship-building—Mr. Hale.
42d Cons....2d Sess.
league, [Mr. Lynch,] who gave much valuable
time to its duties, and who in a very able
report and in able speeches upon this floor,
enforced the merits of a bill foi  relief which
he reported from the committee, and which
ought to have passed this House, but did not.
The President sent a special message to the
last Congress calling for favorable action,
showing that he had studied the subject, and
saw the necessity for relief. I may assume,
then, that the country demands some legisla-
tion.
Fourthly, the bill I have introduced is brief
and simple in its provisions. It provides for
a rebate of all duties on materials entering
into the construction, repair, and use of Amer-
ican-built vessels^.wjjether wood, composite,
or iron, and that^Kstores needed in their use
may be taken frolfa' bonded warehouses free
of duty. It presents a simple question, upon
which I think nearly every member of this
House must have an opinion formed. I be-
lieve the remedy proposed will be to a great
degree effectual. It is comprehensive, apply-
ing to all kinds of vessels. My own constit-
uents are more immediately interested in
wooden-ship building. Before the war we
built for the whole world, and the world has
yet need for us. There are regions of open-
ing commerce in the far Bast where just such
ships as were formerly built at Robbinstou,
Millbridge, Ellsworth, Bucksport, Belfast,Cam-
den, Rockland, Searsport, Stockton, and other
towns, in the district which I have the honor
to represent on this floor, are needed. We
have the yards all in readiness; we have a
body of men whose cunning and ingenuity
are unequaled; we have the material at our
own door, and can transport it at a cost which
will not cripple our enterprise; but we are
paying duties that bow us down and paralyze
us in the competition with British and provin-
cial mechanics. A single town in New Bruns-
wick built more than thirty new vessels in
1871. I could have matched that in Maine
twelve years ago, but not to-day in the whole
State. We cannot stand the competition under
the heavy tariff duties that we pay. A gen-
tleman lrom Belfast, writing from St. John,
New Brunswick, less than a year ago, says :
"Since I have been here I have looked about
some, especially at the ship-yards. I find there are
about twenty vessels now building here. About
half are double-decked, and several (seven I think)
above one thousand tons.
" The English Government looks after the interest
of its shipping. A vessel of the Mendez size, (say
five hundred and fifty-six tons,) will cost here about
twenty-one or twenty-two thousand dollars at most,
all ready for sea, and gets a rate m the English Lloyds
of eight years, the same as we get in the French or
American Lloyds for the Mendez. The vessel built
here is, nearly every piece in her, of spruce, from
keel to truck, and not one third the weight of iron
we put in, treenailed with sprucc limbs, and eoal-
tarred all over: while we, in the Mendez. have hack-
matack and hard pine, locust treerrails, and cost
about thirty-eight thousand dollars. They get just
as much freight as we do. We could build such
vessels as they build, with their opportunities, for
less than they do.
" Everything that they put into a vessel in build-
ing, or on board in sailing, is duty free. I paid seven
and a qua,ner cents for chains; they offer them to
me here tor three cents, and almost everything in
the same proportion. It is no use for us to build
vessels to compete against such fearful odds."
Give us the r'elief asked for in this bill and
we can live. Practical and sensible men tes-
tified to this before the special committee three
years ago, and things are now iu many regards
more favorable than then. The difference in
the purchasing power of our money is not so
great as then. We can get labor cheaper, and
four days of our labor are nearly or quite as
good as six days of the foreign laborer. Our
ingenuity is greater, our natural facilities are
greater, but we must have the load which
the present tariff imposes lifted, or we cannot
breathe, much less work to advantage.
So much for wooden vessels; and the day has
not vet come when the while sail is to be ban-
ished from the sea. No doubt iron has loomed
up in the last fifteen years, but we have listened
too acquiescently to the talk of the British
iron-ship builder that the day of wooden ships
is at an end. I recognize the advantage of
the iron ship in short voyages, where regu-
larity of transit can be maintained, and for
many of the great products of the earth; but
wood is to yet assert itself as no mean rival of
its weightier competitor, and for certain voy-
ages and cargoes iron can never compete with
it. The wooden sailing vessel offsets its free
motive-power, the winds of the heavens, against
the greater speed and regularity and longer
life attained by the iron steamer, or indeed
the wooden steam-vessel. And the compari-
son is not so entirely in favor of one side as
many gentlemen may suppose. I have lately
heard of a passage made by a wooden sailing
vessel owned by a gentleman largely interested
in navigation, and living in my own district,
from the upper part of Chili, on the Pacific,
to Falmouth, England, in seventy-two days.
I do not think steam and iron could very much
improve on that.
Iron ships are to-day favorites with com-
mercial men undoubtedly, but they have their
weaknesses and demerits. The cost of machin-
ery and fuel is great. They will not stand
the storm like wood. Mr. Wetmore told the
special committee in 1869 that two or three
iron vessels were wrecked off Newfoundland
to one wooden vessel. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks], stated on this floor
a few days since that in the East, where he has
lately traveled, the fine symmetrical fast-sailing
wooden vessels that we have always built here
were constantly needed. I hope to live to see
the day when both wood and iron will have
their fitting place in importance upon the seas
of the world, and I certainly do not expect that
that established fitness will exclude either
wood or iron.
But the bill which lam speaking for is equally
helpful to the iron and the wooden shipbuilder ;
and who can doubt that we should build for
the world of both materials? The abolition of
duties would give us cheap iron from abroad,
and would compel the American iron manu-
facturer to sell his product at such reasonable
price as would put it in fair competition with
the foreign article. It is, I believe, consider-
ably better material than the iron brought from
England, and this difference would always give
it the preference, at a fairly-increased price,
with the American builder. With this fair field
opened, I should look with interest to the
experiment of constructing iron ships that in
excellence and cheapness would vie with those
built to-day upon the Clyde. Our enterprise
would, admittedly, start under disadvantages.
The British builder has the field ; he has his
skilled and practiced mechanic; he has the
power of doing a thing for the least money,
which comes from long practice in the best
and shortest way of doing thai, thing. But for
the thirty years preceding 1860 we constantly
beat him in the building of wooden ships—a
trade that he had followed for centuries. Our
ships looked better, sailed faster, and cariied
better cargoes. We can to-day set the same
God-given faculty at work on iron vessels.
Mr. Stimmers, an experienced man in build-
ing both iron and wooden vessels, says that
when the change comes the old wooden-ship
builders will be found building the iron ships.
The iron ships needed in our war were built
in our own yards by'our own mechanics. A
Green Point ship-builder tried hiring British
workmen from the British yards, and kept
eleven of tliem three weeks. I never knew
anybody else who tried the experiment. In-
deed, I am by no means a skeptic as to the
State of Maine building iron vessels with profit.
We brought pine and oak from the far South
up to 1860, and with them laid the keels and
constructed the finest ships in the world in our
own yards, and the men who did it are to day
alive, with the same ready brain and willing
hand that they worked with twelve years ago.
But if we cannot build there of iron, you can
do it in New York and New Jersey and Dela-
ware and Pennsylvania and Maryland and Vir-
ginia, and in every port on our western lakes
and upon the great rivers of the West.
Now, my friend from New York, [Mr. Cox,]
who is a pure and undeiiled free-trader, wants
to amend my bill so that foreign-bnilt vessels
may be bought by our own citizens and brought
here and put under our flag, receiving Ameri-
can registers. He is a little inclined to com-
plain that as a Democrat, and representing
his party, he alone should be credited with an
honest effort to revive American commerce,
and he sometimes bemoans the condition of
the American ship-builder on the coast of my
own State. That ship-builder may well distrust
the advocacy of the gentleman from New York,
or the sympathy of any party whom he repre-
sents. For with the adoption of the amend-
ment by him proposed I should bid good-by,
for many years certainly, to the hope of seeing
our ship-building again prosperous. And that
is what the country now needs, a large increase
of our American built, commercial marine,
with the corresponding stimulus given to all
branches of mechanical industry which are
allied to commercial enterprise. The advo-
cates of free ships would destroy all hope of
this. The refuse ships from abroad would be
sold cheap. Every sale there would stimulate
the work in their yards, and the American
ship-builder would never see the day when he
could afford to start in the competition with his
rival, whose machinery, material, and labor are
already in prosperous operation.
Beside, we run counter to the experience
of other nations in selecting such a time as
the present to throw open our doors to foreign-
built vessels. Great Britain, which is set
before us as an example of the prosperity
which comes from free trade in ships, jealously
guarded her navigation interests, until, by long
years of protection, she had so stimulated aud
fostered them that she could afford to compete
with the world in ship-building, but she never
took a time to do this when war had deranged
her industries and her empire on the seas had
been encroached upon by rivals who had grown
rich in the peace that permitted them to fur-
nish safe transportation to the products of the
world. Whoever will study the commercial
history of England, the origin arid continuance
of her navigation laws, will see this plainly.
Then, again, war set us back deplorably in
our commerce, and war may reestablish us.
In case of hostilities breaking out in Europe,
(a contingency not improbable in the light of
all teachings'of the past, in which Great Brit-
ain might be involved,) the bulk of her com-
mercial marine would be shifted, under nominal
sales, to relatives, partners, and agents living
here, aud the spectacle be presented of that
nation engaged in war with some other mari-
time Power, and yet doing the carrying trade
of the globe, and receiving and spending the
earnings of that trade, while we should be look-
ing on in utter helplessness, with the power
of repairing the injury which was indicted
upon us during our great effort to put down
the rebellion by sea and land taken away from
us by our own folly.
Therefore I have declined to allow the
amendment of the gentleman from New York,
and have steadily refused to complicatc the
bill with any new features. The proposi-
tion involved in it is simple. If it carries,
I believe relief will come ; if it fails, I want
to know how it died, and that it has been
killed directly. If it is referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means,in accordance
with the motion of the gentleman from Massa-
