L872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
955
priation from the Treasury instead of the pro-
posed indirect method of remitting duties at
a single port to the prejudice of commercial
values throughout the States. Time and re-
flection have ripened that impression into a con-
viction. In the face of the precedent estab-
lished in the case of Portland it was exceed-
ingly embarrassing to question the propriety
of like method of relief for the much greater
conflagration. I know fall well and appre-
ciate the force of that precedent. I know as
well, too, that that has had its impression upon
the minds of Senators. A drawback of duties
there is the example for a drawback for Chi-
cago. We were invited to this generous con-
sideration by the liberal contributions made
to that city from the whole country. It was
difficult to withstand the impulse of a manly
sympathy for the distressed. It seemed but a
small concession to grant this remission. So it
would seem now, considered solely in the light
of the remission of duties upon articles actually
entering into the reconstruction of the city. It
was with that view that many Senators measured
the extent of the boon. I regretted that this
method of relief was adopted. What was acqui-
esced in for Portland, applied to Chicago,
would, in my judgment, not only defeat the in-
tention of the precedent, but by its wider lati-
tude and future application endanger the Treas-
ury of the country. I recognize full well the
national character of Chicago. I take it, as the
Senator upon myleftwhorepresentsthatState
[Mr. Logan] says, that it is not local in its
interests, but is in a great measure the ward
and the pride of the nation ; anil yet we have
two questions to decide when we propose to
offer relief to this city—the one of relief, and
the other of duty to the graver interests of
the nation.
I had supposed that in the bill before us it
was proposed to make Portland the basis from
which we were to estimate the aggregate of
relief for the city of Chicago. I had no hos-
tility nor desire to offer any impediment to
relief for Chicago, as I stated in the remarks
which I submitted when the bill was pending
before; and I think my action in that respect
has so proven. But, sir, I proposed at that
time a manly and direct method of relief. I
believe, as well said by the Senator from Wis-
consin, that the only true method for the Senate
to meet this question is to grapple it face to
face. I believe that this case gives us not only
the right, but the opportunity to afford national
relief. The extremity of the loss of Chicago
should b'e the national opportunity. We have
set a dangerous precedent in the case of Port-
land. Let us at this time, while not shirking
our responsibility, while not withholding our
sympathy for the destruction of one of the
principal cities of the Union, meet the case
with a just regard for the varied interests of
the nation; let us come up boldly on some
basis of equity and equality that shall treat all
cities and States alike, and take out of your
Treasury the relief directly, and notindireectly,
as proposed by this bill.
I hold in my hand an amendment which I
propose to offer, provided the Senate recon-
sider the bill. At the outset some voted for
the bill believing its infliction on other States
would not reach the extent of hesitating fears.
Such was my hope then. Fears have now
grown into perilous alarm for disturbed indus-
try. I shall now vote for the reconsideration
for the purpose of having the Senate decide
upon my proposed amendment, whether they
are prepared to take ground that they will
take money from the Treasury directly or indi-
rectly by the remission of duties. In order to
reach the amount that would be full justice to
the city of Chicago, assuming Portland as the
basis, I have taken the estimate of the Sena-
tor from Illinois, who stated in his prepared
speech the amount in his judgment of the
destruction in Chicago. If I recollect aright,
that was $200,000,000. Arn I correct?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. The Senator
affirms my recollection that the amount he
stated was $200,000,000 of destruction to the
city of Chicago. In the case of Portland it
was, I think, $10,000,000. The amount of re-
mission of duties in Portland, as stated by the
letter which the Senator from Illinois read in
the hearing of the Senate, was $21,000. Take
the amount of $20,000 in round numbers, and
upon the basis of $10,000,000 lost to Portland,
and $200,000,000 of destruction to Chicago,
it would aggregate for that city a relief of
$400,000. The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] proposed in the remarks which he sub-
mitted a few days ago when this question was
incidentally before the Senate to make that
aggregate half a million dollars. I would not
object to that; nay, I would go even to a million
of money on that basis, if it were necessary.
I do not hostilize the sympathy, but do an-
tagonize the method by which that sympathy
is to be extended. I am totally opposed to such
interference with the revenue system of the
land, because I believe its tendency and its
direct effect is to open a crevasse that must
lower the cumulation of the industrial resources
of the land.
I am not alone in this view of the subject.
When the suggestion was made of direct ap-
propriation from the Treasury, other Senators
affirmed this method to be the best, most
direct, and most manly way of meeting the
question.
Now, what is the proposition that is before
the Senate under this bill? It is that the duties
shall be remitted upon all articles that enter
into the rebuilding of the city of Chicago. The
Senator from Illinois stated", if I understood
him, and if I am mistaken he will correct me,
that the passage of the bill was desired not so
much for the amount of the remission of duties
as for the ulterior effect it would have upon
prices of the articles in market. Now, sir, we
have the question fairly submitted to the Sen-,
ate and the country. The bill is desired not
so much for the amount of the remission of
duties as for the indirect and ulterior effect it
will have upon the products of the land ; in
other words, disturbing the markets of the
country and lessening values upon all articles,
which may enter into the reconstruction of the
city. Nay, more than this ; it will practically
be reducing the market value of every such
article to the extent of its importation into
the country. That I might not be mistaken, or
be mistaking the intent and scope of the blow
to national products, I looked with a great
deal of interest for the disclosure of the real
object and extent of the bill, not insinuating
reflection upon the course of the Senator, but
searching from the locality itself; and I see
stated in the Chicago Tribune exactly that
scope and extent as being the object of the
bill; and coming from the locality, the inten-
tion is doubly fortified. I believe it to be the
duty, therefore, of each Senator to consider it
in that light. The Chicago Tribune states
that its indirect, yes its direct benefit to the
city of Chicago will aggregate the amount of
twenty million dollars. That I may not mis-
state a question of fact I will read in the hearing
of the Senate from the Chicago Tribune of
Saturday, February 3:
" It is conceded that the passage of this bill will'
be equivalent to a reduction of $20,000,000 in the
cost of the needed building materials. It is also
known that tho whole amount of revenue lost to the
Government will be a very small fraction of this
sum, so small, indeed, that it has ceased to be a mat-
ter of controversy." * * * * " *
" We do not suppose that if the law passes five per
cent, of the material will be imported, consequently
the Government will lose at most but an insig-
nificant amount of duties; but tho $20,000,000 which
tho protected classes, whose representative Senator
Sherman is, propose to extort from our miseries and:
misfortunes will be cut off, and their right to takoj
what the fire left us will be denied." |
And from its issue of January 26:
"As a general thing the effect will be to reduce
prices to the extent of the duty."
The proposition here made broadly before
the country is that there shall betaken directly
from the industries of the country $20,000,000
for the benefit of Chicago. If that is the prop-
osition, we are ready to meet even that, and I
am not here as one of the representatives of
Michigan to oppose her quota of that sum if
the Senate propose to grant it; but I do say
that we should understand thoroughly what
the object of the bill is, and we should meet
it in such a way that its burdens shall be
equitably distributed throughout the States
based upon their respective populations.
The Senator from Wisconsin has well said
that this bears heavily upon the interests of
Michigan. Why? Because Michigan furnishes
the largest proportion of lumber to the market
of Chicago. The average amount of lumber
sold annually in the market of Chicago is a
thousand million feet. Last year's statement
has not reached us yet, but from my knowl-
edge of the business, and from the judgment
of others, I am satisfied it was fully opto that:
and nearly three quarters of that amount, if
I am not mistaken, is sent from Michigan.
Therefore Michigan will have to bear much
more largely .of the burden of this bill than
any other State in the Union. I am not at
this time alluding to the interests of iron which
Michigan produces so largely, but I confine
myself more especially to the interests of lum-
ber, for we send more lumber to the market
of Chicago than any other commodity of the
State. Therefore it becomes my duty, it is
my right, before the passage of a bill of this
kind, to enter a solemn protest against the
proposed infliction.
To show that Michigan is not alone in oppo-
sition to this method of relief, I will send to the
desk and ask to have read a memorial of. the
manufacturers of the city itself.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Memorial of Chicago 'manufacturers to the Congress
of the United States against especial oppression in
the matter of the so-called Chicago relief bill:
These memorialists, who are manufacturers of the
city of Chicago, respectfully represent to the Sena-
tors and Representatives of the United States in
Congress assembled, that they have been informed
and fear that the so-called Chicago relief bill for
the temporary remission of import duties on build-
ing materials may be construed to extend not merely
to raw materials, but also to all manufacturers of
iron, tin, lead, wood, and the like that may be re-
quired in the rebuilding of the city.
That if such abill should beoomea law, and should
have the extent above supposed, it would be a direct
, and serious injury to tho manufacturing interests of
I Chicago, and for that reason an additional calamity
^ to tho city at large.
That the manufacturing interests c\ Chicago are
in the highest degree important to the present
welfare ot her people, from the fact that thousands
of families are supported, fed, and clothed by the
proceeds of the employment which those interests
afford.
j.- That the manufacturers of Chicago are in like
i degree important to the whole future of the city,
and to the welfare of the entire Northwest; and
E that the city can more easily recover from the effects
| of the great fire than she could from the destruction
X of her manufacturers.
That many Chicago manufacturers, as well those
having their places of business without tho burned
district, so called, as those who were located within
it, have suffered great losses in moneys, credits, busi-
ness, property, and otherwise; and that a large
number of such manufacturers would be unable to
resume business under the burdens of such a bill.
That any law which would single-out the manu-
facturers of Chicago, especially in their present op-
pressed condition, as the subjects of an experiment
in free trade, would be grossly unjust, and lead to
many disastrous results.
That among such results would be the following:
a large reduction of the wages, on which so many
families depend for their support, and in many eases
a suspension of the employment altogether; also,
the payment of large amounts of capital to foreign
manufacturers which would otherwise be kept in
circulation here; also, a very great dimunition in
the quantity of tax-paying products that would be
otherwise manufactured here, and the placing of
the manufacturers of this city in a worse position
than that of any other manufacturers of the country.
That these memorialists would begladto have the
largest measure of relief, consistent with tho general
good, extended to thesufferers by the great fire, with-
out limit to class or section; but these memorialists
protest against any measure which would benefit one
class of the sufferers by the oppression of others.
That in the nature of things tho proposed relief
will be in a great degree monopolized by largo land-
owners and wealthy capitalists, jobbers andspe.'u-
lators of this and other sections of the country.
