■f
1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Removal of Political Disabilities—Mr. Saulsiury.
Senate.
chusetts. [Mr. Dawes,] I want "his committee
to consider it on its merits, unincumbered by
other propositions. Bat, if my premises are
correct, there is no need for reference, and the
House should come at once to a vote upon the
passage of the bill.
Removal of Political Disabilities.
SPEECH 03? HON. ELI SAULSBURY,
of delaware,
In the Senate or the United States,
January 30, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration the bill (H.
It. No. 380) for the removal of legal and political
disabilities imposed by the third section of the four-
teenth artioleof amendments to the Constitution of
the United States —
Mr. SAULSBURY said:
Mr. President: The question of amnesty is
one that not only interests the persons affected
by the disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution, but it is also
a question in which the people of the whole
South feel a very great and deep interest. I
may, indeed, say that the people" of the whole
country have felt and have manifested, to some
extent, an interest in the question of the re-
moval of the disabilities of those who are now
laboring under disabilities.
I should have preferred that the bill now in
charge of the Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Robertson] had contained no excep-
tions. I believe that the time has arrived
when not only the character of the Govern-
ment but the very best interests of society in
the southern States require that universal am-
nesty should be extended to all who are now
under disabilities. If I thought there was
any prospect that an amendment of that char-
acter would meet with favor from the Senate,
I should move to strike out all the exceptions
contained in the bill, and should insist that on
this occasion we should extend universal am-
nesty to all who are affected by the provisions
of the fourteenth constitutional amendment.
I have none of the fears of Senators who seem
to suppose that it would be giving character to
rebellion; none of the fears of Senators who
have supposed that it is not in keeping with the
wish and dpsire of the American people; I
have none of the fears anticipated by the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,]
who seemed to raise before the Senate and
before the country—
" Gorgons, and hydras, and chimeras dire,"
as the result of universal amnesty. For one
I would be glad to strike the fetters from every
arm that is bound and once more lift into the
sunlight of freedom every man who is now
fettered by the provisions of the fourteenth
constitutional amendment.
Mr. President, I regret that this bill has
been made the occasion for partisan political
discussion : it was not a question out of which
naturally grew political argument; but the
Senator from Indiana the other day—and I
regret that he is not present in his seat—saw
proper to make it an occasion for an attack
upon the Democratic party, of which I am one
of the humblest members on this floor—a party,
however, to whose partiality 1 owe my seat in
this Senate, and therefore I hope that I may
be indulged while I for a moment show that
there was no cause for the apprehensions in-
dulged by the Senator. The honorable Sen-
ator said on that occasion—I will read his
words:
"Mr. President, I am hoping that the Democratic
party will not come into power during this genera-
tion. I believe it would be the greatest national
calamity that could happen. I believe that the best
interests of this nation and of civilization upon this
continent are involved in the continued supremacy
of the Republican party, at least for a number of
years."
I think that the Senator from Indiana and
that other Senators may have just cause to
fear that their own party may be displaced
from power before long. When they hear the
mutterings of discontent that are abroad in
the land in reference to the civil service of
this country: when they see that that discon-
tent is taking shape and form, and that this
Senate has been compelled, reluctantly I
admit, to yield to that demand so far as to
institute an investigation into the frauds and
corruptions practiced in certain departments
of this Government; when I take this into
consideration, I can readily understand that
the Senator from Indiana might have just
ground to fear the displacement of his party
from power; but I assert that he hadnoground
to apiprehend that any calamity would happen
to this country or any portion of this country
from the accession of the Democratic party to
power again in this nation.
Why, sir, the Democratic party is the con-
servator and defender of the rights and the
liberties of the people; that has been its his-
tory through all our career as a nation and as
a people. _ Even in the Convention that formed
the Constitution, before the Democratic party
was organized, the sentiment and spirit of
Democracy was there, and secured in the Con-
stitution that was there framed the rights which
were reserved to the people and to the States.
In that Convention there were many men,
patriotic and able men, who believed that it
wa3 necessary to confer great powers upon
the General Government. They honestly be-
lieved that it was necessary that the General
Government should have more strength than
was conceded or willing to be conceded by a
great many members of that Convention. It
was the Democratic sentiment in that Conven-
tion that stood up in favor of the rights of the
people and insisted that no greater power
should be granted to the General Government
than was absolutely necessary. I say it was
to that spirit of Democracy in that Conven-
tion, that maintained the rights of the people
as against power, that we are indebted for a
great share of the powers that have been
reserved to the States and to the people.
After the Constitution had been formed,
when the interpretation of that instrument
became necessary, it was the Democratic party
that insisted upon a strict construction of that
Constitution, that insisted that nothing should
be taken by inference, but that the General
Government should exercise only those powers
which were expressly granted in the instru-
ment, or which grew out of it as a necessity in
order to carry out the powers expressly granted.
We all remember that many able men insisted,
in the construction that should be given to the
Constitution, that the General Government
should have powers which were not expressly
conferred; and I repeat that it is to the Dem-
ocratic party that we owe what measure of
power is reserved to the people and to the
States in the construction that has been given
to the instrument.
There is nothing, therefore, in the Demo-
cratic party, nothing in the great fundamental
principles of the Democratic party and nothing
in its history to justify the prediction that dire
calamity will happen to the people of this
country by its installation in power again.
Sir, it was the Democratic party that devel-
oped the resources of this country, that built
up our commerce. Under the administration
of the Democracy our commerce was expanded
until it entered almost every port and every
sea within the bounds of civilization. We all
remember that in the days of General Jack-
son, through his wise administration of the
General Government, the ports upon the Baltic
were open to our commerce, and that all the
material interests of this country hare been ad-
vanced under Democratic auspices. The
Demociatic party also built up our Navy so
that in the war of 1812 it was enabled to cope
with the boasted mistress of the seas, and the
brave tars of America could walk their decks
and feel that they were upon a navy equal to
cope with any Power on earth.
The Democracy took hold of the circulating
medium of the country and gave to us a metallic
currency, and there has not been a single in-
terest in this whole land that has ever suffered
by reason of Democratic administration.
What right, then, I ask, was there to appre-
hend any calamity from the restoration of this
party to power? None as I conceive. If the
honorable Senator had contrasted the history
of the Democratic party with the history of
his own party, I think he could have seen no
just reason to apprehend that evil consequences
would follow the restoration of the Democratic
party to power; and he would have had no
reason to suppose that the best interests of
this country could only be secured by the
longer continuance in power of the Republican
party.
Why, sir, what has the Republican party
done since it came into power? Has it pro-
moted the material interests of this country?
Has the commerce of your country been im-
proved? The commerce of your country is
now carried on in foreign bottoms, and even
the embassadors of this Government to for-
eign Powers, and the agents of this Govern-
ment to foreign countries must sail under for-
eign flags. Your commerce is now carried on
in British bottoms. There was a time under
Democratic administration when we competed
with England for the carrying trade of the
world ; but now we are dependent upon for-
eign ships for the exportation of our own pro-
ducts, as well as for our importations. That
has occurred under Republican rule in this
Government.
Then, Mr. President, I ask you what has
been the financial management of the a6fairs
of this country ? When the Republican party
came into power we had a currency that
was redeemable in gold and silver from one
end of this land to the other. What now is
the condition of affairs? There is scarcely a
child under ten years of age that has ever seen
a piece of hard money, and the fact is that
some of us of older years scarcely ever see a
dollar in gold or silver. We have an irre-
deemable paper currency, and that depreciated
in its value. The national banking system has
proved a curse to the country. It may answer
for money centers; but iu the rural sections
of the country it is a total failure so far as the
relief of the people is concerned. That system
gives a premium to men to engage in the
banking business, and yet throughout the rural
sections of the country where the capital of
the banks is necessarily small, and where the
deposits in these banks are necessarily limited,
the national banking institutions afford no
relief to the people at all. They can scarcely
accommodate the demands of their directors
and the shareholders of the banks, aud those
outside of the banks, the men who are not
either shareholders or directors in the institu-
tion, have to go into the public market and
buy money for their accommodation at such
prices as they,can command. That I have no
doubt is true in many sections of the West. I
know it is true in my own Slate, and I believe
it will be found to be true in almost every
section of the country where the banks are
limited in tiie amount of capital. In your
cities and money centers, where there are large
deposits and where the banks have large cap-
itals, this may not be the case; but I know
