1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1851
population and that country—ought to be
taken into account. In the first instance in
■which the United States has sprung to its feet
to enforce a forfeiture it seems to me those
circumstances are entitled to full considera-
tion. •
Mr. SHERMAN. The answer to all that is
easy. If it had not been for this grant this
land would have been covered over by cabins
and settlers. For sixteen years this land has
been withheld from market, so that no man
could go upon it and improve it, and every
other square mile was reserved for a railroad
company that did nothing to improve the resi-
due. I do not wish to go into an argument;
but it seems to me that when a grant is made
to a railroad company we ought to require, in
justice to the people who go upon the reserved
sections, a fair and reasonable compliance
with the terms of the engagement, or, if not,
we ought to make such other disposition of the
public lands as will secure to those who go
there and buy the alternate sections at least a
fair value for their land.
If it had not been for this railroad grant
holding in reserve for sixteen years one half
the public land through a large belt of coun-
try, there is no doubt that portion of Wis-
consin would have been settled by active, in-
telligent, enterprising settlers, who would have
developed the country without the railroad,
and by this time a railroad could have been
secured even without the land grant. I am
told—of this I have no positive information
except what I derived from the debate in the
other House—that by the lapse of time some
of these timber lands are worth probably from
eight to fifteen dollars an acre. The Senator
from Wisconsin can say whether that is true
or not. Certainly in 1856, when these lands
were originally granted, they could have been
entered at $1 25 an acre ; and now after sixteen
years' time they have quadrupled in value, and
perhaps increased even more than that. Now,
this is a new grant to this company of lands
worth four times as much as they were worth
when the original grant was made, and they
are to be given to the same parties who have
failed to comply with the terms of the original
grant. However, all these are considerations
which are obvious and which every Senator
understands as well as myself. All I desire is
a vote upon my motion, and I may say that I
make it in deference to what may be regarded
as the unanimous sentiment of the people of
Ohio, who, by the resolutions of both political
parties, and, I think, by a unanimous vote of
the Legislature, have instructed their Senators
and requested their Representatives to oppose
land grants and the renewal of land grants. I
do not wish to interpose in this case except
simply to have a vote and perform my duty to
the people of my State.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator is mis-
taken when he states that this grant is to bo
made to the same persons who made default
before. Those persons were ruined under the
circumstances of the case and have gone
und'er the wave. A responsible company is
now upon the ground ready to build the road
if it can have this grant. But, sir, it is aston-
ishing what a different view of the settlement
of our country the Senator from Ohio takes
from the people who are now on the ground.
Those people think that, instead of that coun-
try not having been settled because there was
a land grant, it was the land grant that encour-
aged settlement there, and they think that
having settled there upon the faith of it, they
are now entitled to have it carried out.
One word further. The Senator, in defer-
ence to an old Democratic theory, obeys his
instructions. That, of course, is sound enough;
but I notice that as soon as a State gets to be
old enough to build railroads without needing
or expecting any aid from the General Gov-
ernment, there is a remarkable tendency to
grow conservative on the public land question.
It may be that in a few years, when Wisconsin
has got all the roads she wants, she will join
Ohio in just such instructions. I do not know
what the fact may be, but at all events the
Senator's State having reached that happy
point from which it can turn around and—I
will not say repudiate the policy of the coun-
try, but at all events put a stop to it—assumes
very high-toned grounds ill regard to the pub-
lic lands.
Mr. SHERMAN. We never got any in
Ohio.
Mr. WINDOM. There are two reasons
which I _ will state very briefly to the Senate
why I think the motion of the Senator from
Ohio ought not to prevail. In the first place,
I believe this grant ought, in justice to the set-
tlers and the Stateof Wisconsin, to be renewed.
I do not think its renewal would largely in-
crease the amount of lands granted to railroads.
But the Senator from Ohio says that his motion
ought to prevail because the sentiment of the
people is opposed to granting land to railroads.
I do not think the sentiment of the people of
this country is in favor of repealing charters
until the companies owning them have made
some forfeiture. There is clearly a provision
or an attempt in this amendment to repeal the
charter of the Northern Pacific railroad. I
am not aware that they have made any for-
feiture of their charter, or that they have done
anything which should call forth such action
on the part of Congress. Their bonds are
now in the hands of the people ; some ten or
fifteen millions of them are owned by small
investers all over the country. I hardly think
that Congress is ready to enter upon the repeal
of a charter where there has been no forfeiture.
The last provision of the House of Represent-
atives is clearly an attempt to repeal that
charter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the
Senator from Minnesota allow me to ask him
a question ?
Mr. WINDOM. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
know whether there is not a parallel road
already partly built and sure to be completed
that obviates the necessity of building this
road at all?
Mr. WINDOM. I do not know what road
the Senator refers to. I suppose it must be
the Lake Superior and Mississippi railroad to
which he al'udes.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is forty or fifty miles
distant from this.
Mr. WINDOM. I suppose that is the road
referred to; and it is distant from this, as my
colleague states, some forty or fifty miles,
though at some points it may be nearer.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How near is it at the
nearest point?
Mr. WINDOM. Perhaps on the Superior
end it may be nearer than I have stated.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let me call my colleague's
attention to another fact. The House amend-
ment is, I think, subject to a stronger objection
than any he has yet urged. I refer now to that
feature of it which devotes these lands to home-
stead entries. The Senator from Ohio says
these lands are worth fifteen dollars an acre.
If they are valuable pine lands the consequence
would then be that such a number of frauds
and perjuries as were never heard of in land
entries would prevail all over this track of
country. The homestead system was designed
for farming lands alone; and the greatest
mischief to the community would be to devote
these lands to homesteads if they are pine
lands worth from fifteen to twenty dollars an
acre, as the Senator from Ohio says.
Mr. WINDOM. It is true,_ as my colleague
suggests, that a very large portion of these lands
would never be used for honest homestead
settlement, but the homestead and preemption
laws would be perverted as they have been ia
hundreds of cases, in order that speculators
might obtain possession of valuable pine
lands. But the point to which I wanted to
call the attention of the Senate particularly
was the last clause of this amendment, which 1
am certain if the Senator from Ohio will care-
fully read he will not want to have become a
law. I am confident that the Senator from
Ohio is not ready to repeal the charter of a
company unless there is something alleged
against it, or some reason why that charter
should be infringed by Congress. None has
been stated here, and this is certainly an
attempt to do that.
For all these reasons I hope that the House
amendment will be non-concurred in, and that
a committee of conference may adjust a proper
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask my friend from
Minnesota to state precisely what he means
by saying that this is a repeal of the Northern
Pacific charter.
Mr. WINDOM. I say this is an attempt
to repeal it; Congress has no power to do it;
but so far as our act goes it is an attempt to
rsps&l it«
Mr. EDMUNDS. Out of what language
does the Senator draw that inference; that it
is an attempt to repeal that charter?
Mr. WINDOM. I ask the Clerk to read the
last clause of the amendment.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That no land embraced in the grant to
the St. Croix Railroad Company shall in any case
revert to the Northern Pacific Railroad Company,
and all acts or parts of acts inconsistent with this
provision are hereby repealed.
Mr. WINDOM. That is, if there are any
provisions in the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company's charter which would give them this
land, we propose to repeal those provisions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Are there any?
Mr. WINDOM. If these lands are made
public lands, there are undoubtedly. If the
forfeiture takes place from the St. Croix road,
and they become subject to the operation of
the general land laws of the country, then,
under the charter of the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company, they will be taken.
But let me say further that we shall save
no lands from land grants materially by this
provision unless Congress proposes now to
repeal entirely the charter of the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company; for if the St.
Croix grant does not take these lands the
Northern Pacific by virtue of its charter will
make up its deficiencies within its limits further
toward the Pacific ocean, and there is really
but very little land saved even if you defeat
the proposition of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin ; so that, all things considered, in any
point of view this amendment of the House
of Representatives ought to be rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my friend how the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company can take
lands as far as forty or fifty miles from their
road. I thought they were limited to twenty
miles.
Mr. WINDOM. It would not make a mate-
rial difference, as I said. The main body of
the lands lies at the northern end of the St.
Croix road, and it is at that northern end that
the Northern Pacific crosses, and the Northern
Pacific can make up its deficiencies there by
lands further toward the Pacific coast, unless
we repeal the charter entirely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not rise to discuss
the main merits of this question, but to say
that it appears to me plain enough that we are
not doing any legal wrong to the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company by this legislation.
They are not entitled to the lands now because
they have been appropriated for other pur
poses, and they still stand appropriated for
other purposes although the grant is subject
to forfeiture. Now, if we declare that forfeit-
ure and make these lands general public land.s,
then probably my friend is right in saying that
wherever they are within the forty miles the
Northern Pacific would be entitled to take
them up under the regulation provided in its
charter; but if we do not allow them, they not
now belonging to the Northern Pacific, to fall
into the class of lands out of which the North-
