1852
THE CONGKESSIOtfAL GLOBE.
March 21,
era Pacific is entitled to choose, and divert
them to another purpose, then the Northern
Pacific gets no title to them, and has no right
to complain, because we do precisely what we
have a lawful right to do.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
ine to get a little information from him? I
understand the fact to be that this grant has
already lapsed. If I am right in that, can
the Senator be right in saying that the North-
ern Pacific_ railroad has no vested rights if
under existing laws unless we renew the grant
a forfeiture is worked and has already ensued?
Is he right in saying the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company has no vested rights?
^ Mr. EDMUNDS. I think I am, clearly.
The Northern Pacific railroad is only entitled
to select lands from those that have not been
set apart for other uses. I do not use the
language of the act, but that is the substance
of it._ The Northern Pacific company is lim-
ited in its choico to lands that have not been
set apart for other purposes, and this is one
of them. Now, we choose, for a reason that
it is lawful and proper for us to have, to take
these lands that have been set apart for other
purposes from those purposes to which we
have hitherto set them apart and devote them
to another purpose. Now, it is a matter of
choice with us whether we will devote them
to the general fund of lands, so to speak, (and
if we do the Northern Pacific will be entitled
to have a share in them within the territorial
limits prescribed,) or whether we shall devote
them to still another purpose. We are not
bound to put them back into the general
land fund, so to speak, at all. They are not
there now.^ They do not fall within the de-
scription of lands at this moment which entitle
the Northern Pacific, even if this grant has
lapsed, to take them up, because they are
appropriated to other uses. Her right only
attaches when by our act we put them back
into that general fund of lands, so to speak.
If we do not choose to put them back into
tliat general fund she is not harmed. Her
charter was not granted on the theory of giv-
ing her a foot of these lands. Her charter
was granted on the theory that she was going
to get lands, not these, but others.
Mr. WINDOM. Allow me to ask a ques-
tion. If the Northern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany has any interest in these lands under her
charter and we enact a law in these words,
" And alUcts or parts of acts inconsistent with
this provision are hereby repealed," do wo
not repeal to that extent her charter ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. We undertake that, un-
doubtedly, ifwe do what the Senator supposes,
but my point is that she has no interest, and
an examination of the charter ami of the
appropriation of these lands will show that
she has none. The Senator might just as well
say that m every act we pass declaring that
all laws inconsistent therewith are thereby re-
pealed, we may be repealing a part of the
Northern Pacific charter, as to declare this.
He must first prove that these are lands to
which the Northern Pacific Railroad Company
has now a right either perfect or imperfect—
some right; and that is a proposition which
ou an examination of the law he cannot estab-
lish, because if the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company has a right to these lands now,
perfect or imperfect, then this company that
we are going to give them to has it not, and
therefore we are doing the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company just as much wrong by
giving these lands to the St. Croix company
as we are in giving them to homestead settlers.
Mr. WINDOM. Let me draw attention to
another point. The amendment provides that
these^ lands shall not revert to the Northern
X acific Railroad Company. It anything in her
charter would make them revert under this
act that clause of her charter will be repealed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Granted. Suppose it
saia_ these lands should not revert to the
British Crown, the Senator would argue that
if there is anything in the constitution of the
British Government which entitles the British
Crown to these lands, so far we impinge upon
the rights of the British Crown. Agreed; that
is certainly true as an abstract proposition;
but the honorable Senator is begging the ques-
tion by assuming on account of these words
being in this amendment that the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company has a vested right
or an inchoate right to these lands. 1 say she
has not as I understand the law. They are
excluded from the description of lands^ which
she is entitled to take up; and her right to
them, if she ever gets it, will be merely from
the fact that we turn them back again into the
general lands of the United States, when she
would get the right, not on account of the
original grant in her charter, but because we
had put them into the basket, so to speak, out
of which we told her she might take other
things that were not in it when we made her her
grant.
Mr. WINDOM. Then I ask the Senator
if that provision is not a very unnecessary
one?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very likely it is.
Mr. CORBETT. If the Northern Pacific
company have filed their maps and located
their line through these lands, then it seems
to me therights of that company have accrued.
I am ignorant as to how that fact is. These
lands were withdrawn for the St. Croix road,
as I am told, but that land grant has lapsed to
the Government, and that company has no
rights unless we renew the grant. If we do
renew it, and the Northern Pacific has filed
its map through these lands, then, it seems to
me, the rights of the Northern Pacific com-
pany have already accrued, and this law will
repeal that provision. Whenever the line of
the road is fixed through lands, and a map is
filed with the Secretary of the Interior, from
that time those lands are subject to the rights
of that charter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me ask the Senator
if he does not knoW that no such line has been
fixed yet where these lands lie?
Mr. CORBETT. I do not know that. I
simply bring up this poiut, that in case they
have filed their map'and located their line
of road through these lands they would have
some rights which ought to be regarded in our
legislation.
^Mr. WINDOM. I suggest to the Senator
wnether it would not be well enough to know
that before we attempt to repeal their chartcr?
Mr. CORBETT. I should think so.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose it is iu order
to concur in the House amendment with an
amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to
amend would have priority over a motion to
concur.
Mr. POMEROY. I am certainly unwilling
to injure the settlers on this line. I wish to
provide for them. I do not know that I have
perfected the amendment yet, but what I would
desire would be a proviso something like this :
Provided nevertheless, That all settlers upon the
*4n°Lthls road who have entered and paidforlands
at $2 50 per acre shall be entitled to and shall re-
ceive from the land department of the United
States, at the option of the settler, a certificate of
eighty acres more in addition to the eighty acres
already patented, or there shall be refunded the
money paid m excess of 01 25 per acre.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Kansas, as he
uses the phrase "line of this road," that there
are two roads alluded to in the amendment
of the House of Representatives.
Mr. POMEROY. I have not had time to
perfect the amendment. I only want to secure
some measure for the settlers.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I Lave not
risen to enter into the discussion; but it occurs
to me that this is the first I have heard of this
bill. Certainly this is the first time that my
attention has been called to it. I understand
uoWj however, that the bill did pass the Sen-
ate sometime ago, and has been returned front
the House of Representatives with an amend-
ment, and it is said with an amendment of a
somewhat complex character, affecting the in-
terests of two roads at least, to say nothing of
the people. On my own account, if I am to
vote upon it, I think it is very desirable that I
should understand it. I suggest, therefore,
if that is agreeable to those having charge of
the bill, that the amendment be printed and
postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. CARPENTER. Very well.
The amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives was ordered to be printed, and its
further consideration was postponed until
to-morrow.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
Mr. CASSERLY. May I ask in what con-
dition does that leave the bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It leaves it on
the Calendar, to be called up at some future
day.
Mr. CASSERLY. The pending motion
being the motion of the Senator from Ohio to
concur in the House amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senatorfrom Kansas to amend that amend-
ment has priority of the question of concur-
rence. It is not now before the Senate, how-
ever; the Senator's colleague has obtained the
floor for some purpose.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
Mr. CASSERLY. I merely want to suggest
that I think the subject had better go to the
Committee on Public Lands.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
interested in the bill desired it to go to a con-
ference committee.
Mr. CARPENTER, I object to referring
it to the Committee on Public Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has been
postponed, and the amendment ordered to be
printed.
MESSAGE FK03I 'J'lIB 1IOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheesox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the amend
inentof the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 805*
granting a pension to Hannah Gray.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the concurrent resolution of the House
to printextra copies of the report of the joint
Committee to Inquire into the Condition of
the Late Insurrectionary States, and the view^
of the minority of said committee therewith.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (EL R. No. 827) to authorize the con-
struction of bridges across the Ohio river,
and to prescribe the dimensions of the same ;
-s/ A bill (H. R. No. 1070) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment for the year ending June SO, 1873:
A bill (H. R. No. 1789) to permit the im
portation, free of duty, of certain Highland
kilts and uniforms for the seventy-ninth regi-
ment of Highlanders of the National Guard,
State of New York; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2043) authorizing an
American register to the Dutch bark Alice
iarlton.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message likewise announced that the
speaker of theHouse had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they we re thereuoon
signed by the Vice President •
A bill (S. No. 94) for the relief r.f Mk,
lieturah Cole;
A bill (S. No._ 547) to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge across the Mississippi
river at or near the town of Clinton, in the
state or Iowa, and other bridges across said
river, and to establish them as post roads ;
c7i R/ ?• 71'5^ bating to the capture
of the Albemarle ; 1
A bill (H, R. No. 635) to ehangc the liamo
