APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
[Jactuary 30,
Senate.
Removal of Political Disabilities—Mr. Baulsbury.
42d Cons....2d Sess.
that it is the case in the rural sections of this
country, so that the banking interest of this
country under Republican administration
instead of proving a blessing, has proved a
curse to the people.
What is the character of your Navy to-day?
Look at that arm of the public service. Why,
sir, since the formation of this Government
there has been over eight hundred million
dollars spent to promote the naval arm of the
Government, and there has been more than
one half of that amount expended since the
Republican party came into power. More
than four hundred million dollars have been
expended to maintain the Navy of the country
by Republican administrations, and yet to-day
that Navy is not half as efficient as it was in
1860.
President Grant has been at the head of
national affairs for three years, and I might
refer to the finance report to show that more
than sixty million dollars have been expended
for the support of the Navy in those three years,
and yet what is its condition, as portrayed
by the Secretary of the Navy himself? Dur-
ing all the war of 1812, for four years, there
were only about twenty-seven million dollars
expended, and at that time our Navy was able
to cope with Great Britain in conflicts upon
the seas. Under President Grant there have
been $60,000,000 expended in support of the
naval arm of the Government, and now I will
read what the Secretary of the Navy himself
says in reference to its condition :
"Of the one hundred and seventy-nine ships
remaining on the Navy list, twenty-nine are sail-
ing ships, and the remainder side-wheel steamers,
or sailing vessels with auxiliary screws; fifty-three
of them, armed with six hundred and one guns, are in
service, attached to the various fleets and stations
as regular cruisers, dispatch boats, hospital, store,
receiving, and practice ships; these, with the tugs
and small vessels in use at the various navy-yards
and stations, make the force in commission for all
the purposes of naval service."
That is the present condition of your Navy;
many of your ships unfit for use, and only
about six hundred and one guns to cope with
the navies of Europe in case of a conflict with
this Government. I have the authority of a
naval officer for saying that the Navy of the
country is not half as efficient now as it was
in 1860, and yet we have spent more money
during the administration of President Grant
upon the Navy of the country than was ever
spent upon that arm of the service under any
Democratic administration. The Navy is not
inefficient because the officers and men of the
Navy are not now as good men and as true
as ever trod the decks of American vessels,
but the money has been expended in a man-
ner that renders many of the ships unfit for
use in an engagement.
I shall not now attempt to show what the
Republican party has cost the country since it
came into power. Nearly fourteen hundred mil-
lion dollars have been collected from internal
revenue alone, and about as much more from
duties on importations. What has been done
with it? It is gone, and a debt remaius of over
two thousand million dollars. According to
the report of the civil service commissions
appointed by President Grant, about one
fourth part of the revenue has been wasted in
the collection of it. Frauds to an extent un-
paralleled in the history of any country have
been practiced under Republican rule. The
people have been taxed almost beyond meas-
ure, and then the Treasury has been plundered
and robbed and defrauded, according to this
report, of one fourth part of the revenue.
It is surprising that the people of the country
should have submitted so long to sucli oner-
ous taxation with the conviction that it was
not honestly applied to the public debt, but I
am glad that a determination is now mani-
fested throughout the land to stop this wasting
of the public money. In my own State, small
in extent, containing only a population of a
little over one hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand souls, one fifth of whom are colored per-
sons. paying very little tax to the Government,
the Government has collected nearly five mil-
lion dollars from internal revenue alone,
besides a direct tax on real estate of $74,600.
If to this be added the tax; in the shape of
duties on everything entering into the con-
sumption of the people, and the sum of
$2,000,000 which the drafts for military ser-
vice cost the people of the State, it will be
found that the Republican party has taken
from the citizens of Delaware not lesa than
$8,000,000. It has been an expensive luxury.
Sir, the amount which the Republican party
has taken from the people of my State is more
than it has cost to support our State govern-
ment from its foundation, and to construct all
the railroads in the State; to build all the
school-houses and churches, and furnish all
the banking capital in the State. This, sir,
has been the cost of the Republican party to
the people of my State in the last nine years.
This amount may not seem very large to Sen-
ators representing some of the larger States,
but it is vast when you remember that Dela-
ware is one of the very smallest States in the
Union. Small in extent of territory and the
number of her population, as well as in her
resources, but rich in her historic fame, and
in the patriotism and intelligence of her sons,
who have illustrated their devotion to liberty
upon many a battle-field and in the councils
of the country.
I say that there was no cause for the note of
alarm sounded by the Senator from Indiana.
I know it is very natural that he, a leader of the
Republican party, should desire that his party
should be continued in power. It is very nat-
ural that he should apprehend that some dire
calamity would follow the displacement of that
party from power. That has been the case in
all ages. Men in every age haye supposed that
the overthrow of their favorite theories would
be attended with bad consequences. Why, sir,
away back in the ages when Christianity first
invaded the realms of error the pagan world
looked with alarm upon its advances. The
worshipers of Diana, instigated by Demetrius,
who feared to lose the profits of his craft, cried
out, " Great is Diana of the Ephesians," and
the followers of Serapis predicted that if any
impious hand should touch their idol the
heavens and the earth would return to their
original chaos. It is, therefore, I say natural
that the Senator from Indiana, a leader of the
Republican party, should predict that calamity
would ensue from the restoration of the De-
mocracy to power in this country. But I can
assure that Senator, and all others entertaining
his views, that no such results would happen.
I can assure him that while the Demetriuses
may lose the profits of their craft, and even
stars of the first magnitude disappear from the
political firmament, yet the sun will still con-
tinue to shine and the sky be clear above us. ■
I shall turn now, Mr. President, with this
brief rejoinder to the remarks of the Senator
from Indiana, to the question raised by the
bill, the question of amnesty; and I repeat
that I regret that this is not a clean bill. I
regret that it comes to us with exceptions,
taking out of the benefits of the bill certain
classes upon whom disabilities have been im-
posed. Nevertheless, as it i3 the best we can
hope to obtain during the present session, I
shall give the bill as it stands my heartiest
support, trusting that the generous spirit of
the American people will at no distant day
demand that every shackle shall be struck
from the arms of those who are now bound.
But I shall not place the advocacy of this
bill upon the grounds on which some gentle-
men in this Chamber have placed it. I have
been surprised to hear Republican Senators
favoring this bill appealing to their own side
of the Chamber in favor of amnesty, because
in their judgment it would promote the interest
of the Republican party. Sir, this bill ought
to pass upon higher considerations. There
may be times and there may be questions upon
which appeals to paitisan feeling may be right
even in legislative bodies, but this question,
affecting the rights of persons now deprived
of privileges enjoyed by their fellow-citizens,
ought not to rest upon such a basis. Never-
theless, if that argument is more potent with
any Senator than any other argument, let it
have its full weight. While I do not desire to
promote or assist in promoting in any respect
the interest of the Republican party in any
section of this country, yet I shall not be de-
terred because it may have that effect from
giving to this bill my support, because I be-
lieve it is right and just and proper in itself.
Neither shall I place my support of this bill
upon the demandsand claims of mercy, as was
done sometime ago by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, not now in his seat, [Mr. Wilson.]
Sir, I like the word '' mercy.'' It is a charm-
ing word. It is the sweetest that ever fell on
mortal ears. Through all the ages past, Mercy
has been the guardian angel of our race. When
Justice barred the gates of Paradise against
our federal head and all his race, it was Mercy
that intervened and plead the cause of erring
man. I like the word mercy, and I like all
that grows out of it, and if this bill had no
other claims than those of mercy I would join
the Senator from Massachusetts and tay we
ought to pass it.
But, sir, I predicate it upon other grounds.
I advocate this measure, not as a claim of
mercy, not because it will strengthen the
Republican party, but I place it upon consid-
erations of high public policy.
What is the condition of the South to-day,
and what is the cause of her present con-
dition? Why, sir, throughout the whole
southern States the very best men in those
States are now debarred the privilege of par-
ticipating in the management of public affairs
and of holding offices of public trust and
confidence; and the legislative halls in some
of the southern States are filled by negroes,
and by men of much lower standard in point
of intelligence and morality than the men
who are debarred the privilege of holding
seats in the Legislatures and filling the execu-
tive offices of the States. What has been
the consequence? You see it in all the south-
ern States. Look at South Carolina, her
Legislature filled with ignorant negroes ; her
executive chair filled by a carpet-bagger who
has no interest in common with the people of
the State ; and the consequence has been that
the public debt of that State has been swelled
from say seven million dollars to about twenty-
nine million dollars, and the people are
crushed with onerous taxation by reason of the
fact that the men who now labor under disa-
bilities have been denied the right to partici-
pate in the management of local affairs in their
own State.
What is true of South Carolina is true of
almost every other State. rlhe public debt of
Georgia has been run up to, I believe, nearly
forty millions through the influences of the
Blodgetts, and the Bullocks, and the class of
men who have ruled the destinies of Georgia.
Georgia, however, no longer suffers from the
infliction of a carpet-bag Governor. He is a
fugitive from the State and from justice; but
the people have to bear the debt imposed upon
the State through the corruptions of such men.
Go to Louisiana, a State that has of late
been presenting a scene never before witnessed
in any State in this Union j contending factions
