60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
of stowing who is ignorant, and consequently
who, if anybody, has been made to appear ridic-
ulous. This article charges that in fixing upon
a ratio I took the whole population, not only
of the States, but of the District of Columbia
and of the Territories. Nothing could be
further from the truth, nothing could be more
incorrect. I would have had just as good a
right to have taken the census of Canada, or
of some of the Mexican States, as to have con-
sidered the population either of the District
of Columbia or of any of the Territories. It
is a matter of surprise to me how the writer of
this article could have been so grossly igno-
rant. If he had listened to the debate in this
House upon that subject, he would have known
that I distinctly stated that I did not take any
such thing.
I ask the Clerk to read from the Daily Globe
of Thursday last a portion of the debate upon
the subject of apportionment.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to raise a point of
order.
Mr. MERCUR. I trust the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] will not raise any point
of order. My explanation will be very brief;
I will occupy not more than six or eight min-
utes more.
Mr. WOOD. I do not object to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mercur] going
on and making a personal explanation ; but I
do object to a discussion with a newspaper
reporter.
Mr. MERCUR. All I desire is to answer
that one point. I will be brief.
Mr. WOOD. Well, I will withdraw my
point.
Mr. MERCUR. I now ask the Clerk to
read what I have indicated.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Mr. Finkelkburg. On that point I desire to ask
the gentleman how his statement agrees with the
representation accorded to Missouri by his bill? I
find that our fraction is greater than a moiety; but
we do not get credit for that fraction in the gentle-
ma,n's bill. We are entitled to thirteen members,
but his bill gives us only twelve.
" Mr. Mercur. Our bill fixes the ratio of repre-
sentation at 137.800. This circular or tabular state-
ment which has been laid upon our tables fixes the
ratio of representation at 126,129, and therein lies
the difference.
" Mr. fiskelsbceg. It isonly aquestion of divis-
ion, I suppose.
"Mr. Mercur. If the ratio is less, of course the
fraction will be greater.
" Mr. fdjkelneurg. No.sir; the number of Rep-
resentatives is the same, two hundred and eighty.
" Mr. Mercur. It is very true that the whole
number is the same, but there is a difference be-
tween assuming as the ratio for a Representative
137,800 persons on the one hand, and 136,119 upon
the other hand-
" Mr. Finkelnrfrg. Is not the result arrived at
in each case by divfding the whole population by
280?
"Mr. Mercur. No, sir; I beg the gentleman's
pardon, but if he had done me the honor to follow
my remarks, he would have seen how we arrived
at a different result. This is the way in which it was
done: I take the population of each State and divide
it by 137,800, and that leads to the result which we
have arrived at in the bill I present. We do not take
the whole population of the United States and divide
it up."
Mr. MERCUR. Now, there is a distinct
declaration which I made that we did not take
the whole population of the United States and
divide it up by 280. If the newspaper corre-
spondent had read my remarks, or had heard
them, he could not have made the mistake
which he has made.
But his dispatch is characterized by addi-
tional and further ignorance. He starts off
by assuming that the present House consists
of two hundred and forty-one members—that
is the language of this dispatch of his—whereas
the present House consists of two hundred and
forty-three members. That shows his igno-
rance of the present number of members of
which this House is constituted. I suppose he
was led into that mistake by the act of Con-
gress which is quoted by this paper, which the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] said was
furnished by the Census Bureau. It quotes the
act passed on the 4th of March, 1862, fixing
the number of members of this House at two
hundred and forty-one. But he entirely ignores
a subsequent act passed on the 2d of June, 1862,
by which an additional member was given to
California; and he entirely ignores the fact that
on the 19th of April, 1864, Nebraska was ad-
mitted with an additional member, thus making
the number of members two hundred and forty-
three, instead of two hundred and forty-one.
In his attempts to bolster up these charges
which he has made he has thus shown that^he
was entirely unacquainted with the existing
laws, and with the number of members of
which this House is composed.
If I had seen proper to go further and criti-
cise the illogical conclusion to which this state-
ment leads I might have done so. It appears,
by reference to this statement, that allowing
two hundred and seventy members to this
House, the State of Rhode Island will have
two members, but when the aggregate num-
ber of members of the House is increased to
two hundred and eighty Rhode Island has by
this statement but one member. Whether it
is in pursuance of law matters not. We are
not expounding the old law; we are seeking
to establish a new law more in accordance with
justice, with reason, and with wisdom.
I am led to believe that the generally accu-
rate and correct correspondent of the Times
did not act upon his own judgment in writing
this article, but was induced to do it by some
one who has been instrumental in laying this
statement before the House, thus suppressing
a portion of the laws which show the num-
ber of members of which this House is com-
posed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Mercur] was interrupted during
his remarks by points of order, which were
withdrawn, and therefore the Chair did not
rule upon them. The Chair now gives notice,
as he did at the last session, that if in any case
where leave is given to make a personal expla-
nation the remarks as they are developed do
not appear to be properly a personal explana-
tion, the Chair will, of course, sustain a point of
order if it be raised. The explanation in which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania has been
indulged was a matter of debate simply, not
affecting him in a personal sense; and the
Chair would have been compelled to sustain
the point of order had it been insisted upon.
treasury department.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, aud agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Expenditures in
the Treasury Department bo directed to inquire and
report to this House, by bill or otherwise—
First. Whether the expenditures in the Treasury
Department are justified by law.
Secondly. Whether claims, from time to time satis-
fied and discharged by said Department, are sup-
ported by sufficient vouchers establishing their just-
ness both in eharactcr and amount; whether such
claims have been discharged out of funds appropri-
ated therefor, and whether all moneys have been
disbursed in conformity with appropriation laws.
Thirdly. Whether any and what provisions are
necessary to be adopted to provide more perfectly
for the proper application of the public moneys, and
to secure the Government from demands unjust in
their character and extravagant in amount.
Fourthly. Whether any and what retrenchment
can be made in the expenditures of said Department
without detriment to tho public service ; whether
any and what abuses exist in the failure to enforce
the payment of moneys which may be due to the
United States from public defaulters or others, and
what provisions are necessary to add to the economy
of the Department and the accountability of is offi-
cers.
Fifthly. Whether any offices belonging to said De-
partment have become useless or unnecessary and
whether it is expedient to modify or abolish the
same; also,_ to examine into the pay and emolu-
ments of said ofliees, and report such reduction or
increase as a just economy and the public service
may require.
Sixthly. To investigate and report specially upon
the recent defalcations in the Treasurer's office; and
to have power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. LYNCH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
APPAL AC IIICOLA KIVKR.
Mr. WHITELT5Y introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 611) for the survey and improvement of.
the Appalachicola river and its tributaries, the
Flint and Chattahoochee rivers ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
holiday adjournment.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, and submit the following resolution :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when tho
two Houses adjourn on Thursday, the 21st instant,
they adjourn to meet again on Monday, the 8tli
day of January next, at twelve o'clock noon.
Mr. Speaker, on looking over the records, I
find that the adjournment proposed in this
resolution is two days shorter than the adjourn-
ment at the long session of the last Congress.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REFORM.
Mr. WOOD. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution.
The Clerk read as follows ;
Resolved, That the Republican party, having a
large majority in both Houses of Congress, and the
President, and those possessing ample power, should
at once take measures to provide for the immediate
reduction of direct taxation and of import duties to
a strictly revenue standard; to provide for the im-
mediate reduction of public expenditures in all the
Departments of the Government; to abolish all sine-
cure offices and the system of collecting the revenuo
by secret informers and spies; to restore to the peo-
ple of the States and their local governments the
rights originally possessed by them under the Con-
stitution ; to abolish governmental papermoney and
to restore the only constitutional money—gold and
silver; to reduce the Army to a peace footing, and
abolish a system, recently established, of employing
military officers in the discharge of civil duties; to
provide against the accumulation and retention of
large sums of money in the public Treasury, by which
the interests of the people are subordinated to Gov-
ernment influence, and made dependent upon the
ca.price and personal views of the head of that De-
partment; to prevent the purchase and sale of the
public credit by the Secretary of the Treasury, nt his
own option, with no other control than his individ-
ual and'personal will; to bringthePresidem and his
Cabinet advisers under the authority of law, making
them obedient to its provisions, and,alike with others,
subject to its penalties; to restore to the southern
States and people peace, prosperity, and content-
ment, which can only be accomplished by a cessation
of vindictive legislation and military interference
and a recognition of their equal rights, including
self-government and political equality with the other
States and peoples of the Union; to revive American
commerce; to restore American credit; to reinau-
gurate American republican simplicity in the admin-
istration of public affairs; and to aid by all proper
legal and constitutional authority in the full devel-
opment of the agricultural, mineral, and commer-
cial resources of the country.
Mr. DAWES. I think that resolution should
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman objects, I
then move that the rules be suspended, and on
that motion demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman move
to suspend the rules to pass the resolution, or
to introduce it ?
Mr. WOOD. I move to suspend the rules
to put it on its passage at this time.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman
propose to put such a resolution through this
House under the previous question without
opportunity for a moment of debate ?
Mr. WOOD. I will say to the gentleman
from Tennessee and his political friends that
I mean, if 1 can, to secure an honest vote ou
that resolution. I do not propose to have it
smothered by reference to the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. DAWES. What does the gentleman
call an honest vote, if he will not allow any
discussion?
Mr. WOOD. I wish to have a vote on the
resolution ; and therefore move to suspend the
rules, and on that motion demand the
and nays.
