2.748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
widow of Thomas Smith, late a private in the
Kentucky home guards, and pay her a pension
at the rale of eight dollars a month from the
passage of this-act.
Mr MOOKE. I will make a brief explan-
ation. This is the ease of the widow of a
member of the home guard. The man was
captured armed, and was a long time in rebel
prisons, and was regularly exchanged at the
parole camp in Aunapolis. He was under the
command of United States troops, and alto-
gether the case is a very strong one, although
a little irregular.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I would ask the gentleman
from Illinois if this man was ever mustered
into the United States service?
Mr. MOOBE. I believe he was not mustered
into the service of the United States, but I
should hardly expect that when it is proposed
to pension a man who was captured by the
rebels with arms in his hands in defense of the
Union, and suffered intolerably in rebel pris-
ons, and was regularly exchanged by the United
States authorities, any gentleman would want
to ask any questions as to whether it is proper
to grant him relief or relief to his widow.
Mr. CONGER. I would like to inquire
whether these Kentucky home guards were
organized to preserve the neutrality of Ken-
tucky?
Mr. MOORE. I have no answer to give to
any question of that kind. I have stated here
heserved the Government of the United States
in the defense of the Union.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman stated that
he was captured by the rebels?
Mr. MOORE. Well, I am not making any
buncombe statements here, and I do not want
to answer such questions.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman, of course,
is at liberty to answer or not, as he chooses.
As the matter stands at present, I know of no
power that t baVe to compel hiin to answer.
Mr. MOORE. I thought I had stated the
case sufficiently for my honorable ftiend, for
whom I have high regard, but it seems to me
he asked a question that he did not expect me
to answer. If he is in earnest I will take any
amouut of pains to answer him.
Air. CONGER. Then I will ask whether
it, is the rule of the committee to report favor-
ably in the case ot any of these volunteer
organizations at home, and not in the United
States service?
Mr. MOORE. No, it is not a rule. We
should not do it in all cases, but these home
guards were organized with an understanding
in the department of Kentucky by order of
the War Department. These home guards
relieved our troops, and did very effective
service, and cooperated frequently in battle
with those troops.
Now, here is the point in reference to this
case: had the man been killed iu battle, the
pension laws make provision for a pension to
his widow. But he was rot killed in battle ;
he was captured in battle and held as a pris-
oner of war. He was brought to the parole
camp at Annapolis, and there regularly paroled,
and his pay settled by the Second Auditor of
the Treasury, thereby recognizing the obliga-
tion of the Government to this soldier. We
could not say that his widow should not have
a pension.
_ Mr. CONGER. Did he subsequently die
in the service?
Mr. MOORE. No; he was paroled and
afterward died.
Mr. CONGER. Of disease contracted while
m service ?
Mr. MOORE. Yes, of chronic diarrhea. I
am informed by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs [Mr. Coburn] that
his committee last week granted this woman
bounty, in view of the service rendered by her
husband.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JUSTICE F. JONJSS.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2492) granting a
pension to Justice P. Jones; which was read
a first, and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place upon the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Justice F.
Jones, late a private in company C, seventh
regiment of Iowa cavalry volunteers, to take
effect from the passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. xMOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VIRGINIA M i' CUSACK.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with a recommendation
that the same do pass. House bill No. 2493,
granting a pension to Virginia M. F. Cusack.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place upon the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the limitations and pro
visions of the pension laws, the name of Vir-
ginia M. F. Cusack, widow of John Cusack,
late captain of company D, first United States
cavalry.
Mr. MOORE. As this case is a little
peculiar, I prefer to make an explana'ion to
the House in reference to it. The applicant
for this pension, the widow of this'soldier,
appeared before the Pension Bureau, and her
case was 1 ejected for the reason that opposite
the irirne of the soldier was placed the entry,
"died of delirium tremens.'' Xow, the testi-
mony of a number of the best Army officers
and others is strongly to the contrary. He
was well known at the War Department and
elsewhere as one of the most efficient quarter-
masters who served during the late war, and
never failed to faithfully discharge his duty.
He was only a day or two in hospital. The
evidence is so overwhelming that that record
could not have been a correct representation
of the facts in this case, that we felt compelled
to report a bill for the relief of this widow.
Mr. HIBBARD. I would inquire why the
words ''to commence from the passage of this
act" are putin some of these bills and omitted
from others?
Mr. MOORE. It is a mere matter of form.
These bills are all found subject to the provis-
ions and limitations of the pension laws; and
the Pension Bureau will only pay from and
after the passage of the acts.
Mr. HIBBARD. Those words are in most
of the bills.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NANCY OSDORN.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2404) granting
a pension to Nancy Osborn; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Nancy Osborn, mother of Horace
M. Osborn, late a private in company G,
twenty-third regiment Massachusetts volun-
teers, to take effect from the passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; arid also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN' NOLAN.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2495) granting
a pension to John Nolan ; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of John Nolan, of Quincy, Illinois,
the pension to take effect from the passage of
the act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time : and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid On the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALMON P. Gf.AVlSS.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2496) granting
a pens.on to Al.non P. Graves: wmch was
read ;t lirst and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to p'ia ;e upon tne pem-ion-roll. oubject to the
provit ions and limitations of the penbion laws,
the name of Almr.n P. Gra.es, late a private
in the third United State* artillery, the pen-
sion to take effect from February 2'J, 1867.
Mr. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, ihi- biii pro-
vides that the pension ,hali take effect from
a date anterior to the pas.-age of the act.
When this application firs' came before us,
the rive years' limitation had not expired. If
it is asked why this man did not obtain his
pension at the Pension Bureau, I will state
that he was on detached duty at a post on
tne frontier, separated from his commissioned
regimental officers, being I believe at that
time under the command of a sergeant. He
is now here in the Sotdier.-' Home. His ca^e
is a perfectly clear one. We report in its
la^or on the ground that when the applica-
tion was made the five years trom the date
when his right to the petition accrued had not
expired. I leave the case with the House to
make such d sposition of it as may be deemed
proper. It :iny gentleman can show any reason
why this pension should not be granted. 1 am
ready to hear it.
Ihe bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; ana being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved tu reconsider the vote
by which the biii was passed : and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMSTIVK GOOULOW.
Mr. MOORE aLso. from the same committee,
reported a bill (H, it. No. 2407) granting a
pension to Armstive Goodlow ; which was read
a first and second time.
Ihe bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pendioti-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws*
the name ot Armstive Goodlow, late a private
in company L, twenty-third regiment United
States colored troops.
Ihe bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engiossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
