1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95?
city, but in effect upon all such articles as are
imported in the country.
There is a singular accuracy in this amount
of $20,000,000. I took the precaution to
learn the amount of duties on all the articles
enumerated by this paper. I think the num-
ber of articles is thirty-five. I have them
officially stated from the Treasury Depart-
ment, and I find that the duties ou all those
articles in 1871 were a little over eleven million
dollars. Now, take the two years attempted
in this bill, and it aggregates some twenty mil-
lion dollars. I take it tor granted, then, that
the object of this bill is to cause the price upon
all imported articles such as are to be used in
the reconstruction of the city to be reduced to
the extent of that duty. Two years' remission
of duties thereon, at $10,000,000 each vear,
will be the $20,000,000.
Mr. LOGAN. The bill is to run only one
year from its passage.
Mr. PERRY, of Michigan. The impression
was thrown out that it was to ran two years,
and so amended. I stand corrected. Then
the amount of duty would be $10,000,000, or
$11,000,000 as strictly stated in the tabular
statement which I hold in my hand. Even
upon that basis Michigan will not withdraw
from her quota, but asks that she, with other
States, shall only pay her proportion according
to her population.
The Constitution provides that taxes and
duties shall be equally distributed. The Con-
sstitution prohibits any preference being given
to the ports of one State over the ports of
another, not so much because the Government
is opposed to benefiting any particular place,
but holds it a bounden duty to conserve and
guard the interests of all cities and places
of the country, and therefore it becomes a
public necessity to do justice to all, and pre-
serve its equality of benefits and burdens.
Reconsider this bill and recommit it to the
Finance Committee, and if they in their wis-
dom report that $10,000,000 shall be awarded
Chicago as a boon from the States, let each
State be assessed its quota based upon its
population, and not a word -will Michigan
utter against the charity? Even were they so
liberal as to report $20,000,000, let us man-
fully and openly stand, if you please, to that.
But upon $10,000,000 basis, if that shall be
the relief for the city of Chicago, the distri-
bution will be per capita twenty-eight cents on
the population of the land. The population of
Michigan is 1,184,000. Multiplied by the per
capita of twenty-eight cents, the assessment
upon Michigan would be $330,000. My amend-
ment proposes $400,000, and that upon the
relative basis of relief to Portland. Now, sir,
to show our disposition we are willing to double
this per capita, if the Senate so say, upon a
relief of $20,000,000 instead of $l'0,000,000,
and make the assessment $660,000 upon Mich-
igan, and she will in her own way pay that.
She is not to be met with the charge that she
has hostility to this relief because she suggests
a more equitable mode. Not at all. Money
can as well and as faithfully be distributed
under the regulations of the Treasury, as pro-
posed by this bill, by a direct appropriation
as well as indirectly through customs. Nay,
more, sir, our attention was directed this morn-
ing by petitions for remedy to the corruptions
incident to the customs regulations ot the coun-
try ; I might say that through that indirect
method two dollars to one might be lost to the
country. Why not avoid this perilous way and
loss made unavoidable by the-plan of the bill,
and adopt the method which is now offered to
the Senate? But if the other is demanded by
the Senator from Illinois, then I appeal to the
Senate to change the plan of relief, and to a
liberal extent make the application, but give
each State its own way of meeting it; and not,
as proposed, strike down various industries of
several States.
Why, sir, if I were to speak further upon
this aid and contribution to Chicago, I should
say in behalf of Chicago itself that she can-
not afford to strike down the lumber interest
which contributes so largely to her wealth, nor
can she afford to strike down the iron interest
of that city. There are two large rolling-mills
in the city of Chicago owned by a Michigan
capitalist—the able and enterprising Captain
E. B. Ward, of Detroit—and he also has three
more near this city. Would you also strike
down this important element of the nation's
wealth ? The highest compliment I can recall
to the quality and character of this interest is
to remind the Senate of its superiority by the
fact that the grand duke was presented from
American iron works with a book oftwo hundred
and forty-two leaves of iron compressed into
an inch of thickness, one half the tenuity of
paper—a test of tensile quality above the best
of Russia iron. This, with lumber and all
the other enumerated articles, the bill would
paralyze.
jf Now, what is the proposition? Draw the
(parallel between the one I propose and the
'one proposed by the bill. The remission of
two dollars duty on lumber would be $4,000,-
000 on the amount Michigan supplies, for
that is the aggregate of her production. This
■would be a per capita upon her population of
$3 00. By the plan of my amendment, based
upon the precedent of Portland, the amount
would be $400,000 and a per capita of twenty-
eight cents; a difference in burden of $3 32
per capita upon this single production of one
State. The Senate and the country will readily
see how onerous this is on the interests of
Michigan, compelling her and her own suffer-
ers by fire to provide for their own recovery not
only, but to contribute thus largely and com-
pulsorily for the benefit of Chicago. I suggest
this not with any disposition to disparage
Chicago ; all have pride in that city, and
speaking for myself, 1 have not only pride but
interests in Chicago, and am disposed to aid
her, but only let it be through some just method.
How stands that city of Chicago? I notice
that in relation to their monetary interests it
is officially stated in the Chronicle that their
banks stand to-day upon a better footing than
the banks of any "State of the Union. I also
see it stated that Chicago is so rapidly recov-
ering that they have already in process of con-
struction five elegant hotels, three of which
will eclipse any in the Union. Another evi-
dence the press cites as illustrative of her rapid
recuperation is that five theaters thrive in
that city, and are so well supported as to be
taking in $5,000 a week, so stated. I merely
refer to these published items to show how
Chicago stands and thrives.
Now let me allude to another fact, and I
am passing rapidly over this, for I am not
disposed to take up time unnecessarily; but
this is a question which involves large inter-
ests and 1 cannot shrink from my duty in this
respect. Let me compare Chicago with Mich-
igan. Although the fire swept largely the
heart of Chicago, yet much is left. All the
foundations are there; all their streets are
untouched, all sewers and gas-pipes under
ground are undisturbed and are so much
toward the reconstruction of the city. They
do not find everything swept away as in Mich-
igan, towns entirely burned, property entirely
destroyed, many, yea very many, rejecting
homes from the stnmp. Another fact that the
country understands and will criticise is this,
that but a small proportion of the hundred
and odd thousand who were driven from their
homes and business owned the real estate of
Chicago. In fact, the $20,000,000, or whatever
is proposed to be given for relief, would be
not altogether for the sufferers in Chicago,
but largely for the property-holders of Chi-
cago. We would not especially object to that;
but I state it as a fact which many affirm, that
about twenty thousand—no one puts it higher
than thirty thousand—are real estate owners
of the one hundred and ten thousand thrown
out of business and homes by the-fire, and
quite a portion of this property is held by
capitalists at the East.
This proposition is to aid not so ruuch the
immediate and greater sufferers, but men who
have had property destroyed, and propose now
to reerect buildings upon a grander scale. We
have, in the broadest sense, no objection to
this, because, as I stated before, in one sense
it matters but little how the relief comes, pro-
vided it comes equitably, and comes, as it pro-
poses, to rebuild the city of our pride, the
central city of the West, and there is no dis-
position to oppose it. But what we object to
is that the distribution is not fairly to be made,
and on this we have a right to speak.
Now, sir, what will be the result if this bill
passes ? In order to secure the remission of
this revenue, goods and lumber must be im-
ported. It cannot be said that its effect will
be felt upon the market unless it is practically
carried into operation. How will that be done ?
Canadian vessels will be invited to bring lum-
ber to the market of Chicago, and already, in
Georgian bay, mills have been secured in
advance, since this bill has been pending, in
order to flood the market of Chicago with
Canadian lumber.
How is it that they can compete with .Mich-
igan and its lumbermen? In the first instance
all they pay for stumpage, or, as they call it,
royalty, is from twenty-five to forty cents a
thousand. Michigan lumbermen, many of
wkoux do not own their land, but purchase
timber of capitalists, have to pay from three
to four dollars stumpage. Thus it will be seen
that from the first blow cut, Michigan labors
under a disadvantage of about thrfee dollars in
competition with Canadian lumbermen. So
that the efVect of this bill would be to invite
Canadian lumber in Canadian vessels, thus not
only striking a blow at the lumber interests of
the States, but damaging the commerce of the
lakes. During reciprocity, how often was seen
the British flag flying in the harbor of Chicago!
Seldom do we see it now. Let this bill pass
and it will be reversed again, and your own
flag must measurably give place to the Cana-
dian. You offer that disastrous invitation by
this bill. Yonr own vessels going with wheat
from Chicago to the sea-board cannot compete,
because on their return they come light, while
Canadian vessels can from Georgian bay,
and even from Port Colborne, load back with
lumber, thus interfering seriously with the
trade of American bottoms. With wheat
down and lumber in return up the lakes, Cana-
dian bottoms can underbid American vessels
and monopolize the carrying trade of the
lakes. With this double application of the
bill, the Canadian lumber and vessels^ are
given vastly the advantage over the American,
and for that reason I protest against the
method of this bill, and ask that my amend-
ment, which I now send to the Chair to be
read, may be considered in view of the vote
on reconsideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mi\ An-
thony in the chair.) The proposed amend-
ment will be read for information.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out the second section of the bill and in lien
thereof to insert:
That there 3liall be allowed and paid, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
under such regulations as the Seoietovy of the
Treasury shall prescribe, to the owners of all mate-
rials actually used in buildings erected on the
ground burned over by said fire, the sum ot $500,000:
Provided, Application therefor bo made within two
years of the passage of this act.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Mr. President,
I care substantially less about the amount,
whether it be four hundred thousand or five
hundred thousand or a million, or it may be
twenty millions. My desii-e is that whatever
the amount be, Michigan shall stand with other
States upon the same basis upon which taxa-
tion is assessed throughout the land. If you
are practically to dismiss the tariff by aban-
doning that system of raising revenue, you
