1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8645
■work of death and destruction. Naught is supposed
to remain as mute witnesses of the tragedy except
the charred remains and the ashes of the humble
home. What a theme for the pulpit! Whatafield
for the missionary I But the miscreants thus regard-
less of every obligation toward God and man arenot
even hardened criminals though they seem used to
the work. They are of the more decent sort in their
past associations in the community. What demon,
then,could have inspired them todosuch deeds of
blood? Whence did they gather courage for the
task before them? What hope of escape from its
just consequences did they rest upon ?
. " No sane man in any well-regulated law-abiding
country, in no State or land under the sun where
crime is punished, could have hope of avoiding de-
tection or punishment, so richly deserved. They
•were neither stupid nor ignorant above others, nor
could they have been unaware of thedutyofsociety
to detect and punish them for it. Yet it had no ter-
rors for them. A savage might have hesitated, not
they. Cruder far were they than many beasts of
prey that only attack human life when there is
naught else to satiate the cravings of hunger.
"Alas! the examples of lawlessness unpunished,
and scarcely unrebuked, were before them. Lynch-
ings had been frequent in the past; school-houses
and churches had been burned with impunitv. No
one had suffered inconvenience from it save the vic-
tims. In notaremote county acongregation of wor-
shipers were fired into at night by a band of Ku Klux,
regardless of whom it might wound and kill. Still
no one has been molested on account of it. And
until the recent United States grand j uries took cog-
nizance of these crimes, all criminal acts affecting
only a certain class went 'scot free.
"The disposition to commit crime grows with the
impunitjpwith which it may be done; and the zest
for its repetition and monstrosity strengthens by
practice, and is made perfect by experience.
Had the smalleroffenses been regarded as worthy
of punishment, how much guilt might have been
prevented. But as in so far us it fell upon Repub-
licans it was winked at, and as the perpetrators
were never made to pay the law's penalty, it mat-
tered little who was concerned in it. No State court
in Alabn ma haa ever yet punished any criminal act
of a.n atrocious character when the victim was a
Radical, white or black, that we are aware of.
"It so happens that many teach, whether they
think it or not. that the moral responsibility for
maiming and killing Republicans rests with Re-
publicans ; and they being themselves morally the
cause of guilt, have no one to blame but themselves
for whatever penalty irresponsible persons may
exact. This is a ready and satisfactory plea to the
offender, when available. It is only necessary fc to
hold the Radical party primarily responsible for
every case of lynching that has occurred in the
State,' and what jury could be found to find a ver-
dict of guilty when the circumstances of pollution
or justification are so undoubted?
"It is true, Radicals themselves do not find that
sort of reasoning very convincing or consoling; but
then who cares? Let them leave the country or
behave themselves, according to Democratic ideas.
3Now, the above standard of moral obligation and
sense of social and personal duties may answer in a
jurisdiction where the State from any cause does
not punishciiine, and where the Constitution of the
United States and the laws thereof, whatever their
language, are held not to protect, nor as being
intended to protect the lives of the citizens, as was
gravely attempted to be argued before Judge Bus-
teed on the trial of the Elmore county conspirators.
And, happily, the attempt to do so whs disallowed,
the presiding judge holding that it would be a
stigma 011 the Government if such were true.
"In face of a public opinion that Radicals are mor-
ally responsible for every act of lynching they suffer
in this State; from whipping, wherever trouble-
some; or shooting and burning them, as in Elmore;
or hanging, as at Patona, when especially obnoxious,
we confess we have a partiality for the Federal judi-
ciary where that theory is not permitted to avail.
"We can and do appreciate the vigor and determ-
ination displayed by Judge Busteed to put an end
to this iniquitous practice within bis jurisdiction.
It was not undertaken before needed. Had the
Crossland or Boyd murderers been ferreted out
and hung, the Patona tragedy would never have oc-
curred. Had the Patona murderers stretched hemp,
these miserable prisoncis would notlmgei in jail to
answer for the horrid crime technically charged to
them, though morally to the Radicals. And should
the Federal judiciary tail from any cause to protect
Radicals, where is their protection to come from in
the face of a sentiment so revolting and vile as that?
For whatsoever the legal responsibility may be for
lynching Radicals, every act finds its mitigation, if
not its warrant, in the presence of Radicalism. We
honor the judiciary, we uphold the judge that shall
guaranty even to Radicals the right to life, liberty,
and property under the constitution and laws of our
country.
"In our humble judgment, the moral guilt of
these crimes upon Radicals lies at the door of a pub-
lic sentiment fostered by political demagogues, from
whose vile teachings every patriotic and law-abid-
ing, God-fearing citizen should recoil with dismay;
and whom every parent, wife, child, and friend of
the poor dupes who now suffer, or may yet suffer
the righteous judgment of God and men, as well as
the dupes themselves, should shun and execrate as
the real authors of their calamity and prime insti-
gators of their dreadful guilt.
" Until the good men and true in our country shall
discard such moral lepers, there can be neither peace
nor prosperity in the land we live. But whatever
man may do in his cruelty to his fellow-man, there
is an all-seeing, avenging Eye that never sleeps, and
though long-suffering, will near the cry of the poor
and the wail of the oppressed. Man may screen,
but God and time will make all things even."
Mr. President, this is the narrative of but
one of too many Ku Klux murders ; and, so
far as brutality and cruelty are concerned, is
far less revolting, horrible as it is, than other
cases coming under my notice. I do not know
that I can add one word of force to the com-
mentary of the editor of the Republican Sen-
tinel. It is calm, deliberate, and convincing.
It speaks trumpet-tongued in the simplicity
of its truth, and as such I commend it to the
reason and consideration of all well-meaning
men.
Hardly a day passes without my receiving
letters from the Unionists of Alabama, beg-
ging me to use every effort to continue the
provisions of the enforcement act, and I advo-
cate and urge the passage of this bill in defer-
ence to my sense of duty, and because the
imperative necessity is forced upon me by the
repeated crimes, defiant attitude, and con-
tinued threats of banded outlaws. Without
this action of Congress, I fear for the lives of
our Union people, and look for nothing but
disorder, violence, and bloodshed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. BLAIR. If the Senatbr will permit
me, I desire to correct a statement made by
the Senator from Alabama in reference to the
amount of the debt of that State. The Sen-
ator called in question the statement that I
made, and I think he asserted that of these
thirty-eight millions of debt thirteen millions
were old confederate debts.
Mr. SPENCER, I did not assert it. I said
I did not know how the Senator could have
arrived at any such conclusion unless he did
include that.
Mr. BLAIR. Well, sir, the story is a very
plain one. It will be seen by referring to
the report of the majority and that of the
minority of the committee to investigate the
condition of the southern States that they
concur entirely as to the debt of Alabama.
They concur as to the amount of debt which
was due in 1860; they concur in the different
items of the debt since; and they concur in
the total amount of the debt, $38,000,000. I
have their reports before me. I have the
items in each report. I find that Mr. David
A. Wells, who was a Republican Commis-
sioner of Revenue, examining this same sub-
ject, states that the debt in 1865 was less by
one or two millions than we place it. lie gives
it as only $5,000,000 in 1860, and in 18G6-67
$6,304,000, showing that tbis entire increase
of debt has originated under the carpet-bag
government which had possession of the State
of Alabama.
Mr. SPENCER. I will inquire, if the gen-
tleman will allow me to interrupt him, if we
ever had a carpet-bag government there?
Mr. BLAIR. 1 think, considering what the
gentleman had to do with it himself, he ought
to have been better acquainted with it to-day.
I have both the statements before me. Since
the Senator has challenged the correctness of
the minority statement, and said he did not
know how we got it, I will give it to h;m:
The direct bonded indebtedness of the State of Ala-
bama is $5,442,300 00
Her indebtedness on account of the
school fund is  2,793.995 05
She is further indebted for outstanding
certificates, auditor's warrants, and
temporary loan of Lehman, Burr & Co. 623,672 32
The total is  8,761,967 37
To this mu)-t be added the amount bor- .
rowed by Governor Lindsay to pay the
interest on the Alabama and Chat-
tanooga bonds  545,000 00
Altogether these items foot up .....$9,306,967 37
The present contingent liabilities of the State
consist of bonds to the following roads, namely:
Alabama and Chattanooga $7,300,000
East Alabama and Cincinnati   320,000
Grand Trunk  820,000
Mobile and Montgomery  2,500,000
Montgomery aod Eufaula -  1,260,000
Selmaand Gulf.    480.000
Selma, Marion, and Memphis     720,000
South and North  2,200,000
Savannah and Memphis  320,000
The total present contingent debt is there-
fore $15,420,000
Of this, the $7,300,000 of Alabama and Chatta-
nooga railroad bonds has already virtually become
a part of the direct indebtedness of the State, so
far as they shall be recognized as legal and -valid
claims against the State. Altogether, the present
direct and contingent liabilities of the State are
$24,726,907 37.
Alarming as these figures are, they do not tell
the whole truth. Under the State-aid law, each of
the roads in progress in the State, which had twenty
miles done and accepted by the State on the 1st of
Novt?tcfber last, is entitled to the State indorsement
of its bonds to the amount of $16,000 a mile, as each
builds five-mile sections ; and as all these roads will
probably be pushed to completion, we must add to
the liabilities of the State the amount of these
future indorsements. We are unable to give exact
figures, but the following estimate of the amount to
which eacti of these roads will be entitled is not far
from correct.
Then the list of the roads is given, and the
total liabilty is $14,200,000. Here, then, we
have the liabilities of the State summed :
Present direct indebtedness $9,306,967 37
Present contingent liabilities 15,420,000 00
Future contingent liabilities  14,200,000 00
In all $38,926,967 37
The report of the majority gives the same
figures and I am surprised that the Senator
with these two reports before him, the major-
ity consisting of members of the Senator's
own friends, should express any doubt as to
the accuracy of the statements which I have
made, and should venture before the Senate
to contradict statements authorized by all the
members of the committee who examined the
subject carefully. The majority in their re-
port, page 171, state:
"At the close of the fiscal year 1871 the debt was
$8,484,010 78. It is estimated now, by increase from
the Alabama and Chattanooga railroad and other
debts, at $9,306,967 37. Increase since 1870, $1,402,-
568 45. Estimated contingent and prospective lia-
bilities, $29,620,000. The contingent liabilities for
railroads were increased by amendments to the gen-
eral act of 1867 so as to make the aid $16,000 instead
of $12,000 per mile, and by special acts granting aid
to several roads, amounting to $6,000,000.
" The increase of liabilities caused by incieasing
the aid under the general act from $12,000 per mile
to $16,000 per mile, being $4,000 per mile on all roads
which have been or may be built under the general
act, has added to existing contingent liabilities
$2,355,000, and to prospective liabilities $3,550,000.
Total increase of liabilities under the general act by
increase of rate per mile, $5,905,000. Increase by
special acts, $6,000.000,. Total increase by legisla-
tion of 1868 and 1870, $11,905,000.
"The benefits of the general act are limited to
roads which shall have had twenty miles constructed
on the 1st day of November, 1871, and the law pro-
vides that the bonds shall not be sold for less than
ninety per cent. *
" Toe bonds are to be indorsed as the road is com-
pleted in sections. On proof that the section has
been built by the company from its own resources,
other than those derived fiom the bonds, and not to
be replaced from their proceeds, the company is
bound to provide for the interest on the bonds, and
at the end of five years from the first indorsement
to set apart from the earnings of the road two per
cent, on the bonds indorsed, to be invested in State
securities, as a siuking fund for the payment of the
bonda at maturity.
"The State reserves a first lien, with the right to
take possession and selltheroads on default. Under
these acts there had been bonds indorsed to Septem-
ber 30,1871, to the amount of ^15,420,000"—
The exact amount given by the minority—
"and we understand that roads have been com-
menced which, if completed, will be entitled to
additional bonds, estimated at $14,200,000/'
Precisely theamonnt stated by the minority,
" The contingent liabilities of the State for rail-
roads on Septemper 30, 1871, as per auditor's report,
was as follows."
Then comes the schedule:
"Total contingent liabilities, $15,420,000."
The report of the majority goes on to say:
"The railroad acts were adopted by votes of men
