1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1853
of the pleasure-yacht Lois to that of Sea
Witch, and to change the name of the yacht
William M. Tweed to that of Julia;
A bill (H. II. No. 284) to pay William P.
Preston the sura therein named; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1867) for the relief of
James T. Johnston.
order of business.
Mr. COLE. It has been a long time since
the Senate has been troubled with an appro-
priation bill. I have here a bill which I wish
the Senate would give me permission to con-
sider to-morrow morning in the morning hour:
Senate bill No. 49, providing for carrying the
mail by steamship between the United States
and Australia. It is a bill of great importance
to the whole country, and it is one in which
my constituents take very special interest, and
it is a bill I am sure that ought to receive the
attention of the Senate. I am aware we can-
not go on with it now, as the chairman of the
Committee on Finance has stated that he will
ask for the regular order promptly at one
o'clock to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from California that the
practice has never yet been commenced in the
Senate of giving unanimous consent to take
up a bill on some future day or some future
hour, _ except by. making it a special order
when it has to run the risk of being antagon-
ized by unfinished business.
Mr. COLE. I asb that a day be fixed for
its consideration, as it is a matter of so much
national importance, having been recom-
mended by the President in several annual
messages.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California desires that the bill alluded to by
himself shall be made a special order. There
are now two or three special orders on the Cal-
endar. If he will name a day, the Chair will
submit the motion to the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I will say next Monday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is proposed
' that the bill alluded to by the Senator from
California shall be made the special order for
Monday.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better
resume the unfinished business.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask to call up the
resolution fixing Monday for the consideration
of bills reported from t he Committee on Com-
mere©
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. LOGAN. The morning hour has ex-
pired, I believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not yet. Jt is
very near expiring. The Senator from Michi-
gan asks to call up his resolution fixing Mon-
day next for the consideration of bills reported
from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection after
the tariff bill is disposed of, and I hope we
shall get through with that this week.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the tariff bill is before
the Senate, upon which the Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Fkelikghcysen'] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to lay the tariff
bill aside.
debates of congress.
Mr. ANTHONY. I was going to ask per-
mission of the Senator from New Jersey to
allow me to call up a bill for the purpose of
Laving a conference committee ordered.
The^VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from New Jersey yields the Chair will submit
all these questions separately. The Senator
from Rhode Island asks that the Senate take
up the House amendment to the bill (S. No.
681) providing for the reporting and printing
of the debates of Congress, so that he may
renew his request for the appointment of a
committee of conference. Is there objection ?
The Chair hears none. The Senator from
Rhode Island moves that the Senate non-con-
cur in the House amendment and ask for the
appointment of a committee of conference.
Therebeing no objection, it was so ordered;
and the Vice President was by unanimous con-
sent authorized to appoint the committee.
Messrs. Axthony, Hamlin, and Casserly
were appointed the conferees on the part of
the Senate.
business of committee on commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to have a
vote on my resolution if the Senator from
New Jersey will allow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will require
unanimous consent unless the Senator from
New Jersey yields the floor absolutely, so that
the Senator from Michigan may make amotion
to lay the tariff bill on the table and take up
his resolntion.
Mr.^ SHERMAN. I object to that. I have
no objection to a vote being taken on the prop-
osition.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator does not
object I ask for the vote on it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to the tariff bill
being laid aside.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the resolution of the Senator from Mich-
igan.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know whether re-
ports from the Committee on Privileges and
Elections are privileged reports or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They have never
been considered in this body as having any
higher privilege than that when a Senator has
given notice of his desire to call up a resolu-
tion of that character the Chair awards the
floor to him as soon as he can do it. subject to
prior claims, as in this case the claim of the
Senator from New Jersey. If the Senator
from Illinois desires to antagonize that ques-
tion against the tariff bill, the Chair, if he
claims the floor, will award it to llim after the
Senator from New Jersey has concluded his
remarks, that, he may test the sense of the
Senate upon it. It is no question of privilege,
as in the House of Representatives, that can
be called up in antagonism to other business.
Mr. LOGAN. I will merely make a state-
ment to the Senate. I have no desire to antag-
onize the tariff bill with any proposition I may
have charge of; but I was talking to the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance yesterday
evening in reference to this bill, and I had a
conversation with the Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Carpenter] this morning, who made the
minority report m the North Carolina case,
and my object is to have an agreement made
in order to preveut antagonism, for I have no
desire to do that. My intention was to call up
the North Carolina case this morning, as I
gave notice the other day; but in conference
with these Senators I find there is no disposi-
tion (and I have no fault to find with them) to
lay aside the tariff bill. I would like to make
some agreement with the Senate as to the time
the North Carolina case shall come up. It is
an important one, and it ought to be decided.
The reason I objected to the proposition of
the Senator from Michigan was that Monday
was the day that in conference with the Sen-
atorfrom Wisconsin he and myself were agreed,
if the Senate would allow us, to take up this
question, so as not to antagonize other meas-
ures, and I would like to have that day. That
was the reason of my objection to the propo-
sition of the Senator from Michigan to give
Monday to his committee. If we cannot have
a day fixed, I shall have to insist some time
soon on calling up the question ; but if the
Senate will let us have Monday for the dispo-
sition of it and sit it out until it is determined,
so as to decide whether this gentleman is enti-
tled to a seat or not, which I think ought to
be decided, it will be perfectly satisfactory so
far as the committee is concerned. " I thirik
there can be no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What day does
the Senator suggest?
Mr. LOGAN. I suggest Monday. 1 ' '
The VICEPRESIDENT. Tlie Senate have
by a vote already assigned that day to the
Committee on Commerce ; but it is subject to
reconsideration or to unanimous consent over-
riding it.
Mr. LOGAN. The reason I desired the
attention of the Chair at the time the Senator
from Michigan was on the floor was this: if
the Committee on Commerce have their mat-
ters come before the Senate on Monday, as I
understand from the chairman the number of
bills they have to consider, it will postpone
the North Carolina case to quite a late day,
which certainly does strike toe as not being
proper treatment toward applicants for seats
in this body. I move to reconsider the vote
that fixed Monday for the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I hope the Sen-
ator will observe that my colleague is not ia
his seat before he makes that motion.
Mr. LOGAN. I merely ask that some day
suitable to the Senator from Wisconsin and
other Senators upon the Committee on "Priv-
ileges and Elections be fixed. That will be
perfectly satisfactory to me.
Mr. CARPENTER. As far as I am con-
cerned, any day next week will suit; I only
want to know what day it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair may
be indulged in stating to the Senator from Illi-
nois that at this period of the session in this
body, with the pressure of appropriation bills,
tariff bills, &c., eyen a question of this char-
acter will probably have to be antagonized
against something to be called up, because by
the rule the unfinished business pending at
the adjournment in the evening has priority of
special orders, questions of privilege, and
everything else at one o'clock the next day.
Anything pending at the close of this week
will have precedence of the business of the
Committee on Commerce, which has been
assigned for Monday.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senate will agree to
give the Committee on Privileges and Elec-
tions Tuesday, inasmuch as they have agreed
to devote Monday to the Committee on Com-
merce, we will accept that; but I will say to
the Senate that if an agreement of this kind
cannot be made, I will then antagonize the
consideration of the report of the committee
in the North Carolina case against whatever
measures may come up after the tariff bill is
disposed of.
The VICEPRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois asks that Tuesday next be assigned for
the consideration of the report of the Commit-
tee on Privileges and Elections in the case of
the claim of Mr. Abbott to a seat from North
Carolina.
Mr. CONKLING. The question the Sen-
ator from Illinois wishes to advance, although
not formally a question of privilege, is really
and essentially so, as might be interred from
the remark of the Chair. For that reason
and for others I should be glad to vote or to
consent in such wise as to advance the determ-
ination of that question. I wish to say,
however, that I shall interpose an objection
wherever one objection will avail, and a vote
wherever that will avail, to prevent anything
being taken up to supersede the tariff and pre-
vent final action upon it. I make this remark
without reference to any view or theory in
regard to the tariff, without reference neces-
sarily to the fate of the tariff bill before us,
whether it is to succeed or whether it shall
fail. I make my remark impelled to it by this,
that the worst possible disposition of the tariff
bill is to have it hang as it is now, and to
have, as I might almost say, great multitudes
