1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Removal of Political Disabilities—Mr. Saulsbury.
Senate.
of the same party threatening the order and
the peace of that State, while the intelligent
and true men of Louisiana are denied the
privilege of sitting in her legislative councils ;
the State ruined and bankrupt under the opera-
tions of the proscriptions of the fourteenth
amendment. Therefore I say that the highest
public policy demands that these disabilities
be removed at once and forever.
But, Mr. President, I go further, and say
(hat tfeis is not only a measure demanded by
high considerations of public policy, but I
hold it is demanded by the highest claims of
justice. I know it has been said in debate,
said by some of the friends of amnesty, said
by the Senator from South Carolina who sits
at my right, [Mr. Sawyer,] said by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, the chairman of the
Committee on Alleged Southern Outrages,
[Mr. Scott,] that they did not place it on the
ground of justice, that they did not ask it on
that ground. I do. P say that while it is
a measure demanded by high considerations
of public policy, it is likewise demanded by
public justice.
Now, sir, here is a class of our fellow-citi-
zens debarred of the rights and privileges that
the rest of us enjoy, and how are they de-
barred? By the operations of this fourteenth
amendment. I am not now going to discuss
the legality and binding force of that amend-
ment; that is not my object; but I mean to
say this: that whatever authority it may have,
however binding that amendment may be—and
upon that point I have my own opinion, and
upon a proper occasion should not hesitate to
express it—yet the very manner in which that
amendment was adopted entitles the men who
are placed under disabilities by it to have their
disabilities removed. We all know that that
amendment was proposed in the Congress of
the United States when these southern States
were not admitted to representation in the
Halls of Congress. They had no voice in the
proposition to submit the amendment to the
people of the country. On the contrary, their
States were under military rule and their most
intelligent citizens were not allowed to exer-
cise the privileges of freemen. Although that
amendment was afterward proclaimed as hav-
ing received the requisite number of votes to
become ratified and become a part of the Con-
stitution, yet the very manner in which it was
ratified and became a part of the Constitution
has raised the suspicion in the minds of many
that it has no legal or binding force in law.
But whether that be the case or not, the man-
ner in which the amendment was adopted
places the condition of those men upon such
questionable grounds that it seems to me to
be highly unjust that they should longer labor
under those disabilities.
I shall not further discuss this question, as
I wish to submit some views in reference to
the amendment proposed to this bill by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.]
I shall not discuss the constitutionality of
the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. That has been done so thoroughly
and ably by gentlemen who have preceded me
in debate that any argument on my part to dem-
onstrate the unconstitutionality of the measure
would be but a repetition of the exhaustive
arguments of the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Thukman] and the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Morkill] on that point. I wish to examine
the amendment in another aspect.
Now, when it is proposed to restore to the
persons laboring uuder disabilities the rights
of which they have been wrongfully deprived,
the Senator from Massachusetts comes forward
in an unfriendly spirit to the bill and proposes
this amendment. If his purpose is to defeat
amnesty, he will accomplish his object should
his amendment be adopted by the Senate.
There is not a man, I apprehend, in the whole
South now under disabilities that desires am-
nesty coupled wit.haprovision so degrading and
ruinous to his white fellow-cilizens through-
out the whole country. They know and feel that
they are unjustly deprived of rights enjoyed by
others; but they doubtless would still prefer
to suffer wrong rather than to see their wives
and children and their whole race degraded to
a common level with negroes. They ask for
justice, but they do not want to purchase it at
so dear a price.
The object of the Senator, however, I ap-
prehend is not so much to defeat amnesty as
to entail upon the country the odious measure
proposed by his amendment. However unre-
lenting his hostility to the South, and his
hatred to the men who are to be relieved by a
removal of disabilities, it is very manifest that
be is willing to make any sacrifice of feeling
if thereby he can entail upon the country his
peculiar views upon the subject of the perfect
equality between the races. It is difficult to
tell from the elaborate speech of the Senator
delivered in this Chamber some time since,
whether his hatred for the white race or his
friendship for the negro is the stronger feel-
ing of his heart. He wants the word "white"
obliterated, if not from the language, at least
whenever its application distinguishes between
the Anglo-Saxon and the African.
Sir, I have no objection to that Senator or
any one else entertaining the most kiudly feel-
ing toward the colored people. I certainly
have no hostility to them myself, and am will-
ing to extend to them, as an inferior race, the
sympathy to which they are entitled. I am
willing, if the Senator so desires, that he
should place himself upon a social level with
the colored people of this city ; that he should
take them to his house and make them his
companions and equals, although such a course
would be of evil example. Yet I have a right,
to protest, and I do protest, against his per-
sistent effort to drag down the race to which I
belong to a level with a race stamped with
inferiority by the Author of their being. It is
not a question that concerns me why the
Almighty in His creative power made one man
white and another black, or why He made one
race superior to the other. Such I find to be
the fact, and recognizing His absolute right to
do whatsoever seemeth Him good, I am not to
call in question His wisdom or His goodness.
It is enough for me to know that my lot has
been assigned with the race that has proved
its superiority by its achievements in knowl-
edge, in the arts and sciences, and in all that
constitutes true greatness and nobility of
character. For this my profoundest gratitude
is due to the Author of my being, and I am
placed under the most binding obligation to
maintain for my race that superiority to which
it is entitled by the decrees of God himself,
and here in the council of my country 1 pro-
claim that no act of mine shall assist to drag
it down and place it on an equality with an
inferior race. Sir, with my convictions on this
subject it would be nothing less in me than
treason to the white race and treason to the
Author of their being to aid in any respect the
passage of the measure proposed by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. I do not say that
he or any member of this Senate who may
give it his support, will be guilty of the same
crime, but in the exercise of that charity which
hides a multitude of sins, I am willing to hope
•' they know not what they do."
And yet with all my charity I cannot dis-
miss the suspicion from my mind that this
measure was conceived and brought forward
and is now urged as a measure to bind in
irrevocable bonds the union between the Re-
publican party and its colored allies. When
I remember the various acts of legislation that
has been brought forward and passed by Con-
gress in the last six years; how the public
money has been taken from the Treasury to
feed and clothe and educate the nation's
wards, as the negroes have been called, while
the poor white men of the country have been
taxed on the necessaries of life, and 110 appro-
priations of money have been made from the
Treasury for their support or the education of
their children; when I remember that the
ballot has been placed in the hands of the
most ignorant negroes of the land, while white
men have been kept from the polls at the
point of the bayonet ; when I remember that
political missionaries at the public expense
have been sent into all the southern and
border States to instruct and swear the col-
ored people to vote the Republican ticket;
when I know that without the negro vote the
Republican party, with President Grant as its
candidate at the next election, would be beaten
at least more than a half million votes, I
naturally conclude that this measure and every
kindred measure is designed and intended to
hold in fellowship with the Republican party
the 700,000 negro voters in the land.
Mr. President, I have no objection to a
monopoly of the negro votes by your party.
I want no affiliation, socially or politically,
with negroes. The Democracy of my State
have proclaimed in their platform that they do
not want and will not seek the negro vote, and
with that motto emblazoned on their banner
in the last canvass, and appealing only to white
men, they overcame the 5,500 negro votes
added to the Republican party, and swept the
State from one end of it to the other.
It is not that your party desires to monopo-
lize the negro vote that I object; it is to the
means by which you propose to accomplish it.
I especially object to the measure proposed by
the Senator from Massachusetts, to its general
object and purpose, because it proposes the
degradation of the while men and women of
the country, and seeks to place them upon an
equality socially and in every other respect
with a race their inferiors by nature as well as
by instinct and civilization.
But, says the Senator, this is not a question
of social equality. I be; leave to differ with
that Senator. I regard the measure proposed
by his amendment as one not only of social
equality, but of social equality enforced by
pains and penalties. If a man chooses to ride
in the same car with negroes, if he voluntarily
attends the same church and sits in the same
pew, and of his own motion sends his children
to the same school to be educated in the same
class, to eat at the same table, and sleep in the
same bed, then he chooses social equality with
negroes for himself and his children. That is
social equality from choice. But, if, on the
other hand, he is compelled to l-idp in the same
car, eat at the same table and sleep in the same
bed, attend the same church and sit in the
same pew, and send his children to the same
school, then it is enforced social equality; and
that is what the Senator's amendment proposes.
Look at its provisions :
That no citizen of the United States shall, by
reason of race, color, or previous condition of
servitude, be excepted or excluded from the full
and equal enjoyment of any accommodation, advan-
tage, facility, or privilege lurnished by inn-keepers;
by common carriers, whether on land or water; by
licensed owners, managers, or lessees of theaters or
other places of publicamusement; by trustees, com-
missioners, saperintendents, teachers, ana other
officers of- common schools and other public institu-
tions of learning, the same being supported by
moneys derived from general taxation or authorized
by law; by trustees and officers of church organiza-
tions, cemetery associations, and benevolent insti-
tutions incorporated by national or State authoiity.
And these provisions are to be enforced by
the severest penalties. Fines and imprison-
ment are to be meted out to all who refuse the
equality provided for in this bill. Sir, if your
wife leaves her home unattended and travels
by any railroad iu the country, she dare not
refuse to admit any negro, male or female,
