958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
must resort to direct taxation, and if bo, that
can only constitutionally be based upon the
population of the country, and upon that base
■we are ready to meet our amount, whether
large or small. But to be subjected to the
destruction of one of our great industries when
our own people are now recuperating from
great losses and sufferings is a measure of
relief that cannot command my support. I
will here have read a letter in part from Manis-
tee, Michigan, showing with what energy and
alacrity they have applied themselves to their
recovery from heavy losses by fire ; an earn-
est of the spirit reigning in a State where the
Governor has officially stated that she needs
no more relief. She is helping herself, and we
have the maxim that they are helped who help
themselves :
" Manistee, January 22,1872.
"We are now in the severest of one of our northern
winters. In the vicinity of Lake Michigan thesnow
ia deep, but since the last week of November we
have had constant and excellent sleighing. This is
agreeable to our lumbermen, who are putting in an
unusually large stock of logs. It is estimated that
not less than two hundred and twenty-five million
feet are already contracted for to be delivered here
for manufacture the coming season.
"The great demand for lumber during the latter
part of the fall and early winter has been a great
blessing and relief to our laboring classes, so many
of whom were burned out.
"The lumbering camps were established in the
pineries earlier than usual, and employ a greater
number of men. Hot less than twelve hundred of
our laboring population are now dispersed in camps
on the two Manistee rivers. This has greatly re-
lieved the pressure for shelter and sustenance con-
sequent on the great fire, so that the amount of real
suffering experienced here is very small, no greater,
it is believed, than in former winters. Many are
living very frugally, very many are 'doubled up'
in families, anil quite a number of families are still
dispersed for want of accommodations; but yet,
thanks to the very liberal and timely help from kind
friends throughout the States and country, we are
able to say that no great amount of suffering has
been experienced.
"Cheerfulness, energy, and industry prevail on
every hand. There are feweridlers about tho streets
this winter than have ever been seen before in Man-
istee. Work is superabundant. Wages are excel-
lent. No one need suffer who is able and willing
to work.
"All fear lest 'relief' from 'outside' should de-
moralize the working classes passed with the first
two weeks after tho fire. They were never more
industrious, frugal, temperate, or orderly, and we
look forward to tho coming spring with the highest
anticipations for our young city.
"All the steam mills destroyed by the fire will be
restored, as good as or better than before, in time to
start up with the opening of spring, except the mill
of Tyson & Robinson, and that will be replaced by
the enlargement of one of their other mill?. On
every hand, mills, shops, stores, and dwellings are
rising."
Manistee is rebuilding her destroyed mills,
so that every mill that was burned will be re-
erected and ready for next season's operations.
Their men are in the woods at work, and while
labor there is at a high paying rate, at Chicago,
as stated by the Tribune, they are dissuading
laborers from coming there for employment.
In other words, we propose not only to rebuild
and restore our own severe losses, but to con-
tribute our proportion to the reconstruction of
Chicago. Only place ltupon an equitable basis,
and we have no word in opposition to sav.
Mr. CARPENTER. I think that the dis-
tribution which is proposed to be effected by
the bill is a very unjust one. It is estimated
that one hundred and ten thousand people
were sufferers in the Chicago fire. I presume
not over ten or twelve thousand of that num-
ber were owners of real estate. Probably
one half that number have been ruined by the
fire and will be compelled to sell out at such
prices as they can get; so that the number
who are really to profit by this bill will not be
over from five to eight thousand, and they are
to get the entire benefit which ought to be dis-
tributed among all the sufferers. If you make
an appropriation of so much money, you may
provide that it shall be. distributed equitably
by the authorities of Chicago, or by the dis-
trict judge, or by any other instrumentality
you choose to point out. Then the benefit
will be enjoyed by the rich and poor alike.
By this bill the poor men who are utterly
ruined by the fire at Chicago have no portion
of the relief which we afford. No such man
will ever be benefited a dollar by this bill. It
is only the men of wealth, the men of such
substantial capital that they could stand up
against such a calamity and rebuild their
blocks in Chicago, that are to get the benefit
of this bill. If the nation is to step in and roll
back the waves of a calamity like this, it
should see to it that its bounty is partaken by
all the sufferers. They should not adopt
means which must in the nature of things con-
fine our donation to wealthy men who really
do not need it. You take from a rich man ten
or fifteen or twenty thousand dollars. Of
course it is a loss which he is reluctant to
bear, which no man wishes'him to bear; yet
if he has enough left to rebuild and go on how
is his loss to be compared to that of the poor
man, who is utterly ruined, and finds himself
with his wife and children in the open air with-
out shelter or protection, without any means
of subsistence or any occupation to employ
his industry? And the Government proposes
now to give its bounty only to those who really
do not need it, the men of capital and wealth,
and turn away from those ninety thousand
poor people who are absolutely and actually
ruined by that fire.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, it is not my
intention to detain the Senate at any great
length ; but I feel that it is proper that 1 should
answer some of the arguments that have been
made in opposition to this bill. I must say
that as arguments they were good enough, but
they were of a very strange character. I will
first for a very short time examine the propo-
sition made by the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Carpenter.]
He takes the bill that is proposed to the
Senate, reads it, and compares it with a sec-
tion of the Constitution, and declares that in
his judgment as a lawyer it is unconstitutional.
That Senator is, perhaps, somewhat like my-
self, a little impulsive; and sometimes he may
possibly—I do not say that he does—speak
without mature consideration. When this bill
was up for discussion before, the Senator did
not think it unconstitutional. The Senator
from Wisconsin at that time was one of its
friends, or at least I so understood him. He
desired some amendment, and was a friend of
the bill. It was not then unconstitutional, but
it has become unconstitutional recently. Per-
haps his attention had not been called to this
section prior to that debate, and perhaps it
has been by suggestions made by resolutions
in his own State in opposition to this bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. My friend certainly
does not wish to misrepresent me on that
point.
Mr. LOGAN. Not at all.
Mr. CARPENTER. The only provision
of the Constitution to which my attention was
directed when this bill was proposed was that
in relation to discriminating in favor of the
ports of one State over those of another ; and
I was satisfied that this bill was not in conflict
with that provision. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Scott,] in a subsequent discus-
sion, on the first day when the motion to recon-
sidered was debated, called my attention to
this section for the first time. Now, if the
Senator can find how this bill -can stand con-
sistent with that section, I shall be delighted
to hear him.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, then, first, there was
one provision found in the Constitution which
seemed to the minds of some Senators to con-
flict with the bill. That was abandoned, how-
ever, and now another is found that the bill
seems to be in conflict with. What is that ?
That all imposts, duties, and excises shall be
uniform throughout the United States. I should
like some Senator to explain to me how this
bill disposes of the duties in any other way than
by a law making them uniform. What is meant
by uniform duties and uniform taxes? Uniform
rates. They all have the same meaning, and
what is it? That property shall not be taxed
in one manner here and in another manner
there; or in other words, you shall not tax lum-
ber seventy-five cents per thousand at one place
and two dollars per thousand at another. That
would not be uniform.
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to ask a
question right at that point, for we want to
have a common understanding. Would it be
uniform to pass a law saying that all lumber
imported into Massachusetts shall pay two
dollars a thousand, and that imported into
New York shall hare the money repaid?
Would that be uniform?
Mr. LOGAN. Uniform taxation! Cer-
tainly, and I can show it. Why not? If the
lumber is imported and pays its two dollars
tax at New York and two dollars tax when it
is imported at Boston, is not that a uniform
rate?
Mr. CARPENTER. That would relieve
the bill of any hostility to that section relating
to discriminations between the ports of differ-
ent States; but if one State is exempt from
paying duties on imported articles consumed
in that State, does the Senator maintain that
there are uniform duties as between that State
and the State that has to pay them?
Mr. LOGAN. I certainly do. Laying uni-
form duties is a different meaning from re-
funding duties. They are as distinct and sep-
arate as day from night. Uniform rates, uni-
form duties, require that the same duties shall
be paid on the article at the port where it is
received, and the bill does not interfere with
the paying of the duties at all on the articles
where they are received. They are dutiable
the same as they are without the bill, and pay
the same amount.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President 
Mr. LOGAN. I did not interrupt the gen-
tleman, and I hope I shall be permitted to
give my views without constant interruption.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to put one question more, and then I shall
be silent forevermore? The Constitution pro-
vides that direct taxation shall be apportioned
among the several States according to popula-
tion. _ Would an act which should apportion
taxation among all the States, and then pro-
vide that after Massachusetts had paid her
taxes they should be refunded to her, violate
the Constitution?
Mr. LOGAN. If there was a reason for
refunding the tax to Massachusetts, and the
Congress of the United States felt that for
some great reason, or because of some great
calamity, they were willing to make an appro-
priation back to Massachusetts of the amount
of taxation she had paid, there is not one let-
ter inthe Constitution that would be violated.
This bill is nothing more nor less than that
same proposition.
Mr. CARPENTER. Then Congress may
make 
Mr. LOGAN. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. If he desires to take the floor I will
yield to him and let him go on. If the Con-
gress of the United States proposes to appro-
priate, (as this is nothing more than an appro-
priation of this amount to the several persons
who are erecting buildings in the burned dis-
trict,) it has a right to do it out of the rev-
enues of the country, and this is nothing more
nor less than that. Does not the Senator from
Michigan propose now to appropriate, instead
of the remission of duties, $600,000 to Chi-
cago pity? What is that—an appropriation to
the city ? How? He proposes to appropriate
that to the city to be given to the men who
build houses prorata, as I understand him,
according to the value of the materials em-
ployed in building the houses. I believe that
is the way of it. He proposes, then, to appro-
priate the money from what? From the rev-
enues of the country that are deposited in the
I reasury of the United States. Is it any more
unlawful or unconstitutional to appropriate
from the revenues collected in the custom-
house for the benefit of individuals than it is
