10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 30,
Senate.
Removal of Political Disabilities—Mr. Saulsbury.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
who bas taken passage on the same train to be
seated at her side, and if she does object and
any gentleman interferes to protect her from
the intrusion he is visited with the pains and
penalties provided in this bill. Such, and so
abominable, for I cannot characterize them in
milder terms, are the provisions of this amend-
ment, that no railroad conductor in the land
will venture to insist that any negro man shall
forego the pleasure of a seat at the side of the
most refined and cultivated lady in the car,
provided she is occupying a seat alone. She
may be annoyed and rendered unhappy, but is
helpless if this amendment passes, for Con-
gress will have declared that there shall be no
discrimination. If a lady attends a theater I
presume she will not be liable to the same an-
noyances, as I suppose on such occasions she
would be attended by a gentleman friend.
Still I suppose she would be one of an audi-
ence considerably mixed, perhaps not more
than was witnessed in these lobbies the other
day to listen to the eloquence of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
I looked at that crowd, and a more appre-
ciative audience I presume the Senator could
not have desired, and beheld in the scene before
me a practical illustration of the doctrine he
was advocating. Not content with equality in
the theater, and in the railroad car, the hon-
orable Senator insists in this amendment that
there shall be equality in the house of public
■entertainment. The hotels of the land are to
be opened alike to black and white. They
must eat at the same table, and sleep under
the same roof. If the landlord has but one
spare bed, and two guests of the same sex,
one a white man and the other a negro, de-
mand lodgings in his house, he dare not pre-
fer his white friend, for that would be discrim-
ination on account, of race or color, and the
best hecould do under the circumstances would
be to offer them the same bed or spread a mat
on the floor for the white man, while his col-
ored guest stretched bis weary head on a
pillow of down.
But this amendment goes further; it pro-
poses to invade the sanctuary of the Most High,
and to exercise a supervisory power over tbe
churches of the land. Has it eome to this,
that the Christian church is to be regulated by
a law of Congress! Let Peter surrender the
keys, for the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts presupposes that neither the
great Head of the church-nor His vicegerent
on earth knows how to manage it aright. It
avails not that the minister of the Gospel holds
his commission from on high; that the trus-
tees, officers, aud members of church organ-
izations have spent their time and money to
erect houses of worship and have labored to
build up churches where they and their fami-
lies and children may worship God according
to the dictates of their own conscience. The
Massachusetts Senator proposes to intervene
by this amendment and deprive them of the
right of religious association with persons of
their own choice. Not only does it invade
the "courts of the Lord's house," but it ob-
trudes 011 the holy of holies—the altar and
tbo communion.
This amendment provides not only that any
negro may enter churches erected by white
people for their own accommodation at his
pleasure, and be seated promiscuously with
white persons, but shall have the full and
equal enjoyment with them of all the priv-
ileges of the church. The pewed churches of
your cities, especially if they demand a high
rent for the pews, might have some protection
against the indiscriminate admixture of the
races in the congregation; but where the pews
are not rented but free, the negroes may take
the highest seats in the synagogue, or mix up
at pleasure with the white congregation. With
such a state of things, do you expect the peo
pie to be satisfied? Would any white father
in the land be willing that his daughter should
be compelled to sit at the side of any negro
man who chose to walk into the same pew ? I
tell the Senator that may suit the taste of peo-
ple in Massachusetts, but it will not suit the
taste of the white people of Delaware.
But the amendment of the Senator does not
stop there. It encroaches upon the habitation
of the dead. Under the operation of this
amendment no one can feel assured that the
last resting-place of his loved ones, now no
more, will be secure from contact with negro
graves. It may be that the aged pilgrim, lean-
ing on his staff pointed out the spot where he
desired to be buried in the village cemetery,
hard by the place where reposed the bones
of his fathers, and indulged the hope that the
wife of his bosom and the children of his loins,
as they departed hence one by one, to be no
more among men, would be gathered at his
side. The pilgrim is no more; but his wid-
owed wife, still lingering on the shores of
time, occasionally repairs with her children to
the place of his burial, and recalls the joys of
a union which death has so rudely severed.
Lovely daughters strew flowers on his grave,
while noble sons recount the manly virtues of
the sire, and there on that sacred spot they
resolve, when life's fitful hour is past, they
will be in death as in life, an unbroken fam-
ily. Vain resolve; for ere the shaft of death
has again entered that circle tbe sons of Ham
intrude to bury their dead on either side of the
pilgrim's grave. Who shall bid them nay?
Not trustees of cemeteries, not sorrowing wife
or children ; for this amendment declares that
they shall not be excluded from the full and
equal enjoyment of any accommodation,
advantage, facility, or privilege furnished by
cemetery associations.
Tell me, Senators, is that the equality you
want? Wo, sirs, I know it is not. Human
malice would not inflict such anguish on bleed-
ing hearts. Nothing short of that malignity
that comes from hell would be gratified at
such a scene; and yet who can say that the
passage of this amendment will not produce
just such a result ? Who can say that beside
his own loved dead or hard by the spot where
in coming years all that remains of himself
may lie, there shall not be buried the dead
of the African race under the provisions of
this amendment should it-become a law? I
have heard of the man who dug a pit for
another and fell into it himself, and it may
be that in the dispensations of that Provi-
dence which sometimes visits men with retrib-
utive justice, even Senators who reside in New
England, where there are very few negroes,
and may feel themselves secure against the
operation of this bill, may find in their own
experience the bitter fruits which they propose
for others.
Turn to the provisions of this amendment
again, and you will observe that the common
schools of the country are to be opened indis-
criminately to white and black. If the com-
mon-school system in any State is authorized
by law, and all such systems are established
by law, then they are to be opened under this
amendment to all, without distinction of race.
It is not enough that the black child can goto
a colored school; he must be thrust, nolens
volens, among white children. The school
may be supported by taxation upon the prop-
erty of white men ; no colored person may
have contributed one cent to the erection of
the school-house, or be taxed to pay the
teacher, or support the school in any respect,
aud yet under this hill a refusal by the teacher
or commissioners of the school to admit his
children to all the advantages of the school,
subjects the teacher or officers of the school
so refusing to damages to theamountof $500,
and to imprisonment for uot less than thirty
days nor more than one year. Yes, sir, the
Senator from Massachusetts: proposes to com-
pel the white people of the country, who are
dependent upon common schools for the edu-
cation of their children, to send them there to
associate with colored children, or to keep
them at home without the advantages of ac-
quiring an education.
The rich man is not dependent upon com-
mon schools for the education of his children ;
even men in moderate circumstances may be
able to send their children to select schools or
colleges; but the poor man who labors from
day to day for the maintenance of his family,
with scarcely a dollar to spare for any other
purpose, must educate his children at the com-
mon schools or they must go without an educa-
tion. It is that class of men against whom
this legislation is directed. The children of
the poor men of the country must be educated
with negroes, while the children of the rich
are to be placed in schools of a higher grade.
That is the policy of this amendment. There
is not a Senator on this floor who, if he resided
in a southern or border State, or in any place
where there are any considerable number of
negroes, that would think of sending his child
to a common school if this amendment passes,
and yet many Senators will vote for this meas-
ure. Sir, the affection of the poor man for
his child is as strong as your own ; his desire
to educate him is as strong as your desire to
educate yours. He has not the same means
to do it, for fortune has favored him less.
Take not from him the advantages of the com-
mon school, nor debar him admission to its
privileges by introducing negroes into it.
Senators may suppose that the objection to
association in public assemblies and schools
with negroes is a mere matter of prejudice and
will soon pass away. I tell you nay. But
suppose it is a matter of prejudice, are the
prejudices of white men to be trampled on
with impunity? Do not history and observa-
tion alike attest that mankind cling with undy-
ing pertinacity to honest prejudices? But this
opposition is based upon something beside
prejudice, it arises from the irrepressible feel-
ing of superiority implanted in the white man
by his Maker, strengthened by his observation
and judgment. You may call it, if you please,
instinct; I care not what you call it; it is in-
separable from his being, and no power on earth
can overcome or eradicate it while he main-
tains his own self-respect. I am aware that
there is a fanaticism in the land bordering on
insanity that affects to regard no distinction
between the races, and which apparently or
really transfers the respect aud affection of its
victims from the white race to the African.
But this is an abnormal condition of mind
that excites both pity and contempt.
Look again at this amendment. It takes
hold of the benevolent institutions of the land
incorporated by national or State authority.
Where will Radicalism stop? Not satisfied
with degrading the living and insulting the
dead, it takes hold of the sympathies of hu-
manity and undertakes to control the charities
of the heart. Yes, sir; the benevolent insti-
tutions of the land are not to be allowed to
dispense their bounty as they please ; that, too,
must be a matter of congressional legislation.
Congress has provided liberally for the na-
tion's wards for the last few years, and estab-
lished a bureau, with General' Howard at its
head, to be the almoner of its bounty. Now
it is proposed to regulate by law every other
benevolent institution, and to control the chari-
ties contributed from the pockets of private
individuals. What is it to Congress if a female
benevolent society in my State, incpororated
by State authority, does not choose to admit
among its members any but white ladies, and
confines the distribution of its means, obtained
by private munificence, to the indigent or the
