s m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
of botjj parties—that of 1867 by. tl*e provisional
Legislature, which was Democratic) ana those ot
1868 and 18TO by the legislatures having Republican
majorities; but in no instance, to our knowledge,
■^?©re party lines drawn on these questions.
The Legislature of 1868 copsisted of a sen-
ate, every member of which, I think, was a
Radical, and the Senator hiipself knows very
well tliat the Democratic party in that election
had no candidates. I believe there was but one
member of that whole Legislature who was a
Democrat,
Mr. SPENCER. There were seven Demo-
crats in the house and one in the senate, I
think; but I am not positive as to the number.
Mr. BLAIR. The policy adopted by the
Democratic party in that election was not to
vote at all. The act of Congress required that
a majority of the registered vote of the_ State
should be required to adopt the constitution
which was presented, and the Democrats ab-
stained from voting and abstained from running
any candidates. In violation of the promises
held out to the people of Alabama, the officers
who had been voted for by the Radicals were
installed in office. The Democrats abstained
entirely and defeated the constitution, because
it did not get a majority of the registered vote
as required by the act of Congress, and all the
officers of the State were Radicals, and the
senate had but one Democratic member, and
the house, as the Senator states, had but seven
Democrats; and yet they are sought to_ be
made responsible for this profligate legislation.
Mr. SPENCER. That Senator must be
aware that this railroad State-aid law was a
law prior to that, passed by a Democratic
Legislature first, giving $12,000 a mile to rail-
roads, and the second law $16,000.
Mr. BLAIR. That was passed by the Legis-
lature of 1868.
Mr. SPENCER. The first was previous to
the reconstruction acts.
Mr. BLAIR. You are mistaken.
Mr. SPENCER. I am not mistaken. I
call upon my colleague as to that.
Mr. GOLDTHWAITE. If my recollection
serves me, it was passed in 18G7 or 1868.
Mr. SPENCER. Under the Patton admin-
istration in Alabama?
Mr. GOLDTHWAITE. It was during the
Patton administration that it was passed.
Mr. BLAIK. The Senator ismistaken. The
majority report which I have before me, made
by a sub-ooininittee who examined this subject
from the records themselves, states that "the
act of 18G7 was passed by the provisional Legis-
lature, which was Democratic, and those of
1808 and 1870 by the Legislatures having Re-
publican majorities; but in no instance, to our
knowledge, were party lines drawn on these
questions."
Mr. GOLDTHWAITE. _ The original act
was passed during the administration of Gov-
ernor Patlon, appropriating so much per mile
to railroads. .
Mr. SPENCER. Twelve thousand dollars
was the first act.
Mr. BLAIR. There is no doubt about the
fact that the increase was voted under Repub-
lican Legislatures. We have an account of the
manner in which it was got through the legis-
lature, the amount of money it cost to buy it
through, given by a member of the Legislature
himself, which the Senator will find very
refreshing. If he will turn to the minority
report, he will find there a statement by a
member of the Legislature of how much it cost
the railroad companies to get that bill through.
Mr. President, 1 must express my surprise
that a Senator representing that State should
be so forgetful as to challenge the statement
which has been made by the committee of the
House and Senate who investigated this sub-
ject. I did not have the benefit of listening
to his statement, but 1 understand its general
purport.
Mr. SPENCER. If I understand the Sen-
ator then, $14,000,000 of this indebtedness
which be charges to the State of Alabama
are yet to accrue. That much has not accrued
yet.
Mr. BLAIR. It had not when this report
was made ; but it was authorized, and that is
the exact point to which I call the Senator's
attention. It is authorized by law, and would
have accrued if the companies were in a posi-
tion to avail themselves of it, and we know
when there is a good thing of that sort there
are people down there who are very ready to
avail themselves of it.
Now, to show the very great care which the
committee took in investigating this subject, I
will say that their report is entirely corrobo-
rated by the statements made by Mr. Wells, the
financial commissioner, who examined this
subject,, who gives, however, in his report the
amount of indebtedness in 1860 due by these
States at a less figure I believe in every instance
than that which we have given, showing that
the increase is greater under the carpet-bag
governments than we make it, the aggregate
being the same, but with this difference: that
the actual amount in 1860 was less as he gives
it in his estimates.
Mr. President, I will not detain the Senate
further,
Mr. HILL. My only object in this whole
matter is to arrive as nearly as we can at the
truth. The Senator from Missouri has had
something to do in making up a table of the
indebtedness of my State. I premise by say-
ing that I have as little sympathy with any of
the frauds that have been adverted to, by
which the public debt has been so unneces-
sarily iucreased, as the Senator himself; but
there is another view in regard to the matter
that I think as a Georgian 1 ought to present.
Since it affects the credit of the State of
Georgia there should be some approach to
accuracy in regard to her actual indebtedness.
I regret that I have not the means at hand of
stating it exactly, but hope to be better in-
formed before very long. A committee of the
Legislature has been sitting, and I think is
still sitting in the city of New York, for the
purpose of ascertaining the amount of out-
standing bonds of the State of Georgia, old
and new. It was estimated in 1865, after the
close of the war, when the first convention
met in Georgia, that our old debt, for which
the State was liable, was but $4,000,000.' The
subsequent indebtedness embraced a great
deal of wild, profligate expenditure, I know;
but to what particular extent it goes I am not
able to say.
I take it that the statement made by the
Senatorfrom Missouri emb aced the aid given
by the State in the shape of indorsements of
bonds for the construction of various char-
tered railroads, most of which have not yet
been built. Those acts qualify the subscrip'
tion of the State. It is charged particularly
in regard to one of those roads, the Albany
and Brunswick railroad, that there has been a
very great fraud committed in procuring in'
dorsements of the company's bonds before the
terms upon which the indorsements were to
have been made were complied with, to wit:
by the construction of so many miles of rail-
way before the issuing of bonds at so much a
mile. My colleague says he thinks it is $23,000
a mile. There were two acts on the subject,
as I now remember: one allowing indorse-
ments at the rate of $15,000 a mile when con-
structed, and the second act increasing the aid
by $8,000 additional to the mile when com-
pleted.
That is the most palpable fraud of the kind
that my mind now adverts to. It is the general
belief in Georgia that those bonds so illegally
issued will be repudiated by the State, and
certainly popular opinion tends to that course.
1 believe myself that they will not be paid,
though there has been an effort to put them
upon the market, and somebody may now be
holding them as a purchaser. T-here is no
doubt to that extent the guilt of the recent
Governor is very apparent. If he issued
knowingly these bonds before the railroad
companies had complied with the conditions
that were required of them, then, of course,
he is most culpable.
The actual indebtedness of Georgia to-day,
from the best means of information that I
have, does not reach, bonded debt and all,
$20,000,000. I think the committee in New
York will report to the Legislature of the
State, upon their return, that all the indebted-
ness for which the State is liable does not go
to the extent of $20,000,000. As to this
hypothetical indebtedness in regard to rail-
ways not yet constructed, that ought not to be
estimated in making up the sum total of the
public debt of Georgia. Many of them may
never be constructed. That depends upon
circumstances; and even if they are, they
will be worth something, and the State has
the first lien upon them for the amount for
which it indorses their bonds.
While I am making this statement, I will
recur to what I said in interrupting the Sen-
ator from Missouri an hour or two ago. I do
not wish it to be inferred from anything that I
stated in regard to my friend, General Sher-
man, that he wantonly sported with tlie inter-
ests or fortunes of the people of Georgia
while he was commanding the Army of the
United States, and while we labored under
our legislative troubles. But I wish it to be
understood that having sent General Terry to
Georgia, and placed him in command of the
State wiih all the facilities for information in
regard to that people, and their internal affairs,
at that particular time, General Sherman
waived any active interference and was dis-
posed to devolve everything upon the discre-
tion of General Terry. I was always of opinion
that General Terry erred seriously in per-
mitting that Legislature to seat minority can-
didates, because the act of Congress had lim-
ited the seating of members to such as had
been named in the proclamation of General
Meade issued in April, 1868. 1 was of the
opinion, and am yet, that there was no active
intervention in the matter on the part of the
President of the United States, any more than
there was intervention while Mr. Johnson was
President, on his part. It was mainly left to
the commander of the Army; but in this case
if there was a grave error, as I have always
thought there was, I think it was more the
fault of General Terry, than of the command-
ing general of the Army or any other person.
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersou, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No.
691) giving the assent of Congress to the sub-
scription of the District of Columbia to the
stock of the Piedmont and Potomac Railroad
Company.
ENROLI/ED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 1191) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1323) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic service
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1873, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1551) for the relief of S.
B. Mitchell, George W. Mitchell, John W.
Mitchell, and William Webster;
A bill (H. R. No. 1661) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873;
A bill (H. R. No. 2402) granting a pension
to Martha A. Brooks; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2404) granting a pension
to Elizabeth O. Neile.
