62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11.
payment of assistant marshals, whose work is
completed, or nearly completed, will require
the other amount named in the bill.
I believe the work is going on with great
efficiency and rapidity, and the appropriation
here made seems necessary. Unless some
gentleman has a question to ask, I will call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main questions ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
committee service.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to
state that the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
McNeely,] who is a member of the Commit-
tee on Education and Labor, and the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Parker,]
who is a member of the Committee on Coin-
age, Weights, and Measures, desire to ex-
change places, and the Chair sees no objection
to that arrangement.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Beforemovingtogo
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union I yield for a moment to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell.]
annexation of territory.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution,
not for the purpose of putting it upon its pas-
sage, because it is of too grave and important
a character to be passed without debate. I
shall ask, if it be introduced, to have it made
the special order for the third Wednesday of
February next. I now ask consent to intro-
duce it for the purpose of making its consid-
eration a special order.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved by the Souse of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That with a view to remove all
causes which may tend to disturb our relations of
peace with the peoples who inhabit other parts of
the continent of North America and with European
Powers, and to promote a common fraternity and
prosperity, the President be requested to cause nego-
tiations to be openedwith Great Britain and Mexico
to ascertain on what conditions those Governments
will consent, respectively, to the annexation of their
possessions on the continent to the United States of
America.
Mr. BINGHAM. I must object to that res-
olution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no ob-
jection to the resolution, but I object to its
being made a special order.
Mr. BANKS. It should be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs. No objection
will be made to its introduction then.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Oh, no; my friend from
Massachusetts held Cuba too long.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest that it shall be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL. _ I move to suspend the
rules to enable me to introduce the resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot yield for
a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will allow his resolution to go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Oh, no; that is a tomb.
john dawson.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio,
by unanimous consent, the Committee on
Appropriations was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 20)
for the relief of John Dawson; and the same
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
protection of the frontier.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, and
also by unanimous consent, the Committee on
Appropriations was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 276)
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
refund to the Territory of Dakota the sum of
$28,137 17, for expenses incurred in protect-
ing the frontier settlements during the Indian
rebellion of 1802; and the same was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
fall river, massachusetts.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, also reported back
a memorial, which had been referred to that
committee, from the mayor and sundry citi-
zens of Fall River, Massachusetts, for an ap-
propriation for a building at that place for
a custom-house, post office, and for other
purposes, and moved that the Committee on
Appropriations be discharged from its further
consideration, and that the same be referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
Mr. BUFFINTON. That is right.
The motion was agreed to.
public buildings.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
that a large number of bills for public build-
ings have been introduced by gentlemen, and
have been referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, which ought to have gone to the
Committee on Public Buildings and. Grounds.
That is a new committee, or rather it has had
new duties imposed upon it,' and these bills
should be referred to that committee, so as
not to lose time in their consideration.
order of business.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As a great many
gentlemen desire to take advantage of this
day, Monday, to introduce resolutions, &c.,
which cannot be considered on other days
except by unanimous consent, I do not think
I will press my motion to go into Committee
of the Whole on the apportionment bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, l now move that the
rules be so suspended that the resolution which
was read a moment ago may be received and
made the special order for two o'clock on the
third Wednesday of February next.
The SPEAKER. The business of the House
has gone somewhat awry. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] was on the
floor to move an adjournment, but yielded to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farxsworth,]
who indicated a desire to move to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole for the purpose of re;
suming the consideration of the apportion-
ment bill. The Chair will be compelled to
take the sense of the House on the question
of adjournment, as the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means [Mr. Dawes] was
upon the floor for that purpose, unless the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxsworth] insists
upon his motion to go into Committee of the
Whole on the apportionment bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will insist upon
my motion to go into Committee of the Whole.
The motion was agreed to, upon a division—
ayes 127, noes 44.
apportionment bill.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Boffinton in the ehair,) and
resumed the consideration of House bill No.
243, for the apportionment of Representatives
to Congress among the several States accord-
ing to the ninth census.
_ The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is upon the motion of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Farxsworth,] to amend section one,
line thirty-five, by inserting "one" after
" eighty ;'' so the proviso will then read:
Provided, That if, after such apportionment shall
have been made, any new State shall be admitted
into thei Union, the Representative or Represent-
atives of such new State shall be additional to the
fi^Hed! h<«><lred and eighty-one herein
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will modify my
amendment by substituting the word "three"
for the word " one;" so as to make the proviso
read " two hundred and eighty-three."
Mr. NIBLACK. I believe X had the floor
when the committee last rose.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Niblack] will be recognized
when he expresses a desire to take the floor.
Mr. NIBLACK. When this bill was before
under consideration I obtained the floor, but
yielded for a few moments to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Farxsworth.] I appeal
to him to not press his amendments for the
present until I can move one I desire to offer,
'fixing the number of Representatives in this
House at two hundred and forty-one.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There will be noth-
ing in my amendments that will interfere with
or hinder the gentleman in offering his amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will rule
that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Nib-
lack] will have the right to move his amend-
ment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,] who
has intimated his desire to have the number
of members in this House fixed at two hun-
dred and forty-one, that he can accomplish his
object by refusing to pass any bill at all. The
law of 1850 fixes the number at two hundred
and forty-one, and, unless that law is changed,
every subsequent apportionment must be upon
that basis.
Mr. NIBLACK. As it is probable that
some apportionment bill will be passed by
this Congress, I desire, at the proper time, to
offer the amendment I have indicated. I was
afraid that if the amendment of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farxsworth] should
be adopted it might interfere with my pro-
posed amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will not move any
amendment that will interfere with, the amend-
ment of the gentleman. The words I now
move are not broad enough to prevent the
gentleman from moving his amendment.
Mr. NIBLACK. I will take the floor at
the proper time and move my amendment.
Mr. _ FARNSWORTH. I move also the
following amendment, the effect of which is
to give Ohio twenty members, instead of nine-
teen, as proposed in the bill:
On page 2 in line twenty, after the word " Ohio,"
strike out the word ''nineteen" and insert the
word "twenty."
There being no objection, the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move also to
amend by substituting "thirteen" instead of
"twelve,"as the number of members allowed
to Missouri.
There being no objection, the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
by inserting two sections in lieu of the sections
which were struck out. The two sections which
I now propose, and which are identical with
the second and third sections of the bill of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Merccr,]
are as follows:
Sec, 2. That in each State entitled under this law
to more than one Representative the number to
which said States may be entitled in the Forty-Third
and each subsequent Congress shall be elected by
districts composed of contiguous territory equal in
number to the number of Representatives to which
said fetates may be entitled in Congress, no ono dis-
trict electing more than one Representative: Pro-
x? I ' nf, •t,"i the election of Representatives to tho
JJOrty-Ihird Congress in any State which by this
*uw an increasod number of Representatives
tne additional Representative or Representatives
allowed to sueh Stato may be elected by the State at
large, and the other Representatives to which the
otate is entitled by the districts, as now prescribed
af State, unless the Legislature of said
state shall otherwise provide before the time fixed
by law tor the election of Representatives therein.
•iwY h!lt aots anl* Parts of acts in conflict
with the provisions of this act are hereby repealed.
