1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Legal and Political Disabilities—Mr. Chandler.
Senate.
necessitous of their own race? Are they to he
visited by the pains and penalties of this bill?
Such, I aver, are its provisions.
And now, Mr. President, let me ask in con-
clusion what is to be the effect resulting from
a measure of this kind ? I am aware that it is
generally difficult if not impossible to foresee
all the consequences likely to result from any
measure; and I would not, therefore, be
understood as claiming for the opinions I may
venture to express on this point unerring cer-
tainty. Knowing something, however, of the
feelings and sentiments of the people of my
own State, and of those States in which there
is a large number of colored people, I think
there can be but little difficulty in forming a
correct conclusion as to the probable results
that will follow the passage of this amend-
ment. So far as hotels and places of public
amusement are concerned they will be effect-
ually closed if this bill passes. White people
in my State and in all the southern and border
States will not consent to be forced to meet at
the same table and in the same theater per-
sons of a different race. You may by an
assumption of power wholly 'unauthorized
undertake by legislation to decree equality,
but when the alternative is presented to white
men of foregoing the accommodations fur-
nished by these place's or sharing them on
an equality with negroes, they will not hesi-
tate. These places will be closed, and be
depreciated in value to their owners, and such
persons as now reside at hotels or resort to
places of amusement will seek places of enter-
tainment and amusement where they will not
be subject to the annoyances proposed by this
amendment.
The effect of this measure upon common
schools will, in my opinion, prove most dis-
astrous. Very few white persons, I am sure,
in places where there are any considerable
number of colored people, will consent to
send their children to mixed schools. If any
should be found willing to do so they would
be regarded as too debased in feeling if not
too degraded by vice, to share in the sympa-
thies or respect of their white fellow-citizens.
The consequence must be that the common-
school systems will be broken up. Men will
not send their children to schools where they
must associate and grow up with negroes, and
the white men who are now dependent on
common schools for the education of their
children, are the very last men who would
consent, to do so. For one, I should regard it
as a far less evil to see the common schools in
my State abandoned than to see them con-
verted into mixed schools for white and col-
ored children.
For forty years the people of my State have
enjoyed the advantage of our present school
system, which secures at least fair educational
privileges to every white child in the State.
Our school fund has been sacredly guarded and
preserved, and increased from time to time as
the limited resources of the State would allow.
Our people have in the past felt a strong attach-
ment to our school system, defective though
it may be, and would not willingly forego the
advantages which it affords. Yetif this amend-
ment passes and opens the schools to colored
people equally with the whiles, there will be
but one voice in the State in reference to the
longer continuance of the system. The Legis-
lature will not hesitate to repeal the school
laws of the State and appropriate the school
fund to the payment of the State debt. Such
action will be demanded by the white voters
of Delaware, and the General Assembly of the
State will obey their behests.
The passage of this amendment will disturb
in no small degree the religious organizations
in the States where there are large numbers
of colored people. Separate churches are now
maintained for white and colored people in
those States, and all are satisfied with the
arrangement. This measure proposes to open
the_ churches erected by the white people for
their own accommodation, and force the Col-
ored people in among them. I tell you, you
cannot succeed in compelling association with
negroes, even in the churches of the land.
Highly as the religious advantages afforded by
the church may be appreciated, they will be
given up rather than submit to the degrada-
tion sought to be imposed by this amendment.
The churches will be closed and the ministers
dismissed, or at least left without a support
until such time as white men can worship ac-
cording to the dictates of their own conscience
without molestatio'n or intrusion by negroes
under the operation of this bill. That the
church will be destroyed there need be no fear,
for it is written that the gates of hell shall not
prevail against it, yet that it may be annoyed
and perplexed and persecuted, all history at-
tests, and to this extent theamendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts will go if it shall
ever become a law.
Mr. President, I will not now speak of the
effect which this measure will be likely to
produce on the good order and peace of
society. All the measures which have been
incepted and carried out by Congress, looking
to an equalization of the races, have tended in
no small degree to disturb the harmony which
heretofore existed between the white and col-
ored people of the country. You witness it
in the South and in every other State where
there are large numbers of negroes. Your
legislation has engendered distrust, and in
many instances hatred on the part of the negro
toward the white race, and lessened the regard
which the latter have heretofore felt for the
former. This measure, which the Senator from
Massachusetts calls a measure of reconcilia-
tion, will prove a source of bitterness, and may
lead in the end to hatred and animosity, if
not, to public disorder and conflict. Against
such a measure I protest, as being not only
unnecessary and unwise, but, also as degrading
to the white race and unworthy the civilization
and character of the American people.
Legal and Political Disabilities.
SPEECH OF HON. Z. CHANDLER,
01' MICHIGAN,
In the Senate of the United States,
January 31, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(II. It. No. 380) for the removal of legal anil political
disabilities imposed by the third section of the four-
teenth article of amendments to the Constitution
of the United States—
Mr. CHANDLER said:
Mr. President: I accept the lecture wo
received yesterday from the honorable Sena-
tor from Missouri [Mr. Sonuitx] on statesman-
ship with great humility, and I am sure if my
honorable friend from Nevada [Mr. Nye] had
remembered the facts in the case he would
not have taken exception to anything that my
friend from Missouri had said. For his states-
manship I have ever bad the most profound
respect. When it is remembered that the hon-
orable -Senator revolutionized all Germany,
and having demolished the kingdoms of Ger-
many established that great republic which
has been the admiration of the world for nearly
a quarter of a century, [laughter,] who can
bring his statesmanship in competition with
that of the honorable Senator?
Then, again, I have great respect for the
honorable Senator, because when he conies
here he brings, like the harvester, his sheaves
with him. He desired a liberal Republican-
ism in the State of Missouri, and he pomes
upon the floor with a large sheaf, to wit, his
colleague, as proof of the liberalism of his
Republicanism. And, sir, I have for his Re-
publicanism a profound respect, because he
brings that sheaf with him. I therefore will
not discuss the question of statesmanship with
the honorable Senator from Missouri, but, as
I said before, I accept his assertion with such
humility as I am capable of. I differ from
him, but of course I must be wrong, because
he says so.
Mr. President, the Senator from Missouri
has advocated on this floor universal amnesty.
What is amnesty ? If I understand it, and
I think I do'to some considerable extent,
amnesty is a boon, given for a consideration.
You do not amnesty a man who has not com-
mitted a crime; you do not amnesty a man
whose skirts are clean; you amnesty a crim-
inal. If you grant that boon, to wit, amnesty,
are you not entitled to place a condition upon
that boon?
In this case what is the condition that we
impose for this boon ? It is well known, and
I was going to add, I was sorry to say, but I
will not, if these infamies which exist in the
South must be unfolded, it is as well that I
should have the unpleasant task imposed upon
me of referring to them as any other man. I
have been compelled for more than a year
to listen to stories of wrong and outrage that
would make the blood in the veins of any loyal
or humane man tingle with horror. I have
seen the victims who have been outraged.
Why, sir, the coloncl of one of our Michigan
regiments, and an officer of this Government,
was taken out by Ku Klux wretches and one
hundred stripes inflicted upon him, and when
I saw him he could hardly move, because his
wounds were not yet healed. Murders innum-
erable, for they are counted by thousands,
outrages innumerable, for they are counted by
more than tens of thousands, have been per-
petrated by these wretches in the night time.
And now we demand what? We demand of
these men simply. "Slop killing, and then we
will amnesty you "Stop whipping, and then
we will amnesty you;" ''Stop these infernal
outrages, and then we will amnesty you." Is
our demand unjust or unreasonable?
Mr. President, the men who are banded
together perpetrating in the night-time, and
almost every night, unheard-of and untold
atrbciiies, are the very men who seven years
ago were in the rebel army. You cannot find
a man of them who did not wear the rebei
gray during the rebellion, and to-day they
wear the Ku Klux dress and badges, and are
the rebel army in a different uniform.
Sir, we have amnestied every man who has
shown the least sign or symptom of repent-
ance. We have amnestied every man who
has come forward and even asked to be am-
nestied. Who are these men that are now to
have amnesty forced upon them? To a very
considerable extent they are the very mem-
bers pf this Ku Klux organization; and what
is the credit that we shall receive after the
thing has been done? Why, sir, that you
dared not refuse it another hour. They will
say, "You refused it to us as long as you
dared, and now that you dare not refuse us
another hour, you grant it to us grudgingly."
Sir, if I ever did vote amnesty to an unrepent-
ant rebel I hope God may forgive me, but I
shall never forgive myself.
The Senatorfrom Missouri said, "You, Sen-
ators, have amnestied one and have voted him
into a high office." So we did ; but that man
showed ttie very highest possible evidence that
he had repented of his sins and was a loyal
citizen. What was that evidence'! He joined
the Republican party, and there is no higher
evidence than that. He joined the party that
nut down this rebellion, and he hasbeeu true
and faithful over since. I repeat, it is the very
highest evidence that can be offered on this
