1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
Mr. HALE. I desire to put a question to the
gentleman from Illinois. [Mr. Barnsworth.]
To how many and what States will the proviso
in the second section, providing for an election
by the State at large, apply?
Mr. FARNS WORTH. It applies to all the
States except those that have only one mem-
ber and that shall not make districts in time
for the election.
Mr. HALE. The gentleman does not under-
stand the full force of my question. I desire
to know how many States there are which,
from the fact of having no Legislature in ses-
sion, will be obliged in the election of 1872 to
elect on a general ticket their additional mem-
bers gained under this apportionment? I ask
this question because I am opposed to embody-
ing in the bill anything which will send the
election of any members of the Forty-Third
Congress to the people voting by general ticket.
In my view the districting of any State is of
importance enough to require that the Legis-
lature be called together ; and I, for one, am
opposed to embracing in the bill any provision
which will allow the Governor of any State,
by withholding a call of the Legislature, to
bring about an election of members by general
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot answer the
question how many Stateswould not have their
Legislatures in session in order to provide the
requisite districts under this bill. My own
impression, however, is that there would be
very few, if any. I think that during the pres-
ent winter the Legislatures of nearly all the
States are in session, and if we pass this bill
very early they can provide for the election of
the additional members by districts.
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
say to the House that the State of Indiana has
now no legislative body that can meet; and
unless we shall first have an election of a Legis-
lature under a proclamation of the Governor
it will be impossible for us to hare a Legisla-
ture in time to provide for the election of
members under this bill.
Mr. HALE. Is the State of Indiana ever
without a Legislature, elect or elected?
Mr. SHANKS. Yes, sir; I will explain.
A number of the members of the Illinois Legis-
lature—about fifty—resigned, reducing the
number below that constitutionally requisite
for carrying on legislation in that State. In
Indiana we have to-day no legislative body
that can meet until an election shall take place
under a proclamation of the Governor, and as
there probably will be no such election in time
to have legislative provision for the election of
additional members by districts, we shall not
be safe in depending upon any law except such
as will secure to us positively and unequivo-
cally the right to have a vote of the people in
an election held under a proclamation of the
Governor.
Mr. HALE. Then, Mr. Chairman, the gen-
tleman expects that the delegation from Indi-
ana in the next Congress will be elected on a
general ticket.
Mr. SHANKS. No. I am afraid the gen-
tleman will not understand me if I were to
explain again. Only the additioned member
is to be elected on a general ticket. We have
eleven districts, and by this bill we get another
member, and it is in reference to that addi-
tional member I am now speaking. It must
be done on a general ticket or not at all. If
we do not elect the additional member at large
then we shall not get our full quota.
Mr. HALE. How many do you gain?
Mr. SHANKS. Indiana gains one.
Mr. MARSHALL. I offer the following
amendment to the amendment of my colleague
[Mr. Fabxsworth] to the second section of
the bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
After thewords " at large," in line twelve, section
two, Farxsworth's amendment, insert: " And in all
elections of Representatives atoresaideach qualified
voter may east as many votes for one candidate as
there are Representatives to be elected by the State
at lart;e, or may distribute the same, or equal parts
theref-f, among tile candidates, as he shall see fit,
and the candidate receiving: the greatest number of
votes shall be declared elected."
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Chairman, I will
not undertake to discuss at this time the prop-
osition which I have offered; but I shall do
so when it comes up to be considered as an
amendment to the amendment of my colleague,
[Mr. Farnsworth.] I am also prepared to
offer the same amendment to the substitute of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mer-
cur.] In the election in any State of more
than one Representative by the State at large
the propriety of the amendment I have offered
is manifest. Suppose that in Kentucky, Mis-
souri, or in the State of Illinois, there should
be two, three, four, or five additional Represent-
atives to be elected by the State at large, to
allow the majority party in the State to elect all
of those members, and to hold out a temptation
to the Legislature to refuse to redistrict the
State, thus depriving the minority of any rep-
resentation through these additional members,
would be an outrage which this Congress, I am
sure, would not tolerate for one single moment.
It would be little else than holding out the
strongest temptation to the majority party in_a
State to deprive the minority of any voice in
the election of their Representatives. By the
amendment I propose, if more than one mem-
ber be elected by the State at large it will give
both parties an opportunity to have represent-
ation in this House in proportion to their
strength in such State ; andthat is what ought
to be given, whether the party in the majority
is the Democratic or the Republican party. It
would be an outrage in the case I have indi-
cated to deprive the minority in a State of any
voice at all in the election of three or four
additional members to seats upon this floor.
Mr. DAWES. In reference to the diffi-
culty in Indiana, I will state that the same
condition of things existed ten years ago in
Illinois. After the general apportionment
bill became a lav/, under which the State of
Illinois had one member less than she now
has—after that became the law, the Legisla-
ture redistricted the State for that number,
but subsequently to that the Congress of the
United States by a special law gave to the
State of Illinois, and to two other States,
each one member. Because they had already
redistricted the State an exception was made
for Illinois by name. It was expected that
Illinois would, when her next Legislature
assembled, redistrict the State for the whole
number. But instead of that she has gone
on for ten years electing one member at large,
which has not been the case in any other State
in the Union. I, therefore, would be willing
to make an exception for Indiana for the
Forty-Third Congress, but no longer. I think
it would be an outrage, as the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Marshall] has well said, to
permit any State to elect three, four, or five
members to this House on a general ticket.
It would destroy all the benefits of the dis-
trict system, which, since it has been adopted,
seems to have worked well and to be acqui-
esced in by all parties. There may be diffi-
culty in a single State which would justify
the election of one member at large for one
Congress, but to permit a State to elect four
or five additional members on a general ticket
would be such a violation of the rights of the
minority that there could be no justification
for it whatever, and I hope it will sot be done.
Mr. CREBS. Fully agreeing with the views
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] and the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Hale,] and desiring to get over the difficulty I
suggest, I offer an amendment which will have
the effect of positively requiring any State enti-
tled to increased representation to make an
apportionment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair begs to state
that no further amendment is in order at the
present time.
Mr. FINKELNBURG.
Let it be read.
Mr. CREBS. I desire that it may at least
be read.
There being no objection, the amendment
was read for information, and is as follows:
Amend section two, in line fourteen, by striking
out all after the word " State" where it occurs the
second time, and inserting as follows: " Shall,
before the next general election for members of
Congress, be in regular or called session, so as to
enable such Legislature to redistrict the State as
provided herein: and in ease of the neglect or
refusal of any State Legislature to so redistrictsuch
State as to give her full representation as contem-
plated by this act, that then and in that event such
State so neglecting and refusing shall, in the Forty-
Third and succeeding Congresses, until so redis-
tricted, hare only its number of member3 now pro-
vided by law, and nomore."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire the com-
mittee to understand precisely what I propose.
I find that there is an impression in the com-
mittee that the proviso to the second section
which I have offered extends through the
next decade. It is not so. It applies only
to the next Congress, the proviso being that
where States shall not be redistricted by rea-
son of the Legislatures not meeting, or from
other causes, then the additional number of
Representatives, for the next Congress only,
may be elected from the State at large.
As regards the State of Illinois, our Legis-
lature is in session, and has instructed us, and
is constantly urging the adoption of this bill,
or some apportionment bill, in order that it
may make the necessary redistricting before
it adjourns ; and the same, I believe, is the
case with other States. I see no difficulty in
the waysuch as has been suggested. In Indi-
ana and some other States, where the Legis-
latures are now in session, but will probably
adjourn very soon, the Governor, it is likely,
may not call the Legislature together again.
There are several such States, I believe, ac-
cording to the representations of their Repre-
sentatives upon this floor, where the Governor
will not be likely to call the Legislature together
again for the purpose of redistricting, perhaps
for the very reason that he wishes to deprive
the State of the additional representation to
which it may be entitled. Now, how shall we
deal with such cases? Shall we declare that
the State shall not have additional representa-
tion until it is redistricted? That would' be
scarcely fair, for it would leave it in the power
of the Governor to defeat the additional rep-
resentation. And, since this proviso only ex-
tends to the next Congress, I do not see that
any great harm can be done by electing two
or three members in a State upon a general
ticket, even if the majority should be very
large in that State.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him one question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. Suppose, on the other hand,
that the Governor was afraid of the result of
redistricting for additional members, and pre-
ferred not to call the Legislature together, so
that there might be a general election ? Would
not the result there also be a wrong?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It would. The Gov-
ernor would be in the wrong in either case,
depriving the people of the State of repre-
sentation to which they were entitled. I am
not myself particular about this matter, but
there are States which desire particularly this
provision of the bill, because they fear that
otherwise they will not get their additional
representation.
My colleague, [Mr. Marshall,] in his amend-
ment with reference to minority representa-
tion, goes a step further than even the consti-
tutional convention of Illinois, that provided
for minority representation only in the case
where three or foul more Representatives were
to be elected. He proposes to divide the apple
where but two are to be elected, and to give
the minority half. That is putting minority
representation a little farther than anybody
in my State ever thought of. No one there
ever thought of giving the minority half.
But it is only an experiment, and a very doubt-
