1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275h
Mr. MOORE. No, sir. This man was a
private, who was detailed to do duty for a few
days in the absence of a surgeon ; and in con-
sequence of that fact his widow succeeded by
some means or other in getting a pension as
the widow of an assistant surgeon.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will ask the chair-
man of the committee whether he has ex-
amined the original papers upon which the bill
sought to be repealed was passed ?
Mr. MOORE. This bill reduces her pen-
sion to eight dollars. She is entitled to no
more.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not make myself
understood. I ask whether the gentleman has
examined the original papers on which the
former bill was passed?
Mr. MOORE. Oh, yes, sir.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Does this
bill leave the woman in possession of her pen-
sion as the widow of a private ?
Mr. MOORE. Yes, sir.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed.
widow of major general anderson".
Mr. MOORE. I now yield to my colleague
on the committee, the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Peck.]
Mr. HOLM AN. Before any further reports
are presented, I trust the gentleman from Illi-
nois will allow an amendment to come in for
the relief of Mrs. Anderson.
Mr. MOORE. It can not come in under
the order of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. It can as an amendment.
Mr. COGHLAN. The House has acted
very generously toward the committee in refer-
ence to these bills, and I think the committee
ought not to object to a measure of justice
like this.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the House to recon-
sider the vote by which the Bill for the relief
of Mrs. Sumner was passed.
Mr. MOORE. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the
order of the House it is competent for the
House to consider to-night nothing but reports
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. MOORE. The members of the com
mittee will not, I presume, make any objection
to their chairman introducing as a report from
the committee a bill providing for the case of
the widow of General Anderson.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I object.
Mr. COGHLAN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill granting a pension to
'Mrs. Sumner was passed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there be
objection to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Moore] reporting the bill, the question as to
its reception depends upon the vote of the
House. The Chair will submit to the House
whether the bill shall be received as the report
of the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. COGHLAN. I think that such a bill
for the relief of the widow of General Ander-
son ought not to be objected to.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. May I
ask 
_Mr. MOORE. If any member of the com-
mittee objects, I shall n<jt press the report.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I object, be-
cause the bill has never been before the com-
mittee, and we know nothing of the evidence
on which it may rest.
Mr. HOLMAN. There has been extraordin-
ary liberality shown by the House in refer-
ence to these bills; and I insist that the widow
of so gallant an officer as General Anderson
should not go without a pension. This ease is
an historical one.
Mr. COGHLAN. By simply reconsidering
the vote passing the bill for the relief of Mrs.
Summer arid attaching this proposition as an
amendment, the object can be acccomplished.
Mr. MOORE. There are other men who
will want to amend bills in the same way.
Mr. RANDALL. I think the gentleman,
by consenting to this proposition, will facili-
tate the business of his committee.
Mr. MOORE. I do not make the objection.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] should get his colleague [Mr. Speer] to
withdraw bis objection.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
on the motion to lay upon the table the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. My objection
is from no opposition to the measure itself. I
am going to withdraw the objection. It was
made originally because of the course pursued
by the gentleman from Indiana, who introduced
it. I now withdraw the objection.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Let me ask the gentle-
man from Indiana whether the last Congress
did not make ample provision for the widow
of General Anderson ?
Mr. HOLMAN. General Clinch had a claim
of $30,000.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Was not that claim paid?
Mr. HOLMAN. For the purpose of making
some provision for General Anderson's family
to Mrs. Anderson, who was the daughter of
General Clinch, Congress appropriated a sum
which, instead of inuring to her benefit, gave
to her children a mere bagatelle of $15,000,
which was only half of the claim.
Mr. MOORE. My motion is to reconsider
and lay upon the table all the votes by which
the various bills were passed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I withdraw
my objection to the other bill.
Mr. PETERS. The gentleman from Illinois
cannot report the bill, because he cannot see
that any such case has been considered by the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and there-
fore cannot report any such case.
mary c. petrie.
Mr. PECK, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2507)
granting a pension to Mary C. Petrie; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Mary C. Petrie, widow of George C. Petrie,
late private company D, seventeenth regiment
Michigan volunteers, commencing the 1st of
January, 1871.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PECK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed .and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
eliza .t. fracker.
Mr. PECK, from the same committee, also
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2508) granting a
pension to Eliza J. Fracker ; which was read
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Eliza J. Fracker, who adopted James A.
Markland when sixteen months old, and who
died from disease contracted in the service as
second lieutenant second regiment Ohio
infantry, at sixteen dollars per month from
the passage of this act.
Mr. CONGER. Read the report.
The report, which was read, states that Mrs.
Eliza J. Fracker adopted James A. Markland
when sixteen months old as her own child, and
from that time took care of him as her own.
Before going into the Army lie GontMbut«d't 
her support, and continued to send her Bofobey
while in the service. As second lieutenant
Ohio volunteer infantry in November, 1846,
at Camargo, Mexico, lie contracted a chronic
diarrhea, from which he died in 1861. The
proof of dependence and the proof of adop-
tion have been sworn to.
Mr. CONGER. I do not see anything in
.this case which gives good ground for relief.
Mr. MAYNARD. If she were the natural
mother instead of the adopted mother, she
would have gotten the pension before under
the statute.
MARY E. SNIVLEY AND MAVILLA SNIVLEY.
Mr. PECK also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2509) granting a
pensionto MaryE. Snivley andMavilla Snivley;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the names
of Mary E. Snivley and Mavilla Snivley, only
minor children of Abraham Snivley, lateprivate
company F, fourteenth regiment Michigan in-
fantry volunteers.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PECK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
amos sarling.
Mr. PECK also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2510) granting a
pension to Amos Farling; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name of
Amos Farling. late private company H, twenty-
second regiment United States infantry.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PECK moved .to reconsider the vote by
which the bill" was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid ou the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
garrett fleming.
Mr. PECK also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2511) granting a
pension to Garrett Fleming; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Garrett Fleming, late a private in the forty-
third regiment Ohio volunteers, to take effect
from the passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PECK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
susan w. mechem.
Mr. PECK also, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (H. II. No. 2512) granting
a pension to Susan W. Mechem.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Susan W. Mechem, widow of Abel
F. Mechem, late a surgeon in. the United
States Army, to take effect from the passage
of this act.
