1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
18tb
Government has something more to do than
to suppress crime and keep the peace. Know-
ing that it is of the first importance that the
people should possess the many and varied
blessings that flow from industry, the Govern-
ment can properly see to it that the American
artisan buys his food of the American farmer,
and that the American farmer purchases the
manufactures of the American artisan, by
enacting laws making it the interest of each to
do so.
And as to that extremely benign and chari-
table view which holds that we should remem-
ber that the subjects of other Governments are
our brethren, and that we should not discrim-
inate against their labor, my reply is we have
to the people of other countries opened the
portals of our land and bid them welcome;
and to other Governments we say, "If you insist
on reducing your labor to the starvation stand-
ard, and if, by reason of the efficiency that
length of time and aggregation of capital have
given your manufactures, you propose to crush
our comparatively immature industries, we will
close our doors against your aggression, and
we do not violate true charity by so doing."
Now, sir, as to the claim of the opponents
of protection that it is an onerous tax on the
whole community for the benefit of those
engaged in manufactures, let me say that the
only manner in which the community is taxed
by protection is of course by the payment of
an increased price for the commodities they
use. I do not believe that the people of this
country have ever yet realized how much they
suffer, or ever will until they read the able
speech of my friend from Maryland. They
have heretofore considered themselves pretty
comfortably off. Afamiliar anecdote answers
the case put by that Senator, to the effect that
without this protection one with five dollars
could purchase materials from the ship in New
York bay, or he might have said from Eng-
land, for the expense of transportation is very
trifling, for which under the tariff he is obliged
to pay $7 50. The Irish immigrant who came
to this country, and who, on being asked a
dollar for a bushel of potatoes, said he could
buy them in his own country for sixpence, on
being asked why he did not stay there, replied,
"But where would I get the sixpence?"
[Laughter.] And so where would the man
get the five dollars if you destroy our indus-
tries and waste the wealth of the country?
But if the enhanced price was not paid, and
if the expenses of the Government were not
met by these duties, the community would be
obliged to pay a sum certainly equal to the
duties in other taxation. So that the duties
paid are properly chargeable to the support of
the Government, and not to the protection of
the manufacturers.
But again, if the enhanced price which the
community pay for commodities by reason of
the tariff is greater in amount than the taxes
required for the support of the Government,
it is not true that the community even to the
amount of that excess is taxed to support
manufactures. Abolish all duties to-day,
open your ports to the manufacturers of Eu-
rope, and the mechanics of this country must
seek other avocations, and our factories must
be closed; and passing by the disaster this
state of things would bring to the country, by
which all would be affected, observe the effect
that would be produced on prices. The com-
munity would then be obliged to pay for the
article of foreign production much more than
they are now required to pay for the home
product. Take away that competition to for-
eign production which our manufactures cre-
ate, and the large capitalists of Europe at once
advance their prices to the highest sum they
can obtain. The only limit to their exactions
would result from the competition among those
foreign capitalists, a competition which their
common interest would regulate, adjust, and
avoid. With our factories closed and our
operatives in other employment, we would be
powerless to afford any relief to a suffering
community. Therefore, it is true that the
duties are first to be charged to the support of
the Government, and the enhanced price occa-
sioned by those duties is to be charged, sec-
ondly, to maintaining that necessary compe-
tition without which we would be entirely at
the mercy of the foreign manufacturer.
The effect of even a slight reduction in duty
was illustrated in the case of pig iron. The
duty was nine dollars a ton; we reduced it to
seven dollars; and although there was an in-
creased demand for pig iron, little more was
manufactured; the price whieh we had to pay
abroad advanced several dollars per ton. The
railroad companies of the country under-
stand this principle. Two years ago they peti-
tioned to have the duties advanced in order
that the manufacturers of this country might
afford competition with those abroad and keep
down the prices.
Sir, it is not the higher price for his goods
that constitutes the chief advantage the Amer-
ican manufacturer derives from the tariff; it is
his having a steady and regular market on which
he can calculate and work up to, that most
profits him. Take two factories, in each of
which $500,000 is invested, and in each of
■which the same rate of wages is paid ; let one
factory with its capital stand idle six months
in the year, while the other is employed all the
time, and of course the one fully employed can
sell goods probably twenty per cent, cheaper
than the factory which is thus only partially
employed, and this simply because the goods
manufactured cost that much less, it is the
cost of goods, no matter what the wages, that
under a healthy competition regulates their
price. Take away your duties, let the manu-
facturers of England flood this country when-
ever they please with their surplus goods, and
they can at pleasure close our factories, and
stop our capital from earning any remunera-
tion, thus making the market capricious, and
therefore unremunerative.
I observe by a statement published this
morning from the Bureau of Statistics that
for the calendar year of 1871, under existing
duties, our imports are $688,000,000 and our
exports $537,000,000, leaving a balance ad-
verse to this country of $51,000,000. What
would be our imports were duties removed,
and what would be the condition of the coun-
try under these accumulating adverse bal-
ances ? Sir, we must not reduce the tariff.
I might illustrate the great advantage the
farmer derives, not only incidentally but
directly, from the maintenance of our man-
ufactories in having a home market for his
productions. To him a distant market is al-
ways an uncertain one, and for which he can-
not plant, and which commands only a limited
amount of two or three staples, while a home
market is certain and various. But I will not
now enter upon this branch of the subject.
It is, sir, for the reasons thus briefly and
partially indicated that, if we are to reduce
our revenue, I am in favor of so doing in
some other manner than as proposed in the
bill by reducing ten per cent, the duty on
manufactured imports. But, sir, to my mind
there is a grave question whether there should
be a reduction of our revenue to the amount
indicated. I believe that as the chosen direct-
ors for a time of this great governmental cor-
poration we should not hesitate to make those
expenditures which we believe will promote
the general welfare of our whole constituency.
We should protect our manufactures; we
should foster agriculture ; we should build up
commerce; we should provide by our Navy for
the common defense.
As to manufactures, I have said all I pur-
posed to. We are moving in the right direc-
tion by establishing a tariff for revenue, dis-
criminating for protection.
As to agriculture, the interest is so vast and
the aid it demands from the Government go
small, that there should be no hesitation is
fostering it, unless, as has been intimated from
highly respectable sources, there is in the
nation no constitutional power to promote
either agriculture or learning. I say that the
interests of agrieulture are vast. The area of
the United States, land and water, is fourteen
hundred and sixty-six million acres, of whieh
there is improved one hundred and eighty-nine
millions, say eight per cent., and only twenty
per cent, is in farms of any kind. While this
fractional portion of our territory only is em-
ployed the agricultural products of 1869, as
appears by the census, were $2,445,000,000, a
sum equal to the national debt. Of course
from this is to be deducted the expense of the
production in order to ascertain the increase
of wealth. We can hardly conceive of the
vastness of our agricultural products now, and
what will it be when not only eight per cent,
of our land, but our whole territory capable
of improvement is under cultivation ?
This commanding industry should be fos
tered, and if the Government can do anything
to promote it, it should do so rather than re-
duce its revenue. While manufactures and
commerce demand millions, a few thousands
directed to this branch of our industries would
produce large returns. From all the world we
should gather the best cereals and other seeds;
the various breeds of domestic animals, the
varieties of plants and trees. Statistical and
geological information, plans of irrigation and
the adaptations of every district should be
possessed by the Department. We should
have experimental gardens and farms, and a
signal service for our farmers; and more of
the public lands should be devoted to establish
and maintain agricultural colleges; while the
fountain and center of this information should
be here. All this will require larger appropria-
tions than we are accustomed to make, though
still small in comparison with the vast interest
involved, and with the benefit to accrue.
But we are told that we have no constitu-
tional right to promote agriculture. Can this
be true? No, sir. We have at last not a
mere agency of the States, but a nation, pos-
sessed of the sovereign will and sovereign
power of a nation. A constitutional nation,
it is true, but one empowered to exercise all
the functions specifically conferred ujjon it;
and besides that, possessed of the unlimited,
I may say arbitrary, power of taxation, with
the right to appropriate the money raised for
whatever will promote the general welfare of
the aggregated States or of the nation not
conflicting with the rights of the States ; and
the Constitution in unequivocal terms so de-
clares. The Constitution, in the eighth sec-
tion of the first article, declares the specific
powers of the nation as the exclusive legis-
lation over the District, the regulation of com-
merce, the establishing of post offices and
post roads, declaring war, raising an army,
providing a navy, &e., some sixteen specifica-
tions ; and besides these it declares that the
Government has the right to collect taxes, to
provide for the "general welfare of the United
States,"
It is argued that this provision is only ancil-
lary and in aid of the power specified. And,
sir, the provision conferring the power to
" provide for the general welfare"' must have
that effect given it and be so disposed of, or it
must have the office we claim. It is not in-
serted in aid of these specific powers for two
reasons: first, because there is at the close
of the list of specified powers a provision ex-
pressly for that purpose thus: " Congress
shall have the power to make all laws which
shall be necessary and proper for carrying into
execution the foregoing powers;" and sec-
ondly, because the Constitution does not de-
clare that the office of the " general welfare "
clause is to be ancillary to and in aid of the
specific powers, and we have no more_ right to
interpolate such words or purpose into the
instrument than to make a new one. This
clause of the Constitution means what it says,
