1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
959
to appropriate money from the Treasury of the
United States for their benefit?
I care not to answer that proposition any
further, but I desire to call the attention of
the Senate for a few moments to another prop-
osition, and that is a suggestion made by the
Senator from Michigan and agreed to by the
Senator from Wisconsin, that they are to be
taxed in Wisconsin and Michigan for the ben-
efit, of Chicago. Taxed how? That the-manu-
faeturers of lumber and the manufacturers of
iron and other materials employed in rebuild-
ing the burned district will be taxed by this
bill I Hence they oppose it. Let me ask the
Senator from Michigan this one simple ques-
tion: Why do you levy a tariff on lumber? Is
it not as well to afford revenue, to the Govern-
ment as to protect the people who are com-
mencing that particular pursuit in opposition
to those employed in the same work in foreign
lands, that they may be protected until they
are able to compete with those who are em-
ployed in foreign countries ? Is not that the
principle on which you levy the tariff?
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. If the Senator
asks for a reply I will state that my proposi-
tion was to base the amount taken out of the
Treasury after it reached there through the
customs, not interfering with the customs, on
the same rule you apply to all other appro-
priations, and that would be distributable in
Michigan, she paying her proportion of the
taxation equitably with the other States accord-
ing to population. I believe, in answer to the
question put by the Senator from Illinois, I
did state there might be a tax on lumber.
Mr. LOGAN". No, the gentleman does not
understand what I stated. He misapprehends
me. I asked him if it was not the principle
of levying a tariff that it was as well to raise
revenue for the Government as to protect the
manufacturers against foreign manufactures of
the same character, and was it not done for the
purpose of enabling them to compete with
foreign labor of the same kind? Is not that
the principle of the tariff?
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I will answer
the gentleman that substantially it is. That is
the system which the Government has adopted
not only measurably for protection, but for
raising revenue, and it is an equitable distribu-
tion throughout the States.
Mr. LOGAN. Iam not discussing the equity
of the proposition, but I am discussing the
principle. I would like the Senator from Michi-
gan to explain to me how it is that lie can stand
up here and say that his lumbermen must be
protected by a tariff when my constituents are
in ashes to-day, upon their knees in sackcloth
asking the representatives of this country to
do what ? To act on the very same principle
that you have had the Government act with
your lumbermen, to enable them to rise from
the ashes that they may stand upon an equality
with other people not so destroyed. It is to
encourage them to build, it is to encourage
them to make that city that was a model city
in this land, and the pride of the Northwest,
again occupy the position which she occupied
among the cities of this country and before the
people of this country.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I am not dis-
posed to interrupt the Senator; I have no
such disposition; but if he puts questions for
a reply. I am ready to reply if he desires.
Mr. LOGAN. I am trying to reply as well as
I can to the suggestions made by the Senator
from Michigan and the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, and if I am unfortunate in not understand-
ing the principles by which they are guided, it is
certainly owing to my want of comprehension.
But let us go a little further. We do not
ask that we shall be protected beyond that
which seems to be equitable and right. As I
said when I spoke on a former occasion, we
ask the Congress of the United States, not aa
a right, but to extend the arm of generosity to
an unfortunate people that are to-day with-
out help, without strength, and without means.
But how will you devise ways and means to
get at the share of Michigan, according to the
Senator's proposition? Some Senators say we
should appropriate money. Why, Mr. Presi-
dent, how would you distribute money? You
would have no power or means of ascertaining
the different amounts that would necessarily
have to be distributed among these unfortu-
nate people. We are not asking for bread;
that we have. We are not asking for cloth-
ing; we are abundantly supplied. We are not
asking alms because we are poor; but we are
asking the sympathy of the Government, and
that its strong arm may be reached out and
aid us in coming up to that position that we
are expected to regain, but we cannot without
some aid.
My friend, theSenator from Michigan, would
protect Mr. Ward, the greatest iron-man in
the Northwest, andhow would he protect him?
By putting a tariff on iron so high that he
would have a monopoly of the trade, that for-
eigners could not compete with him. He
would do this to encourage him to extend his
operations in that direction, and, he would
say, for the benefit of the surrounding com-
munity. That is what my friend from Michi-
gan would say. The same protection that you
extend to the rich man, the manufacturer, to
encourage him to do that which you consider
beneficial to the country, we ask you to extend
to us to encourage us to repair our damages
and our losses.
So far as my friend from Michigan is con-
cerned, I have always felt kindly to him for
the manner in which he acted during that fire;
and I am under obligations to my friend from
Wisconsin for the aid he gave in the passage
of this bill originally. Now, let me for a mo-
ment examine the injury that is to occur to
Michigan and Wisconsin. It seems that a
kind of alarm has taken place in this country.
The lumbermen are all scared; they petition
their Senators here to oppose this bill. Why
are they scared? They are scared from the
fact that opposition was made to this bill on
the ground that they would be injured, and
they have got to believe that they will. Now,
I want to show the Senate how perfectly pre-
posterous this is. There were about twenty-
six hundred acres of the city of Chicago, and
the main portion of that city, burned to the
ground—the business portion of that city. My
friend, the Senator from Wisconsin, says this
will not help the poor people. I can tell the
Senator from Wisconsin that it was not the
poor class of the city of Chicago that was
burned out. There were a great many poor
people, but nearly every man in that burned
district owned his own house, nearly every
man in that district owned the house in which
he lived, instead of large blocks that were
rented, room by room, to individuals; but
the dwelling-houses throughout that burned
district were generally owned by those who
lived in them. There were, of course, some
differently situated, but the great majority were
in that condition. It would be expected from
the arguments here that no one was to be
affected except the lumbermen of the country.
Let us see how they will be affected.
According to a rule established by the Chi-
cago council the fire limits embraced nearly
all of this burnt district. Within the fire limits
what amount of lumber will be used ? They
are not permitted to build houses of lumber
within the greater portion of this burnt dis-
trict. They must be built of brick, of stone, of
iron, of slate, or some material of that kind.
There is nothing that lumber can be used for
in building these houses save the joists. The
rafters are not even of wood ; they are to be
of iron; and yet gentlemen are alarmed for
fear that the whole of Michigan will be de-
stroyed and Chicago inundated by Canadian
lumber merely to build up this district. I was
astonished at the statement of tlxe Senator
from Michigan. He says if you pass this bin
you will see the English flag floating to the
breeze on Lake Michigan and on the Chicago
river, and the American flag will retire quietly
from the breeze in that locality. My heavens,
Mr. President, what a picture 1 The British
flag by a little bill to aid the burnt district
of Chicago will be unfurled to the breeze and
the American flag will quietly retire! Michi-
gan lumber will die out, refuse to appear
again, and British-Canadian lumber will usurp
its place!
Why, the Senator himself, with a very few
wagons and teams that I presume he owns,
could haul all the lumber that will be used in
the burnt district under the fire ordinance in
a very few loads, and yet he is almost ready
to give up the ship because the British flag
is going to appear. Let us see how it will
appear. One would think by the arguments
made that they did not use any lumber in that
country except in Chicago. My friend is a
lumber merchant; that is his business; and
I am not surprised at his opposition to this
bill, although he has been kind to our people.
But men who have a particular kind of busi-
ness are more easily led in a certain direction
than those who have not that kind of business
to influence their judgment. I should like to
ask my friend if they do not sell lumber all
over Illinois, Kansas, and the whole North-
west ? Of the amount of lumber you send to
Chicago in twelve months there is not one
tenth part of it used in the city. The State
of Illinois is a large State, you must remem-
ber. Her fences are built of your lumber,
and the farm-houses all over the country.
Loads of lumber by the hundred cars are going
out of Chicago south and west and in every
direction to make fences and houses for the
farmers. But one would suppose that all the
lumber you shipped there was to be used en-
tirely in this burnt district. Suppose lum-
berwere sent from Canada to Chicago, suppose
a thousand vessels floated filled with lumber
every year, is not duty paid on the lumber?
Certainly. They do it under the law now.
Will this bill prevent men paying the duty
when the lumber is shipped in? Not at all.
What will it do? It will only remit the duty
on the amount used in the burnt district, not
in the rest of Chicago, but merely in the burnt
district, and you imagine that is going to fill
our whole country with Canada lumber 1 They
will have to pay the duty, and they can pile it
up now just the same. How much is it going
to affect? It will affect nobody? The duty is
paid when the lumber comes in, when the brick
comes in, when the plaster and stone and
marble and slate come in. It does not affect
the price at all, for the duty is paid just the
same on that lumber as on any other. How
then is the price affected? I cannot under-
stand it. But yet we are told the price is
reduced, the lumbermen are destroyed, and
woe will be to that class of people!
Mr. President, if this bill was aimed entirely
at the lumbermen, I should say that a, little
reduction in the price of their lumber just at
this time would not hurt them very much. Let
me read to you one or two letters in reference
to lumbermen in Chicago from gentlemen who
I presume are well known, and you can see
the reason lumber cries so loud as it does to-
day. Here is a letter written to me on the first
of this month by John V. Farwell, whose
house is one of the heaviest mercantile houses
in Chicago, a man who sells a great deal, who
builds a great many houses, and who imports
a great many goods. He is building exten-
sively. His property was all burned m Chi-
cago. He lost a great number of valuable
houses, and he desires to rebuild them. Here
ia what he says in reference to lumber:
M There are some facts connected with the 1 limber
and brick interests which seemtoh® 00^inine t
defeat the bill for the relief of Chicago which have
not been brought forward as yet. ^
"The lumbermen here have put up their P™« 
sinee the fire fifty to seventy-five per cent, on tho
staple lumber, such as joist and common boards.
Since the fire fift/..io seventy-five per cent.
