3648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
Mr. SCOTT. I will state that it was because
of the number of Senators who signified their
desire to speak on this, bill that I moved a
recess, so that they might have the opportunity
this evening. If, however, there are none
who desire to speak, and there is a quorum
present, we may as well dispose of the bill.
Mr. MORTON. I hope so. Our friends
on the other side are very anxious to adjourn.
Mr. VfCKERS. In order to ascertain
whether we have a quorum or not I move that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. PATTERSON. I hope the Senator
will withdraw that, and let me call up this
little bill.
Mr. VICKERS. I will with pleasure.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to take up
Senate bill No. 978.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the motion of the Senator from
New Hampshire?
Mr. MORTON. What is the bill?
Mr. PATTERSON. It is a bill reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs, pro-
viding for the payment of certain bounties to
New Hampshire soldiers. I will explain the
matter as soon as it is taken up.
Mr. NYE. I have not the least objection
to this if we are going to let others have the
same chance.
Mr. PATTERSON. There are only a dozen
lines in the bill.
Mr. NYE. But others may have bills of the
same sort, and all ought to have an equal
chance.
Mr. PATTERSON. Let us take turns. Let
me have the first one, and then you can have
the rest. [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. It will be yours to break the
rule then.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to take up the
bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
think the Senator from New Hampshire can
have understood exactly the terms of the rule
adopted by the Senate. I ask to have it
read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary will report the rule adopted by the
Senate.
The Chief Clerk, The following order was
adopted on the 17th of May :
Ordered, That on Monday noxt, a.t. two! veo'clock,
Senate bill No. 656, to extend tho provisions of the
fourth Heotion of tho act. approved April 20. 1871, bo
resumed to tlie exclusion of all other business and
that it bo continued, subjeot to roeess anil adjourn-
ment, until it be disposed of before adjournment on
Tuesday.
Mr. MORTON. 1 see the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Alcorn,] who [ think designs
to .speak on the bill has come in, and prob-
ably he is ready to go oti.
Mr. VICKERS. I hope the Senator from
New Hampshire will have an opportunity to
pass his bill It will take but a moment.
Mr. PATTERSON. 1 do not wish to inter-
rupt business if gentlemen are ready to go on.
It will take but. a few moments to pass this
bill. There are finly ten lines in it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont has objected If the Senator
withdraws his objection the Chair will put the
question to the Senate. If there is no objec-
tion to the consideration of the motion 
Mr. WRIGH T. 1 wish to say that I have
no objection to this bill, but I shall object to
this and all others, unless all Senators have
an equal opportunity to present bills. If it
be understood that we are to go on with busi-
ness if this bill is laid aside, 1 have no objec-
tion ; but without such an understanding I
do object,.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Mississippi [Mr. Alcorn] is dis-
posed to take the floor on the pending bill,
and the Chair recognizes him.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills; in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2286) for the relief of
Jolin Colter;
A bill (H. R. No. 2800) to authorize the
•President of the United States to appoint one
or more commissioners to represent the
Government of the United States at the inter-
national exposition of agricultual and industry
and fine arts, to be held at Vienna ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2852) for the relief of
James A. MeCulloh, late collector of the fifth
district of Missouri.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 468) to regulate
criminal practice in the Federal courts.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
rolls:
A bill (S. No. 105) for the relief of J. Mil-
ton Best;
A bill (S. No. 199) for the relief of L. Mer-
chant & Co.;
A bill (S. No. 327) to establish the collec-
tion district of Duluth, and to create St.
Paul, in the collection district of Minnesota, a
port of delivery;
A bill (S. No. 518) for the relief of William
Nixon, of West Virginia ;
A bill (S. No. 554) for the relief of James
F. Joy;
A bill (S. No. 674) for the relief of William
Blanchard;
A bill (S. No. 691) giving the assent of
Cougress to the subscription of the District of
Columbia to the stock of the Piedmont and
Potomac Railroad Company; and
A bill (S. No. 895) for the relief of Milo
Pratt.
extension of k(j klux act. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S.
No. 6.',6) to extend the provisions of the fourth
section of the act approved April 20, 1871, is
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. ALCORN addressed the Senate. [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. BAYARD obtained the floor.
Mr. AMES. Will the Seuator give way to
me for a few moments?
Mr. BAYARD. For what purpose ?
Mr. AMES. To reply to my colleague.
Mr. BAYARD. I yield for the time be-
ing.
Mr. AMES. Mr. President 
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi having the floor, I think we had bet-
ter adjourn, if he is willing.
Mr. AMES. I shall occupy but a few
moments.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well.
Mr. AMES then addressed the Senate. [His
speech will appear in the Appendix.]
Mr, ALCORN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Delaware is entitled to the floor. Does
he yield to the Senator from Mississippi?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. ALCORN. 1 should like to make a
brief reply. Several Senators suggest to me
that the hour is late, and if I can have the
floor in the morning for a short time I will
give way now.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senator from
Mississippi to give way to enable me to move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. ALCORN. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. BAYARD. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at eleven
o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 20, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order during the morning hour
is the calling of the States and Territories for
the introduction of bills and joint resolutions
for reference to their appropriate committees,
not to be brought back into the House by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures may be presented for printing and
reference. The morning hour now begins, at
twenty minutes after eleven o'clock a. m.
Mr. SNAPP. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. What is the question ?
Mr. SNAPP. It is a resolution which I
should like to have read.
The SPEAKER. Is it in relation to swear-
ing a member in?
Mr. SNAPP. It is not, but a resolution for
final adjournment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not rec-
ognize it.
sea lark.
Mr. HALE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2809) to allow the name of the schooner Ben-
jamin to be changed to Sea Lark; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
railroad and transportation accounts.
Mr. BELL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2810) providing for the adjustment of the ac-
counts of certain railroad and transportation
companies; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
ansonia soldier's monument.
Mr. KELLOGG introduced a joint resolu-
lution (H. R. No. 153) donating four con-
demned bronze cannon for a soldier's monu-
ment at Ansonia, Connecticut; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
adam warthman.
Mr. HARMER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2811) for the relief of Adam Warthman ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
david arens.
Mr. STORM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2812) granting a pension to the minor children
of David Arens, lateprivatecompanyE, eighty-
first regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, de-
ceased ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
pensions, and ordered to be printed.
william 3>. iloyd, os virginia.
Mr. STOWELL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2813) to remove all legal disabilities imposed
by the third section of the fourteenth article
of amendments to the Constitution from Wil-
liam P. Floyd, of Patrick county, Virginia;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committeeon the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
mary horton.
Mr. SLOSS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2814) granting a pension to Mary Horton, of
Franklin county, Alabama; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions, aud ordered to be
printed.
