960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
on staple lumber. If the fire lias increased
the price of lumber from fifty to seventy-five
per cent,, I ask these lumbermen how they
are going to be destroyed by a few vessel loads
of lumber coming in from Canada ? Then Mr.
Ohauaeey T. Bowen, of the firm of Boweu &
Brothers, in Chicago, another very heavyfirm,
writes to me thus:
" The' poor lumbermen' have made fabulous sums
of money. It is safe to add thirty-three and one
third per cent, as the advance since the fire, while
some kinds of lumber, ' long: joist,' have advanced
fifty per cent."
There are two of the large establishments in
Chicago, men who build a good deal, stating
that one class has increased fifty per c£nt. and
another class at least thirty-three and a third
per cent.; and yet if there is a reduction of the
tariff of $2 20 on the thousand it is going to
destroy the lumber merchants of Chicago, we
are told, when they are selling joist to-day at
fifty dollars per thousand in the city of Chi-
cago. It does seem to me that fifty dollars
per thousand for lumber is a very fair price.
So it is of brick. I have evidence here to
show, but I do not want to take up the time
of the Senate by reading it, that brick at the
time of the fire was selling from five aud a
half to six dollars a thousand, and that now
brick is selling at sixteen dollars per4hou-
s&nd, and everything else iu proportion; and
yet if we ask for a bill that may tend in some
little respect to reduce the prices of these
staple articles for building purposes we are
told that we are going to rob a class of people
and ruin the country !
I was told in the commencement of this argu-
ment that Chicago was arrogant, that Chicago
was proud, that Chicago was dictatorial. Mr.
President, she is not proud to-day, and she is
not dictatorial to-day. She does not come up
in b«r pride, and her pomp, and her splendor;
but she comes to this Senate Chamber to-day
in ashes, and asks the Senate to aid her in that
condition. I do not think it comes with a
good grace to say that she has been arrogant.
i\lisfortune may overtake an arrogant man, or
an arrogapt people, or an arrogant race ; but
when they are unfortunate, and when they are
bending under the load of misfortune, it is a
poor time then, it seems to me, to try to defeat
that which they claim as an act of generosity
toward them, by crying out that they have
been arrogant.
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chand-
leb] in his argument said that Chicago had
received a large appropriation for building a
court-house, post office, and custom-house,
and hence she ought not to have this given to
her. _ I was sorry to hear that. Boston is
building a post office, and if you will take the
custom-house in Boston and the post office in
Boston, you will find that the Government has
expended more money thete for that purpose
than all the appropriation you made for the
Chicago post office and custom-house. My
friend froia Michigan seemed to be sore because
Detroit had not received so heavy an appro-
priation as Chicago. X have no objection to
Detroit receiving every dollar she is entitled
to, and more too if necessary, to make her a
comfortable custom-house, post office, and
court-house. But let me give facts to the
Senate.
Why is it that it was required that so much
money should be appropriated? Because it
would cost a little over a million dollars to
bay the ground. There would then be enough
left to build a custom-house, post office, and
United States court-house. Let us see if Chi-
cago is entitled to that. Before she was burned
out, was she entitled to it ? We assert before
the Senate that she was entitled to that appro-
priation prior to the fire. Why? Because she
is to-day the third city in the United States, so
far as postal arrangements are concerned. The
money that she receives for the Government
of the United States, as postal compensa-
tion; is higher than in any city, except New
York and Philadelphia. Hew York receives
$2,214,401; Philadelphia, $758,072; Boston,
$703,492; Chicago, $703,518. There is a little
difference between Chicago and Boston, but
the advantage is in favor of Chicago. Then,
according to this list made out by the Post
Office Department and certified to, she was
entitled to as much appropriation as Boston
for a court-house and post office, and no more
did she get. Hence, she got no more than she
was entitled to.
I have resolutions here—but it is not neces-
sary to take up the time of the Senate in read-
ing them—from the commissioners of Cook
county, also from the Legislature of the State
of Illinois, passed unanimously, I believe,
certified to by the Governor of the State, ask-
ing their Representatives to do everything
they could in aid of a bill of this character.
It is the feeling of our State ; it is not con-
fined to Chicago, but it extends to the citi-
zens in all parts of the State, that Chicago,
their pride, is crushed by the fiery elementand
to-day lies at the feet of this country, and
these people pleading for that which will do
her some good. It is the feeling all over the
country, and I say to my friends from Michi-
gan and Wisconsin, if you strike out the lum-
ber from this proposition, there is not a human
being in these States but what sympathizes
fully with us. Chicago has done as much
toward making your States as your States
almost themselves. Why? Because it has
been the great market and the great outlet
from which, poured that which has brought
your merchants millions of dollars. Your
lumber has sought its money in the marts of
Chicago, and the very men that are inveighing
to-day against this bill seek their fortunes in
the marts of Chicago. If Chicago was to be
destroyed to-day your lumbermen of Michigan
would l'eel it more heavily than any other por-
tion of our country, and yet complaint is made
because we ask this little pittance and this
little boon.
Let me call the attention of the Senate to
the relief granted to Portland, Maine. I do it
merely for the purpose of showing that this
unconstitutional bill that I have introduced here
is eopied almost verbatim from the laws passed
in favor of Portland.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is not disputed;
they are the same in substance.
^ Mr. LOGAN. I know they are the same.
There were two laws passed, one in reference
to the remission of duties and one in reference
to the suspension of the collection of internal
revenue. I copied those sections verbatim,
except thename of the city and the change of
date; that is the only difference there is. Now,
1 ask, why do Senators desire to change this
bill? Do they want to set two precedents?
Some say this is a bad precedent. If it is a
bad precedent, two precedents differing would
be worse. It is better to keep up the simple
precedent made for Portland than to change.
What is the change desired? The Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Ferry] wants to change
the bill so as to appropriate money directly.
The Senator from Ohio and the Senator from
Vermont desire it changed so as to name the
articles upon which the remission of duties
shall operate. That would be different from
what was done for Portland; it would be mak-
ing a precedent in the Portland case that duties
might be remitted, and in the other case that
goods of a certain character might be admitted
free. You would have then two classes of pre-
cedents instead of one. Gentlemen say that
this is dangerous; that the Portland precedent
ought never to have been established. But it
was established. Why? Because it was just
and right, and no person was injured by it.
The Government was not injured; the people
were benefited; Portland was rebuilt, and
Portland is rebuilt in better condition to-day
than she was prior to the fire. I was there
and went around the burnt district in Portland
after it was rebuilt, and it is much better to-
day than it was prior to the fire. Why? Be-
cause the Government of the United States
encouraged the people of Portland, first by
contributing to their necessities in clothing,
tents, and things of that kind; then we appro-
priated $50,000 in money; and then we gave
them the further relief we now ask for Chicago ;
and that encouragement on the part of the
Government through their Congressmen and
Senators gave the people of Portland such aid
as did rebuild that city in better condition to-
day and more permanently than it was before.
The very same thing will occur in this case if
we are permitted to have this bill.
If we are not permitted to have it, what can
I say to my constituents when I return home?
The Government contributed to Portland a
little over $21,000 in the remission of duties.
Portland lost in her fire $9,000,000. Chicago
lost almost entire, the heart of the city gone,
and lies to-day in smoldering ruins nothing
but the shell, the kernel all abstracted by the
fire, all consumed and gone. She comes to
the Senate of the United States, a great western
city, with her pride humbled, and asks humbly
that the same benefit shall be extended to her
that was extended to Portland. I read this act
of Congress of 1866 for the benefit of Portland.
I am asked by my constituents, "Why could you
not get the same benefit for us ? Is it because
the people of the West are hated by the Senate?
Is it because the people of the West are not
entitled to the same privileges as others ? Is
it because the same justice is not to be dealt
out to them that is dealt out to others? Is
it because, when we come and ask, we shall
not receive, when it shall be given to others
without asking? Is that the way we are to
be turned off?" What am I to say to my
constituents? Or are they to say to me, " Be-
cause you did not have the ability to present
your case it was lost in the Senate?" It
passed, nem. con., in the House, and comes
to the Senate only to find objectors. It found
but six when the bill passed here before. I
hope it may not find so many to-day.
I appeal to the generosity of the Senate to-
day to do the same act of justice toward my
constituents that they have in former times
done toward others. If the Constitution of
the United States seeks to put taxation on an
equality, in God's name put the people on an
equality. Let us stand on the same plane on
which others stand; let ns have the same
justice done to us that others have had done
to them ; let us not be without success more
than others have been that applied at the bar
of the Senate and House.
This is what the constituency that I in part
represent ask, and the answer that I will get
at home. But they say this, "If we do not
receive that which we think would be a benefit
to us, we will do the best we can ; that is all we
can doand that the people of Chicago will
do. They have shown greater energy since
this fire than almost any other people that
ever lived. The people who have shown such
energy and such determination as they have
exhibited, ought to be encouraged if it is pos-
sible to do it by the Government of the United
States without doing injury to the country gen-
erally, and this measure will do none. There-
fore I ask the Senate of the United States to
refuse this day to reconsider the vote that was
given at the time this bill passed, and let it
become a law now. Do net let it be recon-
sidered in order to go back to the Finance
Committee, to come back here or not as they
may see proper.
I will give the Senate a reason for so doing.
It is now growing late in February, and will
soon be spring time. It is the time to com-
mence building. The contractors in Chicago
will perhaps not make their contracts, or if
they do they will make them in reference to
this bill, or they will withhold from making
them on account of it. If you hold up the
bill for a month, or two weeks, of any length
of time here, it will interfere materially with
contracts for building in the city of Chicago.
