12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 31,
Senate.
Legal and Political Disabilities—Mr. Chandler,
42d Cong 2d Sbss.
floor or anywhere else of repentance on the
part .of a rebel, that he has joined, the loyal
Republican party.
Have these other rebels shown any such
symptoms of repentance? Is there any evi-
dence that any single one of the men upon
whom we are going to force amnesty against
their will and wishes, men who will not even
ask us to grant the boon, has repented of his
sins and has become a loyal man ? No, sir.
On the contrary, the evidence is glaring that
not only are they unrepentant rebels, but thett
they are as bitier rebels as they were when
they wore the rebel gray with muskets pointed
at the loyal heart of this nation.
Mr. President, I cannot vote this boon in
advance of a demand for it, and I never will.
The very moment that these rebels show that
they have repented, that they have become
loyal, law-abiding citizens, that moment I will
vote them amnesty; but, nntil they do show
that they have repented of their rebellion, I
never will vote them amnesty.
Sir, it is not amnesty that they require.
These men are criminals who are to-day
prisoners of war, unless the President's proc-
lamation that the war was ended may have
relieved them.. We to-day hold the parole
of every man of them as a prisoner of war,
and they are liable under the laws of war
unless the President's proclamation has re-
lieved them, the very moment they violate
that parole, to be taken out and shot under
martial law; and I should like to see a few of
them treated as prisoners of war. It would
do more good than amnesty to take a hundred
or two of them out some morning and dispose
of them in that way. What they need is the
strong hand of power to punish thein for their
crimes. It is true that we have sent some
sixty or seventy of them to State's prison, but
that is not what they need. They need what
they are_ inflicting upon their poor innocent
loyal neighbors; they need a stronger, haisher
treatment than they have received iu the
courts. I do not say that the proclamation of
the President may not have relieved them
from their positions as prisioners of war, but
unless that proclamation has thus relieved
them, every single man of them is liable to be
brought before a military court-martial to-
morrow and shot for a violation of his parole.
I have never been in very great haste to
grant either amnesty or rights to the men who
rebelled against the Government. When they
took_ up arms against this Government, they
forfeited every right, and when they laid down
their arms they admitted that they had for-
feited every right. They simply asked, not
amnesty, not the protection of their property,
but that we in our magnanimity would grant
them their miserable lives. That is all they
asked. They made no further demand than
that, that their lives might be spared, and they
would have been perfectly content with that.
But, sir, in addition to their lives, we gave
them their property, and in addition to their
property we have given a large majoriiy of them
amnesty, and now you propose to come in and
give amnesty to the rest,, not as a right, for
every right was forfeited, but as a boon, and a
boon for what?
Sir, I will not go over the history of the
•wrongs and outrages that will be spread be-
fore you in two or three days by the chairman
of the Ku Klux Committee; but if any man
desires to see sustained every assertion that I
have made, and see more than sustained every
utterance that has been made by the news-
paper press, he has only to look over the evi-
dence taken before that Ku Klux Committee,
and more than all that has been said will be
sustained.
Mr. President, by some means or other,
and I can hardly tell how, civil service reform
has been dragged into this discussion upon
amnesty. I do not very well understand what
business it has here, but it has been here over
and over and over again, and I may as well
make an allusion to it as I go along.
I am in favor of every effeciive reform that
can be made in the civil service, and I am in
favor of the most searching investigation to
And out where reforms can be made. But the
other morning I was going to show that some
reforms had been made when the expiiation of
the morning hour interrupted me, and I was
prevented. That I believe was upon another
bill; but that makes no difference. Civil ser-
vice reform has been here, and I may as well
say now what I meant to say then. I then said
that civil service reform had been goingon for
the last ten oreleven years, and very effectively
going on. I stated that when the rebellion
broke out nearly every officer under this Gov-
ernment was a traitor to his country; certainly
more than nine tenths of all the officeholders
in the District of Columbia were rebels against
the Government. We went to work to reform
every one of ihose rebels out of office, and we
reformed loyal and faithful men into office in
their places. That was our first civil service
reform.
Then, as I said before, Mr. Johnson, hav-
ing turned "liberal Republican"-—I believe
that is the name now, but we always used
to call them Democrats—Mr. Johnson, hav-
ing turned " liberal Republican," found it
extremely difficult to procure honest, compe-
tent, faithful men who would even profess to
be Johnson men. In consequence of that, he
was obliged to a very considerable extent to
fill his offices with incompetent men, and in
many eases men not of the highest character.
We have reformed all of John-son's incompe-
tent nominees out of office and have-reformed
honest men into office in their places.
Then,'in addition to that, early in this Ad-
ministration a good many Senators, and a good
many members of the House of Representa-
tives, and a good many members of the press,
recommended the appointment of improper
men to office, and it was utterly impossible
that the President should know all these men.
There is one instance of an editor, who I be-
lieve now belongs to the reform party, who
recommended several very improper men to
office; they proved to be thieves; and every
one of them that has been proven to be
a thief has been reformed out of office and
reformed into the penitentiary. Then a good
many more, some recommended by members
of this body, when they found that this reform
was going on, reformed themselves into for-
eign lands, where they were beyond the reach
of the United States courts, and remain there
yet in disgrace; and a good many more, where
the proof was not sufficient to convict them,
and yet where the moral conviction was so
strong that they could not be retained in
office, have been reformed out of office and
are now in disgrace in this land, and in every
instance where it could be done competent
and honest men have been put in their places.
These reforms- have been going on daily and
hourly eversince President Grant's inaugura-
tion, and they have been very effective in their
results. It is my sincere belief that we never
had so honest or so efficient a civil service
under this Government as we have to-day;
andyet undoubtedly other reforms can be made
and will be made. Wherever an abuse is
pointed out to this Administration, that abuse
is immediately remedied, and wherever abuses
are found they will continue to be remedied.
Our Saviour must have been a pretty good
judge of human nature; and yet among His
chosen twelve there was one Judas, and from
the days of our Saviour dowu to the present
time I suppose the average has been about the
same as with our Saviour's chosen friends,
about one in twelve. I think if you study the
Scriptures you will make up your mind that
our Saviour brought about linn the general
average of honesty and dishonesty; and it
makes no difference whether in this body or
invhe Houseof Representatives, or somewhere
else, you will find about one Judas out of
twelve. It is about theavwage, and has been
since the days of our Saviour. Until the mil-
lennium comes we must expect here and there
to find a man who cannot resist great tempta-
tion. I believe that this Administration has
used every possible effort to find the twelfth
man, and whenever found tbey made a note
of it," and turned him out and put a faithful
public servant in his place. Such is the
Republican policy. We punish our thieves;
the Democrats reward theirs.
Now, with regard to the present civil ser-
vice,reform. I will not go into an investigation
of that, because this is neither the time nor the
place. When the time comes I shall. I am in
favor of reforming out every incompetent man ;
I am in favor of reforming out every dishonest
man, and of reforming good men into their
places. But, sir, whether this comoetitive
exammation-wbieh is now talked of is going
to accomplish that or not, 1 cannot say. My
judgment would be that, it would jequire some-
thing a little different, from that competitive
examination to carry #ut the much-talked-of
civil service reform to its very best results.
So much by the way for "civil service."
The honorable Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Saulsbury] yesterday—and I am sorry I have
not his speech before me; it is not in the
Globe this morning—madea speech comparing
the Democratic party with the Republican
party, and drawing a contrast that was not
particularly favorable to the Republican party.
1 propose t.o carry out the parallel between the
two parties a little further than he did. It is
a parallel that I think should be held up before
this nation. It is a parallel that the young
men of the nation now coming upon the stage
of life should examine, and I for one shall
never refuse to make that comparison, either
on this floor or anywhere else. I like to draw
it on the stump as well as I do here. It is a
parallel that I have been in the habit of draw-
ing for a long time.
The Senator from Delaware discovered that,
in the good old days of Democracy we had
specie payments; in the good old days of
Democracy we had lighter taxation; in the
good old days of Democracy our commerce
was more thriving than it is to-day; and in
that same parallel he discovered that the
Republican party was responsible for this
increased taxation, and for this destruction of
our commerce.
Sir, has my honorable friend from Delaware
forgotten that we have had a rebellion since
the Republican party came into power? Has
my honorable friend from Delaware never
heard of the Alabama and her colleagues, that
sailed all over the occan destroying, wherever
they found it, what lay under the American
flag? Does my honorable friend from Dela-
ware know that the Alabama was commanded
by that eminent Democratic politician, Admi-
ral Semmes, of the confederate navy, now a
leading Democratic editor in the Democratic
South? Has my honorable friend ever learned
that the Republican party had an enormous
work to do after it came into power? Has my
honorable friend ever heard what the first mis-
sion of the great Republican party was after
it came into power under this Government?
Mr. President, it is a very common thing to
hear these " liberal Republicans" of the An-
drew Johnson stripe—I think that is the name
they went by under Andrew Johnson—con-
demning the action of this Government. A
very common thing it is and has been for them,
and they are very much in the habit ol saying
that the mission of the old Republican party
