64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
ful one at best, and I doubt very much the
policy of incorporating it into an act of Con-
gress in reference to apportionment.
Mr. SHANKS. My State is particularly
interested in this matter, and I agree with the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Faknsworth]
in regard to it. I thought it was plain that the
provision of the bill in regard to elections by
general ticket related only to the Forty-Third
Congress. I wish, however, to call attention
to a statement made ^by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. "Dawes,] in which he
seemed to throw out the idea that Congress
had at some time authorized a State to go
beyond one election for a member of Congress
at large. Sir, Congress has never done such a
thing. The State of Illinois has had a Repre-
sentative upon this floor elected by the people
at large, without any legal authority whatever,
for several years; but the population of that
State was so large, and there was so much jus-
tice in that representation, that no one raised
a voice against it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think we have had
a joint resolution authorizing it from Congress
to Congress.
Mr. SHANKS. I think not. I may be mis-
taken, but I think there has been no authority
for it. But, ofcourse, it would not do to depend
on the continuance of that condition of things.
I ask* that a provision shall be put in the bill
that will secure to us our full representation,
even though the members of the Legislature
may have resigned, or the Governor may not
call an extra session. We, in Indiana, have
only biennial sessions of our Legislature, and
we cannot control this matter in any other way.
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
call the attention of the House—because it is
necessary that they should consider it before
they make any further progress in this bill—to
a matter which was alluded to by the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]] when this sub-
ject was last before the House. This is the
first apportionment under the fourteenth arti-
cle of amendments to the Constitution of the
United States, and of course it is to be made
on a new basis; there is a new constitutional
regulation in respect to it. The second section
of the fourteenth a,rtic!e of amendments pro-
vides that "Representatives shall be appor-
tioned among the several States according to
their respective numbers, counting the whole
number of persons in each State, excluding
Indians not taxed."
I desire the particular attention of the House
to what follows:
fhe ri8ht to Yote at any election for
the choice oi electors for President and Vice Presi-
dent of the united States, Representatives in Con-
gress, the executive and judicial officers of a State,
or the members of the Legislature thereof, is denied
to any of the mate inhabitants of such State, being
twenty-one years of uge, and citizens of the United
btates, or in any way abridged, except for partici-
pation in rebellion, or other crime, the basis of rep-
resentation therein shall be reduced in the propor-
tion the number of such male citizens shall
near to tho whole number of male citizens twontv-
one years of age m such State."
Now, Mr. Chairman, the requirement™ that
provision of the Constitution as to the persons
who shall be counted in this apportionment is
that they shali be thovse only who are not ex-
eluded from the franchise in any of the States
for any other reasons than those specified in
this amendment; in other words, if a State
excludes a-ny persons from the franchise who
are male citizens of the United States twenty-
One years of age, and inhabitants, except for
participation m the rebellion, or for other
crimes, a proportional number of persons shall
be counted out of the basis of representation
ofthatbtate. Let me illustrate this. Georgia
excludes all those who have not paid all taxes
which may have been required of them, and
which they have had an opportunity of paying
withm the preceding year. Nevada excludes
those who have not paid a poll-tax; Massa-
chusetts excludes those who have not paid a
Mate or county tax assessed within two years
preceding, unless by law exempted from taxa-
tion ; Delaware excludes those over twenty-
two who have not within two years paid a
county tax assessed at least six months before
election. Pennsylvania has the same require-
ment in regard to all taxes assessed ten days
before the election. Rhode Island has a prop-
erty qualification which covers all her inhab-
itants.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it seems to me entirely
clear that in Pennsylvania, for instance, the
whole voting population of that State over
twenty-two years of age has its right to vote
abridged by this provision that no person in
that State shall vote who is over twenty-two
years of age unless he has paid taxes. He
may be a male inhabitant; he may be twenty-
one years of age; he may be a citizen of the
United States: he may never have participated
in the rebellion, nor committed other crimes,
and yet when he comes to the polls, if he has
not paid taxes, he cannot vote.
Mr. RANDALL. Any time within two
years.
Mr. WILLARD. Well, that is an abridg-
ment of his right to vote. Suppose we turn
the proposition around. Suppose, instead of
the amendment as it now stands, we had this
amendment: "The right to vote for the choice
of electors of President, Yice President, &c.,
of the male inhabitants of any State above
twenty-one years of age, and citizens of the
United States, shall not be denied or in any
way abridged except for participation in rebel-
lion or other crimes." Would any gentleman
here pretend, if that provision was in the Con-
stitution, that the State of Pennsylvania, or
any other State, could require a property quali-
fication, or that persons otherwise voters should
pay taxes before they had a right to vote? It
seems to me very clear that such a require-
ment would in that case be plainly unconsti-
tutional.
I had the honor of offering a resolution on
Thursday last, which was passed by the House,
calling on the Secretary of the Interior for a
statement of the persons excluded from the
right of suffrage in their respective States for
reasons other than those named in the four-
teenth article of amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States. I do not understand
that that information has yet been presented
to this House. I suppose it will be laid before
us in a day or two at farthest; I so under-
stand. It seems to me it will be impossible
for us to proceed intelligently under that four-
teenth amendment unless we know what per-
sons are excluded from voting in the respective
States. I am not, by any means, certain that
the whole population of Vermont, as well as
of many other States, would not be excluded
or counted out by that provision. We in Ver-
mont require that all voters shall take the free-
man's oath, as it is called; and they must also
be persons of quiet and peaceable behavior.
Ihat, perhaps, is a reason why our State is
Republican. [Laughter.]
Mr. SC0FIELD. Would that take out the
whole population of Vermont?
Mr. WILLARD. It seems to me those are
all qualifications in addition to those named in
the fourteenth amendment, and I am by no
means certain that they do not affect all the
voting population of my State. Other States
require other oaths. All States require a resi-
dence longer or shorter, and it may be a ques-
tion whether even residence is not a qualifi-
cation in addition to those required by the
fourteenth amendment, as in that amendment
the phrase "male inhabitants" is used- and
every lawyer understands that a person who
has gone into a State with the intention of
remaining is an inhabitant of that State though
he may have resided there but one dav. New
York requires that a person shall have been a
01i'-Zi\at St tea daya bet'01'e the election at
which he offers to vote; and this certainly is
in addition to the qualifications of citizenship
named m this fourteenth amendment.
1 have mentioned only a part of the various
limitations—other than those specified in the
fourteenth amendment—on Hie right to vote in
the various States; but I have named enough
to show that we cannot safely proceed to make
this apportionment without further information
from the Interior Department. Perhaps the
committee may as well rise and wait for this
information, rather than to go 011 in this way
without it. We do not know whether we ought
to give an additional member to Missouri, and
to Ohio, and to other States until we hav.;
before us the information called for by mv
resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is notthe gentleman ad-
vised that the paper laid upon our tables the
other day is one prepared by the Interior De-
partment, and that it declares the aggregate of
the representative population of the United
States ?
Mr. WILLARD. I heard the colleague of
the gentleman [Mr. Garfield] state the other
day that that paper was a correct statement
from the Census Bureau, but it does not con-
tain the information we must have in order to
go ahead understanding^ with this apportion-
ment. I take it that Congress is not acting
under the directionof the Secretary of the Inte-
rior or of the Superintendent of the Census,
or of anybody else, in determining this matter
of the representative population of any State.
We do not submit questions of that sort to
them; they furnish us with the facts, and we
determine those questions for ourselves.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to take the census himself, or to let those
take it who are designated by law for that
purpose ?
Mr. WILLARD. I will tell the gentleman
what I propose.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would like to know.
Mr. WILLARD. The Secretary of the
Interior has been ordered to take a certain
census; to ascertain certain facts. When we
have the returns^ of that census before us we
will know what it contains, and then we can
tell for ourselves whether the representative
population of Ohio is one million, that of
Pennsylvania two millions, &c.
Mr. BINGHAM. The Interior Department
is authorized by the act of 1850 to take the
census, and we must take the census which
that Department gives to us.
Mr. WILLARD. Some of the facts called
for by my resolution offered the other day
appear in the statement before the House;
but there is one fact called for by that reso-
lution that does not there appear, and that is
the number of persons in the respective States
who are deprived of the right to vole for rea-
sons other than those named in the fourteenth
amendment. Tables are being prepared to
show that very fact, and those tables will be
laid before us in season to enable ua to act
upon this matter understandiugly.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Has the gentle-
man ascertained that when we get those tables
they will show the number of persons over
twenty-one years of age in the various States
who are disfranchised, and also the number
of persons who are enfranchised by the opera-
tion of the fifteenth amendment?
Mr. WILLARD. I suppose the report will
show the nationality of all the males in the
Unitec. States, the number of each nationality
who are citizens of the United States and the
number who are not citizens; and it will also
show the color of the inhabitants of the United
states, ihe fifteenth amendment provides that
no person shall have his right to vole denied
or abridged by reason of color, race, or pre-
vious condition of servitude. I suppose, as a
matter of course, this information I have called
irl't i o! the llumbei' of males in the
United States over twenty-one years of age,
r°IT7u°{th6ru aw biack> «nany are of
iruh birth, how many are French, how many
are Germans, &c.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will it show how
many are voters?
