1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
961
If you are going to give them relief at all,
grant it to-day. If you do not intend to give
them relief at all, let tliem know it to-day;
vote the bill down entire. It is not necessary
to refer it back to the Finance Committee.
Let them know what they have got to depend
upon. Let the bill be voted down or let it be
voted up; let it either become a law or not
become a law; but let these people know what
they have got to depend upon. When I ask
the Senate not to reconsider that vote, I ask it
in the name of one hundred and ten thousand
sufferers to-day who want to rebuild their
cabins and their houses, their hotels, their
business places, and houses for their families
to live in and have shelter. It is in the name
of these people that I ask that the vote shall
not be reconsidered.
Sir, I have detained the Senate now a great
deal longer than I intended to do.
Mr. PERRY, of Michigan. Mr. President,
the Senate and the country will never reflect
upon the Senator from Illinois for any lack of
ability or zeal in pressing this bill for passage
before this body; nor do I abate my sympathy
in comparison with the Senator from Illinois
for the stricken city for which he has thus
appealed. I with him saw it destroyed. I felt
the force of the loss, and heard the woe of the
sufferers, and when he makes apersonal appeal
I am with him in full accord.
But, sir, this question rises, as I stated in
my opening, above public sympathy; it is a
question of public policy. I say to the Sen-
ator two wrongs cannot make a right; and
when he points to the precedent of Portland,
I stand here and ask in the face of this great
destruction, where the whole nation feels the
loss, that we revoke that precedent and estab-
lish one that is tenable. That is the point I
make. I have no disposition, nor is it my
object in voting for a reconsideration, to with
hold any relief from the city of Chicago.
But me let call attention to the language of
the second section of the bill:
That there shall be allowed and paid, under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
proscribe, on all materials imported, to b© and actu-
ally used in buildings erected on the ground burned
over by said fire, a drawback of the import duties
paid on the same.
Will the Senator contend that if all these
articles are purchased of manufacturers within
the Union there will be a duty and a draw-
back to the extent of the duty? _ The section
itself presupposes that these articles must be
imported, foritsays " adrawback of the import
duties paid on the same."
Now, I put it to the Senator that the only
method by which the amount can be arrived
at is to state how and where the articles enter
into the reconstruction of those buildings,
before you can ask a drawback under the regu
lations of the Secretary of the Treasury; and
I reply to the position of the Senator by stating
that you can as well under similar regulations
of the Secretary of the Treasury apply the
money as you can the materials, and in
that way you avoid the corruption and pecula-
tion incident to your customs system. We
have an instance of this in New York ; and to
less extent affirmed in other custom-houses in
the country, as shown by petitions presented
here this morning, that more or less corrup-
tion is incident to the system. _
The proposition of the Senator is to admit
these goods free from a foreign laud. I say,
keep your manufactures and your commodities
for the benefit of your own people. Give your
relief to Chicago from the surrounding States,
but do not by the method of this bill strike a
blow that shall affect the industries of the
nation for the ultimate benefit of foreign man-
ufacturers. The Senator from New Jersey
[Mr. FnuMSGnoTSBx] the other day well illus-
trated this by a figure of speech, as symbols
generally convey ideas more clearly and forcibly
than words. He slated that a pound at theepd
of a iever had a hundred-fold more effect than
one near the fulcrum. That is the effect of
42d Cong. 2d Sess.— No. 61,
this measure. The direct amount of the duties
to be remitted, as the Chicago Tribune states,
is very small, as it- was in the case of Portland;
but the effect of the measure is to sweep away
all the duties upon every article enumerated in
this list, and there is the way by which that
laper arrives at the amount of $20,000,000
jenefit to the city. Does the Senator from
Illinois state here that $20,000,000 will be
allowed as a drawback if these articles are not
imported 1
Mr. LOGAN. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator a question. Does he presume to say that
twenty millions will be the amount of draw-
back merely from the statement of a news-
paper ? I do not think the Senator takes that
paper as good authority on some questions.
That newspaper has no more idea as to what
the drawback will be than he has, not a parti-
cle ; and I do not think he has much idea of
it. I know I have not.
Mr. FERBY, of Michigan. I want to get
at the facts of this case. I do not think that
the Senator from Illinois will go back upon
the organ of the city which he is now so effi-
ciently representing. But I want to call his
attention again to a sentence or two in this
same paper:
"As a general thing, the effect will be to reduce
prices to the extent of the duty."
Then it goes on and gives a list of the arti-
cles, thirty-five in number, and what further
does it say ?
" It does not follow that we are to purohase all of
these articles we need from foreign countries, but
as we can get them at the price ruling in Toronto,
Montreal, Liverpool, or elsewhere, that fact uiust
necessarily regulate prices here."
Mark the first and significant quotation which
I repeat:
"As a general thing, the effect will be to reduce
prices to the extent of the duty/'
How ean you get the remission unless duty
has been paid ? How can duty be paid on the
articles unless they are imported from foreign
places, and unless you apply there for them?
How can you bring your lever to bear with a
hundred-fold weight unless you purchase in
foreign lands, and thus tell the dealers in the
local market that they must come down to the
extent of the duty ? There, sir, is the potency
of this blow to domestic industry. The thing
is as plain as .the light. You can derive no
benefit from this bill unless you use the apply-
ing power ; and if I were to use a figure of
speech, I would say this was a proposition
for the restoration of Chicago by a homeo-
pathic dose with allopathic treatment forth®
States. That is just it and nothing else. For!
the purpose of giving to Chicago the benefit
of this moiety you propose to strike down the
greater industries of the States and make them
contribute by this prostration of prices—beaten
down by tlie competition of imported fabrics
to the amount ot $20,000,000 for the benefit
of Chicago. That being the purport and the
purpose of the bill in its effect, 1 am not will-
ing to let it become a law with my support. I
am willing to meet even that vast amount, but
upon a principle of equality, by having the
$20,000,000 distributed according to popula-
tion, and Michigan will be the last State that
will withdraw from giving her quota of relief.
The Senator has asked how are you going
to fix this tax. If I were to discriminate be-
tween two processes, one that was directly in
violation of the Constitution, which says you
shall not give a preference to the ports of one
State over those of another, I would instead
tax articles that enter that port, and thus liidi*
rectly give preference to all the others by this
prejudice to the one upon the principle that
the greater includes the less. Vi hy, sir, Mich-
igan herself will give to-day the amount ot
$400,000, or even §500,000, as her quota, and
you may tax her lumber for it. lax the lum-
ber that goes into Chicago ten cents a thou-
sand, and you will raise that amount in tour
years, or tax it twenty cents, and raise it m
two years from the passage of the but. i
have asked every lumberman who has appeared
here whether he would be willing to be taxed
ten, twenty, or twenty-five cents a thousand
for this purpose, and tho answer lias been,
Yes."
Our object is not to get rid of granting
relief to Chicago, but we say the precedent
established in the Portland case is a wrong
one, and cannot be upheld. Suppose a fire
should occur in New York, another in Boston,
another in St. Louis, another in New Orleans,
simultaneously, if you please, upon this very
precedent established in the Portland cas<>,
and' renewed in the case of Chicago, if this
bill should pass, you have adopted a< rule
which you cannot evade, and you must upon
that same basis afford relief to these other
cities, and virtually bankrupt your Treasury.
Now, sir, tliis money must enter your Treas-
ury through your customs. In this rebate pro-
posed by the bill it has to enter aud then go
out of the Treasury. Now, I say, come frankly
to the Treasury and ask for the amount re-
quired, and appropriate it for the reconstruc-
tion of the city of Chicago.
As to the conspiracy for raising prices, I
am compelled now, inasmuch as the Senator
has stated that they have gone up to fabulous
figures, to run over the prices.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not say any such thing.
I read a letter.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. The Senator
read a letter, and I supposed that when he
read it it was the same as stating it. However,
I take that term back, and say that the Sen
ator read from a letter written by a Mr. Farwell,
if I mistake not, and a brother of an honor-
able gentleman in the other House, who states
that he paid at the rate of fifty dollars a thou-
sand. In the remarks that I made in the open-
ing of this debate I said there might be a
case where a man wanting a peculiar kind of
lumber, and not finding it in the market, and
navigation being closed, must seek it where he
can find it, and bring it by land, and to the
price at the mill must be added the price of
that excessive transportation.
Mr. LOGAN. Allow me to read just what
he did say, He does not say he bought at
fifty dollars a thousand. He says:
" The lumbermen here have put up their prices
since the fire fifty to seventy-five per cent, on staplo
lumber, suoh as joists and common boards.
Mr, FERRY, of Michigan. In reply to
that I will read from the Tribune last received
fiom Chicago, and certainly the reports of the
markets of Chicago as stated by the press can-
not, he questioned. I give the prices accord-
ing to this report:
Ou first and second clear-
That is the highest quality of clear lumber.
Second clear, one inch to two inch 
Thiid clear, one inch  ™
Third cloar, thick  ■- 4i>®
Firstand second clear flooring toge ther rough, W
First and second clear sidmg together  is
Common sidmg    ™
Common flooring dressed first..... 
Common flooring dressed second  ifS <su
A stock boards irS S?
B stock beards 30
Now I come to tho point to which the Sen-
ator has just referred:
Common board, joists, scantling, small timbort
&c., sixteen feet and under,
Here in the dead of winter, with all this
destruction of buildings, we find the price in
the public market of Chicago of common lum-
ber under sixteen feet given at twenty dollars.
Let me give the higher lengths:
" Joists and scantling eighteen to twenty-
four feet," which are the longest joists used
for buildings and stores, twenty-four feet in
width, "twenty to twenty-five dollars. ibe
maximum given in the market here is twenty-
five dollars a thousand.
Now I want to state a rule having some
knowledge of the lumber market of Chicago.
The usual price of long stuff is one dollar a
foot; that is commonly understood; and i
but State the fact. Now we- bftve her? tor
