1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1857
Senator whether he proposes to leave the
very costly and ponderous machinery of the
internal revenue ?
Mr. MORTON. That is a question that
will come up afterward. If this amendment
should be adopted, it will then be for us to
determine how much of that machinery can
be dispensed with.
Mr. SUMNER. The proposition of the
Senator is partial. He proposes to give up
ilie internal revenue in great part, but there
is no proposition to abolish the office and all
this tribe of office-holders throughout the coun-
try. Now, I think that should be accomplished
before we close this session. I think we ought
to reduce the taxation, and one element of
reducing the taxation is to get rid of this tribe
of office-holders.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
Senator from Virginia, I desire to state that
this subject of internal revenue taxation is not
introduced in this bill for the reason which I
stated in the beginning ; but undoubtedly any
measure for the repeal of internal taxes should
be accompanied with a modification _ of the
machinery for the collection of internal
taxes. I take it, however, the amendment is
not now in order, but will come up at a later
period.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not
now in order.
Mr. COLE. "With the permission of the
Senator from Virginia, I will say, in response
to the Senator from Massachusetts, that ade-
quate provision already exists for getting rid
of this machinery to a great extent. The Sen-
ator will remember that the President and
Secretary of the Treasury have now the power
to reduce the number of collection districts
and consolidate them in the States, and to
reduce to any extent the. force that is now
employed in collecting internal revenue ; and
as soon as a measure of this kind is passed, the
machinery would be modified at once under
the power which the Government now pos-
sesses.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that. The Sen-
ator says that the Executive has the power.
The question is whether, on a matter like that,
Congress should not interfere and positively
abolish the machinery; whether it should leave
that to the discretion of anybody.
Mr. COLE. There has already been a re-
duction of t.heforce used in collecting the taxes
on account of the reduction of. taxes made a
year or two ago, and the executive depart-
ment of the Government has from time to time
reduced it as much as it could be reduced and
faithfully carry out the laws.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Indiana desire his proposed
amendment printed ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; I should be glad
to have it printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, that order will be made.
Mr. JOHNSTON addressed the Senate.
[His remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, X propose
at the proper time to move an amendment to
the bill striking out its provision as to the duty
011 rice.
I feel it to be my duty to move so to amend
it in justice to those engaged in one of the
most important agricultural interests of the
State I have the honor in part to represent,
and of two or three other southern States.
There are few branches of the industry of
the rice-growing States of the Union which
feel the benefits of that system of protective
duties which has come to be regarded as the
settled policy of the country. _ Most of the
products of those States are agricultural, and
of such a nature that they do not need protec-
tion to enable them to enter on favorable
terms into competition with similar articles
produced elsewhere. Our manufactures,
though increasing, yet in very small degree
42d Ooitg, Sjsss.—No. 117.
engage the labor of our people, and nearly all
the manufactured articles we consume are
produced elsewhere. It thus happens that of
whatever benefits may attach to the protective
system we have but a small share, while its
burdens are seriously felt.
Doubtless a very large portion of the popu-
lation of the South would favor the entire
abolition, or a great modification, of the whole
protective system. But at the same time they
feel that while this system is adhered to by
the Government, it is but just that its advan-
tages should be extended 'to the industries
peculiar to them, so far as it can be done
without injustice to interests more important.
Especially do they feel that they have a right
to demand the fostering protection of the Gov-
ernment for those interests which, having
national as well as local importance, would
without such aid languish, if not disappear,
and which, with such protection, are sure to
be rendered self-sustaining and vigorous in a
comparatively brief period.
Special reasons exist at this time why the
kindest care and most generous aid should be
extended to the industries of the southern
States. Their material prosperity is one of
the most certain cures for a large part of
the evils under which they suffer socially and
politically. A large increase of their produc-
tions will render their relations with the man-
ufacturing and commercial parts of the Union
more close and intimate. The friction of
commercial relations will remove many of
the barriers which now separate the people
of the South from those of the North in their
social and political opinions ; will familiarize
the people of each section more and more
with each other's modes of thought and action,
and will give to each a better opinion of the
other. No legitimate process of arriving at
a result so desirable should- be left untried.
The war into which, impelled by a misguided
zeal for an institution justly condemned by all
other civilized peoples, they madly rushed,
left the southern whites impoverished to an
extent hardly conceivable except by those
who saw how completely they threw themselves
into the struggle, and who have learned of
their condition afterward by actual contact
with it. Of course there were exceptions, but
to the mass of those who owned the lands
there was nothing else left. Stock, agricul-
tural implements, in numberless cases even
houses to shelter them, were gone. Capital
to purchase these, or to employ labor in cul-
tivation, could be borrowed only at rates alto-
gether unprecedented in the South, and often
so large that there was little hope of producing
enough on the lands to repay it, without con-
sidering the question of a surplus. To one
class of the people thewarhad brought material
wealth ; the slave had become a freeman ; he
had acquired property in his own person, an
incalculable boon to him, an immense profit
in the long run to the State. But this boon
had been acquired at the expense of an entire
disorganization for the time being of the labor
system. New arrangements,, a complete change
of habits and modes of action was demanded,
and this a change for which the average planter
was little prepared. With often abundant will
to cope with the difficulties of the strange posi-
tion, there was as often utter incapacity to do
so, and many who under the old system had
found the acquisition of a handsome income
easy, found it hard to secure the necessaries
of life under the new.
Yet, Mr. President, under all these diracul-
ties most of the old industries revived, and are
surely gaining ground; new enterprises have
started into life, and we already see enough
to justify the prophecy that in free men and
free labor the problem of the prosperity of the
South will be clearly solved; that the skies of
the future are brighter than those of the past
in every way; that the material, economic
condition of that section, as well as its social
and political fabric, will show the great bless-
ings of the revolution which has passed over
them. We ask now that when one of our
domestic products comes into competition
with those of other countries, where labor
and provisions and clothing and shelter are
cheaper thau with us, the producer of that
article in Carolina or Georgia shall receive
the same protection as is given to the pro-
ducer in other States. The protective system
having been established, the doctrines of free
trade having been repudiated, let protection
be afforded with as much impartiality as is
practicable. We do not ask for a permanent
retention of the rate of duty now by law placed
on rice. We do not believe it will be needed.
The aid we ask is but temporary. We do not
ask to have the duty increased; we simply ask
to have it stand as it is.
The time was when our rice-planters sent
their products to the markets of the world in
easy and successful competition with that, any-
where produced. Its quality then, as now,
made it command a higher price than any
other rice. Not only did we supply the entire
domestic demand, but we exported it largely
for a period covering several generations. It
is the oldest southern staple, and was a profit-
able article of cultivation for more than a cen-
tury and a half, never needing protection by
discriminating duties.
I have a table which gives the quantities and
values of rice exported from 1850 to 1860,
inclusive:
Pounds. Value.
185 0  76,211,400 #2,631,657
185 1  03,354,000 2,170,927
185 2  71,839,800 2,471,029
185 3  40,624,200 1,637,658
1854   63,072,600 2,631,127
1855   39,421,600 1,717,953
1850   67,616,000 2,390,233
1857   68,322,800 2,290,400
185 8  58,122,200 1,870,578
185 9  75,070,400 2,207,148
186 0  81,632,600 2,567,399
Total 705,317,600 $24,619,009
I call attention to the total export for the
eleven years, which was 705,317,<500 pounds,
valued at no less a sum than $24,019,009.
The average annual export for this period
was 64,119,782 pounds, valued at $2,288,092;
and in the year 1800 the export was 81,032,600
pounds. And this, sir, was without any duty
which could be called protective. These figures
are conclusive as to the question whether in a
healthful condition of the rice fields the A meri-
can planter can compete successfully with rice
planters elsewhere. I repeat here what I have
before said, that the quality of our rice was the
best in the markets of the world. _
The total production of rice in the United
States was, in 1850, 215,313,497 pounds; in
1860, 187,107,032 pounds.
Tn 1861 the war broke out, and the coast of
the rice-producing States was the first theater
of that strife. Abandonment of many of the
fields became an immediate necessity of the
situation. The culture almost entirely ceased,
or was carried on in an irregular and imper-
fect manner during the entire period of the
rebellion.
To appreciate the injurious effect ot the
abandonment and partial neglect of the rice
lands for so long a time it is necessary to
know what a rice field is ; to understand of
how much care and thought and skill and
labor it is the result. A corn-field, a cotton-
field, a potato-patch, may lie_ neglected tor
years, and perhaps the returning farmer may
find its productive power improved by the
neglect. The labor of again preparing it for a
crop is comparatively small. Not so with rice
lands; they have been reclaimed from the
waters. They have been diked, ditched, and
furnished with trunks, so that they can be
inundated or drained at the will of the planter
as the necessities of the crop may demand.
At one period water mnst be put on, at another
