1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
42d Cong .'...2d Sess.
Legal and Political Disabilities—Mr. Chandler.
Senate.
is ended, and that they, the liberal Republicans,
are coming into power. Mr. President, let us
look for a moment and see what tbe old Repub-
lican party has done, is doing, and means to
accomplish, before we adopt the liberal Repub -
lican platform with Vice President Blair at
its head.
As soon as this great Republican party came
into power in the other House, though not in
this House, when it simply controlled one
single branch of this Government, and that
only by a very meager majority, the very first
act. the very first thing that it had to do was
to prevent all the vast Territories of the United
States being given over to the blighting curse
of human slavery. When the Democracy had
a majority in this body of more than two to
one, and we held the other House by a smaller
majority, on this floor only three Democrats
went with the twenty Republicans to prevent
this enormous wrong and outrage upon the
free people of the United States. Democracy
broke down the wall^ of separation between
freedom and slavery, and demanded that the
whole of the Territories of the United States
should be given over, bound hand ar.d foot,
to the blighting curse of slavery ; and the
first act, the first part of the mission of this
great Republican party, was to rescue those
vast Territories from thts curse of slavery. Mr.
President, we did it after a prolonged and
terrible struggle.
You all remember the Lecompton constitu-
tion, and the terrific conflict we bad over it;
but we accomplished that part of our mission,
and we saved from the blight of -slaveiy our
great Territories, large enough to create half a
dozen European empires.
The next part of the mission of this great
Republican party was to put down and over-
throw a Democratic rebellion against this Gov-
ernment, and that was thrust upon us, forced
upon us before we had been in power one month
and twenty days, by the firing upon FortSum-
ter. It bad been threatened for years; it was
threatened whilewewere saving the Territories
from the curse of slavery; it was threaiened
upon every measure that displeased the South,
either in this body or in the other; but there were
few who believed the South would ever attempt
so reckless and foolish a thing as the overthrow
of this Government. But they undertook it;
and here permit me to say that this was not
a southern rebellion alone. If the northern
Democrats had not offered aid and comfort and
assistance to their southern brother Democrats
not a gun would ever have been fired at our
flag. The whole Democratic party of this
nation is responsible for that rebellion, and
the world and all history will hold ihem to
that responsibility. I am not surprised at all
that the Democratic party desire to blot out
their record and the record of the past
But let us look a little further into this. The
honorable Senator from Delaware says that we
had specie payments when the Republican party
came into power. Yes, sir, so we had, and we
had until we had been fighting this Democratic
lebellion formorethan six months. What was
the condition of the country when Mr. Lincoln
was elected President of the United States?
The credit of the United States stood higher
than the credit of any other Government on the
face of the earth. Our bonds were higher in the
markets of the world six months before Mr.
Lincoln's inauguration than the bonds of any
other Government, and the Treasury was pleth-
oric. ' But after the firing upon Fort Sumter
our loyal Government was compelled to borrow
almost fabulous sums to put down this Demo-
cratic rebellion. They were obliged to borrow
these sums to chase the Democratic cruisers all
over the watersofthe earth, that were trying U)
destroy our commerce and that did destroy it.
Fabulous sums we were obliged to borrow to
carry on the war against the Democratic party.
We borrowed, and as long as the gold in this
nation was sufficient to enable us to pay our
armies to carry on the war so long we con-
tinued to pay specie on demand; but afier the
banks had loaned us $150,000,000 in gold, with
which we paid every dollar ot' expense during
the first s-ix months of the war, the gold in the
country was exhausted, and then we were diiven
to the absolute necessity of issuing paper
money or giving up the contest. Would my
honorab'e friend from Delaware have given up
the contest and allowed thisgi'eat nation to be
divided ; or would he have resorted to paper
money or to anything else to put down this
Democratic war ?
Mr. President, I will not go over the history
of the war, but I will say this : that through-
out the whole of it the sympathy of the Demo-
cratic organization, (I do not say of all Demo-
crats by any manner of means, because there
were remarkable examples of devotion to the
country on the part of Democrats, but the
sympathy of the Democratic organization, as
a politic.il organization, from the time the first
gun was fired until the surrender at Appo-
mattox,) was with the rebels, and that very
sympathy furnished them aid and comfort from
the beginning until the end of the war, aid
and comfort that they required, or they would
have thrown down their arms months and
perhaps years before they did. Hence, I say
that the Democratic party is responsible for
the continuance of the war. In their State
conventions and national conventions and all
their political organizations, wherever held, no
matter whether in Michigan, Ohio, Vermont,
or South Carolina, it made no difference,
there the Democratic party expressed sym-
pathy with the rebellion, and resolved only a
few months before the final surrender at Appo-
mattox that tbe war was a failure, and that
peace ought immediately to be restored. How
conld you restore peace with defiant rebels in
arms against your Government except by a
vile surrender and the loss of your Govern-
ment? Who ever believed that there was a
chance for peace upon any other terms than
an unconditional surrender to the demands ot
the South. And that is just what these Demo-
crats meant throughout.
We have listened here during the fifty days
we have been in session to a great many con-
stitutional arguments showing our constitu-
tional duties. Mr. President, [Mr. Anthony
in tbe chair,] those arguments must sound
very familiar to you arid me. They do to me.
You and I both sat here and bstenened to a
belter constitutional argument from Jetf. Davis
five minutes betore he left. this body than has
been delivered by these constitutional advo-
cates since the commencement of thissession.
Robert Toombs deliveredabetter constitutional
argument than has been delivered here this
session. Those arguments were in the same
vein and strain as we hear now. It sounds
very familiar to hear these old Democratic
speeches. 1 contend that we have not only
stood by the Constitution, but that we have
saved the Constitution, all there is left ot it.
You and your party would have overthrown
the Government, and in so doing you would
have overthrown the Constitution; and every
shred of it that is left you owe to us, and you
ought to get down on your knees and thank
us for saving what we did. I do not much
like to be lectured upon my constitutional
duties from that source. I recognize my con-
stitutional obligations, and 1 recognize yours.
But, Mr. President, our mission did not end
with the putting down of the rebellion, nor
did we cease our efforts for the public good
during the continuance of the rebellion. Ihe
mission of this great Republican party was a
wonderful mission. We not only had to save
the vast Territories of the nation from slavery,
aid to put down a Democratic rebellion, but
we had to pass certain great measures for t-he
benefit of this Union, and we have done it.
That beneficent measure known as the agri-
cultural college land act was the work of this
great Republican party, that has established
agricultural colleges in almost every State in
this Union, and which, I trust, will establish
such a college in every State. That was a
part of the mission of this great Republican
party, and it performed it, and performed it
well.
Another part of the mission of this great
Republican party was the homestead law, giv-
ing a farm to the man who cultivates the soil,
saying to every people and nation under
heaven, "Send your laboring men here and
we will allow them to take an interest in the
soil by simply paying the actual cost of sur-
vey." This was apart of the mission of the
Republican party, and we have performed it,
and performed it well.
Then, again, the great national banking
system, the best the world has ever seen, or
perhaps ever will see, a system that, in my
humble judgment, will be adopted by eveiy
commercial nation under heaven before ten
years shall have rolled around—the plan of
issuing a currency based upon the obligations
of the Government, that is good in eveiy nook
and corner of the land—was a part of the mis-
sion of this Republican party. Prior to that
every State issued its bank notes at its own
good will and pleasure, and bank bills that
were good in Michigan were not worth tbe
paper on which they were printed in Florida,
and those issued upon the Atlantic coast were
worth less than nothing at the Pacific. Sir,
we have established a currency so uniform that
from Alaska to Texas there is not one fourth
of one per cent, difference in its value; and
from Maine to Texas there is not thediffeience
of one eighth of one per cent.; a currency so
absolutely good that if a bank fails tbe value
of its notes rather appreciates than depreciates
in consequence of that failure. The desire
has been—it is not so now—so great to obtain
the privilege of starting banks that men have
actually paid a premium for broken bank notes
in order that they might establish banks in
their sections of the country. This great
beneficent banking system was one ot the
missions of this great Republican party, of
which I am proud, and of which I intend to
boast a little.
Anothermission of this party, andone which
I ought perhaps to have brought in at an
earlier portion of my remarks, was this: we
found four million slaves in this land ot'lib-
erty—a foul blot upon our escutcheon in the
eyes of all the world. I have had it thrown
in my face a thousand times by people of for-
eign Governments, "You profess to be the
freest Government on earth, and yet yon have
four million men m absolute and degrading
bondage. " It was a blot that no man on tins
floor could excuse or detend. We said that
we had no responsibility for it; that it was a
State institution; but we never could make a
foreigner understated that this great nation had
not power to Co away with so mighty a wrong.
It was a part of the mission ot the Republican
party to strike off the shackles from those four
million slaves, and make them men. It was a
slow process. I remember that the first time
we enacted that a colored individual might sit
in that gallery it created more tumult than
all that lias been made by the " liberal R epub-
licans" within thelascthree months. It faiily
raised a howl of rage all through the streets
of this capita', that we would permit a coloied
individual to come and take a seat in this
gallery! Well, sir, it was one step, and we
took it.
