1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
65
Mr. WILLARD. It ought to show that fact.
Now, to return to the proposition with which
I started. When the fourteenth amendment
first came before the House it provided in
substance that no person whose right to vote
was denied or abridged in any State by reason
of race orcolor should be included in the basis
of representation. It at once occurred to gen-
tlemen of the House that such a provision did
not reach the object which they sought to
accomplish, which was that the colored people
should not be disfranchised on account of color
or by any hocus-pocus of a tax or a property
qualification. It was at once said, "A prop-
erty qualification of $500 or $1,000 would as
effectually exclude every black man in the
United States as though he were excluded on
the ground of color." And so it would. To
avoid such a result the proposed amendment
was modified, and it was provided that if the
right to vote should be abridged for any cause,
except those now specified in that amendment,
the persons so excluded should not be counted
in the basis of representation.
Now, sir, I cannot see why every voter over
twenty-two years of age in the State of Penn-
sylvania, or the State of Georgia, should not be
counted out in the basis of representation.
Both those States require a property qualifica-
tion ; that is, both require that the voter, if
over twenty-two years of age, shall have paid
a tax; and my friend from (Georgia, [Mr.
Whitbley,] who sitsinfrontof me, saysthatin
his State forty or fifty thousand persons who
would otherwise be voters- are practically dis-
franchised by that requirement. It was to
meet that very possibility—a property quali-
fication—that the particular phraseology of the
fourteenth amendment was selected. And, sir,
when we are going forward to make an appor-
tionment for the first time since the adoption
of that amendment, let us abide by that amend-
ment. Let us take no backward steps. Let
us not fail to construe that amendment in
accordance with the purpose for which it was
framed.
As under the present circumstances we seem
to be making no satisfactory progress with the
bill, I move that the committee rise.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the motion
will not be adopted, but that we shall go on
with this bill.
Mr. WILLARD. I withd raw my motion.
Mr. COX. I renew the motion that the
committee use.
The motion was not agreed to; there being—
ayes 66, noes 73.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, the ques-
tion which has been raised by the honorable
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Willard] with
regard to the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment, as affecting the apportionment of
representation in thi3 House, is one not with-
out interest or importance. It is one that we
are likely to meet at various times, and per-
haps we may as well meet it at the threshold
and consider it now as at any other time. The
view which he has presented, while plausible
and not without argument to support it, seems
to me not the view that was entertained by the
country when that provision was incorporated
in the organic law of the United States. That
amendment provides for a case where the right
to vote is by any State "denied or abridged."
Those are the words as I recollect them. The
question then arises, what are we to understand
by an abridgment of the right to vote?
Almost every State, every one I presume,
requires various qualifications on the part of
voters. One is residence. It is required that
the citizen shall vote in the place of his resi-
dence, the placc where he has resided a longer
or a shorter time. Other qualifications the
gentleman himself has suggested, education
for example, and others which have been
indicated. These qualifications, it will be
observed, are possible qualifications. Every
citizen may possess them. There are other
qualifications that have been imposed, and
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 5.
some that are imposed which are impossible
in their character. For example, when we
prescribe as a qualification of the voter that
he shall be a male, such a requirement pre-
sents as to the female portion of the community
an impossible qualification.
Mr. WILLARD. If the State of Tennessee
required of voters a property qualification of
SI,000, would not the gentleman considersuch
a requirement as an abridgment of the right to
vote within the terms of the amendment?
Mr. MAYNARD. I will answer that ques-
tion presently.
I say that as to the women of the land the
insertion of the word "male" in prescribing
the qualifications of voters presents an impos-
sible qualification. It denies them the right
to vote beyond all power on their part to over-
come the obstacle. So also the provisions
which, prior to the adoption of the constitu-
tional amendment, required that the voter
should be a white man prescribed as to the
colored people of the country an impossible
qualification. Every colored man was abso-
lutely excluded. But it is not so where the
qualification in its nature is impossible to be
provided. The gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Willard] is putting extreme cases. Requir-
ing property to the amount of $1,000 as a
qualification for a voter is another thing.
Mr. WILLARD. What is the difference in
principle?
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman is too
good a logician, too profound a lawyer, not to
know that arguments drawn from extreme
cases do nothing. While a thousand dollar
property qualification would be, in my judg-
ment, unwise, oppressive, and unjust, and
while I do not say that would make any differ-
ence in the principle of the case, still it is a
condition which a great number of people in
the land, both white and colored, men and
women, would be unable to comply with.
Mr. WILLARD. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee was, I believe, a member of the House
when the fourteenth amendment was proposed,
and I now ask him if the phraseology of the
amendment was not changed after it was first
reported from the committee, because it was
understood that, as it then stood, it did not
prevent States from adopting a property or
educational test, which would as effectually
exclude the blacks as though they were partic-
ularly named ?
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman refers to
my being a member of Congress at the time
of the passage of the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution. He does not recollect
that I became a member only when the four-
teenth amendment had passed. The object
of the fourteenth amendment was to prevent
the disfranchisement of the colored population.
It gave the States which had that population
the same strength they would have in case
they allowed the colored people to vote. It
provided that if they allowed colored men to
vote they should be represented accordingly,
and if they did not allow the colored men "to
vote, then that their representation should be
abridged in proportion to their exclusion of
the colored vote. That was the object of that
amendment. There was some discussion in
this and in the other House as to the form of
the amendment, as to the words to be used in
framing the amendment, so as to carry out the
object sought to be accomplished. It finally
took the form in which it now stands, as under
all circumstances being the most likely to attain
the end. In my belief, and I submit with con-
fidence to the House that the proper and just
interpretation of the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution will be secured by making
the distinction I have already stated, and I do
not care to amplify or press it beyond the mere
statement of it, that is by observing the differ-
ence between possible and impossible condi-
tions prescribed as qualifications for voters.
Mr. WILLARD. The gentleman does not
answer my objection. Suppose, instead of
property qualifications applicable to all voters,
the constitution of a State disqualified all col-
ored people who were not possessed of $500
in property. Should those thus disfranchised
be counted in the basis of representation under
the fourteenth amendment, on the ground that
a disqualification for want of property is not an
abridgment of a person's right to vote for
other reasons than those mentioned in the
amendment?
Mr. MAYNARD. That would conflict with
the Constitution in other respects. If that
case arose, however, we should treat it pre-
cisely according to the distinction I have made,
whether, in fact, it was not an impossible con-
dition to be fulfilled.
Mr. NIBLACK. I cannot hear a word of
what is going on between the two gentlemen
on the other side of the House, and I hope
they will be compelled to address the Chair
and not each other.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's point
is well taken.
Mr. KELLEY. Pardon me a moment. I
wish to say to my friend from Vermont that
the only requirement under the constitution
of the State of Pennsylvania is that a citizen
over twenty-two years of age shall have paid
a tax within two years, so that any male citi-
zen over twenty-two years of age who has paid
a twenty-five cent poll-tax within two years is
entitled to vote. This, therefore, cannot in
any sense be taken as a property qualification
in order to be entitled the right to vote.
Mr. WILLARD. I wish to say, in reply to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that the
statement I made in reference to the provis-
ion in the constitution of his State was taken
from a pamphlet on this subject, laid upon our
desks during the last session of Congress. It
is there stated that there is a constitutional
provision in theStateof Pennsylvania which,
in my judgment, operates as a property quali-
fication, and is therefore an abridgment of the
right of suffrage in that State. I found the pro-
vision referred to, and I understood from a
prominent Pennsylvanian, a friend of mine,
that the statement was correct in this, that the
constitution of Pennsylvania provided that all
citizens over twenty-two years of age who did
not pay taxes should not be entitled to vote.
Mr. KELLEY. All that is required i3 the
payment of a poll-tax of twenty-five cents
every other year.
Mr. WILLARD. Then, there is a disquali-
fication to that extent?
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the chairman of
the Committee of the Whole will not regard it
as a want of respect on my part if I allow my
friends and neighbors all around me to assist
me in the line of my thoughts, and in present-
ing views which I, perhaps, entertain myself,
and presenting them more forcibly and ele-
gantly than I can do. I say, in response to
the question of the gentleman from Vermont,
that there are various ways in which the right
to vote at any election maybe abridged. Take
the case of the election of electors for Presi-
dent. There are a great many ways that can
be imagined by an ingenious man in which the
right of an obnoxious voter might be restricted,
and which would come undoubtedly within The
purview of the fourteenth amendment.
There is another aspect of this question
which I would present to the consideration of
gentlemen. In the case, for example, of the
payment of taxes, how are we to know who
has paid his taxes, and who has not? That is
a matter, to use a legal phrase, of in pais. It
is not a matter of record. And the man who
has not paid his taxes to-day may pay them
to-morrow, so as to be qualified as a voter.
An estimate, therefore, on any sneli basis as
that, would be simply impossible: and it is
manifest that the framers of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution contemplated
nothing of the sort.
The object of the fourteenth amendment was
simply this : to provide either that the colored
