3650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
paired with Mr. Ritchie, of Maryland, who if
present would vote '"ay," and I wouid vole
'• 110."
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham.
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed, without amendments, bills
of' the House of the following titles:
A bill (LI. Lt. No. 1210) granting a pension
to Nathan Morgan;
A bill (LI. R. No. 2402) granting a pension
to Martha A. Brooks;
A bill (II. li. No. 2404) granting a pension
to Khz-ibetli 0. Neiie ; ^uid
A bill (LI. R. No. 240G) granting a pension
to Margaret Li.iley.
The message further announced that the
Senate hud insisted upon its amendments to
House bill No. 1552, in relation to the con-
struction of a new jail for the District of Co-
lumbia, had agreeU to the conference asked
by the House upon the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed,
as the conferees on the part of the Senate, Mr.
Sumner. Mr. Sawxrr, and Mr. Vickers.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, with amendments, iu which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
a bill of the House of ilie following title:
A bill (H. R. No. 1541) making appropria-
tions for the support, of the Army lor the year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes.
OIlDKIt OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expiied. The question recurs upon ihe motion
of i he gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holmax,]
that, the House now adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw that motion.
DKliATIC ON TARIFF AND TAX BILL.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the resolution which
I Bend to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
llmohed, Thai, tho rules be so far suspended that
■when tue House shall again ko into Committee of
the Whole on the state ot tlie Union upon tile sub-
stitute tor tlio House bill No. 2324 one lipur of five
miuuiea'(soner.il debate on tho sections ot s,iid bill
pertaining to internal reveuueshall bu in order.
Mr. 1)AWES. 1 will state that 1 offer this
resolution under instructions from the Com-
mitiee of Ways and Means. I do not desire
to occupy any portion of this hour myself. 6o
far us 1 am concerned, I am willing to submit
to the judgment of the Llouse.
Mr. RANDALL. Does this resolution im-
pair the right ot amendment?
Mr. DAWES. It does not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
effect of tlie resolution. If adopted, it will
give one hour of general debate uuder the five-
minutes rule; that is, a gentleman who takes
the floor for live minutes will not be obliged to
move an amendment to make his remarks in
order. The power to amend is lei t utirestiioied.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means propose to recom-
mend any substantial chauge iu the text of
the bill 'I
Mr. DAWES. The committee are substan-
tially agreed upon tlie text of the bill ; there
are some slight amendments that some of the
members desire t.0 offer.
Mr. GA11F1ELD, of Ohio. If the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means aie substantially agreed
upon the text of the bill, 1 hope the house
wi.l not, for the mere purpose of debate, again
open the doors to the storm and tempest of
discussion.
^Mr. DiCKEY. I hope the Committee of
Ways and Means will agree to allow other
members to talk about what membtrs of the
committee may so well understand.
Mr. BECK. In answer to the question of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr Garfield,] I
desire to say that the Commissioner ot Internal
Revenue Uiii before us several very impoitarit
amendments that the House can haidty under-
stand without some discussion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I understood
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr Dawes] to say that there was no
important amendment or variation of the text
of the bill in contemplation by the committee.
If that is so, it seems to me that it would be
idle to again open debate.
Mr. FARNSWORIH. As only one hour
is proposed for debate, it seems to me that will
not open a very wide door for discussion. One
hour's discussion under the five-minutes rule
would be of very grtat. assistance to members
in understanding the bill, and 1 think we had
better have it.
Mr. GAKFIELD, of Ohio. Our only nope
of passing a tanlf bill ts in getting some meas-
ure on the subject sent to the Senate; and for
one I would prefer tliat the rules should be
suspended, and the bill as it stands passed.
That could he done by one vote ; and the Sen-
ate, having that, bill before them, could send
back whatever they may wish. Thus we would
get nearer to an agreementtipon the tariff than
in any other way. I wouitl like to take the
sense of the House on the question of suspend-
ing the rules and passing the tariff bill as it
now stands.
Mr. RANDALL. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I object to it.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Dawes, to suspend the rules and order that
one hour's debate uuder the five-minutes rule
be allowed upon the tariff and tax bill in Com-
mittee of the Whole, there were—ayes 107,
noes 36.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
motion was agreed to.
OliDEIt OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I am beset on all sides
by gentlemen to give way to them for a few
moments for matters that will not cause de-
bate. 1 do not know what I can do, except to
move immediately to go into Committee of the
Whole.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. DICKEY. I ask unanimous consent,
that the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. lt. No 1541) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June
30, 1873, and for other purposes, be taken
from the Speaker's table, referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
There being no objection, it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. DAWES. I have decided to yield for
a few moments to propositions which may be
agreed to by unanimous consent aud will cause
no debate.
I he SPEAKER. The Chair will first recog-
nize gentlemen who wish to introduce bills and
were not in their seats when their States Were
called. Gentlemen will please not seek the
floor at present for any other purpose.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONOltKSS.
_ Mr. SNAPP. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, and offer the following resolution :
Renohetl, Thatthe Committee of Ways and Means
are hereby instructed to forthwith report to this
Uouso the Senate resolution fixing the time of ad-
journment ot this Congress on tiio29tii day of May,
18 * 2.
ihe SPEAKER. This resolution is not
privileged. Gentlemen who have bills to intro-
duce will present them.
Mr. SNAPP. I ask that this resolution may
be put upon its passage, and. i move to suspend
the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair didnot recog-
nize the gentleman for that purpose. The gen-
tleman has no right to claim the floor on a
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. SNAPP. I ask to have that resolution
put upon its passage.
Ihe SPliAKEli. The chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means is entitled 
Mr. SNAPP. Will not the Chair recognize
me for a moment? 1 ask that this lesolution
be put upon its passage, and for that purpose I
move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAtiER. But the gentleman will
observe that he only obtained the floor by-
claiming it upon a privileged question, whica
the Chair was bound to recognize.
Mr. SNAPP. But I offer the resolution
now under another rule.
The SPEAKELI. But the gentleman has
not the lloor.
Mr. SNAPP. I am standing here, sir.
[Laughter ]
The SPEAKER. Fifty other gentlemen
are iu precisely the same attitude. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SNAPP. Will not the Speaker recog-
nize me?
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
recognize the gentleman. The chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means is entitled
to recognition oti the public business.
Mr. SNAPP. Will not the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means give way
to me?
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield except for
requests for unanimous consent.
Sir. SNAPP. You never yielded to me in
your life. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Snapp] will please suspend. lie is
not entitled to the floor. Those gentlemen
who were not in their seats during the call of
States, and who have bills and resolutions to
introduce, will first be recognized.
Mr. SNAPP. I have not, asked the Speaker
for any privilege during this session.
The SPEAKER, lt is a very large priv-
ilege for the gentleman to claim the light to
adjourn Congress in this way. [Laughter.]
REAL KSTATE SOLD FOR TAXKS.
Mr. CHIPMAN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. 11; No. 2832) to secure
title to real estate sold for taxes by the cor-
porate authorities of the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second tiiin>, referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia,
and ordered to he printed.
TIIREK MONTUb' VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a hill (H.
R. No. 2834) to pay the three months' volun-
teers $100 bounty; which was re-id a first and
second lime, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
WASHINGTON GAS-LIGHT COMPANY.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2833) 10 increase the capital stock arid
extend the works of the Washington Gas Light.
Company: which was read a first and second
time, relerred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia, and ordertd to be piiuted.
JAMES D WILLOUGIIBY.
Mr. WALDEN introduced a bill (II. R. No. '
2835) for the relief of James D. Willoughby,
of Vineland, New Jersey ; which was iead a
utstaud second time, referred to the Committee
on Patents, and ordered to be printed.
DESTROYED DONDS.
On motion of Mr. MAYNARD, by unani-
mous consent, the amendments of the hena e to
a bill (LI. R. No. 2525) for the issue of bonds
in lieu of destroyed or defaced bonds of the
United States, were taken from the Speaker's
table, releired to the Coniinitiee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
GEOttGK F. TOWNS, OF SOU Til CAROLINA.
Mr. WALLACE introduced a bill (II. It.
No. 2830) to remove political disab.i.tiestrorn
George Jj. iowns, of Greenville, South Caro-
lina; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Commitiee ou the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
