14
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 31,
Senate.
Legal and Political Disabilities—Mr. Chandler.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The next step was more terrific in its results.
We finally decided to take colored troops into
our Army, and then the whole Democratic camp
was in as terrific a state of confusion as a bum-
ble-bee's nest would be with a hot iron in it.
[Laughter.] Never did I see such an absolute
horror created as was created by that resolution
to take colored troops into the pay of the Gov-
ernment. I went home and was obliged to meet
this on the stump; it was thrown in my face
everywhere, and I told my Democratic friends
at home that in my humble judgment a black
man was good enough to shoot a rebel, but
that if there was any Democrat there who was
so anxious to get into the Army, and had been
crowded out by a black man, 1 would agree to
take the black man out and let the Democrat
in. Well, sir, I never had to take a single
black man out. [Laughter.] Democrats were
not anxious to get in, but they were exceed-
ingly anxious to put all the white Republicans
in, keeping the black men out. We took black
men into the Army, and after they had fought
gallantly against the Democratic rebellion,
we were obliged to strike off their shackles,
and we did it. For that act the responsibility
is on the Republican party, and it is a thing
that will go down in history, its chiefest crown
of glory through all time.
Mr. President, the Democrats have no re-
sponsibility for that act; not one of them voted
for it; not one of them favored it; and now
they want these black men to vote with them;
and what is the process they pursue to make
Democrats of them? They whip them until
they promise to vote the Democratic ticket,
and then if they do not vote it they kill them.
That ia the Democratic argument!
I am ready at all times to discuss'this par-
allel with the Democratic party here or else-
where—always glad to have it brought up. It
always furnishes me pleasure to enter into this
discussion; but I have not quite got through
with the mission of the great Republican party.
The next part of the mission of this Repub-
lican party was to prevent the repudiation of
the public debt after our armies bad conquered
the rebellion. InoneState, Democrats recom-
mended paying it in greenbacks; in another
State they recommended paying the interest
for a little while; and in another State they
advocated absolute repudiation ; but nowhere,
in no State, did the Democratic party as an
organization stand up for an honest, faithful,
honorable payment of that debt. They were
for repudiation in some shape or other; and
we, the Republican party, had it as a part of
our mission to save the national honor from
being disgraced by this Democratic party, and
we have done it.
Mr. President, we did more; but I will come
to that in a few moments. We notonly saved
the national credit from dishonor, but we raised
it from the very dust of humiliation, until it
stands to-day on a proud eminence before the
world. That is our work. Nothanks to you,
gentlemen. You did your best to discredit the
nation, but you failed ; and now you arraign
us, do you? Me plead not guilty to your
arraignment, join issue, and bring you to trial.
The next slep in the mission of this great
Republican party was reconstruction. 1 will
not weary the Senate with all the points in the
mission of this party. I am only bringing out
a few salient points to which I mean to call
the attention of the Senate, and I want to
keep them in perpetual remembrance. The
next part of the mission of the Republican
party was the reconstruction of these rebel
States. I confess that I was not in as great a
hairy as some were for that reconstruction. I
could hare waited a little longer for that act
to be consummated, but after all I went with
the Republican party m pressing it because I
would not stand out from my associates. I
repeat, however, I could have waited a little
longer any day that we passed any reconstruc-
tion law.
But, sir, you will remember very well that
Mr. Johnson conceived a plan of his own for
reconstructing these rebel States, and he un-
dertook to force his plan of reconstruction
over Congress. He adopted a system of pro-
visional governments. Mr. Johnson knew as
well as you or I did that he had no right to
appoint a provisional governor. Mr. Johuson
knew perfectly well that when hewas appointed
Governor of Tennessee the very first act of
President Lincoln wastosendhis name before
the Senate as a btigadier general in the Amer-
ican Army, and Brigadier General Andrew
Johnson went to Tennessee as military gov-
ernor, and not as provisional governor. Presi-
dent Lincoln had a perfect right to appoint
any man a brigadier general in the American
Army and then make him a military governor,
but neither President Lincoln, nor Andrew
Johnson, nor anybody else, except Congress
and the President, had any right to appoint a
provisional governor.
Well, sir, he proclaimed amnesty to rebels
and undertook to carry out bis plan of recon-
struction, bringing them in as rebels. But the
mission of the Republican party was to pre-
vent this consummation. The liberal Repub-
licans joined with the Democrats to a man
and voted against every measure that we
adopted here to prevent this foul wrong at-
tempted to be perpetrated by Andrew John-
son; but the great Republican party was
strong enough then to overcome the Demo-
cratic party and the liberal Republicans, too,
and it is strong enough now.
The liberal Republicans and the Democrats
have always acted together. You remember
very well, sir, that in 1862 they undertook all
over these United States to get up a Union
Republican party; that was, a Republican
party that would be satisfactory to the Democ-
racy. They tried it in Michigan, and reduced
our majority from twenty-two thousand down
to seven thousand. They tried it in New York,
and ejected Horatio Seymour, I think. They
tried it in every State ; and had they succeeded
in the three great States of Ohio, Pennsyl-
vania, and New York, it is my solemn belief
that this Government would have been over-
thrown ; but the Lord was on our side, and
they were not permitted to succeed. They
elected Seymour in New York, but they failed
in Ohio and Pennsylvania.
Now, Mr. President, the Republican party
earned out faithfully and efficiently and suc-
cessfully this part of its mission, and to-day
we have every State in this Union represented
upon this floor. I am sorry there is not more
love for the Union in these southern States,
but they are all restored, and if they see fit to
behave themselves they will all be treated as
brethren m this great brotherhood of States.
But until they do, until they lay down their
Ku Klux arms as they laid down their muskets
and their gray uniforms, I for my own part am
disposed to say, "Stay out; you shall not. hold
office ; you can vote, but we will not permit you
to hold seats upon this floor, where you will
misrepresent the views of the loyal men of
your States."
Now, Mr. President, as we are going through
a comparison of the two great political parties,
and as we have been dared to that comparison,
I desire to give a few facts and figures in con-
nection with these two great parties. There
seems to be an impression on the part of Dem-
ocrats and liberal Republicans that the masses
of the people of these United States have
become so disgusted with the old Republican
paity, with the present Republican party, that
they are going to rush right into the arms of
the Democracy, and it is proper to show them
what that embrace will be when they reach
there. Let us look a little further into the
financial condition of the country in 1869 and
to-day.
The amount of debt, including accrued in-
terest and less cash in the Treasury, on the
1st day of March, 1869, three days before
the inauguration of President Grant, was
$2,525,463,260 01. On the 1st of April, 1871,
it was §2,309,697,596 27. The reduction of
the debt during the two years and one month
from March 1, 1869, to April 1, 1871, was
$215,763,663 74, a reduction equivalent to
$8,630,626 55 per month, or $103,567,518 60
per annum.
Now, my desire is to give you a very brief
sketch of the financiering of this Republican
party, and then I desire to give you a very
brief sketch of Democratic financiering, with
which the whole people are supposed to have
fallen in love.
I have given the amount of reduction of the
public debt during the two years and one
month from March, I860, to April 1,1871. The
figures I am using are official, from the books
of the Treasury; but I have not the official
figures since that date. The amount of the
debt now is somewhere about $2,285,000,000.
But, sir, this Administration has reduced
the principal of the debt from March 1, 1869,
to April 1, 1871, $214,294,406 25. The reduc-
tion of principal and accrued interest amounts
to $206,981,406 72. The reduction of princi-
pal and accrued interest less cash in the Tt eas-
ury amounts to $215,763,663 74. The monthly
charge forinterest on the public debt on the 1st
ol March, 1869. was $10,532,462 50; on the 1st
of April, 1871, it was $9,527,212 67. The
reduction in the monthly charge of interest in
these twenty-five months is $1,005,249 83;
and the reduction per annum is consequently
$12,062,997.
This reduction of the public debt and conse-
quent saving of annual interest was, by careful
and economic administration, effected under
revenues which had been very largely reduced,
as I shall proceed to show. Mark you, sir,
we have not only reduced the debt this enorm-
ous amount in this brief period of time, but
we have at the same time reduced the taxes.
We, the great Republican party, have done
this, and I propose to boast a little over what
we have done. I am not going to appear before
either the bar of public opinion or any other
bar as a criminal. I arraign the criminals
before that bar, and I am the prosecutor, and
not the defendant.
By the act of July 13, 1866, we reduced our
taxation $65,000,000; by the act of March
2,1867, we reduced our taxation $40,000,000 ;
by the act of February 3, 1868, we reduced
taxation $23,000,000; by the acts of March
31 and July 20, 1868, we reduced taxation
$45,000,000 ; and there was a further reduc-
tion by the act of July 14, 1870, of internal
taxes to the amount annually of $55,212,000,
and of customs duties $23,636,827 33; mak-
ing in all since July, 1866, that this great
Republican party has taken from the annual
taxation of this land, $251,848,827 33. In
addition to paying this enormous amount on
our national debt, we have gone on reducing
taxation year afteryear until we have removed
more than two hundred and fifty million dol-
lars annually from our national burdens of
taxation. In addition to that you will remem-
ber that we have reduced our annual tax for
interest by actual payment over a million
dollars a month, or over twelve million dollars
a year; and yet we are to be arraigned by this
Democratic party for extravagance.
Now I want the Democrats to look at their
record. I have shown ours. There has been
only one place where they could make a record
that 1 know of, and that was in the city ofNew
