1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sasf ■
LEONARD N. IIOnNBURG.
Mr. LOWE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2837) for the relief of Leonard N-. Hohnburg,
late first lieutenant in the first Illinois cav-
alry; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
kailroad bridge over detroit river.
Mr. STOUGHTON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2838) to authorize the construction of a
railroad bridge across the west channel of the
Detroit river at Grosse Isle; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
JOHN C. LEMON.
Mr. DUELL introduced a joint resolution
(H. K. No. 150) referring to the Court ofClaims
the claim of John C. Lemon, late colonel tenth
regiment New York cavalry ; which was read
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee oq the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
NATIONAL UNIVERSITY.
Mr. PERCE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2839) to establish a national university; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Commitee on Education and Labor, and
ordered to be printed.
sisrgkant-at-akms accounts.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee on Appropria-
tions, reported back a letter from the Clerk of
the House, inclosing certain accounts of the
Sergeant at-Arms for payment of witnesses'
fees and service of stibpenas, and moved that
it be referred to the Committee on Accounts.
The motiou was agreed to.
civil rights bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. 11. No. 2840) to establish equality of
rights in citizens of the United States ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
perry broyles.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 2841) for the relief of Perry
Broyles; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
george w. taylor.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, also introduced
abill (H. R. No. 2842) for the relief of George
W. Taylor, late postmaster of Winchester,
Virginia; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
w. t. simms.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, also introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 2843) for the relief of W.
T. Simins; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be piinted.
jambs b. tread well.
Mr. B. P. MEYERS, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. ii. No. 2844) for the
relief of James B. Tread well; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
sea-board and roanoke railroad.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2845) for the relief
of the Sea-board and Roanoke Railroad Com-
pany ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
jurisdiction 01' court of claims.
Mr. KERR also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 2846) to declare
the sense of an act entitled "An act to restrict
tlie jurisdiction of the-Court of Claims, and to
provide for the payment of certain demands
for quartermasters' stores and subsistence sup-
plies furnished to the Army of the United
States, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
orange, alexandria, etc., railroad.
Mr. BRAXTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H, R. No. 2847) to author-
ize the Orange, Alexandria, and Manassas
Railroad Company to run trains and transport
freights and passengers within the District of
Columbia; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
national bank of annapolis.
Mr. SVVANN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2848) authorizing
the First National Bank of Annapolis to
change its location and name; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Commiitee on Banking and Currency, and
ordered to be printed.
order of bustness.
Mr. GETZ. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, with a view to its
being put upon its passage, the bill (H. R.
No. 1947) authorizing the construction of a
public building at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
for the use of the post office and United
States courts in said city.
The bill was read.
Mr. DAWES. I decline to yield for that
bill unless it can be passed by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. GETZ. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill, and that the
bill be passed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has not yielded
the floor for a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. How can we get the floor
for a motion to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER.. Gentlemen can get the
floor for that purpose if the House does not
agree to suspend the rules to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the tariff bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to offer the resolution
which I send to the desk.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I demand the
regular order.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] yields for that
purpose, the regular order will be the motion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Getz] to suspend the rules.
Mr. DAWES. I do not yield for that unless
the gentleman's bill can be disposed of with-
out calling the yeas and nays.
Mr. GETZ. I am willing that we should
try it without calling the yeas and nays.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand that the
gentleman'from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
shall go on with his motion for going into
Committee of the Whole, or that he yield the
floor.
Mr. L. MYERS. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has agreed that
if the yeas and nays are not called he will
yield for the bill in the handsof my colleague,
[Mr. Getz.]
The SPEAKER. If it is understood that
the yeas and nays will not be called, the Chair
will submit the question on suspending the
rules and passing the bitl of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Getz.]
Mr. FARNSWORl'H. If that question is
submitted I shall insist also on my right to
move to suspend the rules.
Mr. DAWES. Then I insist on my motion.
Mr. HOLM AN. I rise to m^Jre a parlia-
mentary inquiry, and it is this: if-the motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetfcs Jbe^voted
down, will it be in order to move to discharge
the Committee of Ways and Means from the
further consideration of the resolution in re-
lation to the adjournment of Congress, and
bring ir. before the House for action ?
The SPEAKER.. Any motion to suspend
the rules will be in order if the motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts be voted down.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I hope it will be
voted down.
Mr. DAWES. I hope we shall go into the
Committee of the Whole and dispose of the
tariff and tax bill.
The question was put on Mr. Dawes's motion;
and there were—ayes 01, noes 78.
Mr. DAWES called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 73, nays 122, not voting
44 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Banks. Barber,
Barry, Beatty, Beck, Bigby, Bingham, Brooks, Buck-
ley, Butlinton, Burchard, Burdett, Conger, Cotton,
Darrall, Dawes.Duell, Eames, Farnsworth, Fat-well,
Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Frye, Garfield, Hale,
Ha.wley, Hay, Gerry W. Ilazelton. Hoar, Holman,
Kellogg, Killinger, Lowe, Lynch, McGrew, MeKee,
Merriam. Moore, Morey, Morpliis, Palmer, Isaa.cC.
Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Aaron F, Perry, Peters,
Poland, Prindle, Ellis II. Roberts, Sargent. Sawyer,
Scofleld, Seeley, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sprague,
Starkweather, Stevenson, Tafl'e, Washington Town-
send, Twicbelf, Tyner. Upson, W:ikem.m, Wnlden,
Waldron, Wallace, Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard,
and Williams of NewYork—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker. Arthur, Barnum. Bell,
Biggs, Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright,
Rodrick R. Butler, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll,
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn. Coghlan, Comingo. Conner,
Cox, Crobs, Criteller, Crosslanu, Davis, Dickey. Don-
nan, Dox, Duke, Dunnell. Elliott, Ely, Forker,
Henry 1). Fester. Garrett. Getz, Giddings, Golla-
day, Griffith, Ilaldeman, Halsey, Hancock, Hund-
ley, Ilanlcs, llarmer, Harper, George E. Harris, Jwhn
T. Harris, Havens. John W. Hazclton, Hereford,
Herndon, Hinbard, Hill. Houghton, Kelley. Kendall,
King, Lamison, Lamport, Leach, Lewis, Manson,
Marshall. McClelland, MeCoruiick, MeCr.iry, Mc-
llenry, Mclntvre, MeJunkin, Mercur, Merrick,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Morg.tn, Leonaid
Myers, Niblack, Packard. P.teker, Hosea. W. Parker,
Eli Perry, Potter, Price, Raine\, Randall. Read,
Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, William R. Roberts,
Rogers, Sessions, Sheldon, Sherwood, Siioeimiker,
Slater, Slocum, Sloss, 11. Boardman Smith. John A.
Smith, Snapp, R. Miiton Speer, Tnomas J. Speer,
Stevens, Storm, Scoughton. Strong, Sutherland,
Swann, Terry, Turner, Tutliiil. Van Trump,
Vaughan, Walls, AVarren, Wells, Whitthorne, Wil-
liams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson. John T.
Wilson, Winchester. Young, and Wood—122.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer.
Beveridge, Austin Blair, Boles, Benjamin F. But-
ler, Creely, Crocker, De Large, Du Bose, Eidredge,
Wilder D. Foster Goodrich, Hambleton, Hays,
Hooper, Kerr, Ketchnm, Kinselta, Lansing, M.iy-
nard, McKinney, MeNeely, Monroe, Negley, Orr,
Perce, Piatt, Porter, Ritchie, Robinson, Itoosevcit,
Rusk, Shober. Worthington C. Smiih, Snyder,
Stowell, St. John, Syplier, Thomas, Dwight, Town-
send, Voorhees, and Waddeii—44.
So Mr. Dawes's motion was disagreed to.
ADJOURNMENT Of CONGRESS.
Mr. SNAPP. I move that the rules be sus-
pended and the following resolution adopted:
Resolved, Thatthe Committee of Ways and Means
are hereby instructed to forthwith report to this
House the Senate resolution fixing the time of
adjournment of this Congress on the 29th day of
May, 1872.
Tellers were ordered j and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Snait were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 111, noes 64.
Mr. RANDALL called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 129, nays 82. not voting 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer.
Arthur, Barnum. Beck. Bell, Biggs, Bird, Austin
Blair, James G.Blair, Braxton, Bright, Buicliard,
Caldwell. Carroll. Clarke, Cogblan, Conner, Cox,
Crebs, Criteher. Crossland. Davis. Dickey, Donnan,
Dox, Duell, Duke, Eidredge, Ely. Farnsworth,
Forker, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D. Fostor, Garfield,
Garrett, Getz. Giddings, Gollaclay. Griffith, Halde-
man. Hale, Halsey, Hancock, Handley. Hanks,
Harmer, Harper, John T. Harris,Havens, Hereford,
Herndon, Hibbard, Hoiman, Houghton, Kendall^
Kerr, Killinger, King, Lamison, Lamport. Lansing.
