1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
without injury to other rights and interestsand if,
in their opinion, congressional legislation is best,
that they report a bill for that purpose.
Mr. KELLEY. I object to that resolution.
Mr. PERCE. Let it be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
Mr. COX. The committee have a bill be-
fore them, and there is no propriety in refer-
ring this resolution to them. It is a direction
that they exercise their duty in a peculiar
mode, either by reporting a bill or by sug-
gesting a treaty.
Mr. KELLEY. I object to the resolution.
Mr. COX. Then I move to suspend the
rules, so as to enable me to introduce it.
Mr. DAWES. Pending that motion I move
that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at three
o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AMBLER: A memorial of the print-
ers and stationers of Salem, Ohio, praying to
be relieved from the injurious competition of
the Government in the manufacture and sale
of envelopes at less than cost and the printing
of business cards thereon gratuitously.
By Mr. AMES: The petition of H. W. Rob-
inson and others, citizens of North Bridge-
water, Massachusetts, for the repeal of the
tax on savings institutions.
By Mr. BEATTY: The petition of Jay
Kling, asking that he be allowed pay as surgeon
of United States volunteers for the time he
was held as a prisoner of war.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: A peti-
tion of the officers of the Dedhani institution
for savings, Dedham, Massachusetts, for a
repeal of the tax on savings banks.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Jess#1 Eddy and 20 others, citizens of Fall
River, Massachusetts, praying for the prompt
repeal of the tax on savings banks.
Also, the memorial of Daniel J. Robbins
and 24 others, citizens of Plymouth, Massa-
chusetts, praying for the immediate repeal of
the tax on savings banks.
By Mr. COBB: A petition of citizens of
Warren and Nash counties, North Carolina,
asking for the establishment of a post route
fromRidgeway to Hilliard's store. North Car-
olina.
By Mr. CROSSLAND: The petition of J.
S. Wylieand others, citizens of Kentucky, pray-
ing the enactment of a law prohibiting the
deduction of any part of the pay of mail eon-
tractors for the failure to deliver mails when
failure is caused by high water.
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of John
Blakinsop and others, of Brooke county,
West Virginia, late soldiers in the Army of
the United States, requesting the passage of a
law amending the twenty-fifth section of the
act of Congress approved July 15, 1870, enti-
tled "An act making appropriations for the
support of the Army, and for other purposes,"
so as to allow soldiers mentioned in said sec-
tion to enter the amount of land therein al-
lowed, or such other amount as maybe thought
proper, without the requirements of settlement
and cultivation, and to give a patent therefor
unconditionally.
Also, the petition of Jesse Jaco and others,
of Preston county , West Virginia, late soldiers
in the Army of the United States, requesting
the passage of a law amending the twenty-fifth
section ot the act of Congress approved July
15, 1870, entitled "An act making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30,1871, and for other purposes,"
so as to allow soldiers mentioned in said section
to enter the amount of land allowed therein, or
such other amount as may be thought proper,
Without the requirements of settlement and
cultivation, and to give a patent therefor un-
conditionally.
By Mr. DUKE : The petition of Thomas
Lewis, who accompanied Meriwether Lewis
in his expedition across the Rocky mountains,
praying that a pension may be allowed him.
By Mr. FRYE: The petition of B. A. Bailey,
for relief for seizure and detention by Govern-
ment of his ship Argo.
Also, the petition of Mary A. Ducan, for
removal of limitation of five years in pension
laws.
Also, the petition of Michael F. Garnett, for
relief for hospital duties wrongfully exacted.
By Mr. IIOAll: The petition of O. Under-
wood and others, of Milford, Massachusetts,
for repeal of tax on savings banks.
Also, the memorial of (J. H. Whitcomb and
others, in regard to the sale of stamped envel-
opes by the Government.
By Mr. KELLEY: The memoiial of John
Garsed, in regard to a claim.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of White
k Wells and others, of Waterbury, Connecti-
cut, against the present system of selling
printed stamped envelopes.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of Elias C.
Boudinot, a Cherokee Indian, praying for re-
lief against certain proceedings 0f the Govern-
ment against him under the internal revenue
laws for carrying on certain business in the
Indian territory.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of J. B.
Brown and others, citizens of Portland, Maine,
asking the repeal of the tax imposed upon sav-
ings institutions.
By Mr. MANSON : The memorial of Ros-
ser, Spring & Co., S. Vater, Wilson & Ellis,
William S. Lingle, and 6 others, editors and
printers, of Indiana, praying Congress, for
reasons therein set forth, to prohibit the Post
Office Department from manufacturing and
selling envelopes at or below their cost to the
Government in the city of New York, and
delivering the same through the mails to all
parts of the country free of charge, at a loss to
the Department of the cost of transportation,
handling, &c., and to prohibit also the print-
ing on the same of any cards or advertisements
for merchants and others, because such action
by that Department is injurious to the public
service, and unjust and injurious to citizens
engaged in such business.
By Mr. McCRARY : The petition of Mary
Haag, widow of Francis Haag, deceased, late
private in company K, thirteenth regiment Iowa
volunteers.
By Mr. MERRIAM: The petition of S. L.
Hammond and 76 others, citizens of Jefferson
county, New Yox-k, asking that a suitable cus-
tom-house building be erected at Cape Vin-
cent, New York.
By Mr. NEGLEY: The petition of George
Graham, company 1, one hundred and fifth
Pennsylvania cavalry, for a pension.
By Mr. PERRY, of Ohio: The petition of
Captain John T. Watson, praying compensa-
tion for damage and losses sustained in res-
cuing and saving the lives of officers and sol-
diers from the burning steamer Sultana, above
Memphis.
By Mr. PLATT: The petition of S. W.
Vcnuble and others, for the abolition of the
present duty on mass licorice.
By Mr. RICE, of Kentucky: The petition
of Eugene Campbell and others, of Cincinnati,
asking relief from the present law regulating
steamboats, and for the improvement of water
routes.
_ By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of pub-
lishers and booksellers ofOshkosh, Wisconsin,
asking that the printing of business cards on
stamped envelopes and the sale of the same
by the Government at less than cost price may
be abolished.
By Mr. SCOFIELD: A copy of the present-
ment of the United States grand jury for the
western districtof Pennsylvania, recommend-
ing the erection of a Government building at
Erie, Pennsylvania, to furnish the necessary-
customs, postal, and court conveniences re-
quired at that place.
By Mr. SHERWOOD: The petition of J.
C. C. Whalley and others, of Lock Haven,
Pennsylvania, protesting against the manufac-
ture and sale of envelopes by the Post Office
Department.
By Mr. SPRAGUE: The petition of Ann
Jeffries, mother of Henry L. Jeffries, deceased,
late of company C, twenty-fifth Ohio regiment
volunteer infantry, for arrearages of pension.
By Mr. WAKEMAN: A petition of sun-
dry citizens of Batavia, New York, for increase
of pension to James H. Hogan.
Also, the petition of Timothy Paige, of
Lockport, New York, for a pension.
By Mr. WHITTBORNE: A petition to
establish a mail route between Dover and
Erin, Tennessee.
Also, a petition to establish a mail route
between Dover, Tennessee, and Murray, Ken-
tucky.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 12, 1871.
Prayer by Rev. JoHif B. Van Meter, of
Washington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings
was read and approved.
Hon. Thomas F. Bayard, from the State of
Delaware, and Hon. William M. Stewart,
from the State of Nevada, appeared in their
seats to day.
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheusox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. II. No.
012) to provide for a deficiency in the appro-
priations for the expenses of taking the ninth
census of the United States; in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following resolution; in which
concurrence was requested:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when the
two Houses adjourn on Thursday, the 21st instant,
they adjourn to meet again on Monday, tho 8th day
of January next, at twelve o'clock noon.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 612) to provide for a
deficiency in the appropriations for the ex-
penses of taking the ninth census of the
United States was read twice by its title.
Mr. CORBETT. As it is important that
that bill should be acted upon at an early day,
the money heretofore appropriated for that
purpose being entirely exhausted, I call the
attention of the Committee on Appropriations
to the bill and ask them to report it as soon as
possible.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
adjournment for the holidays.
The VICE' PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following concurrent resolution
from the House of Representatives:
lZcsolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when the
two Houses adjourn on Thursday, the 21st instant,
they adjourn to meet again on Monday, the 8th day
of January next, at twelve o'clock noon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is before the Senate, and the question is on
agreeing to it, unless some other motion shall
be made.
The resolution was concurred in.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of col-
ored citizens of Massachusetts, praying the
passage of the bill known as Mr. Si'mxer's
supplementary civil rights bill; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
Archibald Wilson and others, citizens and sta-
tioners of Poughkeepsie, New York, praying
that the sale of stamped envelopes by the Gov-
