1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
963
You propose to ignore that policy by which
she has instructed the world by the success of
her sagacity, and has shown by her wealth its
national benefit, and to set aside in measure
the same system which you in your wisdom
have established for local aid and widespread
rnin.
This is an infliction which you have no con-
stitutional right to impose upon one State. If
you are not willing to stop and change a prece-
dent that is emphatically wrong, and not by
two wrongs attempt to make one right, then
you should be willing to take the process that
Michigan offers : tax her lumber, and she will
patiently bear it. As a constitutional prop-
osition it is more tenable than the position
taken by the Senator's bill. It will be to the
prejudice of that interest, but at the same time
conserve and foster the general interests of
the country ; it will save your system of tariff
and revenue, and on that theory it may be
tenable and may be constitutional.
I therefore come back to the position that I
originally took, and say it cannot be gainsaid.
The method here proposed is to take money
indirectly from the Treasury. I propose that
you shall take it directly from the Treasury,
and avoiding malfeasance, save this infliction
of deep injury upon other States. I am sure
the Senate will pause before they place upon
the statute-book this second precedent to estab-
lish the rule that you shall treat tenderly one
Stale and injuriously another.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senatorfrom Illi-
nois has asked the question what he is to say
to his constituents when he goes home if this
bill is defeated. He says they will read the
Portland bill to him and ask if the represent-
ation of Illinois in the Senate is not as influ-
ential as that from other States. It would not
be agreeable or very proper, perhaps, for that
Senator to state the realfact to his constituents;
it would be too complimentary to himself; but
in the line of my travel home I shall travel
through Chicago, and if I should be asked that
question, I should give it the truthful answer
which I could do without departing at all from
the rules of decorum. I should say to them
that their Senator who has more recently come
upon this floor made every effort, he appealed
to everv art, he aroused every feeling, emotion,
and sympathy, and pleaded to the Senate as
for a personal favor. I should tell them that
their senior Senator on this floor overcame a,nd
conquered the constitutional scruples which
compelled him to vote against the Portland bill,
and gave it a hearty and tender and pathetic
support; but that, on full consideration of the
subject, the Senate was of the opinion that the
bill could not pass in its present form without
a violation of the Constitution of the United
States, and for that reason, and that alone, the
bill failed.
The Senator from Illinois farthest from me,
[Mr. Logan,] as a part of that appeal, said to
us that the poor people who have been ruined
by this lire desire to rebuild their cabins. ^ I
understood that Senator in the argumentative
part of his speech to say that no cabins are to
be rebuilded in Chicago, that the fire ordin-
ance displaced the use of lumber. The poor
are not permitted to rebuild any more in Chi-
cago. No, sir ; no more cabins; no more lum-
ber. The wealthy men of Chicago, the capital-
ists of that city who have capital enough to stand
against this storm of fire, are to rebuild their
property and are to have the aid and support
of the United States. If we wish to extend
our aid to the poor of Chicago, that portion
who may desire to rebuild their cabins, it
should be done by exempting them from pay-
ing duties upon coffee, sugar, salt, coal, aud
molasses, the necessaries of life of that class
of people. If such a proposition were made,
it would certainly put the population of Chi-
cago upon something like equality in the ben-
efit which this bill is to confer; but no such
thing is -proposed; no such thing would be
proposed, bec&use that would arouse feelings
and prejudices in this Chamber which would
destroy this bill. No, sir, this is a bill to ben-
efit the nabobs of Chicago, not to rebuild its
cabins. N
But, Mr. President, let me restate for one
moment the constitutional objection to this
bill, and refer to the argument of the Senator
from Illinois by which it is to be answered:
" The Congress shall have power to lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises;" * * *
* "bat all duties, imposts, and excises shall he
uniform throughout the united States."
Do not those words mean that that method
of taxation shall bear uniformly upon every
State and county and city and school district
in the land? The Senator says no; all that is
required is that they should pay the same
duties and then receive them immediately back
from the Treasury. In reply to that I called
his attention to the provision of the Constitu-
tion which requires that taxation and repre-
sentation shall be apportioned among the sev-
eral States according to population, and I
asked the Senator if a law apportioning tax-
ation among the States, and providing that
Massachusetts for some reason or other should
after paying her taxes receive them immedi-
ately back from the Treasury, would be con-
stitutional. That Senator's obedience to logic
compelled him to say that such a bill would
be constitutional. If his answer cannot bo
maintained, then his premises are unsound,
because there is no fault in his logic. If one
is uniformity, the other is. If Congress may
say that a particular State shall receive back
all that her people pay to the customs reve-
nue, then they may say undoubtedly, as _the
Senator says they may, thit in the apportion-
ment of direct taxation, although every State
must pay it in, one State shall receive her
proportion directly back; in other words, it is
in the power of Congress for such reasons as
may appear to them to be sufficient to exempt
any State from this constitutional provision
which requires taxation to be borne by all the
States according to their population.
Why, Mr. President, this is no question of
sympathy. If it is, open the Treasury and
pay out the money and relieve all in common.
Here is the bill proposed, and here is the
direct provision of the Constitution opposed
to it. Now, whatever sympathy may do, how-
ever much it may warm the heart, it cannot
repealthe Constitution; and on that section
and provision we make a stand against this
bill and say that it cannot be passed consist-
ently with that. The Senator certainly docs
not meet that argument by saying that when
they pay the taxes in they have submitted to
uniformity, aud when they receive them back
in the other hand at the next moment it is all
right, and it is no violation of the rule. No,
sir; the Constitution sought to secure ends.
It dealt with substances aud results, not forms
and names. If you say that Chicago shall
have back all the money she pays into the
Treasury for duties, you virtually and substan-
tially exempt Chicago from the payment of
duties. That is what the Constitution says
you shall not do, because the duties shall be
uniform, and bear with uniformity upon every
part and section of the country.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Illinois made a very touching ap-
peal, aud perhaps an irresistible one. He says
that Chicago is here on her knees 111 ashes
begging a boon, and he considers it a very
great hardship that this appeal should not be
instantly responded to. Sir, Michigan is m
ashes, but not on her kuees. What we com-
plain of is that you compel our men in ashes
erect, to make .an involuntary contribution to
your men in ashes on their knees. We have
more ashes in Michigan than they have iu
Chicago. Where Chicago has an acre of ashes,
Michigan has a hundred thousand acres of
ashes. Where Chicago was partially destroyed,
in some sections of Michigan the destruction
was absolute and complete, towns and villages
without one single house left remaining; and
yetby thisbillyou compel these very men, whoso
property has been destroyed by millions and
tens of millions, to contribute yet again and
unwillingly to the relief of Chicago upon her
knees.
The Senator says that this is the reason the
j lumbermen are seared and cry aloud. Our
j lumbermen are not much given to crying or
to being scared. They met their calamities
like men. The whole nation was liberal to
the suffering poor, but our lumbermen imme-
diately went to work. Where their property
was destroyed to that extent that they had
not the means to rebuild, they mortgaged their
property aud immediately commenced rebuild-
ing. They are not here now upon their knees
demanding aid, but they are in the woods cut-
ting down timber that otherwise would be de-
stroyed by the worm in another year. They
are recuperating, they are rebuilding, they are
placing themselves in a position to succeed
again m the future. They have been com-
pelled to cut nearly if not quite double the lum-
ber that ever was cut before, to save it from
actual destruction the coming year. Every
tree the life of which has been destroyed mast
be cut down and put in the water this winter
or another winter it will be good for nothing.
Allusion has been made to a bad precedent.
I consider this a bad precedent, and where a
bad precedent has been established the sooner
it is abandoned the better. Sir, if you this
year follow the precedent of Portland with
Chicago, will you tell me how you can prevent
carrying the same precedent into every city,
village, and hamlet throughout the United
States, and not only into every city, village,
and hamlet throughout the United States, but
wherever there is a lire in the United States,
I care not if it be but a barn ? The Senator
from Illinois says he demands the same justice
that has been extended to others. "Why, sir,
that very Senator refused to put on this bill the
city of Peshtigo, and two or three little towns
in Michigan that bad been destroyed, simply
because, I suppose, they were smaller than
Chicago. I can think of no other reason.
If this precedent is to be-followed, if we are
to extend relief of this character to every large
city that is destroyed by fire, then I am in
favor of carrying it clear through, and giving
the same relief not only to every small city
and village, but to every individual who has
had property destroyed by fire; and you will
be compelled to do it. The time will come
when your table will be overloaded with peti-
tions from all over these United States for aid
of this description.
I regret that the honorable Senator did not
consent without objection to this reconsidera-
tion. I think the proposition of my colleague
a most liberal one. If that should be recom-
mended by the Committee on Finance, I will,
with great pleasure, vote with my colleague for
his amendment. But, sir, 1 do protest against
this great wrong being done to people who
have suffered as much, ay, and have suffered
more in proportion to their numbers and
wealth, than has the city of Chicago. _ I pro-
test in the name of justice against'this wrong
being done to those men who have thus suffered
by fire throughout the noithern portion of
Michigan.
Mr. LOGAN. I have but a word to say.
I must confess to the Senate that I am very
sorry to see this debate take the turn it has
taken. When I introduced this bill, and
throughout the whole discussion, the question
of the tariff was not in my mind. It is not
on that principle at all that it is asked. First
it was insinuated that it was a measure in the
interest of free trade. That I stated to the
Senate at once was not true. The argument
of the Senator from Michigan on my right,
[Mr. Fekby,] in his conclusion, talking about
Europe aud the requirements of some of the
countries there, and trying to bring the ques-
tion of the tariff into this matter, astonished
