16
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 3,
Ho. op Reps.
Education—Mr. Bainey.
42d Cong 2d Sess.
fear of the negro since he has been a freed-
man, when in the past he was almost a house-
hold god, gamboling and .playing with' the chil-
dren of his old master? And occasionally it
was plain to be seen that there was a strong
family resemblance between them.
Now, since he is no longer a slave, one
would suppose him a leper, to hear the objec-
tions expressed against his equality before the
law. Sir, this is the remnant of the old pro-
slavery spirit, which must eventually give place
to more humane and elevating ideas. Schools
have been mixed in Massachusetts, Rhode
Island, and other States, and no detriment has
occurred. Why this fearof competition with a
negro V All they ask for is an equal chance in
life, with equal advantages, and they will prove
themselves to be worthy American citizens. In
the southern States it was a pride in the past
to exult in the extraordinary ability of a few
representative men, while the poorer classes
were kept illiterate and in gross ignorance;
consequently completely under the control of
their leaders, all of whom were Democrats.
The Republican party propose by this meas-
ure now pending to educate the masses so that
they will be enabled to judge for themselves
in all matters appertaining to their interests,
and by an intelligent expression of their man-
hood annihilate the remnant of that oligarch-
ical spirit of exclusiveness which was so promi-
nent in the past. Sir, it appears to me as though
gentlemen on this floor have lost sight of the
fact that the besom of war has swept over this
country, and that there is a change in the con-
dition of affairs; that the people are the right-
ful rulers, and those in power are but their
servants.
During the last Congress we had under con-
sideration a bill for the establishing of a sys-
tem of national education, but adverse argu-
ments were urged against the proposition,
which resulted in its defeat. It was said then,
as now, that it was unwise and inexpedient
for such a bill to pass Congress, because it
looked forward to centralization of Govern-
ment, and an eventual invasion and trespass
upon State rights. In my opinion, if the doc-
trine of State rights was not destroyed in the
heated conflict of the late war, there are little
or no apprehensions of such a contingency in
the passage of this bill.
The decision of the sword is conceded to be
the most arbitrary of all decisions which we
have on record, and it might be added that
they are written in blood and will assuredly
withstand, all corrosive arguments to the con-
trary notwithstanding. The results of the
rebellion have decided some things, and, in
my judgment, defined the boundaries of State
rights. Sir, speaking of centralization, all
powerful Governments have a tendency in that
direction, and those who have not are showing
this day their sad want of power to control
their internal affairs, and at the same time
exercise a salutary influence on the actions
and affairs of other nations.
In the old Roman empire, proud though it
was, boasting of its many conquests and its
almost unlimitable extent of territory, feel-
ing themselves secured by a supposed high
order of civilization, they grew indifferent to
their best interests in this regard, and as a
natural sequence their power waned, and they
are only known to us as a nation through the
pages of history. The nations of modern
Europe most respected are those which have
succeeded partly in centralizing their power,
and 1 can see no difference in this respect
with republics and monarchical governments.
I am confident—yea, it is inevitable—that if
this Government expects to contiol this vast
extent of territory now in its possession, with
an almost annual augmentation thereto, it
must, of necessity, become somewhat central-
ized or it cannot stand.
Mr. Speaker. I have no argument to advance
for or against the constitutionality of this bill;
that I cheerfully submit to abler hands. It
was said, however, by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Storm] and others, that it
is grossly unconstitutional; therefore more
objectionable than the Ku Iilux bill was.
Such strictures are frequently heard from the
Democracy. Nothing, in fact, appears to be
constitutional to them that emanates or ori-
ginates with the Republicans ; consequently,
the force of the argument is not felt to any
extent. But admitting the assertion with all
of the force and potency with which it is con-
stantly uttered, I ask if it is a perversion of
the spirit of the Constitution to invoke the
sanction of that sacred instrument upon such
a laudable measure as this, having for its aim
the advancement of the whole people intel-
lectually ; thereby raising them to a higher
plane, from which they may observe the benefi-
cent workings of this, the greatest and most
magnanimous of Governments.
The natural result of this mental improve-
ment will be to impart a better understanding
of our institutions, and thus cultivate a loyal
disposition and lofty appreciation for them.
The military prowess and demonstrative su-
periority of the Prussians, when compared to
the French, especially in the late war, is
attributable to the fact that the masses of the
former were better educated and trained than
those of the latter. The leavening spirit of the
German philosophers has, apparently, pre-
vaded all classes of the population of that en-
tire empire.- It is not necessary to detail the
result that has passed into history, the lesson
of which should not be lost on this continent.
With these truths confronting us what is best
to be done? Why, educate the people to a
higher standard of citizenship. If this is done
by the aid of the General Government its
fruits will be seen in every department, and
its power felt in every emergency.
Now, I am' in favor of Government aid in
this respect, for it will materially-assist and
eventually succeed in obliterating sectional
feeling and differences of opinion, and thus
foster a unit of sentiment that is so desirable
by all true patriots, who are ever ready to
acknowledge its essentiality to harmony, con-
cord, and perpetual peace; thereby aiding
the industries of our country and develop-
ing our vast national resources. If this had
been done years ago there would have been
a better understanding and more fraternal
feeling between the North and the South,
which would have annihilated that obstinate,
hostile spirit which engendered the late "un-
pleasantness." The recent trials of the Ku
Klux at Columbia, South Carolina, furnish a
striking proof, which is beyond controver-
sion, for the criminals themselves confessed
an utter destitution of general information
that did not fail to excite the commiseration
of the presiding judges.
This lamentable condition of things demands
a remedy at the hand of our powerful and
generous Government. The evidence is con-
clusive; therefore it is not necessary that argu-
ments should be multiplied on this point. The
report of the Commissioner of Education pre-
sents an astonishing anomaly in its tabular
statements setting forth the illiterate of all
classes in the United States. We find that
out of a population of over thirty-eight mil-
lions, over two and one half millions in the
southern States over twenty-one years old
are unable to read and write, and over one
million in the northern States.
I find in the report of the superintendent, of
education of the State which I have the honor
in part to represent the following interesting
statement; there are 206,610 school children
between the ages of six and sixteen, with a
total attendance of only 66,056, the greater
portion of the remainder being unable to
attend for the want of educational facilities,
although there has been one hundred and four
school-houses erected during the year 1871,
at a cost of $13,254, and fifty-two rented in
addition thereto. There are employed in that
State 1,898 teachers, at a coat of over two
hundred and sixty-one thousand dollars per
annum.
Sir, I now ask is not this statement of suffi-
cient force to baffle opposition, and awaken a
lively interest on the part of this House favor-
able to this great popular necessity ? Think of
it, only 66,056 children attending school out
of a school population of 206,610 in one State
in this Union. What must be the exhibit of
all the States? But for all this the people are
not to blame for their insufficiency of informa-
tion. They are eager for knowledge, and the
cry is still for more. I have seen, much to my
admiration, old gray-headed men, formerly
slaves, learning the alphabet, and straining
their blunted senses in quest of knowledge,
and this, too, after the hard toils of the day.
The delight with which they behold their little
children striving to read while seated around
their humble firesides is pleasurable to behold,
as a hopeful sign of what the once oppressed
will be when they shall have drunk deep from
the perennial stream of knowledge. What we
want is schools, and more of them. We want
them strung along the highways and by-ways of
this country.
Mr. Speaker, I would have it known that
this ignorance is widespread; it is not con-
fined to any one State. This mental midnight,
we might justly say, is a national calamity,
and not necessarily sectional. We should
therefore avail ourselves of every laudable
means in our power to avert its direful
effects. The great remedy, in my judgment,
is free schools, established and aided by the
Government throughout the land. The fol-
lowing statistics will demonstrate what I have
said:
In Illinois, in the year 1870, the number
of white pupils was 826,829; number of col-
ored pupils, 6,210; number of school-houses,
10.381; number of school districts with no
schools, 390; number of scholars attending
school, 706,780. Bythis yon will perceive that
there are over 126,000 children not attending
school in this State.
In Indiana, in the years 1867 and 1868, the
number of school children was 591,661; num-
ber attending school, 436,736; average daily
attendance, 283,310; amount expended for
tuition, $1,474,832 49.
The population of Maine, in 1870, was
630,423 ; number of school children, 228,167 ;
number enrolled, 126,946 ; number not en-
rolled, 90,335; average attendance,*100,815.
Average duration of schools only four months
and twenty days.
The population of Louisiana, in 1870, was
716,394 ; school population, 254,533 ; number
enrolled, 50,000; average attendance, 40,000;
number not registered, 204,533 ; making a total
absence from school in that State of 214,533.
The school population of Arkansas, in 1870,
was 180,000; number enrolled, 100,000; aver-
age attendance, 60,000; number not enrolled,
80,000; average absence of those enrolled,
40,000; total average absence, 120,000.
Can we look at these facts unmoved? Do
they not call for our deliberate and earnest
action ? Surely they do.
There is another fact which should not be
lost sight of: our country is comparatively
new; the want of skilled labor is ielt in all
the branches of its progressive industries.
If the Government can utilize any portion of
its immense domain for the furtherance of
these ends, it will thus be dispensing its bene-
fits and wealth to another class besides rail-
road corporations, who already have too much
