1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tl
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Education—Mr. Comingo.
Ho.* of Rs®i
of what in right and equity belongs to the
people. Millions of fertile acres have been
disposed of in a prodigal manner to these
opulent, dictatorial corporations. At present
they have too much power and influence at
their command, and in certain States in this
Union they shape and control legislation to
a great extent. My fears are that if Congress
continues to assist them by further grants of
the public domain, they will eventually become
the dictators of national legislation.
The plan embraced in this bill thwarts
their designs, and will in a measure protect
the Government from such a misfortune, and
the people from such a catastrophe. Tn fact
the people have long since rendered a verdict
on this subject—"No more public lands to
corporations. " If this verdict holds good,
the public possessions, henceforth, will be held
in fee simple for the sole benefit of the people.
I shall remind the House of one thing
more, then I shall have done. The youth
now springing up to manhood will be the
future lawmakers and rulers of our country.
That they should be intelligent and thoroughly
educated is a prime necessity and of great
importance, wnich is admitted by all and
denied by none. All that may be done with
this end in view* will be returned with an
increased interest.
I truly hope that those who oppose this bill
will reconsider their opposition, and give it
their vote when the question shall again be
before the House. For one, I shall give it my
hearty support, believing it. to be just and
beneficial in its provisions.
Education.
SPEECH OF HON. ABRAM COMINGO,
of missouri,
In the House of Representatives,
February 6, 1872.
The House resumed the consideration of the hill
(H. R. No. 1013) to establish an educational fund,
and to apply the proceeds of the public lands to the
education of the peoplo.
Mr. COMINGO. Mr. Speaker, the bill
under consideration is, no doubt, well under-
stood by every member of the House. The
simple proposition to set apart the proceeds
of the sale of the public lands for the educa-
tion of the people is of easy comprehension.
But considered in connection with the various
conditions attached by the provisions of the
bill, it is not so easily comprehended, nor is it
free from serious, and, to my mind, insuperable
objections. Its features, or some of them at
least, are even repulsive, and will, I think, so
appear to everyone who will carefully and with-
out prejudice examirte them. This duty is one
we are presumed to perform, and one which I
trust we all will most faithfully perform before
we dispose of the bill under consideration, if
we have not already done so.
In view of what I have just stated, it is per-
haps useless for me to say that I cannot and
will not give the bill my support; but it is
proper that I present at least some of the rea-
sons that control my action in this behalf.
Indeed I feel constrained to do so; and
whether gentlemen on this floor will hear or
will refuse to hear, I will, so far as my time
will permit, expose the odious provisions of
this bill, and will endeavor to sound the alarm
and awaken others to a sense of the impend-
ing danger. The opponents of this bill may
have arrayed themselves in vain against it;
indeed, I fear they have, so far as the result
of the action of the House is concerned ; but
I have an abiding faith that the people of these
United States will examine this subject for
themselves, and will hereafter express their
disapprobation of its provisions in terms that
42t> Oonq. 2d Sess.—No. 2.
will be understood, and that will be even felt
by some of those who are now at ease in their
political Zion, hoping, and perhaps believing,
that the excited passions and prejudices that
have hitherto sustained them in their reckless
trifling with the Constitution of their country,
and in their cruel and malignant degradation
of a fallen foe, will last forever.
Mr. Speaker, I regret that in the discussion
of this subject by the friends of the bill, or
by many of them, an effort has been made to
•evoke the spirit of party and rush the measure
through under whip and spur, regardless of con-
sequences. The main proposition and the ques-
tions involved, rise or should rise above party
interests, and should be determined by the in-
flexible rules of law and justice. But such an
indication of a return to first principles, I regret
to say, cannot be found in much that has been
uttered in support of the bill, nor in answer to
the arguments that have been urged against it.
In answer to the clear and comprehensive argu-
ments of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
McHenry] and the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kerr] touching the questionable consti-
tutionality of some of the provisions of this bill,
or rather exposing its unquestionable uncon-
stitutionality, we are met with ridicule and
reproach. It is not my intention, however, Mr.
Speaker, to reiterate the arguments that have
been presented on this point, but I will briefly
notice one or two of the positions assumed in
reply to these arguments.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shella-
barger,] in his effort to refute the position
that the provisions of the bill unwarrantably
interfere with the rights of the States under
the Constitution of the United States, referred
to the fugitive slave law of 1793, and asserted
that that law "did the identical thing" ob-
jected to in the bill under consideration, but
was nevertheless held to be constitutional after
a most rigid judicial investigation. The latter
part of this proposition is not denied, but that
the proposed law and that of 1793 have any
similarity, or that the latter can, in any respect,
be regarded as a precedent for the former,
we wholly deny. The law of 1793, which pro-
vided for the rendition of fugitive slaves, was
expressly warranted by the Constitution of the
United States. In section two, article four, of
that instrument we find it written—
" That no person held to service or labor in one
State under the laws thereof, esoaping into another,
shall, in consequence of any law or regulation therein,
be discharged from such service or labor, but shall
be delivered up on claim of the party to whom such
service or labor may be due."
And it is elsewhere provided that Congress
shall have power to make such laws as maybe
necessary and proper for carrying into exe-
cution the powers vested by the Constitution
in the Government. I beg gentlemen on the
other side of the House to show us any such
authority as this for the proposed legislation.
If they will do so, I promise to remain forever
silent on this question of constitutional power.
The power of Congress to donate lands
to the States or to any State for educational
purposes, I do not deny ; but when it is at-
tempted to couple with such a grant the reser-
vations and conditions, express and implied,
that are to be found in the pending bill, I
do not hesitate to say the measure is not
only unwarranted by but is in express viola-
tion of the Constitution. In no instance has
Congress ever before the present time attempted
to bribe the States in the manner proposed in
this bilt. It is offering a small but gilded
pittance for a birthright. One by one the
safeguards of republican liberty are being
removed and destroyed, step by step we are
approaching a centralized power, and link by
link are we forging the chain with which that
power may hereafter bind and gall us at will.
Mr. Speaker, when we ask for bread we do
not like to receive a stone. Much, however,
like this is that which is given us,' when we
ask gentlemen on the other side to shpw lis
authority iu the Constitution for what they
would have us do. It is painful to have' our
veneration for that great charter treated Witt
derision, and provoking to have ont loyalty
thereto denounced as hypocrisy ; hilt when we
are, in adefition to all this, pointed to the pre-
amble of that Constitution as the sole author-
ity for this extraordinary legislation, we may
well feel appalled. If the authority to which
we are referred (the only authority to which
any gentleman has deigned to point us) will
sustain the proposed legislation, then indeed
may we as well as not abolish at Once our State
organizations, and let the Congress and Pres-
ident of the United States run our entire gov-
ernmental machinery.
The chairman of the committee from which
this bill is reported [Mr. Perce] used the
following extraordinary language the other day
in discussing its merits:
" I do not know that it is necessary to go into the
question of the constitutionality of a measure pro-
viding for a system of national education. Still, as
this bill has been attacked upon that ground, I pro-
pose to say a few words in regard to it. The pream-
ble of the Constitution recite that the people of the
United States, in ordor to form amore perfoct union,
establish justice, insure domestio tranquillity,provide
for the common defense, promote tho general wet-
fare, and secure the blessings of liberty to themselves
and their posterity, do ordain and establish it for
the United States of America."
Having thus ignored the necessity of an
examination of the constitutionality of the law,
he nevertheless condescends to show us the
authority by which he is supported, and to
elucidate the subject by certain illustrations.
I will be pardoned for inserting a part of his
argument, leaving others to determine its
merits. It is substantially as follows. He
asserts—
" That education isnecessary: that universal edu-
cation is necessary to establish the union of this
country, necessary to establish justice, to insure
domestic tranquillity, provide for the common de-
fense, promote the general welfare, and secure tho
blessings of liberty to the people t and that the Con-
stitution has signally failed in securing these objects
if the power to secure the education of the people
#be not somewhere contained in its provisions."
And therefore the proposed law is constitu-
tional. I am sure I have stated the whole sub-
stance of the argument on this point; indeed,
I have given it almost verbatim.
Mr. Speaker, I beg to inquire, why is it not
necessary to consider the constitutionality " of
a measure providing for a system of national
education?" If not necessary at this time,
and with reference to this measure, when and
with reference to what subject does this neces-
sity arise? I have always thought that the
constitutionality of a measure was of first im-
portance ; that unless it possessed this quality,
a loyal man, especially one acting under the
sanctity of an oath, would not and could not
give it countenance; and that his first inquiry
and most earnest effort would be to ascertain
that the measure proposed was warranted by
the fundamental law. In this I have been in
error, or the bill under consideration is so
manifestly constitutional as not to admit of
discussion, or the dominant party in this House
have resolved to give it their support, regard-
less of constitutional barriers.
The preamble quoted in support of the bill
adds nothing to the force of the Constitution.
It would be just as potent without it as with it,
and if nothing better can be shown to warrant
the proposed legislation, he who favors it with
his vote will or ought at least to have a fear-
ful account to settle at some time with his
conscience. I have hitherto supposed that the
preamble to the Constitution simply set forth
the purposes the framers of that instrument
had in view, and that it was a nuljity except
so far as it might aid in the construction of
what was thereunder written. But it is in-
sisted that its office is not confined to such
