1872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1861
imposed upon them, as upon all others, upon
the great distillers of the cities ; and if need
be, let it be increased beyond fifty cents a gal-
lon ; though I think that is, perhaps, as high
as it ought to go; but relieve them, I entreat
you, of the annoyance of the visits of revenue
officers, of searchers for their little stills, and
the compulsion to take out these licenses,
sometimes not wanted for more than a single
month, and seldom for more than two or three
months in the year.
My only purpose was, if possible, to call the
attention of the Senate to these particular
facts, and to insist while we are considering
the tariff that we keep in mind, as has been so
opportunely suggested by the amendments of
the Senator from Indiana, our internal taxes.
Let them go hand in hand. Let us keep in view
the probable receipts from each system and
diminish that which is most obnoxious to the
citizen from either the one or the other source,
and eventually, at as early a day as we possibly
can, let us abolish the whole internal revenue
system and resort altogether to imposts for the
support of the Government and for the interest
and the partial reduction of the public debt.
I think that is the true philosophy in view of
the circumstances that now surround us.
I will add that but for the very excellent,
clear, and statistical speech of the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Sawyer,] I should,
while I am up, feel it my duty to say something
on the subject of rice. I concur in the state-
ments so fully made by him of the necessity
of the retention of the duty upon that article.
The condition of the country where it is pro-
duced and of the laborers, I am sure, is in no
•wise exaggerated by him ; and if the duty be
reduced the culture will be abandoned, and
the fields hitherto devoted to that production
■will become useless for all other purposes.
They are not convertible into corn-lands, nor
into lands for anything else, even if the crops
could be grown at a far greater profit than
could possibly be made from the production
of any cereal, or cotton, if that could be culti-
vated on them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Har-
lan in the chair.) Is the Senate ready for
the question?
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing
that the vote shall be taken, but I desire to offer
a resolution, which I give notice I shall call
up to-morrow morning.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be
received by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps the Senate by
unanimous consent, will pass it now. If not,
it can go upon the Calendar. I ask the Sec-
retary to read it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That after three o'clock to-day debate
on House bill No. 173, to repeal the duties on salt,
shall bo confined to the pending amendment or
motion, and toe limited to ten minutes by any Sen-
ator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not in order.
Mr. POMEROY. It is simply read for
information. It has gone over.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want it to be entered
as a resolution introduced to be called up
to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That changes the rules
of the Senate altogether.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give a day's notice of
it. I have a right to introduce it. I gave
notice yesterday that I should introduce it to
day, and I introduce it to-day with the purpose
of calling it up to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not the least dis-
position to make a speech on the tariff; the
Senator from Ohio has exhausted that subject
already; but I do not think it right to the
Senate, after two or three leading speeches
have been made, to choke off everybody else
by a resolution of that character. I am quite
willing to sit here to-day, to-morrow, or any
other day the Senator from Ohio will name
until this bill is ended; but that is quite a dif-
ferent thing from saying nobody shall have a
right to express his sentiments..
Mr. SHERMAN. I went around and asked,
so far as I could, whether there was any one
who desired to speak. I do not wish to cut
off any one from speaking on the bill. But
after we get to the amendments, I think the
speeches should be short and confined to the
pending question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If no one desires to
speak you do not want this gag, and I tell
my friend I do not desire to speak. I beg
him to understand that I am not opposing
this on the ground that I desire to bore the
Senate with a dissertation on the subject of
finance.
Mr. MORTON. What is the question before
the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Scott] to the amendment reported
by the Committee on Finance. The Senator
from Ohio, the Chair understands, has asked
that this resolution shall be received as offered
to-day, so that it can be called up to-morrow
morning. Is there objection to that?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not object to its being
TgCeiVed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then, if there
be no objection, it will be received, entered
on the Journal, and subject to be called up
to-morrow.
Mr. BOREMAN. It is tolerably late, a
number of Senators are absent, and the Sen-
ator who made this motion is not here at
present.
Mr. SHERMAN. He is here now.
Mr. BOREMAN. I was going to suggest
an adjournment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania to the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The Chief Clerk. The first amendment
is to strike out on the first page of the bill,
lines twelve and thirteen, the following words :
On teas of all kinds, ten cents per pound.
On coffee of all kinds, two cents per pound.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suppose there is no dis-
position to proceed further with this debate
to-day, and 1 move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. "RAMSEY. The Senate is very thin
now.
Mr. SCOTT. I simply wish to say that the
amendment as read by the Clerk does not
embrace the whole amendment I offered,
which was to strike out those two lines and
insert in the last section in the free list " tea
and coffee."
Mr. SHERMAN. That cannot be done by
one motion.
The Chief Clerk. It is also proposed on
page 7, after line three, to insert "teas of all
kinds" and "coffee of all kinds."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Pennsylvania moves to strike out and insert.
He takes tea and coffee from the dutiable list
and puts them on the free list. The whole of
this printed bill, except the first three lines, is
an amendment reported by the Committee on
Finance. The Senator from Pennsylvania
moves to strike out and insert, it is true, at
different points, and if the Senator from Ohio
insists upon it, the Chair will only receive the
first part of the motion now to strike out; but
if it is received as a motion to strike out and
insert, it must be indivisible.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand this propo-
sition to be to strike off entirely the duty that
is proposed by the Committee on Finance upon
tea and coffee and to admit those articles_lree
of duty; and I understand, if that proposition
should carry, the chairman of the Committee
on Finance is of opinion that it would prevent
a reduction of duties upon other articles ; that
the financial condition of the country is such
that it would not justify a reduction of duties
upon other articles embraced in the bill in
case this proposition should carry.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is conceded on all
Mr. TRUMBULL. That being so,_ I can-
not vote for this amendment, as I think the
public interests of the country require that we
shall reduce the taxes upon some other articles
as well as upon tea and coffee. While I am
willing to vote for a reduction of the duties
upon tea and coffee to some extent, I would
not, by making them free, deprive myself of
the privilege of voting for a reduction upon
other articles, many of which are produced or
manufactured in this country, and in paying
the duty upon which we do not pay into the
Treasury the whole amount taken from the
people. I think we ought so to arrange the
duties as to make them less burdensome to the
great body of our people; and acting upon
that suggestion, I shall vote against this amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order that Senators
may understand the precise point, because this
is the most important vote on this bill, I will
state that the present duty on tea is fifteen
cents a pound, and the committee propose to
reduce it to ten cents. The present duty on
coffee is three cents, and the committee propose
to reduce it to two cents. That surrenders
about six or seven millions; but if these two
items are stricken from the tariff list and made
free, it is a surrender of about twenty millions,
which would be all that any one proposes to
reduce the tariff. As a matter of course,
if this amendment prevails, all propositions
to reduce the tariff on textile and metallic
fabrics must be abandoned. The view is con-
curred in by every member of the Committee
on Finance. 1 think that we cannotgo beyond
$21,000,000 in the reduction of the tariff. 1
make this statement that the Senate may
understand the effect of this vote.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I should like
to ask the Senator from Pennsylvania whether
his object in moving to strike out these words
in this part of the bill is to put tea and coffee
on the free list? If the question is to be taken
separately, I desire to understand il.
Mr. SCOTT. My purpose in moving this
amendment was to put tea and coffee on the
free list, and that there may be no difficulty
on that subject, if it will enable the Senate to
vote more directly or more intelligently on the
question, I will so modify my motion and put
it in that form, by inserting "teas of all
kinds" and "coffee of all kinds" upon the
free list in the last section. If that is done,
of course it follows that they will go out of the
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania modifies his amendment
by moving simply to insert *4 teas of all kinds"
and "coffee of all kinds" in the section of the
bill containing the free list, and il the amend-
ment shall be agreed to, he notifies the Senate
that he will follow it with a motion to strike
out the same words from the previous section
where they now appear.
Mr. SCOTT. In reply to what has been sug-
gested by the Senator from Illinois, I would
say that while it is true that if tea and coffee
are placed on the free list all the proposed re*
ductions in this bill cannot be made, it does
not follow that some of them cannot be made.
It would then perhaps be necessary to recom-
mit the bill to the Committee on Finance for
the purpose of determining upon which or the
articles named in the bill the reductions should
be made. They certainly cannot aU be made
if tea and coffee go upon the free list, and I
ara very frank in saying that it is for the pur-
pose of preventing tbem ali being made that I
do make the motion to put tea and coffee on
the free list. T . , . -
Mr. CORBETT. I desneto give some briet
reasons——
Mr. SPBNCJGR. . Will the Senator from
Oregon give way for amotion to adjourn?
