1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
ing by law that in all settlements hereafter made
upon the public lands under the homestead law it
shall be necessary* as a condition to the perfection of
the homestead, that the occupant of prairie lands
shall put out and cultivate some certain number oi
acres of timber, for a time to be fixed thereon, prior
to the making of his or her final proof; and report
by bill or otherwise.
committee service.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move that the
vacancy on the Committee on Privileges and
Elections, occasioned by the excusing of the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
from service on that committee, be filled by
the Vice President.
TheVICEPRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Massachusetts having been excused from serv-
ing upon the Committee on Privileges and
Elections, the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Mob-
tok,] who isnext on that committee, becomes,
under the rules of the Senate, its chairman,
and the Senator from Connecticut now moves
that the Vice President be authorized to fill
the vacancy in the membership of that com-
mittee. Is there objection? The Chair hears
none. That order will be made.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections be author-
ized to employ a clerk.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to resign my posi-
tion upon the Committee on Agriculture.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Indiana being chairman of the Committee on
Agriculture, desires to resign his position on
that committee. Is there objection toexcus-
ing him from further service? The Chair hears
none. By the rule of the Senate, the Senator
from New Jersey [Mr. Frelinghuysen] now
becomes chairman of that committee, and
there remains one vacancy in the membership
of the committee.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move that the Vice
President be authorized to_ fill that vacancy.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
final adjournment.
Mr. MORTON. If it is in order, I move
to proceed to the consideration of the concur-
rent resolution that I offered yesterday in re-
gard to the final adjournment, and which was
then laid on the table under the rule.
Mr. WILSON and Mr. SUMNER. I hope
• not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is not yet taken up.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the joint
resolution that came from the House of Rep-
resentatives in regard to the pay of laborers
in the Government employ.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
not in order pending a motion to take up
the resolution indicated by the Senator from
Indiana. If that motion should be disposed
of in the negative, the motion of the Senator
from Massachusetts would be in order. De-
bate upon the merits of this proposition can-
not be entertained by the Chair on the motion
to take it up, and the Chair will state now
that he intends, if the Senate will sustain him,
to adhere as strictly as is possible to the rule
prohibiting debate on the merits of proposi-
tions proposed to be considered, for if a sin-
gle sentence is allowed upon the merits on one
side, inevit&bly there is complaint if it is not
allowed to be replied to in extenso on the
other. Therefore, under the rule, no debate
upon the question of the adjournment of this
session of Congress will be in order on the
motion to take up this resolution, as that would
be on the merits of the proposition.
Mr. POMEROY. That is right.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that will be en-
forced in all cases.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Indiana, to
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
in regard to the final adjournment of this ses-
sion.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask, is it advisable that
we should take time on that now? It seems
to me not. It seems to me that we are not in
a condition to determine when the adjourn-
ment should occur. My friend from Indiana
smiles. Evidently he wishes to go home. He
begins thus early. I hope, Mr. President, that
we shall not take this up; but, if it is taken up,
I give notice that I have an amendment to
move; as follows:
Provided, That there shall be no adjournment of
Congress until after the passage of a supplementary
civil rights law securing equal rights without dis-
tinction ef race or color.
[Laughter.]
And on that I shall ask for the yeas and
nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Indiana,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the resolution offered by him.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 49, nays 9 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Boreman, Brownlow, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cam-
eron, Carpenter. Casserly, Chandler, Clayton, Conk-
ling, Cooper, Corbett, Cragin, Davis of West Vir-
ginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Fre-
linghuysen. Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hamlin. Harlan, Hitchcock, Howe,
Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey. Robertson,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Stewart, Stockton, Thur-
man, Tipton, Vickers, West, and Wright—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Perry of Connecticut,
Hill, Morrill of Vermont. Rice, Schurz, Sumner,
Trumbull, and Wilson—9.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cole, Davis of Kentucky, Fen-
ton, Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Osborn, Pool, Sher-
man, Spencer, Sprague, Stevenson, and Win-
do m—13.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate proceeded to consider the following reso-
lution :
Resolved hy the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That each House of Congress
shall be adjourned sine die, by the Presiding Officer
thereof, on the third Monday of May, 1872, at twelve
o'clock meridian.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following
amendment, to be added to the resolution
by way of proviso :
Provided, That there shall be no adjournment of
Congress until after the passage of a supplementary
civil rights law securing equality before the law
without distinction of race or color.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will it be in order to move
an amendment to the amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. SCHURZ. Then I move to add to this
amendment:
A bill to reduce the tariff and internal taxation,
and a bill to reform the civil service of the United
States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT._ It will be read
by the Secretary as soon as it can be reduced
to writing. Has the Senator from Missouri
this amendment in writing?
Mr. SCHURZ. I have not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have it
reduced to writing, as the rules require.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposed
amendment to the amendment will be reported
by the Secretary, as he has reduced it to writ-
ing.
The Chief Clerk. The proposed amend-
ment to the amendment is to add :
Also laws that shall provide for a reduction of the
tariff and internal taxation, and a reform in the
civil service of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I do not
know that I am in favor of all the propositions
which are suggested. I am certainly in favor
of an early adjournment; and I am in favor of
giving equal rights to all our people; and I am
very much in favor of a reform in the civil
service; and I am for reducing taxes; but
it is manifest that we cannot dispose of all
those questions this morning, and I think it
will be a mere waste of time to discuss this
resolution. The Senator from Indiana will
see that if we are to stay here until we pass all
these measures, which I have no doubt he is for
as well as myself, a proposition to postpone the
adjournment until we accomplish these various
objectsmay keep us here perpetually. I know
he does not want to tie up our hands so that we
cannot get away till we do all these good things
that are suggested by different Senators. Now,
in order to do something practical, and which,
I think, is important, and which, if it is to be
done at all. ought to be done speedily, and I
should hope might be done unanimously, (for
the effect of the act, if it is to be done at all,
will be much better if it be done by a general
consent of all parties,) I propose to take up the
bill for the removal of political disabilities, re-
ported by the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Robertson.] I move to postpone the
present and all prior orders with a view of
taking up the bill for the removal of political
disabilities. On reflection, however, lest there
should be debate, and as I desire to get a
vote on that question, I will make my motion
in another form. I give notice that before I
sit down I will move to lay on the table the
pending propositions, with a view of ask-
ing the Senate to take up the bill for the re-
moval of political disabilities. I now make
the motion that the pending propositions be
laid on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois moves that the pending resolu-
tion, with the amendment and the amendment
to the amendment, be laid on the table for the
purpose indicated by him in his remarks.
The question being put, a division was called
for, and the ayes were 22 and the noes 81.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I think we
had better have the yeas and nays on this
proposition, and I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Cooper, Davis of
West Virginia. Fen ton. Ferry of Connecticut, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Hill, Johnston, Lewis, Morrill
of Vermont, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Schurz, Stockton, Sumner, Thurrnan, Tipton, Vick-
ers, and Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony.Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler,
Clayton, Conkling, Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of
Michigan, Flanagan, Frolinghuvsen. Gilbert. Ham-
ilton ot Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock, Kellogg,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pumeroy,
Pratt, Ramsey. Scott, Stewart, and Wright—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair, Cameron, Casserly, Colo,
Cragin, Davis ot Kentucky, Howe, Keliy, Logan,
Otborn, Pool, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Steven-
son, Trumbull, West, and Windom—18.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. WILSON. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of this and all prior orders, with the
view of taking up the joint resolution from the
House of Representatives in relation to the
pay of laborers and workmen in the public
service; and I hope 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The merits of
the proposition cannot be debated on the
motion to take it up.
Mr. WILSON. I understand that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves to postpone the
further consideration of the pending proposi-
tion, for the purpose of considering the bill
from the House of Resresentatives in regard
to the pay of laborers under the eight-hour law.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to say one
word on that. Those laborers are men of
Massachusetts 
Mr. WILSON. Some of them.
Mr. SUMNER. My colleague says "some
of them." The petitioners and those who
represent the interest are men of Massachu-
setts, and they have been treated differently
from laborers in other parts of the country  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
remind the Senator 
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, I am not going to
debate the merits.
