1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
965
that it has been discussed in a manner which
is calculated to magnify very much its charac-
ter and its importance. Now, what is it, and
what is the whole object of it? A great lire
has destroyed a large portion of a great city.
It is proposed to allow a drawback of the
amount of the duty paid upon materials going
into the reconstruction of buildings upon this
burnt district. This does not unsettle the mar-
kets of the country or of the world. Lumber
seems to be the article that Senators are par-
ticularly alarmed about; but the demand for
lumber will be just as great as it would have
been if this fire had not occurred, and the citi-
zens of Michigan will get just as much for their
lumber after this bill has passed as they could
have got for it if the lire had not occurred.
Now, do the people of Michigan want to
speculate upon the misfortunes of these people
whose buildings were burned up? Is that it?
Lumber went up, as my colleague has shown
you, several dollars a thousand. Brick, I was
informed, advanced alter this fire, iu the city
of Chicago, not I suppose in the city of New
York, not elsewhere, butin the city of Chicago
brick advanced from eight to sixteen dollars a
thousand, doubled in price. Why? By reason
ot the large demand. What created the large
demand? This great fire. Now, the question
is, shall these people whose buildings were
consumed be required to pay double for the
bricks with which to reerect them, and double
for the lumber, because of the extraordinary
demand caused by the fire? That is all there
is to this bill. And is it liberal or just on the
partof afew manufacturers in thecountry, who
are engaged in the manufacture of such mate-
rials as are used in the construction of build-
ings, for them to insist that they shall have
increased prices by reason of this calamity ?
That is all we ask, that they shall sell their
lumber and their brick and their iron at the
prices that they would have sold them but for
this calamity, because the demand will be pre-
cisely as great in the country for building
material as it would have been if there had
been no fire.
But my friend from Wisconsin seems to be
troubled lest it is unconstitutional, and the
Senator from Michigan farthest from me [Mr.
Ferry] speaks of a loss of $20,000,000. A
loss of $"0,000,000 to whom? How is any
loss of §20,000,000 to be incurred by anybody ?
It is no loss unless that is counted as a loss
which speculators upon the misfortunes of
others suppose they could have made. And
he speaks of the tariff, and of British nabobs
who are to be benefited by this.
Mr. President, if ever there was a sugges-
tion presented against a tariff, it seems to me
that the argument, of the Senator from Michi-
gan would be conclusive in favor of that sug-
gestion. Is it true that this is to amount to a
loss of $20,000,000 to the people of this coun-
try? How? Would any $20,000,000 accrue to
your Treasury if this bill did not pass more
than will accrue to it if it does pass? Not
at all, but it would go into the pockets of your
manufacturers if any $'20,000,000 are raised.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Will the Sen-
ator answer me a question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly, with pleas-
ure, if i can.
Mr. FEIiliY, of Michigan. I presume the
Senator wants to state this case fairly. As it
is a fact that the stutnpage on pine in Canada
is forty cents, and in the States the aveiage
about three dollars and fifty cents, would be
by the removal of the duty of two dollars a
thousand on Canadian lumber place the man-
ufacturers of Michigan'and Wisconsin at a
disadvantage in the market?
Mr. TUUilBULL. I would not tax the
people ot this country to pay two dollais a
thousand to the lumbermen of Michigan and
Wisconsin. By what right, constitutional or
otherwise, by what rule of justicc are my con-
stituents in Illinois to be taxed two dollars a
thousand to pay the lumbermen in Michigan?
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. One question
more and I will not iuterrupt the gentleman
further. Though he resides in Chicago, he
does not know as much about the lumber in-
terest as some other interests there. I remind
him that the pine lands throughout the lum-
ber region are largely held by eastern capital-
ists. Therefore the point he makes is not to
inure to the benefit of the lumbermen, but to
the benefit of eastern men.
Mr. TRUMBULL. None tbe better for
that. Are the people of my State, are the
two millions and a half of Illinois, who take
your lumber to fence their farms and to build
their houses, to be taxed two dollars a thou-
sand feet for all of it to pay the rich men of
other States who own your lumber districts?
Is that the system of government that the
Senator Iroin Michigan is advocating bere,
and opposing this bill, because the people
of this country are to be taxed two dollars
a thousand for all the lumber they use to pay
a few rich men that own the lumber dis-
tricts of Wisconsin and Michigau? There is
where the $'20,000,000 of which he talks goes—
$20,000,000 to be put upon the people, and
the labor, and tbe industry of this country, to
benefit a few rich owners, as he tells us, of lum-
ber districts in Wisconsin and Michigan, and
that is a reason why people whose homes are
in ashes, whose all has been burned up, should
be required not only to pay the two dollars a
thousand, but to pay double price for every
brick they employ, and every foot of timber
they use in the reconstruction of their dwell-
ings.
That is the kind of argument that is used
here. Why, Mr. President., what do you sup-
pose the whole amount of revenue derived
from the importation of lumber in this coun-
try is for a year?
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I can state it to
the Senator; it is about one million five hun-
dred thousand dollars.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A million and a half is
the amount paid into your Treasury by the
people of the country as a duty upon lumber.
But we are told here that $20,000,000 is to be
lost to these people; and from whom does the
$20,000,000 come? It comes from the great
mass of the people; it is not to be lost to the
Treasury. The effect of this bill will not
amount to one hundred thousand dollars to
the Treasury.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, 1 gave way
some time ago to the Senator from Illinois
under the impression that he was going to say
but a few words oil tins subject, and then we
should vote. I find now we are going into a dis-
cussion of the tariff question, which will cer-
tainly bring up more speeches, and we shall
not be able to dispose of tr.ebdl to-night. For
that reason I wish the Senator would allow me
to make my motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will conclude in a
moment what I have t.o say. If I had not been
interrupted I should not have take so much
time.
Mr. FERRY', of Michigan. The Senator
has perverted, as I think, what I have stated,
and I shall deem it my duty to reply to him in
a very few moments, and therefore the Senator
from Pennsylvania will bear that in mind in
the arrangement as to other business before
the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall finish
this bill. It will be an economy of time, as
we have it up, to finish it.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I will confine
myself to five minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My remarks will only
be extended for a moment longer. I wish to
call the attention of the Senator from Wisconsin
to the constitutional question. This matter
of allowing diawbacks is not a new thing. I
find in the statutes passed m 18G6, this pro-
vision :
" 'I'hat, from and after tho date of the passage
of this act, vessels licensed to engage in the fish-
eries may talte on board imported salt in bond to
he used in curing fish, under such regulations as
the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe, and
upon proof that said salt has been used in curing
fish, the duties on the same shall be remitted."
There is the principle. Fishermen may take
imported salt upon which there is a duty and
use it in cuiing fish, and on proof that they
have done so the duty upon that salt is remit-
ted. Has anybody ever supposed that was
unconstitutional? We have had similar pro-
visions in the history of the Government all
along, where particular articles have had the
duties upon them remitted on proof that they
have been used in a particular way, sometimes
for manufacturing purposes, as in this instance,,.,
where the article has been used in the cure of
fish. So that this is no new provision ; it is
no infringement of the Constitution; and all
that is_ asked of the Senate is to refuse to
reconsider this vote and let it stand as it is,
allowing the people in this burnt district to im-
port and purchase the materials to reerect
their buildings at such prices as they would
have been able to build them at but for the
fire, and I think that the constituents of the
Senator from Michigan ought not to desire
to speculate out of the misfortunes of these
people, nor do I think any person in Chicago
should.
I know there are some manufacturers in
Chicago who object to tbe passage of this bill.
They can make a few dollars by extorting
extravagant prices in consequence of the ex-
tieme demand arising out of the fire; but I
do not think it is just or right that they should
do so. This seems to me to be a proper thing
to do, and in a national point of view it is a
proper tiling. This whole United States is in-
terested in building up this great city of the
West. Large revenues are derived from it,
and even in an economical view, if we were
merely looking at dollars and cents for the
Treasury of the United States, we shall get
back in the increased property that will be
subject to taxation, in the inciea;-ed business
that will early be undertaken iu Chicago, an
income which will more than make up for any
loss the Treasury will sustain in consequence
of allowing this remission of duties upon the
articles that go into the construction of build-
ings in the burnt district. I hope the Senate
will not reconsider this vote.
Mr. FENTON. 1 desire to call up the regu-
lar order, so that it may be left as the unfin-
ished business when the Senator from Penn-
sylvania makes his motion for an executive
session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us vote.
Mr. PENT UN, If the Senate is willing to
vote on the motion to reconsider the passage
of the Chicago bill I have no desire to inter-
pose.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. If the Senator
from New York will indulge me for a few
moments, I will then be prepared, so far as I
am concerned, to vote on the question.
* Mr. CAMERON. I wish the Senator from
New York would give way to me for a moment.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no wish to take
any part in this debate away fiom the few
Senators who have been engaged in it; but
before 1 vote, I should like myself to make a
brief suggestion or two m re erence to the
motion to reconsider. I should like to do it
at some time when I do not incommode any
other Senator, but I should like to occupy the
floor a few moments on the subject at some
time.
Mr. FENTON. I insist on calling up the
regular order, and having done so, 1 will yield
to the Senator from Pennsylvania. ;
The VICE PRESIDENT. The customs',
bill is before the Senate, the regular order
being insisted upon.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President 
