M
APPENDIX TO THE CONQBESSION AL GLOBE.
( February
Ho. of Reps.
Education—Mr. Oomingo.
42d Ookg... -2d Sess.
narrow limits; that universal education is
necessary to secure the various objects which
the ftamers of the Constitution had in view,
and that a law providing for a system of uni-
versal or national education is therefore con-
stitutional. If this proposition could be main-
tained, there is scarcely a subject that has
heretofore come exclusively within the range
of State legislation that may not be made the
subject of legislation by Congress, and of ex-
clusive legislation if that body should choose
to press the exercise of its powers to that
extent.
I again ask gentlemen on the other side
whether they will support this bill if they can
find no other warrant therefor than that which
is contained in the preamble to the Constitu-
tion? Itsurely cannotbe possible, gentlemen,
that you will; and if you will not support it
wilhout other warrant, we pray you to poiatto
the authority for this measure, for every one
on this side of the House pronounces and sin-
cerely believes it to be a most dangerous in-
fraction of a law we have all voluntarily sworn
to support.
But, Mr. Speaker, these are not my only
objections to this bill. Admit, if you please,
that the objections urged are unfounded, and
that the measure is clearly consiitutional, there
are other features in the bill on account, of
which I cannot give it ray support; features
which will secure for it the unqualified con-
demnation of an overwhelming majority of
the American people when they cometo under-
stand the measure and its practical workings.
These I desire briefly to present. But beiore
I do so, Mr. Speaker, permit me to state that
the effort on the other side of the House to
place the Democratic members on this floor,
and even the entire Democratic party, in a
false position on the educational question, is
an unworthy and an intentional misrepresenta-
tion. Not one of those who have engaged in
the discussion on this side of the House has
expressed, nor does he or any Democrat on
the floor entertain the least hostility to the
colored race, nor to the use of proper means
for their moral and intellectual elevation and
culture, yet for reasons that are best known
to themselves, gentlemen of the other side
have tried to place us in this attitude. I
use the mildest language I can command when
I say that this is unworthy and intentional
misrepresentation. They at the same time
boast of the superior intelligence of the peo-
ple whom they have the honor to represent,
and express a desire to elevate the benighted
Democracy as well as the negro to the exalted
position which they seem to imagine they and
their highly favored constituency occupy; and
for the attainment of this end they magnani-
mously propose the measure under consider-
ation.
Passing by the indelicate and invidious com-
parisons these gentlemen have been pleased to
make, and the lack of modesty and good man-
ners they have manifested in thus boasting of
their superiority, and thereby wantonly morti-
fying our feelings, I beg the indulgence of the
House, Mr. Speaker, for a few minutes longer,
that I may examine some of the provisions of
this bill, and give additional reasons why I
think it should not become a law. It has
been stated, and truly, on the other side, that
the Stales are not compelled to accept the
piovisions of this bill, nor to establish any
system of schools at all. But the proposition
must be made with the expectation that some
of the States, if not all, will accept it. It
is absurd to suppose otherwise. Whether
accepted by one or all, however, makes no
kind of difference as to its practical workings.
We may therefore assume, for the purpose
of the argument, that it will be accepted by
every State in the Union in the time and
manner provided. Such is, of course, the
wish of its friends. The first distribution of
each State's apportionment would be subject
to the conditions imposed by section five, and
none other; that is, each State having pro-
vided by law, or rather having engaged by its
Legislature that it will provide by law for the
free education of all its children between the
ages of six and sixteen years, and will apply
all moneys which it shall receive under the
provisions of the act, and in accordance with
its conditions, will receive its share of the first
distribution. Can you imagine, Mr. Speaker,
why each State should not be allowed to re-
ceive its share of every subsequent distribu-
tion, if it should have provided by law for the
free education of all its children between the
ages mentioned ? There must be a reason why
it should not, and it is a little remarkable that
the gentlemen of the other side who have
engaged in the discussion of the bill have not
explained, nor, so far as I have heard, at-
tempted to explain this. I confess that I
cannot. It might be regarded as uncharitable,
sir, to charge or even suppose that the bill was
artfully drawn; but whether it was or not, we
find a most extraordinary difference between
the conditions upon which the first and subse-
quent distributions of shares are made; adiffer-
ence which should at once and forever settle
the fate of this bill, and one which, if it shall
become a law, should, and 1 think will, cause
it to be unhesitatingly rejected by every State.
The seventh section provides—
That each State, &c., shall be entitled to receive
its share of every apportionment after the first
which shall have complied with thofollowing condi-
tions : first, that it shall have made the provision
for the education of its children required by the fifth
section; second, that it shall have applied all mon-
eys by it previously received under this act in
accordance therewith; third, that it shall, through
the proper officer thereof, for the year ending the
30th day of June last preceding such apportionment,
make full report of the number of schools free to all
the children thereof, &c.
This language cannot be misunderstood. Its
meaning, and its only meaning, is that the
State that does not make its free schools free
to all the'children between the specified ages
shall not receive a share of any apportion-
ment except the first; or, in other words,
unless these schools are free to both black and
white, without regard to sex, the State is not
entitled to a share. If there is any doubt as
to this, we need but read a part of the ninth
section to have it removed. It provides:
That the superintendent of public instruction of
each Stato and Territory, and of said District,
(Columbia,) or such other officer as shall by the
laws of each State, Territory, or District be required
so to do, shall, immediately upon the receipt of the
certificate provided in section four, proceed to appor-
tion the amount so certified to his State, Territory
or District to the several school districts therein
which shall have maintained for at least three
months during the preceding year one or more free
public schools for all the children, &e.
Thus it seems that although ample provision
may be made for the free instruction of all the
children of the given ages in the State, yetunless
the schools are free and open to all, both black
and white, the boon is to be withheld from all.
You thus say to the white children of thecoun-
try, "You shall mingleand associateon terms
of equality with negroes of your own ages, or
you shall enjoy none of the benefits and bless-
ings of free education or instruction at the
expense of the General Government. It mat-
ters not that your lands, or lands in which you
and your ancestors had an interest in common
with every other citizen of the United States,
have been sold, and the proceeds ' consecrated
to the education of the people,' we, your supe-
riors in intelligence, in morality, in refinement,
have determined that you may obtain an
education as best you can, or live and die in
ignorance, if you do not come to the terms
we prescribe,"
Be it so, Mr. Speaker; the fault is none
of ours. The blow that will, by the passage
of this bill, be struck at the best interest of
the children of the present and perhaps com-
ing generations, at their education, their moral
culture, their social happiness, and the blow
that will do more perhaps than any other to
exterpate the civil and religions liberties of
the American people, comes not from our
hands. On this Bide the House all that can be
will be done, in addition to the efforts already
made, to defeat this measure. We siucerely
but doubtingiy trust that success may crown
our efforts.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is yet another fea-
ture in this bill which I regard as most danger-
ous, and on account of which, as well as of
those already mentioned, I resist its passage.
It isfound in the proviso to the eleventh sec-
tion. I quote it in full; it is as follows:
Provided, That the conditions herein prescribed
may be subject to sueh modification or addition as
Congress may hereafter deem necessary for the better
accomplishment of the purposes of this act.
If by virtue of the preamble to the Consti-
tution of the United States, Congress may ex-
ercise the power claimed by the friends of this
measure, what may it not do or attempt in
pursuauce of this proviso? .What, ostensibly,
is the main purpose of the act? The education
of the people. What may a Republican Con-
gressnonsider "necessary for the better accom-
plishment" of that end? God only knows. I
am sure we on this side theHousedo not, and
I believe those on the opposite side will not
attempt to answer the questiou, as they do not
know to what exteutthe interestsof their party
(I should say of education) may require .hem
to go. The toil is cunningly hid, and is laid
far in advance of the game to be captured.
Once in its meshes there will be no escape.
They will be strengthened from time to time,
as real or imaginary necessities may require,
and resistance will be found as unwise as futile.
Pass this bill, and the party in power may,
and perhaps will in a very short time, "for
the better accomplishment of the purposes of
this act," think it necessary to take control of
all our free schools, to appoint school com-
missioners, superintendents and inspectors, to
prescribe the course of studies that may or
even shall be pursued, and the books that shall
be used, and those that shall not; and by these
and other means exert an influence and wield
a power dangerous alike to the civil and re-
ligious liberties of the people. "Let me,"
says some one, "write the songs of the people,
and I care not who make their laws." Give
me the control of your schools, as they may in
time be controlled by virtue of this bill, should
it become a law, and I care not who make
your laws or write your songs.
But it will be said there is no reason to fear
that there will ever be an unwise or a danger-
ous exercise of the powers reserved to Con-
gress by the provisions of this bill. Possibly
not; but our past experience by no means
encourages such a hope.
On the 25th of February, 1870, a bill was
introduced in the Congressof the United States
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] for the purpose of establishing a system
of national education, which conferred upon the
President the most extraordinary powers, and
practically gave him the exclusive control of
the school system and schools in every State in
the Union. It gave him the power to appoint
a superintendent of national schools for each
State, and to this superintendent the power
to district his State; and to the Secretary of
the Interior the power to appoint district in-
spectors and superintendents. It gave to the
State superintendents the power to direct
what number of schools should be kept in
each district, what books used, &c. It also
provided for the support of the schools "by
taxation imposed by the General Government
on the States, and lor the levying and collect-
ing of these taxes by Government officials.
