2758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
officers, soldiers, sailors, and marines, pray-
ing that claims for homestead lands may be
assignable; which was referred to llie Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also a peti-
tion signed by a very large number of citi-
zens of the county of Rensselaer, in the State
of New York, the mayor of the city of Troy,
and a great many others, asking aid for the
national homestead at Gettysburg for' the or-
phans of soldiers and sailors of the United
States. AVith this petition is a letter signed
by the whole body of the clergy of Troy, and
which, although addressed to myself, I ask to
put with the petition, and refer with it the
papers setting forth an urgent case and a
meritorious one, calculated to appeal to the
judgment and the sympathies of the Senate.
I move its reference to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NYE presented the petition and papers
of Madame Don Bernard, n€e de Rochfer-
moy, one of the survivors and legal repre-
sentatives of her grandfather, Brigadier Gen-
eral Mathieu Alexis Chevalier de Rochambeau,
praying compensation for services rendered
by him in the revolutionary war; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PATTERSON presented the petition
of Mary II. Seward, praying indemnity for
spoliations committed by the French between
the years 1793 and 1801 ; which was oidered
to lie on the table.
Mr. FEN TON presented papers relating to
the application of Calista E. Cox, for the
extension of a patent for horse hay-rakers ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents.
He also presented the petition of the auditor
and canal commissioners of the State of New
York, praying that the provisions of the law
of 1870, revising the tarilf and permitting cer-
tain articles to be imported duty free, may be
continued in force for two years from July,
18i2; which was referred to the Committee
on finance.
reports of committees.
Mr. SCOTT. I am instructed by the joint
select^ Committee to Investigate Alleged Out-
rages in the Southern States to report the testi-
mony taken by sub-committees in the States
of Georgia, Florida, Alabama, and Missis-
sippi. I his testimony was embraced in the
resolution already passed for the printing of
extra copies, but I will state that the commit-
tee may have hereafter a brief supplementary
report to add to this testimony. I move that
it lie on the table and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mi. PRATT. Ihe Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Emanuel
Roberts,praying that he be allowed a pension,
have had the same under consideration, and
have directed me to report adversely to the
petition, and ask that the petitioner be allowed
to withdraw his papers.
UMBULL. Why should he be
allowed to withdraw his papers ?
oata hpHf'TT' Poss1iljl>:because be can make
So V. . °jSe ln. future> and we think
he has a remedy at the Pension Office.
1 he report was agreed to.
siom? fi?1' fr0m '£e Committee on Pen-
V r Wa® referred the bill (S. No.
,) gfantinga pension to Peter Campbell sub-
mitted an adverse report; which Z ordered
indefinitely. ^ the
r'f for'thehr^
wnn^ i?-rVA" submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed and
the bill was postponed indefinitely
He also, from tue same committee to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No! 1198?ST
ing a pension to Ann Hunter, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed, and the bill was postponed indefi-
nitely.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 802) to
amend an act entitled "An act granting pen-
sions to certain soldiers and sailors of the war
of 1812, and the widows of deceased soldiers,"
introduced by the honorable Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. Wright,] have had the same un-
der consideration, and have directed me to
report adversely, and to recommend its indefi-
nite postponement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be postponed indefinitely.
Mr. WRIGHT. I wish to have it placed on
the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
be placed on the Calendar with the adverse
report of the committee.
martin watkins.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (II. R. No.
1544) for the relief of Martin Watkins, of East
Windsor, Connecticut, have had the same
under consideration, and have directed me to
report it back to the Senate without amend-
ment, and to recommend its passage. I also
submit a report in writing, which I ask to have
printed.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT. I ask for the present con-
sideration of this bill; and before doing it I
will make to the Senate a statement of the
facts. Mr. Watkins, in 1869, was living upon
the borders of a stream called Broad creek, in
East Windsor, Connecticut. An extraordin-
ary flood occurred which bore away his house
with all of its contents and his child, he
himself and his wife barely escaping with
their lives. Among the property were four
coupon bonds, one calling for $200, another
for $100, and two calling for fifty dollars each.
The $200 bond has been irrecoverably lost;
the $100 bond has been found, and fragments
of the two fifty-dollar bonds were found some
time afterward hanging to the bushes. These
fragments, identifying the bonds and showing
their numbers, were in evidence before the
committee. This bill merely authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue new coupon
bonds in place of the two fifty-dollar bonds
destroyed. The case seemed to be a very
clear one to the committee, and on this state-
ment of the facts I ask for the present con-
sideration of the bill.
_ There being no objection, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What kind of security
does that provide for? Let that part of the
bill be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Provided.That before issuing' the new boruk
bond rifTnS m eaSU-y sha11 "Wire a sufficient
bona of indemnity securing the Government
ha°vePrbeer tdaetroy°/d.the af0rmaii
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to a third readimr
read the third time, and passed.
william and coleman sellers.
nf^tf' I ask unanimous consent
w 'ew^,- ° take UP House b'U No. 896
to enable William Sellers and Coleman Sel-
lers t0 make application to the Commissioner
of Patents for the extension of letters-patent
for an improvement in coupling for shaftin?
now*" "'.defiPite1^ Postponed for the S
pose of putting it on the Calendar. I dVso
fend. S°me add'tl0nal Nation has come
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
p.SpcS^"' Wl  ™
M ' Somy time ago.
r. SUMNER. It cannot be reconsidered
unless the motion to reconsider was made
within two days.
Mr. CAMERON. It can be done by unani-
mous consent, which i take it for grunted will
not be objected to.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not mean to object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will require
unanimous consent, as the lime under the rules
for a reconsideration has p.is.sed. If there be
no objection, the bill will be reconsidered by
unanimous consent and placed on the Calendar
with the adverse report of the committee. It
is so ordered.
order of business.
Mr. SUMNER. I now ask the Senate to
be good enough—it has already acted on one
bill—to take up Senate bill No. 365.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. Several Sena-
tors have risen with morning business.
Mr. SUMNER. If this bill be taken up, I
will cheerfully yield to morning business.
Ihe VICE PRESIDEN T. The Senator
from Wisconsin, before the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts came in, obtained unanimous con-
sent to take up a bill subject to morning busi-
ness.
Mr. SUMNER. If I am anticipated, I of
course must sit down, but I intended to ask
the Senate to finish the bill to secure equal
rights in the public schools in the District of
Columbia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is unan-
imous consent for that bill 
Mr. BLAIR and others objected.
Mr. MORTON. I ask unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up Senate bill No. 58. I
very seldom 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. MORTON. I will give way for morn-
ing business.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have a report to make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are still in order.
additional reports of committees.
_ Mr. FENTON. In the matter of the peti-
tion of Samuel Gardiner, praying for relief
from Congress for an infringement on his elec-
tric gas-light apparatus, the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate, to whom it was referred, are of opin-
ion, the cause of complaint being the alleged
infringement of a patent, the case is one more
proper for determination by legal proceedings
in the courts. The committee therefore ask
to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petition.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am directed by the
ommittee on Pensions to report adversely on
the petition of Ann McTauge, widow of Neal
i c lately a soldier in the Army, on the
ground that the committee are unable to con-
clude from all the evidence that the Pension
nice has committed an error in rejecting the
app icat'on for a pension. It seems to be a
doubtful matter, and in doubtful matters cer- .
i y cannot revise the findings of the
proper department.
The committee was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition.
Mr.- EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
ensions, to whom were referred the petitions
u rmff r? ^0llfure, Margaret Chard,
ivo 7 Renell, praying to be allowed
• Pen,slon> asked to be discharged
their further consideration; which was
agreed to.
PrWIl MORJON, from the Committee on
tha K-figfoa\? Elections, to whom was referred
ii « 1 ( ^°- '91) to amend an act entitled
is™ an act approved May 31,
■f ' en A" act to enforce the right of
sevpr'w, ♦ the United States to vote ill the
rinse a> ,v 8 °f the Union, and for other pur-
Mr' w'1'1 am(i dments.
TW Vim , ' from llie Committee on
ost 0fftces and Post Roads, to whom was
