70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair
must insist that he thinks this is debate on
the merits, in his construction of the word
" merits." If laborers in Massachusetts have
been treated differently from laborers in other
portions of the country, that is certainly a
question going directly to the merits of the
proposition.
Mr. SUMNER. I submit, of course, with
infinite deference to the Chair, and I do not
doubt that the Chair is right 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
he is.
Mr. SUMNER. But I have not finished
my sentence, the Chair will notice. The ques-
tion is of urgency, and all I intended to say
was to that single point of urgency, that here
are laborers in Massachusetts who have been
treated differently from laborers elsewhere,
and they come here now asking a remedy. A
bill has passed the House of Representatives
supplying the remedy, and I think that the
Senate will do well to act on it at once. I
merely speak to the point of urgency; I say
nothing of the merits of the case; but I say
that there are special reasons why this should
be proceeded with now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
now see that if this debate on his part is in
order, it is right for every other one of the
more than seventy Senators in this body to
undertake to prove that these laborers have
not been treated differently from other labor-
ers, which covers the whole merits of the
question; and its discussion would probably
consume several days. The Chair, therefore,
thinks he is right in his construction. The
morning hour, however, has expired, and the
Senate resumes the consideration of the unfin-
ished business pending at the adjournment
yesterday.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hav-
ing called up the unfinished business of yes-
terday, upon which the Senatorfrom Vermont
[Mr. Edmunds] is entitled to the floor, the
Senator from Pennsylvania moves that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How can he make the
motion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Because the Sen-
ator froin Vermont did not claim the floor.
The Chair could not put' him on the floor
except by his own claim.-
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I give notice that
I shall claim it at the first opportunity.
■ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can-
not give the floor to a Senator who does not
in some way claim it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As it is a matter of no
consequence at this moment, I am willing to
accommodate my friend from Pennsylvania;
but I wish to suggest to the Chair that accord-
ing to my little experience in this body, the
custom is to award the floor to a Senator who
is taken from it upon a motion to go into exec-
utive session in the course of a speech, and
that nobody can take from him the right to the
floor by happening to jump before he rises
when the measure on which he had the floor
in the course of the speech in which he was
interrupted is called up, if the Senator entitled
to tlm floor is on hand within a reasonable time
to claim it. I do not make the point now,
however, because it is perfectly agreeable to
me that the Senate should proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
answer the point which the Senator from Ver-
mont has stated partially. The Senator from
Vermont being out of his seat when the morn-
ing hour expired, is to the eye of the Chair the
same as if he were out of the Chamber. The
Senator from Pennsylvania rose at the very
instant the words fell from the lips of the Chair
declaring that the morning hour had expired
and that the unfinished business of yesterday
was before the Senate, and the Senator fro m
Vermont not then claiming the floor, the Chair
recognized the Senator from Pennsylvania ;
but he first looked to see if the Senator from
Vermont was in his seat, for the purpose of
awarding him the floor if he should claim it.
The question is on the motion of the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania, that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after twenty-
eight minutes spent in executive session the
doors were reopened; and (at one o'clock and
thirty minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 12, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. Dl
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
amendment to the rules.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was referred
to the Committee on the Rules:
Resolved, That the following be added to the rules
of the House:
Rule—. Whenever theseatsshall have been drawn,
no proposition shall be in order for a second draw-
ing during the same Congress: Provided. That this
rule shall not apply to the Forty-Seeond Congress.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
harbor of baltimore.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instructed
to communicate to this House all information in his
Department relating to the commercial necessity for
mcreasing the channels leading to the harbor of
Baltimore.
member sworn in.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to make a report from
the Committee of Elections. The committee
are unanimous in the opinion that the docu-
ments referred to them in the case of William
S. Herndon, from the first district of Texas,
entitle him to a seat in this House from that
district. I suppose it is not necessary that the
report should be read. I merely ask that Mr.
Herndon be sworn in.
The resolution reported by the Committee
of Elections was agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That William S.Herndon. upon the docu-
referre'd to the committee, has a prima facie
right to the seat for the first congressional district
ot lex as, without prejudice to the right of any other
person claiming to have been duly elected thereto
to contest his right to said seat upon the merits.
Mr. William S. Herndon, Representative-
elect from the first district of Texas, then
appeared and qualified by taking the oath of
office prescribed by the act of July 11, 1868.
report of comptroller of the currency.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution,
upon which he demanded the previous ques-
tion : ^
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed for the use of the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency two thousand extra copies of his recent report.
The previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BEAITY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
expenditures in the departments.
•^r j unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
itMef??n<ithBh|t.tJl6T?om,,iittees °n the Expend-
itures m the State Department, the Post Office
Department, the War Department, the Navy
Department, and the Interior Department, each be
respectively directed to examine and report to this
House by bill or otherwise-
First. Whether the expenditures in the said De-
partments are justified by law.
Secondly, whether claims, from time to time satis-
fied and discharged by said Departments, are sup-
ported by sufficient vouchers establishing their just-
ness both in character and amount: whethor such
claims have been discharged out of lunds appropri-
ated therefor, and whether all moneys have been
disbursed in conformity with appropriation laws.
Thirdly. Whether any and what provisions are
necessary to be adopted to provide more perfectly
for the proper application of the public moneys, and
to secure the Government from demands unjust in
their character and extravagant in amount.
Fourthly. Whether any and what retrenchment
can beraadein theexpendituresof said Departments
without detriment to the publie service; whether
any and what abuses exist in the failure to enforce
the payment of moneys which may bo due to the
United States from public defaulters or others, and
what provisions are necessary to add to the economy
of the Departments and the accountability of their
officers.
Fifthly. Whether any offices belonging to said De-
partments have become useless or unnecessary, and
whether it is expedient to modify or abolish the
same; also, to examine into the pay and emolu-
ments of said offices, and report such reduction or
increase as a just economy and the public service
may require.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] whether he
has comprehended ail the various Executive
Departments in his resolution?
Mr. DAWES. It is very similar to a reso-
lution which passed the House yesterday in
reference to the Treasury Department.
Mr. COX. Does it comprehend an investi-
gation into the syndicate?
Mr. DAWES. Into what?
Mr. COX. Into the payment of interest and
the refunding of the public debt.
Mr. DAWES. That relates to the Treasury
Department. I am sorry my friend sleeps so
uneasy upon his own reference.
Mr. COX. I sleep uneasy because I have
no faith that the Committee of Ways and Means
will ever report that resolution back.
Mr. DAWES. I am sorry the gentleman
sent his resolution to a committee that he has
no confidence in.
Mr. COX. It was sent to the Committee of
Ways and Means because it was objected to
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] and his colleague, [Mr. Basks ;] and
it went to the Committee of Ways and Means
pro forma.
Mr. DAWES. If my impatient friend from
New York [Mr. Cox] will only hold himself,
he will be satisfied in due time that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has conformed to the law
in every particular. The gentleman seems to
be impatient for an execution ; let him look to
to those of his own household.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to get at the
names of the defaulters, and then the amounts
they owe to the Government.
Mr. DAW ES. The best way to do that is
by the investigation which is provided for by
this resolution.
Mr, RANDALL. Does this resolution in-
volve any such instructions to the committees?
_ Mr. DAWES. I do not think the investiga-
tion can be made without get ting at the names.
Mr. RANDALL. Is this an instruction for
them to report the names?
Mr. DAWES. It is an instruction to these
committees to do-all they possibly can in the
way of investigation. If any one knows how
to investigate and keep the names out of
sight-—
Mr. RANDALL. I do not care about the
names alone; I mean the whole subject.
Mir. DAWES. The whole subject is com-
mitted^ to these committees, and they are espe-
cially instructed to make this investigation.
Mr. RANDALL. I want to add to the res-
olution a clause requiring the committees to
report to this House.
Mr. DAWES. That is in the resolution
already.
Mr. COX. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] whether,
