1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
967
cussion seems to be over, when the Senate
desires to vote, when a majority of the Senate
is willing to vote, by some kind of manage-
ment or other a vote is attempted to be pie-
vented. Now, I hope the Senator from New
York will make his speech, if he has any to
make, and if I think it worthy of reply I will
reply to it, inasmuch as he has criticised me
for the manner in which I have managed
this bill. The Senator from Pennsylvania
knows well—I appeal to him—that there is
nothing for us to do in executive session. I
ask him to allow the vote to be taken on this
bill. The Senator from New York seems
determined not to speak, but to sit here_ and
insist that lie wants to speak at some time.
When will that sometime come? If that is
the right kind of treatment in this Chamber
toward any Senator having the management
of a bill, it is a different kind of treatment from
that which I would display to him or any other
Senator, either now or at any future time.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move that the Sea-
ate do now adjourn.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDEN T. The Senator
from New York has risen in compliance with
the unanimous consent of the Senate, pending
the motion to adjourn, to call up the special
order, which is the customs bill.
Mr. CAMERON. Now I ask the Senator
from Wisconsin to give way until I can have
my motion put.
Mr. CARPENTER. I will give way to the
Senator from Pennsylvania if he wishes to
make a motion.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being
on a division—ayes 17, noes 20.
Mr. CARPEN IE it. I move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. Let us
finish this bill.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The customs
bill is now before the Senate. Does the Sen-
ator from New York yield for the disposition
of the Chicago bill?
Mr. FENTON. Yes, sir, according to the
understanding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on-the motion to reconsider the
vote of the Senate passing the bill (H. R.
No. 555) for the relief of the sufferers by fire
at Chicago.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Mr. President, I shall
not stand long in the way now or at any time
of the vote of the Senate upon the bill. I am
not willing, however, to give any vote seeming
by silence to acquiesce in some of the things
which have been stated.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
seems to have some feeling about this which
I see nothing whatever to create or to warrant;
and he, I think, mistakes somewhat if lie
supposes that by the exhibition of acerbity
or dissatisfaction he will deter Senators from
doing their duty. I hat Senator took occasion
to state that a Senator behind me was like
Christopher Columbus, entitled to credit for
having discovered now a constitutional objec-
tion. 1 sent for and had before me—1 have it not
now—the Globe of the 25th of January, from
which 1 might have read to show that this
objection was plainly and specifically pointed
out then by the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Scott.] I took occasion my
self to comment upon it, and to say that 1 saw
no answer to it, that I found no answer in the
suggestion made by the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman*.] that we had remitted the
duties upon a clitme of bells, and that we had
allowed philosophical instruments to come in
free if they were to be used in colleges. It is
quite clear, therefore, that 110 Senator to-day
can earn a reputation as a Columbus for having
discovered this constitutional objection. Ana
now, having thought of it in the meantime, I
am willing to say, as 1 was not willing to say
then—for I expressed merely a doubt—I am
willing now to express a conviction that the
objection has not been and cannot be answered
by any such suggestion as has been vouchsafed
to us. The provision of the Constitution is,
and it is in the nature of a qualification and
mandate afier a grant of power, that imposts,
duties, and taxes "shall be uniform through-
out the United States." Borrowing now and
repeating the illustration that 1 gave when the
bill was under consideration before, it is like
saying that the people of the city of Syracuse,
New York, shall for a'length of lime pay no
duties upon salt, iron, and sugar. That was
the illustration I gave then ; I give it now, and
I say upon reflection that the provision in this
bill is equivalent to that.
1 heard some Senator argue that because it
was in the nature of a drawback, because it
was to be taken out of one pocket and put in
the other, because the duty was to be paid and
immediately handed back by the Government,
it answered the Constitution. I am not going
to argue this question, but simply to call atten-
tion to one or two things. If such an argu-
ment can satisfy the mind of any Senator,
certainly it is not my business to embarrass
him with doubts. I say it seems to me not
to rise to the point of an indirection. It is
nothing whatever except a mere method of
freeing from duties building materials to be
used by a certain community. That is all.
I think no Senator, no lawyer will answer,
except in one way, the question whether any
other mode of answering the same purpose
and producing the same result, if convenient
and accurate, would not be equally accept-
able to the Constitution.
But, Mr. President, 1 heard a Senator read
a statute showing that all fishermen, all Amer-
ican citizens whatsoever, male and female,
no matter at what port they lived, no mat-
ter of what State they are citizens—all cit-
izens and persons whatever, who use salt for a
particular purpose, namely, curing fish, shall
be entitled to a drawback, and I understood
that statute to be read to answer the doubts
of those whose doubts rest upon this point,
namely, whether it is constitutional tosay, not,
that all people alike shall be exempt from
duties in a certain instance, but that, one single
community alone, and nobody else, shall be
exempt, the language of the Constitution be-
ing that, "but all duties, imposts, and excises
shall be uniform throughout the U nited States.''
That being the Constitution, the question is
whether duties are uniform throughout the
United States when the residents^ of a single
city shall be exempted from paying thpm, a
Senator having cited a statute which gives a
drawback to alt manner of people whatever in
the whole country who use salt for a particu-
lar purpose.
With no better instruction than I have on
this subject, I should say that the statute which
we have been referred to has regard to the
Constitution and is uniform. Why? Because
it is applicable to everybody just as a draw-
back on philosophical instruments used in col-
leges is applicable to everybody who chooses
to profit by it.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator from New
York give way to a motion to adjourn? I
should be very glad to see this question dis-
posed of. I say for one, however, that I have
another engagement, and I think it is time to
adjourn. 1 have no faith in getting a vote
to-night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we stay here we can
get a vote.
Mr. MORTON. By staying here until to-
morrow morning, perhaps you can. I move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CON KLIN G. I yield the floor for that
motion. T
Mr. FENTON. Before we adjourn I must
call up the regular order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought it was under-
stood that befure we adjourned the other bill
should come up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 19, noes 20.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I was in the act of say-
ing that the statute of 1866, and every other
statute of drawbacks as far as I know, is
grounded upon this provision. It recognizes
the necessity of uniformity in the imposition
of imposts and duiies. Does the bill before
us recognize uniformity? If it does, consid-
ering that on the 24th of January this objec-
tion was made, and that Senators have thought
of this who have zeal to quicken their ability,
why is it that down to this moment we have
heard no explanation of the ground upon
which this provision is to stand?
The junior Senator from Illinois, as I under-
stand him, said he did not comprehend what
was meant by saying that in exempting Chi-
cago from duties, from taxes, other people
were to contribute to pay them. I think I
understand that. If it is not true, it must be
because when you exempt the people of Chi-
cago from duties, you impose them upon
nobody else; they fall upon nobody else;
nobody else suffers. In that view, I suggest
that having exempted Chicago we take the next
city, exempt that, and go around until all the
cities are exempt, and whom does it fall upon
then? It would be a device almost equal to
that of the man who proposed to abolish taxes
altogether and pay the expenses of the Gov-
ernment out of the Treasury. It falls upon
somebody. Someone of course pays to make
up the quota, to make up the revenue, to make
up the income from which is disbursed the
expense of the Government; but its effect is
not important in considering this question.
The point is whether legally it can he said with
truth that we preseive the constitutional uni-
foimity when by express legislation we say
that for a period of time imposts shall not be
uniform.
I voted for this bill before. I did so for a
double reason; first, from my extreme dispo-
siiion, as sincere as it was urged, to vote for
anything which I could properly vote for to
give aid to the people of Chicago ; and second,
i did it, as I stated at the time, feeling that
every constitutional objection which was only
a doubt ought to be lesolved in favor of a
measure like this. I should not reverse my
vote now, I should not vote to reconsider the
bill now but for the fact that reflection iu the
mean time has greatly increased the difficn't.y
that 1 find in seeing how this can be answered,
and in addition to that, with all the earnest
discussion the bill has received from its friends
to-day, we have not been instructed by a single
suggestion which seems to me to aid us iu dis-
posing of this objection.
Well now, Mr. President, if the bill be con-
stitutional. it must be so lor some reason. If
this objection is not well taken, there must be
an answer to it, and 1 insist that we are entitled
to that answer. I insist that I am entitled^ to
the answer, having voted for the bill, wishing
to vote for anything which I have a lightto
vote for to aid the people of Chicago. If I
find myself involved in a doubt of thissortand
theie be an answer to it, 1 insist that I am
entitled to it, and I say with entire good nature
to the Senator from Illinois, whom certainly 1
have no wish to incommode, that it is a very
slight liberty thata member of this body takes,
and one which ought not to expose him to a
charge of being wautitig iu a spirit of accom-
modation, to propound a serious but sincere
objection that he finds to a measure of this
sort and ask that he maybe relieved from the
doubt which exists m his mind. I make no
apology for it. I cannot presume any Senator
is so unreasonable as to suppose that an apology
ja due for anything of the sort*
