1872.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n
42d Cong....2d Bess.
Education—Mr. Herndon.
Ho..of Reps,
It did not become a law it is true, but why I
do not know. The present measure is a step
in the same direction, and the more dangerous
because the more subtle of the two, and more
odious because of its attempt to bring about
social equality between the races.
In all candor, Miv Speaker, I can but regard
this and other measures that have been pro-
posed or adopted as a part of a system of
efforts to increase and thereby perpetuate the
power o£ the dominant party. It may suc-
ceed in this behalf as cheap patriotism, cheap
philanthropy, and like tricks of the dema-
gogues may yet a while longer deceive the
people. But, sir, I believe the time is at hand
when the masses will consider and determine
questions like this for themselves; when the
flimsy vail with which demagogism covers
its deceitful face will be stripped away, and
when charlatans will pass for what they are
worth and no more.
Mr. Speaker, but yesterday one of those neat
little tricks was attempted in this House by the
introduction of a. resolution not only accepting
the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States
as valid and binding, but seeking to make the
Democratic side of the House stultify itself
by declaring that those amendments were
legally and airly ratified. For one, I believe
they were not so ratified. I believe, to the
contrary, that they became a part of the Con-
stitution by the practice of the most cruel
oppressions and the most damnable frauds.
Hence, I had no hesitancy in voting against
the resolution of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Peters,] and I regret that it received
the support of a solitary Democrat. The ob-
ject being to make a little cheap capital with
which to control the votes of the colored man,
and alarm the constituency of gentlemen on
the Republican side of the House—to alarm
that refined, intelligent, and highly cultivated
constituency between whom and others we
had the other day such mortifying contrasts
drawn—the object, I repeat, being to deceive
these two classes, will surely not succeed. The
superior intelligence of the latter class pre-
cludes the possibility of their being deceived,
and the colored man begins to see that his
best friends are not found among those who
make the loudest pretensions, that the charges
made by his pretended friends as to the pur-
poses of the Democratic party are not only
false, but basely hypocritical, and that he can-
not rely upon either the charity or fidelity of
his Republican ally, but must take care of
himself, and do his own thinking and his own
voting. I am sure he will not be gulled by
such transparent trickery as that attempted by
the resolution of yesterday.
Mr. Speaker, there are other objections to
the proposed legislation besides those that
have been presented ; but I will not trespass
upon the time of the House by presenting
them. We of the Opposition might have rested
our resistance upon the ground of the uncon-
stitutionality of the measure, but we have not
chosen to do so, but have pointed out the
gravest objections to its policy and its prac
tical workings.
In other and better days of the Republic it
would have sufficed to ask the friends of such
a proposition as this for the constitutional
warrant to support it. If this could not have
been produced, it would have required no fur-
ther resistance. On this occasion it has been
shown that there is an utter absence of author-
ity in the Constitution ; but regardless of this
fact, regardless of the fearful consequences
that may directly and remotely result from
this measure, it seems the fell spirit of party
will triumph, and that the bill will be matured
into a law, that it may be made an element
of power ia the coming struggle for political
supremacy. I will not attempt to characterize
this degeneracy ; but I will state that the party
that thus trifles with the.Constitution, and that
makes such sacrifices of principle for the sake
of perpetuating its power, must perish, or our
Republic must perish, and soon be numbered
with the things of the past, and remembered
only to be regretted, and pointed to as con-
clusive evidence that man is incapable of
self-government.
Education.
SPEECH OF HON. W. S. HERNDON,
OF TEXAS,
iu the House of Representatives,
February G, 1872.
The House resumed the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 1043) to establish an educational fund,
and to apply tit® proceeds of the public lands to tho
education of the people.
Mr. HERNDON. Mr. Speaker, I regard
this bill as one of more importance in its pres-
ent and future effect upon this country, than
any that will demand the consideration of this
House for years to come. It proposes to lay
the foundation of a great national system of
education that shall be commensurate with the
vast limits of this mighty Government, and
to create a fund, to begin with, of nothing less
than the net prooeeds of all the vast public
domain of this Republic. The total number
of acres of unappropriated lands belonging to
the Government are 1,387,782.209 84. These
lands at $1 25 per acre will aggregate the sum
of $1,734,665,262 30. Thus it is proposed to
vote an educational fund amounting, at the
minimum Government price oflands, to nearly
$1,800,000,000,. a sum nearly equal to our
nationaldebt. Although the amount involved
is so great, and the change likely to occur
in the condition of the couutry caused by it
so vital to every section of it,, yet the bill is
treated as one of small moment and hardly of
sufficient magnitude to invoke a discussion of
longer than ten minutes to the favored few
who are allowed under the rules to take part
in the discussion.
My first objection to the bill is, that there
is no authority in the Constitution to establish
a general national system of education. rlhat
the General Government may aid in the build-
ing up of individual institutions, or lend as-
sistance to corporations for particularpurposes,
which may prove of general benefit to the
country, has been so long recognized in prac-
tice that it is not regarded as an open question
at this day. But this bill has no such purpose
in view ; it is to lay the corner-stone of the'
mightiest fabric ever reared on this continent,
and add to this beginning corner in future until
the system of national education shall be com-
pleted. The objection is not to dispensing
aid for a particular institution or corporation
within a State or Territory requesting such
aid, but it is to the creation of a system of
education as a national system, independent
of the States. ,
I have searched in vain for a single line m
the Constitution granting such a power.^ It is
not claimed that any grant of power is con-
tained in the body of the Constitution itself,
but that the'preamble, which merely sets forth
the general objects ot the Constitution, author-
izes such a measure. When driven out of
the Constitution itself, the supporters of the
bill take shelter under the preamble to the
Constitution ; but this cannot afford them pro-
tection and safety. Every line of the preamble
as well as the Constitution has been passed
upon by the highest judicial tribunals of the
country, and has received a definite legal
meaningand significance from those expound-
ers of that instrument, whose unreversed
judgment is directly against such an interpre-
tation. The preamble may .be invoked to aid
in the interpretation of any doubtful provision
of the Constitution, but not as containing a
power or grant of authority independent of the
body of the Constitution itself. The Consti-
tution is the measure and exact limit of every
law enacted thereunder. By this instrument
every act is tested, and if no authority is f'oiind
in it authorizing an act, such law is void, how-
ever beneficial the law proposed might prove
to the country.
Inasmuch as I have been unable to find any
provision in the Constitution, or anything in
the preamble thereof, authorizing the creation
of such a system of national education, I con-
clude that none such was intended; and there-
fore, without the further elaboration of this
branch of the subject, which is familiar to the
country, pass to the next objection.
The belief that this bill was unconstitutional
would be quite sufficient authority for me to
oppose it, but I have other reasons that would
determine my action, if the Constitution even
provided for. such a system. Every State has
adopted a system of education, which at least
has the merit of being determined and operated
by its own constituted authorities. A national
system, if it has any merit or force, must be uni-
form, and if dissimilar to the systems adopted
by the States, will conflict with them to the
extent of the difference between_ the two.
That this conflict will arise is inevitable, be-
cause hardly any two States have adopted like
systems; therefore we must have two different
systems within the same State, or one must
yield to the other; and as the stronger rarely
ever surrenders to the weaker, therefore the
States must yield to the national Government.
And whatever defects or whatever else this
national system may have, it will surely have
power, and power has never failed to assert
itself sooner or later. The result, therefore,
will be that a national system of education
once commenced, with the largest capital ever
witlded by such an institution, with the
mightiest power on this hemisphere to sustain
it, will sooner or later swallow up all State
systems and institutions of learning, and be-
come the sole educator of coming generations
on this continent.
Again, a national system of education, for
consistency, must adopt a uniform system of
text books. This will be indispensable, and
here will bo the fountain from which the bitter
waters will flow, and of which the youth of the
country must drink. Who are to prepare this
system? Will they be partisans in politics, or
fanatics in religion ? Are they to have a de-
nominational bias or political prejudice, dis-
criminating as to classes in the same county
or are they to ignore all these, and teach the
facts of history, science, and religion ? It is
plain that a system of text books mighty be
adopted that would gradually warp and im-
perceptibly change the youthful mind from all
its former teachings, and thus array the son
against the father, and the daughter against
the mother, whatever religious or political
belief the parents may have entertained them-
selves, and desired their children to adopt.
If such a result should be effected, and it is
not improbable, but almost inevitable, it can
well be imagined the strife and difficulties that
such a state of things would produce through-
out the country. No opposition is-so fierce
as that of religious sects, and no differences
are so hard to adjust as those between teach-
ers wedded to their own systems. Such a sys-
tem would not foster and encourage the sound
education of the mind, but_ would stimulate
those faculties and propensities that never tail,
unchecked, to lead to a superficial ^training.
And such a system in the hands of a domi-
nant party, whose inclinations might lead it to
try the experiment, could so far influence and
bias the minds of the youth at school as
