1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
186S
eration of the bill relating to the shipping com-
missioners.
The SPEAKER. If the other measure, that
reported by the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Conger,] were disposed of, the Chair
would then recognize the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Lynch,] under the regular call
cf the committee. The gentleman from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Coxger,] thinking that the bill in
relation to the shipping commissioners would
tftke a longer time than the morning hour
would admit of, desires that some special time
be fixed for its consideration, as was suggested
yesterday by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wood.]
shipping commissioners.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (H, 11. No. 2044) to authorize the appoint-
ment of shipping commissioners by the several
circuit courts of the United States, to super-
intend the shipping and discharge of seamen
engaged in merchant ships belonging to the
United States, and for the further protection
of seamen.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to make a propo-
sition to the House with regard to the further
consideration of this'bill. The Committee on
Commerce have several important bills which
it is desirable they shall have an opportunity
of presenting to the House ; and as the bill
now pending may take up the entire morning
hour allotted to the committee, I ask the House
to agree that it be made a special order, to the
exclusion of all other orders, this day two
weeks, after half past one o'clock.
Mr. WOOD. If that arrangement is agreed
to, will this bill, when it comes up as a special
order, take precedence of every other order?
The SPEAKER. It will. As the bill now
stands, it is entitled to hold precedence in the
morning hour.
Mr. RANDALL. Would not the arrange-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Conger] interfere with every special
order which has heretofore been made ?
The SPEAKER. Undoubtedly it would to
the extent of the day for which it is made a
special order. It devotes that day absolutely to
this bill. It does not run over any other day.
Mr. WOOD. I hope the order will be made.
We want time to examine the bill and under-
stand it.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
arrangement proposed by the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. UoxgerY]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is it for one
day only?
The SPEAKER. For one day only.
Mr. CONGER. I cannot consent to the
consideration of the bill being cut off with the
termination of the day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Cogger] can include, as part
of the arrangement, that it shall be understood
that the previous question shall be seconded
at half past four o'clock.
Mr. RANDALL. I shall object to that.
That limitation would prevent a full consider-
ation of the bill.
Mr. HQLMAN. It will allow four hours for
discussion.
Mr. CONGER. I cannot consent that this
bill shall be in any worse position than it is
now.
The SPEAKER. There are two ways m
which the object of the gentleman can be
attained. The arrangement which has now
been proposed can be made by unanimous
consent; or the gentleman can recommit his
bill and enter a motion to reconsider, and then
take a favorable time for calling up the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Michigan, that he enter a motion
to reconsider, with the understanding that the
bill will not be called up for two weeks.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman, in that
case, will of course have to consult somewhat
the state of business in the House, and will
have to confer with the Chair as to the proper
time for calling up the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. What is the objection to
proceeding with the consideration of the bill
at this time?
Mr. CONGER. Because there are various
other matters which the Committee on Com-
merce desire to report to the House, and which
require to be disposed of.
Mr. RANDALL. So far as I am concerned,
I withdraw any objection to the proposed
arrangement.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again sub-
mit the proposition : that the pending bill be
made a special order for this day two weeks,
at half past one o'clock, to the exclusion of
all other orders, and that at half past four
o'clock the previous question shall be consid-
ered as operating. The bill will be taken up
in the same position as it is now. Yesterday
it was being read by sections for amendment,
as in Committee of the Whole, and the under-
standing will be that when resumed the con-
sideration of the bill be proceeded with in the
same way.
Mr. WOOD. Does that limit the time
allowed each member for debate ?
The SPEAKER. It does not. Some ar-
rangement may be made, if the House chooses,
as to the length of the speeches.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suggest that
the speeches be limited to five minutes.
Mr. WOOD. I sliall object to that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It would not
be fair that three hours being allowed for
debate three members should be allowed to
occupy the whole time. Let there be a limita-
tion at least to ten minutes. That would let
in some twenty members.
Mr. KING. I object to limiting the discus-
sion to two hours.
The SPEAKER. The proposition is to
allow three hours, or, including one hour after
the previous question is seconded, four hours.
Of course this arrangement, the Chair will state,
does not preclude the House, if it shall so
choose, from sustaining the demand for the
previous question before half past four.
Mr. CONGER. But suppose the bill is
not read through by sections when that hour
arrives?
The SPEAKER. Nevertheless, if this
arrangement is made, the previous question
will operate at half past- four o'clock on that
day.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will it
be in order at any time during the three hours
the bill is under consideration on that day to
move to lay it on the table?
The SPEAKE R. It undoubtedly would be.
Mr. CONGEli. With every desire to ac-
commodate my colleagues on the Committee
on Commerce, and to accommodate the com-
mittee, for the purpose of reporting bills in
which I know the House is largely interested,
I think that perhaps it will be safer to ask the
House to give our committee an extra morn-
ing hour 
Mr. SAWYER. At some future time.
Mr. CONGER. Thau to throw this bill over
to some future day.
Mr. PETERS. You will not get the extra
morning hour ; you may be sure of that.
The SPEAKER. It would require unani-
mous consent, unless made under a suspen-
sion of the rules. The Chair will again state
the proposition as he understands it, and then
ask for objections, if any. The proposition is
that the further consideration of this bill be
postponed for two weeks from to-day, and that
at half past one o'clock on that day it shall be
the special order to the exclusion of all other
orders, and that at half past four o'clock on
that day, unless sooner ordered, the previous
question shall be operative. 1s there objec-
tion to the proposed arrangement?
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. CONGER moved to reconsider the order
just made; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not take
out of the morning hour the ten minutes'con-
sumed in making this arrangement. The
morning hour will be regarded as beginning at
half past twelve o'clock.
asiatic commerce,
Mr. LYNCH, from the Committee on Com-
merce, repot ted back, with amendments, House
bill No. 458, to facilitate commerce between
the United States and China, Japan, and the
countries of Asia.
The amendments, being to add names to the
list of corporators, and to authorize an office
at San Francisco as well as at New York, were
agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was read. The first
section creates Robert B. Van Valkenburgh,
Benjamin Eggleston, Lawrence B. Cushing,
R. M. Bishop, James F. Wilson, John R. Hall,
Elisha E. Rice, Thomas A. Scott, I. E. Gates,
George B. Upton, Israel S. Spencer, P. Mc-
Donald Collins, James Y. Ashton, John V.
Farwell, John B. Cogle, -A. A. Low, J. D.
Cameron, W. T. Walters, Benjamin Flint,
George E. Lane, Richard B. Irwin, Frederick
E. Woodbridge, and John R. Waller, and such
other persons as may be associated with them,
and their successors, a body politic and cor-
porate, by the name, style, and title of the
Asiatic Commercial Company, and provides
that by that name they shall have perpetual
succession, and shall be able to sue and be
sued, plead and be impleaded, defend and bo
defended, in all courts of law and equity in
the United States, and may make and have a
common seal; and that the said company shall
have the right to purchase, sell, ship, trans-
port, and deal in the goods, wares, merchan-
dise, and products of any of the countries
herein named, with power to purchase, hold,
and convey all such real and personal estate
and property as the business of the said cor-
poration may from time to time require, and to
do and perform all acts and things necessary
to carry the provisions of this act into effect.
The second section provides that the said
corporation, in connection with the aforesaid
business, may, under the authority ot^ the
Governments of China_, Japan, and of the
other countries of Asia, engage in public
works which may be necessary to develop and
increase the business and commerce thereof,
and to facilitate commerce between them and
the United States, and for that purpose may
issue its bonds or other obligations, secured
by a pledge or mortgage of its property and
franchises; and that the said company shall
have power to make and issue all promissory
notes, bills of exchange, drafts, or other obliga-
tions which may be necessary or convenient
in the transactions of its business, and which
may be authorized by the board ot directors ;
provided that no such notes, bills, drafts, or
other obligations shall be issued, passed, or
legally circulated as currency in any part of
the United States.
The third section provides that the capital
stock of said corporation shall be $5,000,000,
to be divided into shares of $100 each, and
said shares of stock shall be personal prop-
erty, transferable on the books of the company
only ; and that said capital stock may be in-
creased from time to time as may be necessary
for the general purposes of said company.
The fourth section provides that the said
company shall have power to make such by-
laws as it may deem proper for the manage-
ment of the business and disposition of the
property and estate of the company, the term
of office and duties of its officers and servants,
and to carry out the general objects of the
corporation, and to amend or repeal the same
at pleasure ; provided that such by-laws shall
not conflict with any law of the United States.
