20
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 6,
Ho. op Reps.
Education—Mr, JSerndon.
42b Cong....2d Sess.
within a few years to be able with these and
their influence to perpetuate its power; and
once fairly seated in power, with such a con-
trolling influence, might control the destinies
of the country almost at will.
Bat there is another view that may be taken
of such a national system, which, if possible,
wiil render it still more objectionable; and
that is, the vast increase of official patronage
that it would give the appointing power.
This has always been a source of jealousy in
this Government, and the increase of offices
is watched with constant suspicion ; because,
"to the victors belong the spoils" is an
accepted doctrine, and has and will be used
to increase personal popularity with the
Executive and Department officers. In the
Federal Government all officers that operate
it, except members of Congress, the Presi-
dent and Vice President, are appointed, and
it is quite natural that those will be appointed
only who are favorable to the Administration.
On the present basis of population there
are something over nine million pupils within
the scholastic age in the thirty-eight millions
people of the United States, and if one
teacher is used for each twenty-five scholars,
it will require three hundred and sixty thou-
sand teachers, to say nothing of principals
and superintendents, which would increase the
number fifteen thousand more. This' army of
officials, operating in every hamlet and village
of the entire country, coming in direct contact
with the people, and all being appointed of
one political party, would wield an irresistible
force for the party that sustained them. This
army alone could and would wield the desti-
nies of the country in a few years ; for legisla-
tion that would be deficient in giving power,
would at once be changed and molded to
favor the grand system that gave life to the
party. The party that first brought this force
into being would afterward be nurtured and
built up by it.
If this horde of officials are added to the
number that now swarm throughout the land,
who can doubt that it would prove a dangerous
experiment to call such a power into being?
Who can doubt that the temptation would not
be too great for those m power to resist?
Neither political party in this country ought
to desire to try such an experiment. Power
often changes sides ; it might suddenly change
while such a system was being inauguiated,
and the party that now holdsthe reins of power
would then become the party of opposition.
I would not be willing to trust any party with
such a power, whether it be the present domi-
nant party, or that to which I have the honor
to belong; it would be equally dangerous to
the peace and happiness of the country in the
hands of either, or any other political party,
for all parties are mortal and love power.
But if we consider this bill under a still dif-
ferent view, losing sight of the faet that it is
intended to be the foundation of a great na-
tional system of education, and one of the
chief elements of power m the hands of the
dominant party to centralize and consolidate
all political powers exercised by the States
and people in the General Government, and
to aid in perpetuating its power in the country,
still the provisions of the bill itself, considered
specifically and alone, are so obnoxious that I
feel constrained to oppose the measure. There
is no limit in the bill fixing any period within
which the sales of the public lands shall be
completed and the expenses attending the
realizing of the proceeds from this source shall
cease.
What age or period in the history of this
couutry will arrive before all the public lands
are put into market and the net proceeds
paid into the Treasury? The statistical re-
ports show that there are 1,387,732.209.84
acres of public domain unappropriated and
subject to this object. The last fiscal year
2.159,515 acres were disposed of, and the
whole sum realized therefrom, including loca-
tions, scrip, land-warrants, &c., amounted to
$3,663,51-3 90 in cash ; and the cost of this
department for the present fiscal year reaches
the sum of $423,575. Now, if the sales for
last year are taken as a standard for the number
of acres that may annually be disposed of ill
future, and we divide the whole public domain
by this sum, itwill be found that it will require
considerably over six hundred years to finish
the sale of these lands.
Again, if the cost attending the sales of
public lands for the last year is assumed as a
proper standard, to wit, $423,575 for the
sale of 2,159,515 acres, realizing the sum
of $3,663,513 90, it will be found that it will
cost about fifteen per cent, to put these lands
into market; and taking the minimum Gov-
ernment price for lands, $1 25 per acre on
1,387,732,209.84 acres, it will amount to the
sum of $1,734,665,562 30. Apply this cost
for sales at fifteen per cent., and itwill be
found that the total cost of putting all these
lands into market will amount to $260,199,-
789 34. The great length of time required to
complete the sales, over six hundred years,
and the extraordinary cost of over two hun-
dred and sixty millions of money to realize
this fund, afford to my mind the most serious
objections to such an experiment.
But a still more serious objection may be
urged, if it be possible to make one more so
than the last; that is, if you take the sales of
last year as a standard, to wit, $3,663,513 90,
and deduct the annual cost and expenses of
marketing as contemplated in the bill, it will
leave $3,239,938 90 ,• and then from this sum
deductthecommissions and expenses for hand-
ling the same in distribution, say $239-,938 90,
which will be a small sum, and a balance will
be left for distribution amounting to $3,000,000.
This sum under the bill is to be distributed pro
rata among the several States and Territories
according to the population thereof upon cer-
tain conditions therein mentioned. The total
population of the United States aggregates
38,113,253, and if you take the scholastic sta-
tistics of the District of Columbia, the only
statistical information now furnished for 1870
exhibiting the fact, wbieh shows that there are
131,682 people, and that within the scholastic
age there are 31,671 pupils within the District,
it will be found that about twenty-seven per
cent, of the population are within the scholas-
tic age. Apply this rule to the total popula-
tion, and it will be found that there are over
nine million pupils of scholastic age to be
benefited by this fund in the Union.
Now,'if the entire sum of $3,000,000, the
amount above ascertained for annual distri-
bution among the States, be divided equally
among all the pupils in the Government, it
will be seen that the share of each scholar will
be thirty-three and a third cents per annum.
And this is rather an over-estimate, because if
the teachers are to be remunerated out of this
fund, it will require at least $500,000 to pay
them living-wages, to say nothing of perqui-
sites and extras, which would reduce the sum
to perhaps not more than twenty-five cents per
scholar annually. But if the estimate of the
gentleman from Massachusetts '[Mr. Hoar]
• be correct, (and he has studied this subject
much longer than myself,) there will be only
about one million for distribution annually,
which would reduce the amount to be received
by each scholar to about eleven cents annually.
And if you will consider the census tables,
showing how the population of the United
States is distributed, it will be further seen
that the South would not receive more than
one fourth part of the amount distributed.
Hence, it must be evident to every thinking
mind that the real object of this bill is not in
fact to stimulate education in the States and
Territories, and especially is not intended to
give any particular advantage to the South.
The hmount to be received is so small that it
could actually work no perceptible benefit to
the country. At least if this sum and much
more were added to it, for distribution, itwould
be a poor compensation indeed for the dangers
incident to such a system. The great benefit
to be derived from it is not what it purports
to be. It would keep in the field a vast mul-
titude of officials who would lose no oppor-
tunity to advocate the system and bless the
party that gave them office, and this influence
in the elections would prove to be of immense
importance to the party holding the appoint-
ments and desiring election.
The conditions imposed by this bill on the
8tates and Territories, before they are allowed
to participate in the fund, are so onerous and
subversive of the rights and the dignity of the
States, that it seems this alorte Would tie suffi-
cient to condemn the measure with every lover
of liberty and the equality o£ the States.
The eleventh section reads:
That in case any State or 'Territory shall misapply,
or allow to be misapplied, or in any manner appro-
priated or used, other than for the purposes herein
required, the funds, or any part thereof, received un-
der the provisions of this act, or shall fail to com-
ply with the conditions herein prescribed,or to report
as herein provided, through its proper officers,thedis-
position thereof, sueh State orTerritory shall forfeit
its right to any subsequent apportionment, by virtu©
hereof, until the full amount so misapplied, lost, or
misappropriated, eho.ll have been replaced by such
State or Territory,and applied as herein required,
and until sueh Teport shall have been made, and aii
apportionments so forfeited and withheld shall be
added to and become part of the principal of the
educational fund hereby ercated, and the officer or
officers, person or persons, so misapplying, misap-
propriating, squandering, or embezzling snch funds,
or knowingly consenting thereto, shall be deemed
guilty of a felony, and upon conviction thereof
shall be punished by fine in double the amount so
misapplied, misappropriated, squandered, or em-
bezzled, or by imprisonment not less than one nor
more than three years, or by both such fine and
imprisonment, in the discretion of the court: Pro-
vided, That the conditions herein prescribed may
be subject to such modification or addition as Con-
gress may hereafter deem necessary for the better
accomplishment of'the purposes of this act.
And section twelve reads:
That the circuit courts of the United States shall
have exclusive jurisdiction of all offenses commit-
ted against the provisions of this act, and shall have
power and authority, by the proper writ, to compel
the performance of the "duties herein required, by
any officer herein mentioned, and to restrain any
undue and improper performance of Bueh duties.
By sections four, six, seven, and nine, certain
duties and rules are prescribed to the States
and Territories, the failure to perform which,
or any part thereof, works a forfeiture to such
State or Territory, by section eleven, of all
interest in such fund. But it does more ; it
denounces aa felons all officers or persons " so
misapplying, misappropriating, squandering,
or embezzling such funds or knowingly con-
senting thereto," and erects a tribunal for the
trial of such felons, and clothes it with extra-
ordinary power to "restrain" or "compel"
the performance of such duties.
The State, to entitle itself to this fund, must
at once remodel its institutions to correspond
with the new rules prescribed by this act; and
if it fails to comply it cannot be intrusted with
the fund, but it is lost to such State, and is
divided among the others that do comply.
What right, I ask, has the General Govern-
ment to prescribe such conditions; and can it
withhold the fund if all the conditions are not
complied with ? The bill provides that the
annual net proceeds of the lands sold shall be
divided pro rata among the States and Terri-
tories and the District of Columbia, according
to the population of each,'and the sum to which
each is entitled shall be set apart in the Treas-
ury. How was this public domain obtained by
the General Government? Did not the States
furnish their share of the blood and treasure
that procured it? Was not a large portion of
