1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73
a recess of Congress from Thursday, the 21st
instant, to Monday, the 8th day of January
next, at twelve o'clock noon.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed resolutions, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested, pro-
viding that there be printed for the use of the
Comptroller of the Currency two' thousand
copies of his last annual report, and that there
be printed for the use of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue two thousand additional
copies of his report, to be bound, and five hun-
dred additional copies with paper covers.
expenses of geneva, etc., commission.
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported back House bill No.
487, making appropriations for expenses that
may be incurred under articles one to nine,
inclusive, of the treaty between the United
States and Great Britain, concluded at Wash-
ington May 8, 1871, with a recommendation
that the same be passed without amendment.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that the sum of $250,000 shall
be appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to enable
the President to fulfill the stipulations con-
tained in the first, second, third, fourth, fifth,
sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth articles of the
treaty between the United States and Great
Britain, signed on the 8th day of May, 1871,
in relation to the tribunal of arbitration at
Geneva. The second section provides that
the sum hereby appropriated, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, shall be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary
of State, with the approval of the President
of the United States.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the
point of order that this bill must go to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to make an explana-
tion of this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will waive my
point of order for the present, reserving it,
however, for the proper time.
Mr. BANKS. This bill must, by a single
objection, be first considered in the Committee
of the Whole; but it is not required by any
rule of this House to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. It has been referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and that
committee is fully competent to consider and
report it to the House. As it is an appropri-
ation bill, it is necessary that it shall receive
its first consideration in the Committee of the
Whole, should any member object to its con-
sideration in the House.
I desire to say that the Committee on For-
eign Affairs have unanimously agreed to report
this bill to the House and recommend that it
be passed, only one member of the committee
being absent from the committee when that
resolution was taken. But we do not wish it
to be understood that we press immediate
action upon this bill, if there be any objection
to it, with a view of preventing the most full
discussion upon the subject of the treaty. But
the appropriation being absolutely necessary
at once, as the Geneva commission must enter
upon its duties upon Saturday of this week, it
has been supposed by the members of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs that the House would
be willing to waive discussion upon this ques-
tion if the other provisions of the treaty could
be taken up and fully discussed some time
hereafter. According to the terms of the
treaty, the case on the part of the Government
of the United States is to be presented on Sat-
urday of this week ; and in four months there-
after the presentation of the counter case on
the part of the Government of the United
States, that is, the argument against the case
presented by England, must also be filed.
The commission is waiting to enter upon its
duties, and an appropriation of money is neces-
sary for that purpose. Inasmuch as the com-
mission has been appointed, and cannot enter
upon its duties without further action by Con-
gress, it was supposed by the Committee on
Foreign Affairs that the House would be will-
ing at the proper time to make this appropria-
tion in order that the commission might go to
work according to the terms of the treaty, re-
serving to themselves full opportunity to enter
into a discussion of the other provisions of the
treaty. I have said to my colleague who rep-
resents the Essex district of the State of Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] and who is inter-
ested in some of the questions presented by the
treaty, that we did not intend to prevent the
fullest discussion upon the merits of the treaty
at large. And inasmuch as he is interested
chiefly in the subject of the fisheries, he has
signified to me his willingness to consent to
the appropriations that are necessary, if he
may have it understood that there shall here-
after be a discussion upon the subject of the
fisheries.
But what I have to propose is, that if the
House will agree that this question may be
called up on Tuesday next, to be considered
in Committee of the Whole, I will consent to
postpone it until that time; or, if there shall
be objection, we may call it up on Monday
under a suspension of the rules. In accord-
ance, however, with a suggestion of my col-
league on the committee, [Mr. Amblek,] inas-
much as the bill is the unanimous report of
the committee, I will ask the consent of the
House that it may be considered now, making
at the same time the declaration that, upon the
other subjects embraced in the treaty, there
will be after the holiday recess a full oppor-
tunity given to members of the House for the
freest discussion ofthe provisions of the treaty.
The principal feature of the treaty is in regard
to the fisheries : and although the bill on that
subject is in print, it will not be reported by
the committee until after the reassembling of
Congress on the 8th of January; and we shall
then make no objection to devoting to the
discussion of that question as much time as
the House may choose to allow. If there be
no objection, I will ask that the bill may be
acted upon at this time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
make the point of order that this bill ought to
go to the Committee on Appropriations.
The SPEAKER. Under what rule?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. For the reason
that it contains an appropriation, and under
the general understanding of the House that
appropriations are to go to that committee for
their action.
The SPEAKER. There is no rule of the
House requiring that because a bill appro-
priates money it must go to the Committee on
Appropriations. The rule defining the duties
of that committee requires that it shall report
the regular appropriation bills which are pro-
vided for by law; and it, of course, requires
that the committee shall report upon every
proposition referred to it. But the rule does
not require that a bill reported from another
committee shall, merely because it contains
an appropriation of money, go to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. It does require
that every such bill, if there be a single objec-
tion to its consideration in the House, shall
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. Bat there is nothing in the
rule, as the Chair apprehends, that requires a
bill containing an appropriation to go neces-
sarily to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. SC0F1ELD. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. L. MYERS. I hope that the motion
will not prevail, because the bill has already
been referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. BANKS. This subject has been ex-
pressly referred, by order of the House, to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think it was inadvert-
ently referred. The intention of the House
always is to refer such appropriation bills to
the proper committee, so that we may have
uniform action.
Mr. BANKS. The bill has been referred
to the proper committee. It cannot be re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations
under the general rule, because the rule defin-
ing the duties of the Committee on Appropri-
ations expressly prohibits that committee from
considering an appropriation under a treaty,
except under certain conditions. Sueh an ap-
propriation cannot be considered by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations under the general
authority conferred upon that committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This is not one of
the annual appropriation bills which the rule
contemplates shall be reported by the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
Mr. BANKS. Invariably, according to the
custom of the House, where an appropriation
is called for by a treaty, and the treaty has
been referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, that committee has been regarded as
having jurisdiction of the subject of the appro-
priation.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
make a single suggestion. I do not profess to
be very familiar with the practice of the House
in this direction; but I do desire to suggest
that if the Committee on Appropriations are
to have any general intelligent supervision of
the appropriations of the Government we must
not permit each committee of the House—the
Committee on Military Affairs, on Naval Af-
fairs, on Foreign Affairs, on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, or any other committee—to
bring in their bills making appropriations for
these respective departments of the Govern-
ment without the knowledge or consent of the
Committee on Appropriations.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has misunderstood the Chair. The regular
appropriation bills (which include, of course,
those providing for the support of the Navy,
the Army, the Post Office Department, &c.)
are by the rule of the House expressly confided
to the jurisdiction of the Committee on Appro-
priations. The ruling of the Chair was, that a
bill, simply because, to meet an emergency or
an extraordinary case, it contains an appropri-
ation, does not for that reason necessarily go,
upon a point of order, to the Committee on
Appropriations. Should the Post Office Com-
mittee report the Post Office appropriation
bill the Chair, on the point of order, would
send it to the Appropriation Committee, but
he could not sustain the point of order on anj'
bill coming up as this does, merely because it
contains an appropriation.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I do not desire or intend to make any point
of order, but simply to call the attention of
the House to the importance of settling now
what our practice shall be in this regard. For
instance, a bill is ready to be introduced appro-
priating $5,000,000 for the purpose of public
buildings in the city of Chicago. If that bill
be put on its passage, appropriating $7,000,000,
and that money is paid out of the Treasury
without reference to the Committee on Appro-
priations, then that committee cannot in any
sense be held responsible for the appropria-
tion of such large sums of money.
I have no doubt at all that the provisions of
this bill ought to be considered by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, of which the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] is chair-
man. It ought to be acted on in the House as
coming from his committee. But I suggest
the consular and diplomatic appropriation bill
is one of the regular appropriation bills, pro-
viding the moneys to be paid out for our for-
eign service. This is a large item connected
with pur foreign service, and I think it would
be better to leave it to the appropriate com-
mittee which has charge, under the rules, of
the appropriations of money from the Treas
ury. The Committee on Appropriations can
