1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
42b Cong....2d'Sess.
Disposition of Public Lands—Mr. Dunnell.
Ho. of Reps.
it purchased with funds taken from the com-
mon Treasury of the country, money that was
wrung by taxation from the people of the
several States? And is it not true that every
State holds an interest in this public domain ?
The moment that a pro rata division is made
of such a common fund, and set apart in the
Treasury to each State, that moment, the sev-
eral States take a special property in the sev-
eral amounts set off to them. They do so
because the sums so set off belong to them ;
it is the amount that each is entitled to; it
is the common share of each in a common
fund, fixed and determined by the General
Government, that holds it as a trust for the 1
benefit of all. If this be true, by what prin-
ciple of law can the General Government
deny to or declare the sum to which any
State may be entitled forfeited, and give the
sum so declared forfeited to the other States ?
Such action would be manifest injustice to
the State declared to have forfeited its share,
and it would be equal injustice to the other
States, for under our system of equal rights
to the several States injustice to one must
be injustice to all, for it would be a viola-
tion of a fundamental principle common to
all. But if this would be the case while the
share of: any State was set off to it, though
still in the Treasury, how much more so would
it be after this fund was actually delivered to
and taken into possession by a State!
This bill asserts its right to not only pre-
scribe the conditionsupon which the fund may
be received by a State, but goes further and
declares the right to control the fund in the
hands of the officers of the State after the same
has been, reduced to possession. I submit this
might be done by the General Government
where it makes a pure donation to an individual
or corporation. But this presents a case
wholly different. This is not a pure donation.
The General Government only delivers to the
State that which belongs to it, its pro rata
share of what was before a common fund, and
the instant that such share is set apart in a
common treasury, or delivered to such State,
the General Government loses all future and
further control- over the fund. It not only
loses control over the fund, because it ceases
to have any property or interest it, but for the
further reason that it has no right to interfere
with the local institutions of a State.
And for the improper disposition of such
fund in any of the ways prescribed by the
officers of a State, or knowing the same to be
done, notwithstanding the fund belongs ex-
clusively to the State, and the General Gov-
ernment has ceased to have any interest therein,
and has therefore lost all jurisdiction over the
subject-matter and1 the parties connected there-
with, still the bill seeks to give the General
Government not concurrent but exclusive
jurisdiction over the Legislatures of the States
and the individual officers committing such
supposed offense. And it actually goes so far
as to empower the Federal courts to compel
even the officers of a State, or to restrain them
in the performance of a supposed or prescribed
duty concerning such fund received, if they
should-hold such1 fund, although by legislative
act of a State, and not apply it as directed.
Thus, in total disregard of the rights of the
States and local jurisdiction of the State courts,
the Federal Government^ under this bill, would
take exclusive jurisdiction of State officers
who might be charged with offenses committed
exclusively against the laws of the State, and
to which they would alone be amenable within
the State, and try and punish the same. I
submit that if the General Government can be
authorized under the Constitution to advance
thus far, then all the interpretations heretofore
given to that instrument are delusive and false.
1 cannot imagine any right that a State could
safely claim; as such; under the General Gov-
ernment, if Congress can exercise such vast
powers.
It is estimated that about seventy-eight mil-
lion acres of public lands have already been
donated to a few of the States for purposes of
education, and still no notice of this is taken
in the bill; and it is in fact intended by it to
give those States already having received sev-
enty-eight million acres just as much as if they
had received no lands at all. This would be
unjust toother States who have received none.
Again, the pro rata division is to be made on
the basis of the census of every ten years.
This will give the eastern States undue advan-
tage, because in the eastern and northeastern
parts of the Union the increase of population
is from twenty to fifty per cent., while in the
West and Southwest from one hundred to two
hundred and thirty-nine per cent. This must
work great injustice; the fund cannot be equal-
ized on this basis.
I will not enter into a discussion of what
the southern States under Democratic rule
have done for education, to refute the charges
made against them. This I leave to others.
But for Texas the Democratic party provided
liberally for common schools in every one
of her several constitutions. She set apart
$5,000,000 for this purpose, and four leagues
of land to each county in the State, amount-
ing to nearly three million acres of land yet
unsold, and worth at least ten million dollars.
Besides this the Radical State administration
is wringing from the people nearly three mil-
lion dollars per annum taxes for school
purposes alone, and the school system there
is recognized as a political machine, a nursery
for non-resident partisan officials, all of whom,
at the cost of their official heads, must advo-
cate the party in, power. Nor will I argue
the benefits arising from donating lands to
stimulate certain industries, the improve-
ment of navigation, and the building up of
institutions of learning with special objects
for public good. Nor, again, the authority for,
or the wisdom of voting one hundred and
thirty five million acres of public lands to
the several Pacific railroads, and the unpre-
cedented manner in which this was done. Nor
do I discuss the benefit of reserving all these
lands for actual settlement of the native or
foreigner that may come to us for a home,
or the wisdom of selling all the lands imme-
diately, cutting off the immense expense and
applying' the proceeds to the public debt.
Nor will I attempt to discuss the manifest
intention of this bill to establish and sustain
social'equality between the races in tho schools
at the South, which would render it so obnox-
ious that the great body of the people there
would prefer no school at all rather than sub-
mit to such degradation under the forms of
law. But I treat these public lands in the light
of so much money, as though over seventeen
hundred millions of money were being collected
by taxation and voted away. If this bill pro-
posed to vote over seventeen hundred millions
of money for the establishment of a national
system, but few of its present_ supporters
would dare favor it. Yet there is no differ-
ence in principle. We owe over twenty-three
hundred millions of debt,- and these lands are
viewed as a basis of credit, a kind of guarantee
for its payment, and when swept away the one
resource left is taxation. I am a lover of
education, and will go as far as any one, con-
sistent with the rights of the people and States
within this Government, to secure a sound edu-
cation to the entire population of the whole
country.
These are some of the many reasons that
cause me to vote against this measure. I look
upon the bill as one of the important steps in
the general plan of consolidation of all the
powers reserved .to .the States and people in
the General Government, and as closely con-
nected with that other bill brought forward at
this session to authorize the General Govern-
ment to purchase all the telegraph lines in the
country and operate them under and as a part
of the post office system at a cost of at least
one hundred millions of money and an in-
crease of about sixty thousand more officials
in the Government. Thus step by step are
we as a nation marching forward, breaking
overall conventionalities, guarantees, checks,
restraints, and ancient land-marks, and mov-
ing to a central point doubtless fixed and
determined upon by the dominant party, who
are not acting at random,but with a wise fore-
sight to accomplish a given purpose. When
the great fundamental principles of this Gov-
ernment are subverted and changed to a con-
solidated power, what are presented as stag-
gering difficulties now, will vanish like mists
before the rising sun then. States will then
complain in vain of violated rights; coordinate
departments of Government will demand
without redress freedom in their respective
spheres; the civil tribunals of the land will
bow with reverence to military dictation, and
the smothered voice of the people at elections
will no longer disturb the repose of those in
power.
A few regiments with a park of artillery will
be sufficient to quiet the restless and tmbulent,
and teach them that power has fled from the
people and the States and found a resting-
place in the General Government. Wc are a
great nation, prosperous beyond any earthly
power; our resources are almost without limit;
and while in this favored condition ought we
not to pause, and trace the steps to our great-
ness? We have already violated some of
the fundamental principles upon which this
mighty structure is built; how many more can
we disregard without checking our prosperity?
The wisdom of the past ought to remind us
that the greatest nationalities of former ages
did not begin to crumble to ruins until they
became wealthy, wise in their own conceit,
and had achieved a world-wide renown.
While we march inside of the principles of
the Constitution and regard it as the sacred
'charter of our liberties, we will have union,
vigor, patriotism, and ever-increasing wealth,
power, and wisdom. But in the day that we
conquer all our enemies without, and crush
all political parlies opposed to the one domi-
nant party within, that day will witness the
Constitution no longer respccted, and the
hand-writing on the wall will remind us that
the day of our prosperity is gone, and that we
too have been weighed in tho balances.
Disposition of the Public Lands.
SPEECH OF HON. MARK H. DUNNELL,
■ of minnesota,
In the House of Representatives,
February 3, 1872.
The House having met for debate as in Committeo
of the Whole on the State of the Union-—
Mr. DUNNELL said:
Mr. Speaker : I desire to ask the attention
of the House to some views which 1 entertain
upon the question of the public lauds. How the
public lands shall be disposed of, and how they
may be most wisely managed, constitute, to
my mind, a question of very great importance.
It is important not only to the Government,
but also to the people. The Government is
interested in a proper management of these
lands, and in their proper disposition. What-
ever is for the interest of the Government will,
rightly considered, prove to be also for the
interest of t he people.
- This question, I say, is notonly one or inter-
est at the present time, attracting more than
ordinary attention, but it has also been an
