1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3657
amount seized by the revenue-cutters during
the last fiscal year.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannotanswer
the last question. In answer to the first, I will
•say that this is the entire appropriation. Our
revenue marine has been reorganized within
the past few years. We have now six revenue-
cutters on the lakes, one at Puget sound, one
at San Francisco, and thirty-one on the Atlan-
tic coast, making in all thirty-nine revenue-
cutters ; of which twenty-nine are steam ves-
sels and ten sailing vessels. During the
past year two old ones were sold and four
new ones built. Arrangements were made
three years ago by which we disposed of old,
unwieldy revenue-cutters, and built others of
a better pattern to take their places, and an
agreement was made that a heavier appropria-
tion should be made of so much per annum
until the entire refitting of the service was
completed. We put on, as the gentleman
will see, the large item of $290,000 to carry
out the arrangements provided for in this
reorganization of the service.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to say that quite
a number of members who have had under
consideration the expenditures in this branch
of the service have had their attention
called to the disparity between the amount
the service costs and the amount received from
it. If I recollect rightly, last year it did not
amount to more than $250,000, so that while
our revenue service costs us $1,000,000, it only
returns to the Government $250,000. I do
not know that that is a fact, but I am so in-
formed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suppose
nobody can say that. I wish to say, however,
that the present Secretary of the Treasury
found a tendency to build great unwieldy ships,
and that everybody who went into the revenue
marine service wanted to be made an admiral
of a big fleet, or at least commander of a big
ship. The Secretary has rigidly, and I think
with great wisdom, reduced the size of the
models of all the new ships for the revenue
marine service. If the plan now in process
of completion is carried out, this little navy
of the revenue service will be one of the most
efficient ever known.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not want the gen-
tleman to understand that I call attention to
this matter with any reference to the use to
which the revenue-cutters are put, but merely
as to the point of the necessity of spending
$1,000,000, when we recover only $250,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will just say
that a document marked Executive Document
No. 93, of the Forty-First Congress, contains
a very full exposition of all the facts in rela-
tion to this service.
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Marine hospital service:
For supplying deficiency in the fund for the relief
of sick and disabled seamen, $125,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I offer
the following amendment, to come in at the
end of the clause:
Provided, That no part of this sum shall be used
to support any sick or disabled men, entitled to be
received into marine hospital, by contract to the
lowest bidder.
I desire to state what I think is a great abuse,
at which this amendment is leveled. It is
this: there are some ports where there are no
marine hospitals, and it has been the practice
of the marine service to let out the sick and
disabled sailors to be cared for to the lowest
bidder, as it used a great many years ago to
be the practice of many of the towns of Mas-
sachusetts to let out the town poor to the
lowest bidder. That practice, however, has
been discontinued there, and it should be dis-
continued here. These sailors pay so much
of their wages every month toward their sup-
port in the marine hospitals when sick and
disabled, and when they stop at some ports
they find themselves let out by contract to
somebody, who takes a contract as low as
he can, and makes money by taking care of
the sick.
Now, what I desire is to have officers of the
marine service, as I have no doubt we have,
of sufficient discretion and honesty to make
a contract for the care of these poor, disabled,
sick seamen, without putting it out to the
lowest bidder.*
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Idonot see that
there is any objection to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For continuing the collection of statistics of mines
and mining, to be laid before Congress, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, $15,000.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to add at the end
of that clause the following:
And for extending the work so as to include the
mineral produots of all the States and Territories,
815,000.
My reason for offering that amendment is
that the ^hole sum is expended under one
commissioner, and is expended west of the
Rocky mountains, and I think the mineral re-
sources east of the Rocky mountains of suffi-
cient importance to justify the appropriation
of this amount.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the
amendment will not prevail. West of the
Rocky mountains are the Territories of the
United States, and if you take the whole scope
of the country east of the Rocky mountains,
of course it will cover the States. Now, the
States have geological surveys of their own.
Nearly every State in the Union has had or is
having such surveys under its own control, but
to create a commission now with such powers,
to roam all over the United States, in a matter
of this sort, would, I think, be unnecessary and
unwise.
The question was taken on the amendment,
and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the erection of a salmon-breeding establish-
ment on or near the Pacific coast of the United
States, and also an establishment on or near the
Atlantic coast for the culture of shad and for the
distribution throughout tho United States of the
eggs and young fish of both salmon and shad, the
sum of $10,000, to be expended by the United States
commissioner heretofore appointed to inquire into
the decrease of food fishes, in such manner as he
shall think most advisable.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. It seems to me that
this is a remarkable appropriation, and I think
it subject to a point of order. I make the
point of order that it is new legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no law author-
izing the appropriation. The Chair sustains
the point of order, and the paragraph will be
stricken from the bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
For continuing the inquiry into the causes of the
decrease of the food fishes of the coast and of the
lakes of the United States, $5,000.
Mr. RANDALL. Is not this new legisla-
tion?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is to carry
out an existing law.
The Clerk read as follows:
To enable the Superintendent of the Coast Survey
to cause astronomical observations to be made at one
of the highest points on the line of the Pacific rail-
road, 82,000.
Mr. RANDALL. Is not that new legisla-
tion?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will allow me to say 
Mr. RANDALL. I will take the gentleman's
word for it.
The Clerk read as follows:
To refund to the Board of Public Works of tho
District of Columbia the amount expended by them
for paving roadway and curbing and paving side-
walks in front of or adjoining the property of the
United States Government, and paid tor by naid
board, $192,620 31.
Mr. AMBLER. I move to strike out the
paragraph just read.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The law of
Congress which created the Board of Public
Works and organized the District of Columbia
into a Territory empowered the Board of Pub-
lic Works to make improvements. Under the
provisions of that law of Congress and the
legislation of the District of Columbia they
have made improvements. In the law of
Congress there was no provision made for
taxing any part of the property of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, wherever the
Territory of the District of Columbia owns a
piece of public property, like the City Hall,
or any of its other public property. Under the
law as it now stands a certain proportion of
all the expenses of paving streets, making
sidewalks, or doing any other work of a public
character, is paid by the city. If private
parties own property on the opposite side of
the street, they will pay their share of the
expenses.
The Board of Public Works made certain
improvements not only opposite the reserva-
tions owned by the city, but opposite reserva-
tions and property owned by the Government
of the United States. In every such ease they
have made out a full and accurate statement
of the expense of the grading, paving, and
other work done on the streets opposite such
Government public property, and through the
Governor of the District of Columbia they
have forwarded to the President of the United
States a complete statement of such expenses
aud an estimate of what the Government of
the United States ought to pay if it puts itself
exactly in the place of the government of the
District of Columbia when the work is done
opposite the District property.
The President has forwarded that paper to
the House of Representatives, and it has been
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The paper gives a specific and detailed state-
ment of work done, of the number of square
yards of paving, or cubic yards of grading, or
any other work done, naming the square ; for
instance, La Fayette square, the grounds oppo-
site the War and Navy Departments, Madison
place, Jackson place, Botanical Gardens, and
all the other points opposite Government prop-
erty where this work has been done; stating
the number of yards and cost per yard, and
making an estimate of the proportion that the
Government of the United States ought to pay,
if it was put upon the same basis that the Dis-
trict government is put upon, when the property
is owned by them, opposite which the work
is done.
Mr. AMBLER. As I understand, this is
work done by the Board of Public Works with-
out any authority at all given it by the Govern-
ment of United States. It was done under a
law passed by the territorial Legislature of
this District, and which, as a matter of course,
does not and cannot control the Government
of the United States.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, as a matter
of course, the Government of the United States
is not bound at all to pay anything. But the
work was done under a law which was author-
ized by a law oi Congress. The only question
is whether the United States will pay that
equitable share ef the work which they would
pay if they stood in the place of the District
of Columbia, and owned its property instead
of owning their own.
Mr. RANDALL. I understand the gentle-
man who has charge of this bill to concede the
point that the United States are not bound to
pay this money. Then why should we run
our hands so deeply into the public Treasury
and donate a sum amounting in gross to nearly
two hundred thousand dollars to the Board of
Public Works of this District, a board which
has shown itself to be recklessly extravagant
in its operations?
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Ambler, to amend by striking out the
paragraph, it was not agreed to; there being—
ayes twenty-eight, noes not counted.
