1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2761
charges is a Senator, and his name is" so
and so, uttering it. ' A great storm of calls
to order was instantaneous ; but he had com-
pleted his statement, and he sat down. That
member was a very good parliamentarian,
but I think that neither he nor any other
member of the body supposed that had he
prefaced his statement with the words with
which he concluded it he would have been
permitted to proceed.
Now, Mr. President, if the Senator from
California chooses to say that he has been
charged, that he has been referred t.o in a cer-
tain particular which he mentions, and then to
proceed to explain that matter and to vindicate
himself, I do not think we are bound to know
that the allegation originated in the other
House or put him upon a disclosure of the fact
that it did originate in the other House ; but
when he sends to the Secretary the Globe and
says " I propose to have read a'speech made
ii. the other House upon the adoption of a bill
which I now mention, and then I propose to
answer and comment upon that spcech," it
presents to us broadly the simple question
whether a speech made in one House is answer-
able, at the option of a member, in the other
House.
The rule which the Senator from Vermont
read from Jefferson's Manual, and which has
been referred to by other Senators, puts it
entirely within the power of the Senate, by a
direct formal recognition of the fact that the
words were uttered in the House of Repre-
sentatives, to take such measures as those
words may demand.
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to ask the
Senitor a question ?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I take it to be per-
fectly clear that if any member of the Senate
receives any indignity which amounts to a
violation of the privileges of this body he is
not bcund to introduce a resolution in which
he may have so deep a concern, and I take
the regular practice to be that the Senator in-
forms the body of the outrage which has been
committed on him, and then any other Senator
cai move the proper proceeding. Is it not
perfectly proper as laying the foundation for
suck a proceeding on the part of the Senate
for t Senator to inform the Senate that a mem-
ber of the House said so and so against him
in debate yesterday ? Having done that, that
so fat is parliamentary, and is excusable as
laying the foundation for the Senate to proceed
and -vindicate its dignity, which the Senator
may ict choose to institute by a resolution
offered by himself, he having personal interest
in it. If that much is parliamentary, we can
certainly by common consent give him a chance
to Make the personal explanation to lay the
fomdation.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to express my
dou>t whether even so much as the Senator
propses would be parliamentary. Doubtless
it would be parliamentary for him to inform
the Senate that in the other House remarks
and statements had been made of which he
complained, and which he wanted to make the
foundation of the proceeding pointed out in
JefFtrson's Manual. So much would be par-
liamentary. But suppose it would be parlia-
menary to go to the length the Senator sug-
gests to us now ; a member rises and says : '"I
propose that these remarks be read inextenso,
in Older that the Senate may see their aggrava-
tion." The Senate will observe that even so
mush makes no advance at all in the argument—
that having done this, the Senator is to pro-
ceed to comment upon those remarks, to char-
acterize them, to take issue with them him-
self. So that I submit, Mr. President, that the
Senator should either accomplish his purpose,
lot by having read proceedings as having oc-
curred in the House, but by referring otherwise
ii general terms to any statementthathas been
aade against him, or if he will adopt them as
apart of the proceedings of the House, and so
present them here, then he should make them
the foundation of that proceeding alone recog-
nized in parliamentary bodies as the one which
may ensue.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour
of one o'clock having arrived, it becomes the
duty of the Chair to call up the unfinished
business of yesterday. Against it was antag-
onized the bill for the payment of claims for
French spoliations, presented by the Senator
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CASSERLY. I trust this matter will
be allowed to be disposed of. I think it can
be in a few minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The .defi-
ciency bill is now before the Senate, and the
motion must be to lay that on the table, unless
it be passed over informally.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have looked over the
remarks referred to, and I will state that I
think the Senator from California will have
ample opportunity, when the bill which was
under debate in the House yesterday comes
before the Senate, as it must necessarily do,
to say what he has to say without a violation
of parliamentary law. I hope, therefore, he
will forego the opportunity of saying anything
now, and as he has called attention to the fact,
and has accomplished the purpose of showing
that he has not overlooked it, he will have
ample time when the bill referred to comes up
for action in the Senate. I hope, therefore,
he will follow that suggestion, rather than
interrupt the important business we have
before us.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will not the Senator
from Ohio allow me to say five words; they
are not in the direction of any personal explan-
ation ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It was the Senator on
my right [Mr. Cole] that I referred to.
Mr. CASSERLY. The question of a per-
sonal explanation is so completely one of per-
sonal delicacy and courtesy that I trust the
Senator from Vermont will, in the first place,
withdraw his call for the yeas and nays. Then
I suggest to my colleague whether he does not
take the same view that I do of this matter,
that it is one which concerns the Senate, and
concerns him and myself merely as members
of the Senate. If that be correct, the course
to be pursued is, I think, the one I have already
spoken of with approval as that suggested by
the Senator from Vermont, that whatever is
done here should be in the shape of resolution
by the Senate, calling the attention of the
House of Representatives to what has taken
place, if the Senate shall see fit to take any
course in regard to it. 1 suggest to my col-
league whether that is not the best disposition
of it. I understand that the Senator from
Vermont is now engaged in preparing such a
resolution.
Mr. COLE. The matter that was proposed
to be read will take some time. My remarks,
of course, would be somewhat extended,
though, perhaps, not beyond twenty minutes.
I was not aware of the existence of the rule
that has been read in reference to the notice
taken in one House of matters that occur in
the other. I will state now that I will avail
myself of some occasion, and the earliest
occasion I can, perhaps, on the discussion of
the measure upon which the remarks were
made, to make some such statements as I
intended to make to the Senate ; and though
I have not had time up to this hour to prepare
a single word that I intended to say, or even a
note or memorandum of what I intended to
say, I will endeavor to bring myself within the
rules in what I shall say hereafter when I shall
ask the attention of the Senate to the subject,
acquainting myself, in the mean time, with
what my privileges are in the case.
bills introduced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The defi-
ciency bill is- before the Senate; but as the
Chair understands that several Senators have
bills to be introduced, the Chair will, if there
be no objection, receive them.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill which I have been requested
to present, and I desire to say that 1 neither
approve nor oppose it.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 1029) to facilitate
improvement in the postal service; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads,-and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1030) for the relief of George W. Black ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the. Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1031) granting to the American
Fork Railway Company the right of way
through the public lands for the construction
of a railroad and telegraph in the Territory
of Utah; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1028) to incorporate the Helena and
Northern Utah Railroad Company, and-grant
the same the right of way through the public
lands; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to say that I have
not read the bill, and do not know whether
I am in favor of it or not. I move that it be
referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. It. No.
1191) making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending June 30, 1873, and
for other purposes ; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
professor s. f. b. morse. *
,Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Commit-
tee on the Library, to whom was referred a
resolution of the House of Representatives
expressing the regret with which Congress has
heard of the demise of Professor S._ F. B.
Morse, have directed me to report it back
with an amendment, and I .ask unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider it at the
present time. ' It is very short.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution of
the House of Representatives:
Be it resolved, &c., That the Federal Congress has
heard with profound regret of the demise of Pro-
fessor S. F. B. Morse. His fame is not merely na-
tional or American, but world-wide. His distin-
guished and varied abilities have contributed more
than those of any other intellect of our generation
to the development and progress of the practical
arts. His invention of the electro-magnetic tele-
graph, which was at first received with incredulity
by the people, and with the meager favor, if not
distrust of Congress, has during his life attained an
eminence which, so long as human thought is dis-
seminated by the lightning, will form an ever-grow-
ing tribute and enduring monument to his fame.
While his namewill be forever associated with those
of Guttenberg, Watt, Fulton, and others, who made
science useful, benign, and civilizing, his purity of
private life, his loftiness of scientific aim, and his
resolute faith in truth, render it eminently proper
that the Representatives of the people and tbe Sen-
ators of the States should solemnly testify to bis
worth and greatness.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on the Library was to strike out all after the
resolving clause, and in lieu thereof to insert
the following:
That the Congress of the United States have beard
with profound regret of the death of Professor S. j?.
B.Morse. The American people cherish a grateful
sense of his preeminent services to his_ country and
mankind in happily applying the discoveries of
science by the invention of the electric telegraph
to relations most important in human affairs, lo
the memory of a citizen thus allied with the tri-
umphs of science and tlie arts, whose genius and
