1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1865
reference to the regulation of commerce by
Congress. I favor this bill for the same rea-
son, because it simply authorizes a combina-
tion of merchants to go out to foreign lands,
to reach out and absorb, if you please, the
commerce of other countries and bring it to
our feet. It disturbs not a single dollar or
cent in our Treasury. It takes not a penny
from any one of the people. It proposes no
direct or indirect subsidy. The only objec-
tion which my honored friend from Indiana
[Mr. Kerr] makes to the measure is that he
distrusts corporations in this country. I share
his distrust. I would vote to repeal the whole
national banking system, because the banks
abuse their powers, and because the system is
not, in my judgment, constitutional. I would
not vote to incorporate this company if the
bill did not contain a clause providing that it
shall be repealable at the pleasure of Con-
gress.
Mr. KERR. If my friend from New York
will allow me, I wish to inquire whether, ac-
cording to his view of the powers of Congress,
we have any right to enact a bill to create such
a corporation as this?
Mr. COX. I have already said on this
occasion, as I said in 1870 when we had under
consideration a similar bill, from which this
bill is copied almost in hcec verba, that there
is no objection, under our constitutional power
with reference to the regulation of commerce,
to allowing combinations of men—call them
corporations or whatever else you please—to
grasp' foreign commerce and bring it to our
shores.
The trouble with gentlemeij on this side is
that while they are fighting corporations which
would aggrandize power and wealth by absorb-
ing them from the people of this country they
fail to discriminate at the proper point; they
fail to recognize that under the Federal Con-
stitution there is no power more clearly defined
than the power to regulate commerce. This
question, as my friend from Indiana very well
knows, was thoroughly discussed in the Con-
vention which framed the Federal Constitu-
tion ; and it was one great object of that in-
strument to endow the General Government
with full power in this respect. But, sir, this
is not a bill relating to commerce between the
States. It does not affect the citizens of this
country. It simply provides for a combina-
tion of citizens in a corporate capacity to go to
South America and bring wealth to our shores,
without haiming any one in this country or
violating any constitutional requirement. For
the information of gentlemen oil this side who
are so strict in their construction of the Con-
stitution, I would refer to the discussion which
was had in this House a year or two ago when
a similar bill was considered, and when the
same objections now urged by gentlemen on
this side were, I think, satisfactorily answered;
and the House passed that bill, which did not
make, any discrimination against our own peo-
ple, but was simply a measure to bring to us
foreign commerce. I think that there is a lim-
itation to be drawn somewhere in relation Lo
this matter. 1 dare do right as against any one
who would aggrandize either a corporation or
a body of private individuals at the expense
of the people; and I dare do light also in
conferring those corporate powers and fran-
chises by which'our commerce may be in-
creased by enabling our citizens to go to other
countries and lay the tribute of the world at
our feet.
_ Mr. FINKELNBURG. Will the gentleman
yield to me to have an amendment read?
Mr. LYNCH. Yes, sir.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I move to strike
out the word " perpetual," in line ten, and to
insert " for the period of thirty years " after
the word "succession," in line eleven.
Mr. LYNCH. I have no objection to that
amendment.
Mr. RANDALL. I move further to amend
so as to make it ten years. Thirty years is a
lifetime in these corporations.
Mr. LYNCH. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Vermont.
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
call attention to what seems to me to be the
extraordinary character of this bill. Whether
the Federal Government has power to engage
in this business of creating corporations or
not, it is clear to me that it has no power to
create corporations except for some object
contemplated by the Constitution itself. If
the Government, in administering its own
affairs, in conducting the business of the Gov-
ernment, deems it wise to create national
banking institutions or corporations, it has
undoubtedly the power to do so. It has the
power to regulate the finances of the Govern-
ment, and it has the power to create corpora-
tions by which or through which the finances
of the Government will be regulated. But if
we have the power to create a corporation like
this simply for the purpose of engaging in
foreign commerce, we have the power to create
a corporation for any purpose whatever. We
have the power, then, to create a corporation
to engage in mercantile pursuits in the city of
New York, or in Boston, or in San Francisco,
and we have thepower to create a corporation
for the purpose of engaging in manufactures
in Massachusetts or elsewhere.
Mr. PETERS. By the terms of this bill
this corporation is not to transact business in
any State.
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Speaker, the princi-
pal office of the proposed corporation is located
m the city of New York. It is to have its head-
quarters in that city, and thisacompany is for
the purpose of carrying on trade, carrying
merchandise, and fortraffic between New York
city and foreign ports. As I was stating, it is
just as much, in my judgment, beyond the
scope of our constitutional power to create a
corporation for this purpose as to create a
corporation for the purpose of engaging ill
mercantile business in New York city.
Now, what is proposed? This corporation
is lo have its headquarters in the city of New
York, it is to be a great mercantile house m
the city of New York, doing business in Japan
and other Asiatic countries, and that is all
there is of it. The company, if incorporated
by the passage of this bill, will, of course,
engage in foreign commerce, but it is only con-
nected with commerce as any mercantile house
in New York may engage in commerce. The
power in Congress to regulate commerce can-
not extend to any such project as this, which
is really only an act of incorporation of a com-
pany to engage in business on its own account.
We might as well incorporate the house of* A.
T. Stewart, and authorize it to engage in mer-
cantile transactions with China or Japan, as
to pass this bill.
Besides, the tendency in this direction, it
seems to me, is becoming dangerous, and cer-
tainly we ought not to undertake this kind of
legislation when there is no necessity for it.
These gentlemen can, if they choose, incor-
porate themselves under the general law of the
State of New York. They can incorporate
themselves under the general laws of other
States, and can thus get all of the powers of
incorporation which they ought rightfully to
have.
I suspect, also, that this is the pioneer of
other similar measures. I do not know what
the Committee on Commerce propose to report,
but I have seen a statement in the newspapers
that the committee propose to incorporate a
grand bank to do business in Mexico; and we
shall soon have propositions lor a grand in-
corporation ot railroad companies for South
America, for China, and tor Japan, and for
other foreign countries. What will follow,
Mr. Speaker? As soon as these corporations
get into any difficulty in those countries where
they are engaged in business, just so soon will
they come back on the United States and
claiin that they are acting uuder the authority
of this General Government, and that tliey
must be protected by the General Govern-
ment.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman from
Vermont allow me to ask him aquestioo?
Mr. WILLARD. Certainly.
Mr. LYNCH. Suppose any citizen of the
United States, doing business or engaged in
trade in a foreign conntry, gets into trouble,
cannot he call upon the United States to pro-
tect him in his rights ?
Mr. WILLARD. Every individual citizen
of the United States has the right to call upoti
the Government to protect hiin in his rights
as a citizen of the United States, That right
is given him by the Constitution of the United
States. But corporations engaged in this way
do not have the same rights as an Ameri-
can citizen, and we ought not to enlarge our
obligations m that direction.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman point out
in this bill any provision that gives this cor-
poration any other rights than an individual
has in a foreign country?
Mr. KERR. Look at section two.
Mr. WILLARD. I had not said that the
bill granted any other rights to the corporation,
but it manifestly does in the second section.
If it does not, what need of legislation at all?
The .SPEAKER, 'the live minutes allowed
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Wuaard]
have expired.
Mr. LYNCH, i yield five minutes to my
colleague from Maine, [Mr. Peters.]
Mr. PETERS. It seems to me, Mr. Speaker,
that, a very unnecessary excitement charac-
terizes the opposition to this bill. It strikes
me as a very harmless thing, and only of inter-
est to the persons immediately incorporated.
The persons who seek to be incorporated,
desiring to make the bill satisfactory to the
House, in the first place ask for no subsidy;
and lest the question might arise whether they
would ever ask for oi^e, or ever enter upon an
enterprise not, coming within the fair intent
and scope of the bill, they freely admitted
the clause providing that the bill might bet
amended, altered, oi repealed at any time by
the Congress of the United States, and dis-
tinctly excluding the liability of the United
States for any matter or thing growing out of
the passage of the act.
Mr. WILLARD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a single question ?
Mr. PETERS. I yield to the gentleman
for a question.
Mr. WILLARD. I desire to ask whether
an exclusive privilege is not given to the com-
pany by section two, which gives it power to
issue notes, bills, &c., witii merely the restric-
tion that they shall not be circulated as cur-
rency in the United States?
Mr. PETERS. twill answer the gentleman.
This bill gives to ail association of gentlemen
just what the law would give to those gentle-
men individually without this act of incorpora-
tion. 1 will tell you why in a moment. Any
man has a right to go to Japan and engage in
commerce. Any man has a right to issue his
own note. These parties want merely from
Congress a corporate power; that is, that they
may as au association do precisely what they
can do as individuals. That is the whole scope,
the whole intent of this act of incorporation.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. _ Will
the gentleman yield to me for a question?
Mr. PETERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Could
not these parties get the same corporate power
from a State?
Mr. PETERS. They can get the same cor-
porate power from a State, but an incorpora-
tion by a State would not be so beneficial to
them, and I will tell the gentleman why. The
English have already usurped the business of
Japan and adjacent countries. They have large,
