1866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
extensive, and powerful combinations under
the powers conferred by Parliament; and the
notion has arisen there that there is some sort
of a character and responsibility connected
with incorporated companies which an indi-
vidual does not have. That is the reason why
this act of incorporation is sought. I have
some information on the subject from a gen-
tleman, in whom I take some interest, from
the State of Maine. He was out there as con-
sul for sixteen years. He has seen what has
been done by the British Government, and he
has seen the friendly disposition on the part
of the Japanese nation to allow us as much
commercial intercourse as the English enjoy,
and perhaps more. And since coming to
this country he has interested various gentle-
men of capital in New York, Baltimore, Phila-
delphia, and other places in the subject of ex-
tending that intercourse.
It is in no respect a close corporation. If
there are any names which gentlemen are
desirous of putting into this act of incorpora-
tion, I have no doubt that the gentleman who
has charge of the bill would freely consent to
insert any such names. These gentlemen can
command an amount of money to go into
these enterprises which no individual can
command. The question then is, shall this
company, this association, he allowed to go
and trade with those Asiatic countries? If
you withhold this act of incorporation no indi-
vidual will undertake the work.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question?
ill'. PETERS. .Certainly.
Mr. HOAR. I observe that this bill, by its
first section, authorizes the formation of a
company with power to hold real and personal
estate, and^ to deal in the merchandise and
products of the countries and nations men-
tioned.^ Now, is it the purpose of this bill to
authorize a commercial trading company to
locate itselt in any State in the Union, when
' the laws of a particular State do not allow
such a corporation ? For it is contrary to the
policy of Massachusetts, as I understand, to
lueoiporate trading companies.
- Mr. PETERS. This is very much of the
same nature as all acts of incorporation. In-
dividuals, as a general thing, may do what
they please. An individual may buy real
estate, may sell it, and may transact commer-
cial business in those countries. Well, now,
shall we deprive a number of individuals of
the right to go there under an associated
natae, so as to give them character and
respectability?
Mr. HOAR. Doe? not this bill give them
the right to perpetual 1 fe and freedom from
all individual responsibility for debt?
Mr. PETERS. An amendment has been
offered to continue the charter for only thirty
years.
• SPEER, of Pennsylvania. There is no
individual responsibility.
Mr. PETERS. There is no individual lia-
bility. There is scarcely a State in the Onion
winch holds stockholders in corporations to
individual responsibility.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the usual objection to
an act of incorporation has been, although
there are numerous precedents for this thing,
that you are giving power to a company to
opeiate in a State, and that it is against State
rights. All these people ask in the world is a
footing for an office, a headquarters where they
may choose their directors. Their business is
not m any State or through the States, or per-
taining to the States, but in the most distant
waters. They merely want authority to estab-
lish their headquarters in New York, and it is
no interference with State rights.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. While this
company could suein any State, they could not
be sued m any State excepting the one in whiefct
the office is located.
Mr. PETERS. That depends upon the laws
of the different States. Now, in the State of
Maine foreign corporations can be sued, such
as insurance companies.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Upon whom
do you serve process in such a ease?
Mr. PETERS. That depends upon the
statute of the State.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Would this be a for-
eign corporation ?
Mr. PETERS. It is not a foreign corpora-
tion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Therefore it can
only be sued in the State in which it is located.
Mr. PETERS. An amendment to cure that
evil would not be objectionable to the parties.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. This is a sort of an
East India Company.
Mr. LYNCH. No, sir; this is not a monop-
oly, while the East India Company was a
monopoly.
Mr. PETERS. We have refused a subsidy
for the Japan line. Will you not allow these
humble individuals, who have money of their
own, to go upon their individual enterprise
and do this business?
Mr. LYNCH. I yield to the gentleman from
Missouri for an amendment.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I move to
insert at the end of line sixteen "nor shall
the Government of the United States be re-
sponsible for the payment of any note, bill, or
draft, or other obligation of said company,
either in the United States or in a foreign
country."
Mr. LYNClJ. I have no objection to that
amendment,^and will accept it.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend section vie by inserting in line nine-
teen, after the word "required," the words
"not exceeding in value $5,000,000."
The object of this amendment is to limit the
amount of real estate that this company may
hold.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to a question of order.
I object to the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Ltnci-i] accepting amendments.
The SPEAKER. He cannot accept them.
Mr._ LYNCH. I merely meant that I had
no objection to the amendment.
Mr. BANKS. There ought to be some
amendment which will absolve the United
States from any possible liability for the oper-
ations or contracts of this corporation in for-
eign countries.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Does the
gentleman object to limiting the amount of
real estate that this company may hold?
Mr. BANKS. I have no objection to that
amendment.
Ihe SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Lynch] has no right to accept
amendments to a bill reported by a committee.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. But the
amendments are pending for the consideration
of the House?
The SPEAKER. They are.
Mr. LYNCH. I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, during my
five minutes I trust I may be heard particu-
larly by my colleagues upon the other side of
the House; and first, in order to call their
attention to the fact that here is a proposition
that Congress shall create a corporation with
power to issue any bills of exchange, promis-
sory notes, and other obligations its directors
may choose, without, I think, any sufficient
provision to prevent their circulation as money
an act which, by the constitution of New York'
is a penal offense, whether done by a private
person or by a corporation not authorized
thereto by the laws of that State. So that acts
which are absolutely forbidden by the statutes
of the State of New York it is by this bill
proposed that this company shall do be the
authority of Congress.
By the statutes of New York, part one, chap-
ter twenty, title twenty, which I hold in my
hand, it is declared to be a penal offense to
carry on exactly the business which, by the
second section of this bill, it is proposed, as I
understand it, that this corporation may carry
on under the authority of Congress.
And secondly, this bill proposes an aggre-
gation of persons with perpetual succession to
carry on business without any personal lia-
bility on the part of stockholders whatever,
in violation of the eighth article of the consti-
tution of the State of New York, which lixes
personal responsibility upon every corporator,
and yet, in face of this constitutional provision,
the corporators proposed by the bill come
here to Congress and ask us to give them a
footing in the city of New York, where they
can perpetually do business in violation of the
laws of that State.
Yet more, it is an advantage, a privilege,
which we are asked now to grant by this bill.
We are told an innocent privilege. I do
not so regard it. But if it were so, I beg gen-
tlemen to consider for a moment what will be
the effect of going into this business of creat-
ing here private corporations; of granting
these particular franchises and establishing
companies with special privileges. Will it not
have the effect of collecting about Washington
all the lobbies and corrupt influences which
have heretofore infested the cities of Harris-
burg, Albany, Columbus, and the other State
capitals of the country in pursuit of special
legislation? Let Congress, sir, enter upon
this line ot legislation, and it will necessarily
center round the national capital vast num-
bers of persons seeking to corrupt Congress,
and seeking by means of such private legisla-
tion to obtain ctfntrol of these gifts and giants
from Congress so profitable to the corpor-
ators, so demoralizing to the country, until,
and quickly too, a condition of things will be
produced here as much worse than that which
has been seen in the various State capitals as
the power of Congress exceeds the power of
any State Legislature.
I have no time now to say anything further
in regard to the details of this bill, nor will [
say anything now in regard of the fact that
the Constitution never intended that Congress
should charter corporations to carry on busi-
ness withm the States. But I would again call
attention to the one most flagrant fact, that
it is proposed by this bill to incorporate a set
of individuals and give them perpetual life
and succession to do that in the city of New
York which is in flagrant violation of the set-
tled laws of that State. Now, if we can do
that, and do do it, the result will be that we
will be soon surrounded by all the cormorants
and sharks of the country seeking to obtain
by private legislation permissions and privi-
leges which would never be granted them by
their States, and which are alike against State
laws and the wisest public 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr LYNCH. . I now yield to the gentleman
from 1 ennsylvama, [Mr. Negley,] to offer aa
amendment.
Mr. NEQLEY. I move to amend the last
section of this bill by striking out the words
"city of New York."
ment' SHANK8- 1 objeot to ^at amend-
Mr. LYNCH. I now yield to the gentleman
from New lork [Mr. Cox] for two minutes.
two W, 7- 5 ^es,r®t0 fy but a word or
two. My friend from New York, my cultured
and elegant colleague, [Mr. Potter.] who has
just spoken so handsomely and forcibly, is
this bin !7 'h6 ge.ntle,man t0 make a point on
iV h ;^t l?^mple.r0aS0'1 O" Jo-tor
ttei !? «!!e a ^poratio'n, notcreafeU
On this bill.
bv^ha«?JTE^V 11 fas a corporation created
y e State of New York, and my vote was to
