mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed,
payment fob destruction of lodges.
Mr. MORPHIS also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1455) to secure payment for destruc-
tion of lodges of the Independent Order of
Odd Fellows by United States troops; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
right of way through public domain.
Mr. MORPHIS also introduced a bill (H.
E. No. 1456) granting right of way through
the public domain, and for other purposes ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Railways and Canals,
and ordered to be printed.
martin p. hardin.
Mr. MORPHIS also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1457) for the relief of Martin P. Har-
din, of Pontotoc county, Mississippi; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
national currency.
Mr. SHELDON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1458) to amend an act entitled " An act
to provide a national currency secured by the
pledge of United States bonds and to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof,"
approved June 3, 1864; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency, and ordered
to be printed.
rives and bailey.
Mr. BEATTY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1459) to provide for paying Rives & Bailey
for reporting and publishing the debates of
Congress from the 4th day of March, 1871, to
the 1st day of March, 1872; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
. mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
debates of congress.
Mr. BEATTY also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1460) to provide for reporting and pub-
lishing the debates of Congress; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Printing, and ordered to be
printed.
WILLIAM DODDS.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1461) granting a pension to Wil-
liam Dodds, a soldier of the war of 1812;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812, and ordered to be
printed.
PENSIONS TO SOLDIERS OF THE AVAR OF 1812.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, also introduced a
bill (H. II. No. 1462) supplementary to an act
entitled " An act granting pensions to soldiers
and sailors of the war of 1812, and the widows
of deceased soldiers ;" which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812,
and ordered to be printed.
preservation of forests.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1463) to make provision for the
preservation of forests, and to encourage the
planting of timber trees; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Agriculture, ar.d ordered to be printed.
applications for pknsions.
Mr. GARRETT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1464) requiring the Commissioner of Pen-
sions to furnish ttie applicant for an invalid
pension with a copy of all testimony or state-
ments filed against him, with ihe name of the
party furnishing the same, and with residence
&nd post office; also to do justice to the sol-
diers of our Indian wars and the Mexican
war, and to employes of the Government
who incurred disability, whether mustered into
the service or not; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
commerce of the ohio and mississippi.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1465) to relieve the commerce of the Ohio and
Mississippi rivers from the tax imposed thereon
at the Louisville and Portland canal at Louis-
ville, Kentucky; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
oregon central railroad.
Mr. VOORHEES introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1466) in relation to the Oregon Central
Railroad Company; which wasread afirst and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
the militia.
Mr. CO BURN introduced a bill (H. R. No,
1467) to amend the thirty-first section of an
act entitled "An act for enrolling and calling
out the militia, and for other purposes,"
approved March 3, 1863 ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
soldiers' monument.
Mr. COBURN also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1468) to authorize the Secretary of War
to place at the disposal of the soldiers' monu-
ment eemmittee of Greencastle, Indiana, cer-
tain condemned ordnance ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
indian treaties.
Mr. SHANKS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1469) to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to open negotiations with Indian nations,
tribes, or individuals, for the purpose of com-
muting the annuities now payable in kind, and
to report his doings to Congress for its adop-
tion, and for other purposes; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
mary c. greene.
Mr. KERR introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1470) for the relief of Mary C. Greene ; which
was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
george washington.
Mr. KERR also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1471) for the relief of George Washing-
ton ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed.
george l. elliott.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 1472) for the relief of George
L. Elliott, first lieutenant twenty-third Indiana
volunteer battery ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be priuted.
john iieberer.
Mr. HAYintroduced a bill (H. R. No. 1473)
for the relief of John Heberer; which was
read a first and second time, with the accom-
panying papers referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
admission of printing material free.
Mr. HAY also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1474) to place printing type, ink, and other
printing material on the free list in the tariff;
which was read a first and second time, relerred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
land claimants in salt lake city.
Mr. BURCHARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1475) for the relief of the claimants of
land in Salt Lake City in the Territory of Utah ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
district court at fort gibson.
Mr. BURCHARD also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1476) authorizing terms of the
United States district court to be held at Fort
Gibson, in the Indian territory; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
washington l. sandkord.
Mr. BURCHARD also introduced a^ bill
(H. R. No. 1477) granting a pension to Wasn-
ington L. Sandf'ord; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
jonathan haines.
Mr. BEVERIDGE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1478) for the relief of the heirs of Jona-
than Haines, deceased ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Patents, and ordered to be printed.
increase ok currency.
Mr. KING introduced a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 98) increasing the circulating currency
$30,000,000; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Banking
and Currency, and ordered to be printed.
robert u. browne.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 1479) granting a pension to
Robert H. Browne, of Adair county, Mis-
souri ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed.
edward a. dieul.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1480) for the relief of Captain
Edward A. Diehl; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee oil
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
JOHN C. CONNER.
Mr. BURDETT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1481) for the relief of John C. Conner;
which was read afirst and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
george a. lamb.
Mr. BURDETT also introduced a bill (H.
H. No. 1482) granting a pension to George A.
Lamb ; which was read a first and second
time, with the accompanying papers referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and
ordered to be.printed.
homestead land office in new york.
Mr.'BLALR, of Michigan, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1483) to further amend the home-
stead law by establishing a homestead land
office in the city of New York; wlnoh was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
improvement of michigan harbors,
Mr. STOUGIITON introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1484) making appropriations for cer-
taiu harbors in tile State of Michigan ; winch
was read a first and second lime, relerred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
a. j. m'laciilkn.
Mr. STOUGHTON also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1485) for the relief of A. J. Mc-
Lachlen, of Bear Lake Mills, Van Buret!
county, Michigan ; which was read a first and
second time, relerred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
PISi'RtC't' COURTS Of ui'ail
Mr. STODGHTON^ ako introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1486) relating to the district courts
