u
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
put in their bill the requisite appropriations.
That will leave his work separate and our work
separate.
Mr. AMBLER. There is an urgent neces-
sity for this appropriation to be made now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If there is any
special emergency, as I have no doubt there
is, the Committee on Appropriations will meet
to-morrow morning, and will report on the
measure at-once.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to have
a portion of the rules read, so that the House
may entirely understand this matter.
The Clerk read as follows:
"It shall be the duty of the Committee on Appro-
priations, within thirty days after their appoint-
ment, at every session of Congress, commencing on
the first Monday of December, to report the general
appropriation bills for legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses; for sundry civil expenses; for con-
sular and diplomatic expenses; for the Army; for
the Navy; for the expenses of the Indian depart-
ment; for tho payment ot invalid and other pen-
sions; for the support of the Military Academy; for
fortifications; for the service of the Post Office De-
partment, and for mail transportation by ocean
steamers; or, in failure thereof, the reasons of such
failure. And said committee shall have leave to re-
port said bills (for reference only) at any time. In
all eases where appropriations cannot be made spe-
cific in amount, the maximum to be expended shall
be stated, and each appropriation bill when reported
from the committee shall, in the concluding clause,
state the sum total of all the items contained in said
bill/'—Hide 17.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires par-
ticular attention to the next clause.
The Clerk read as follows:
"In preparing bills of appropriation for other
objects the Committee on Appropriations shall not
include appropriations for carrying into effect trea-
ties made by the United States; and when an appro-
priation bill shall be referred to them for their con-
sideration which contains appropriations for carrying
a treaty into effect, and for other objects, they shall
propose such amendments as shall prevont appro-
priations for carrying a treaty into effect being in-
cluded in the same bill with appropriations for other
objects."
The SPEAKER. These rales, it will be ob-
served, give the Committee on Appropriations
exclusive jurisdiction of the regular annual
appropriation bills. They also prevent that
committee from including in any general ap-
propriation bill appropriations for carrying any
treaty into execution, so that each treaty must
stand on its own merits. What committee
shall take charge of the subject is for the
majority of the House to determine.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs will allow
me, I desire to add another word. I supposed,
in the remarks I made a moment since, that
this bill had provisions concerning the treaty
generally. I observe, on examining it, that it
is nothing in the world but an appropriation
bill. There is no change of the law regulating
our foreign affairs in any respect whatever.
It is a simple, naked appropriation bill, and I
desire to get the sense of the House on that
question, whether a bill having only appropri-
ations in it ought not to go, as a matter of good
practice in the House, to the committee which
has the general charge of the appropriations.
I have not the least feeling in the world about
it, except the desire that we should start fair
with a good habit and practice to be followed
hereafter. I think the bill should clearly be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. BANKS. Let me say, in reply to the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
that that committee has jurisdiction in cases
of appropriations authorized by law. That is
what the committee is for. When a matter is
referred to that committee, involving an appro-
priation, it has special jurisdiction from the
House over the subject, as any other commit-
tee has.
But this subject of the treaty has not been
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
It has been, by a special order, specially re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and the committee will report four bills to
give execution to this treaty. This one of
appropriation is the first one ; butit is not to be
adopted, and would not have been adopted by
the committee, except on account of its being
in connection with other bills, to which the
attention of the House will be called here-
after. Therefore, this bill making an appro-
priation, so far as the treaty is concerned,
cannot go to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, unless the whole subject of the treaty of
Washington goes to the Committee on Appro-
priations. You cannot refer one part to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs and another
part to the Committee on Appropriations. On
the contrary, the whole subject must go to the
one committee or the other. And, inasmuch
as it has already been referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs; inasmuch as itcon-
cerns the foreign affairs of the country; inas-
much as it belongs expressly and particularly
to that committee; inasmuch as the constant
practice of the House has been in conformity
with the rule of giving it the jurisdiction of the
appropriations involved in the approval of the
treaty, it is improper and unjust now, when
the committee has considered the subject, to
deprive it of its jurisdiction in the premises.
I am reminded by the gentlemen about me
that when the bill making an appropriation
for the Alaska treaty was reported no ques-
tion whatever was made about the bill making
tho appropriation being reported by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs. The question was
made whether that treaty should be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the
House decided that it should be. But when
the appropriation was made, there was no
proposition by my colleague, [Mr. Dawes,]
then chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations. that the appropriation belonged to
them. The appropriation cannot be separated
from the merits of the treaty itself, and I am
sure the House will not declare by its vote
that it is not to commit to any standing com-
mittee of the House the right to determine
the various questions which, by order of the
House, have been referred to other commit-
tees; for the result will be, if the proposition
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
is adopted, to take from every standing com-
mittee of the House the right to consider and
determine any question which may be sent to
that committee involving an appropriation.
Mr. DAWES. I was not chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations at the time of
the Alaska treaty, but I think my colleague
has stated correctly the action of the House
with regard to it. I have no doubt that it is
strictly within the rules of the House to refer
this either to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs or to the Committee on Appropria-
tions. To which it shall be referred is only
a question of propriety. I think this should
have gone to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs in the first instance. But I think also
that, after the Committee of Appropriations
have considered this bill in connection with
the whole matter as presented to them, the
Committee on Appropriations should have the
bill_ for consideration before them, precisely
as is done in the case of the Committee on
Commerce in the matter of light-houses and
the matter of river and harbor improvements.
They consider those matters, they bring their
recommendations with regard to them before
the House, and then they ask to have their
own bill committed to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and the Committee on Appro-
priations consider that bill and return it to
the House. And then it has been the custom
of the las't few years for the Committee on
Appropriations to return the bill and restore
it to the Committee on Commerce, just as they
would restore this bill to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs. This was the policy adopted
by the last Committee on Appropriations, with
the approval of the House.
They did not take the bill away from the
Committee on Commerce, or from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, but they had the
bill, after it was reported by them to the House,
i submitted to the Committee on Appropriations
and for this reason : that these large appro-
priations have their effect upon the other
appropriations, and upon the aggregates. The
Committee on Appropriations is responsible
for those aggregates; held responsible by the
country; and the courtesy between the com-
mittees in the last Congress was such that the
Committee on Appropriations had opportunity
to pass upon all these bills ; not. that it is in
conflict with the rules for the Committee on
Foreign Affairs to consider such a bill as this;
but with the approval of the House, after ihey
had reported their bill, it was committed to
the Committee on Appropriations, and that
committee reported it back and delivered it
back to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
They did it because they felt that they were
held before the country responsible for the
aggregate, and that therefore they should have
an opportunity to consider the measuses as
appropriations ; not in the light of giving effect
to the treaty; not with an attempt to recon-
sider the action of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs upon the propriety of carrying out the
treaty ; but because the appropriations for that
purpose cannot be separated from the grand
aggregate of appropriations. It was with that
view that the Committee on Appropriations,
with tho consent of the coordinate committees,
considered bills of this kind to that extent.
I think that my colleague would do well to
let the Committee on Appropriations have the
consideration of this bill; not to take it away
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, not to
undertake to discuss, themselves, the merits of
the bill. I do not think that it would be proper
for them to do that. I think that belongs to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. If I had
been on the Committee on Appropriations
when this bill was committed I should Ifave
acquiesced in its reference to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs just as it has been referred,
and then I should have asked my colleague,
after he had reported it, to let it go to the
Committee on Appropriations for their con-
sideration, with the understanding that I should
have yielded it back to him with such recom-
mendation as the Committee on Appropria-
tions might make. I do not think the rules
require it to go to the one committee or the
other.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to say, in reply to
my colleague, that the course recommended
by him is impracticable, under the rules of the
House. If the House chooses to change its
rules, I have no objection; but it is not now
in accordance with the rules, nor would it be
in accordance with the practice of the House.
I do not assent to the proposition that the
country holds the Committee on Appropria-
tions responsible for all the expenditures of
the Government. That committee is held re-
sponsible only for the appropriations that, are
referred to it by the House; and when the
House refers a subject involving an appropri-
ation to another committee of the House, that
committee and the House that may act on its
recommendation are responsible for the result,
whatever it may be.
Now, sir, if the practice recommended by
my colleague and by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations shall be adopted, it
will defeat the action of the House altogether,
because the Committee on Appropriations has
the privileged right to report at any time only
upon those appropriations authorized by exist-
ing law. That is what the committee is for,
to consider appropriations authorized by stand-
ing la.ws, and it is not its privilege to report at
any time upon any other subjects except those
which are authorized by standing law or are
required by some of the exigencies of the
Government. Now, if this appropriation be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
that committee cannot put it in a regular appro-
priation^ bill; the rules of the House forbid
that. Tliey must report it in a separate bill,
and they must await the call of their commit-
tee before it can be reported. The Committee
