1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
971
of Utah Territory ; which -was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
m. e. and 31. s. snively.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, introduced-a
bill (H. E. No. 1487) granting a pension to
Mary E.'Snively and Mary S. Snively, minor
children of Abraham Snively, who died in the
United States service in 1865; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
invalid pensioners.
Mr. SUTHERLAND introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1488) for the payment of invalid pen-
sioners who were deprived of their pensions
for drawing pay for actual military, naval, or
marine service during the war for the suppres-
sion of the rebellion; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. HANCOCK introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1489) to remove the legal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
of certain persons therein named ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
luman k. bowdisii.
Mr. DONNAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1490) authorizing the Commissionerof the Gen-
eral Land Office to sell to Luman K. Bow-
dish a certain tract of land within the limits
of the city of Dubuque,"Iowa ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
fox and wisconsin riveks.
Mr. DONNAN also presented a joint reso-
lution of the Legislature of Iowa, in relation
to water communication between the Missis-
sippi river and Lake Michigan, by way of the
Fox and Wisconsin rivers ; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
union pacific railroad.
Mr. PALMER presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Iowa, relating to the
terminus of the Union Pacific railroad, and
the violation of its charter by action of the
Union Pacific Railroad Company ; which was
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
mrs. charlotte d. crocker.
Mr. PALMER also presented a joint reso-
lution of the Legislature of Iowa, in favor of
an increase of pension for Mrs. Charlotte D.
Crocker, widow of Major General Marcellus
M. Crocker; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
fox and wisconsin rivers.
Mr. ELDREDGE presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Wisconsin, r.eiating
to the Fox and Wisconsin river improvement;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
glleen bay and superior railway.
Mr. SAWYER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1491) granting the right of way through the
public lands to the Green Bay and Superior
Railway Company; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
fox and wisconsin rivers.
Mr. SAWYER also presented a joint reso-
lution of the Legislature of Wisconsin, asking
that Congress accept the award of the board
of arbitration made in the case of the Fox and
Wisconsin rivers improvement; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
susan schofield.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1492) for the relief of Snsan
Schofield, widow of A. F. Scliofield ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered
to be printed.
james e. barnes.
Mr. COGHLAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1493) for the relief of James E. Barnes
and nine other citizens of the State of Califor-
nia ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
grape brandy.
Mr. COGHLAN also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1494) for the regulation of the distillation
of brandy from grapes ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
improvement of monongahela river.
Mr. McGREW introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1495) providing for the improvement of the
Monongahela river from New Geneva, Penn-
sylvania, to Morgantown, West Virginia, under
the direction of the Secretary of War; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. McGREW also presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of West
Virginia, instructing the Senators and request-
ing the Representatives of that State to intro-
duce, advocate, and vote for a bill to remove
all political disabilities imposed by the third
section of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
cherokee lands.
Mr. LOWE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1496) to carry out certain provisions of the
Cherokee treaty of 1866, and for the relief of
certain settlers on the Cherokee lands in the
State of Kansas; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
kansas boundary line.
Mr. TAFFE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1497) making an appropriation for the survey
of the northern boundary line of the State of
Nebraska ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
james r. peck, etc.
Mr. TAFFE also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1498) for the relief of James B. Peck and
Reuben Wood; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
erastus s. joslyn.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1499) for the relief
of Erastus S. Joslyn, of Washington Terri-
tory ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
confirmation of title.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington, also in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1500) to confirm
title to certain lands in Washington Terri-
tory ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
DISAPPROVAL OF LEGISLATION.
Mr. GARFIELDE. of Washington, also in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1501) to disapprove
of certain legislation in the Territory of
Washington ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on the
Territories, and ordered to be printed.
LAKE WASHINGTON CANAL COMPANY.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington, also in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1502) to incorporate
the Lake Washington Canal Company; which
was read a first and second timo, referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
ARTESIAN WELLS.
Mr. KENDALL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1503) to encourage the sinking of arte-
sian wells upon public lands in the State of
Nevada ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Mines
and Mining, and ordered to be printed.
nevada college oe mining.
Mr. KENDALL also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1504) extending the time allowed the
State of Nevada in which to provide a college
of mining; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
swamp lands.
Mr. KENDALL also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1505) declaratory of the construction
of an act approved September 28, 1850, enti-
tled "An act to enable the State of Arkansas
and other States to reclaim the swamp lauds
within their limits;" which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
mbyer's patent.
Mr. ARMSTRONG introduced abill (H. R.
No. 1506) to adopt Carl C. P. Meyer's patent
fire-proof section corner in all future surveys of
the public lands; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
dakota land district.
Mr. ARMSTRONG also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1507) to establish an additional land
district in the Territory of Dakota ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
railroad and telegraph company.
Mr. JONES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1508) granting to the Denver, Laramie, and
Iron Mountain Railroad and Telegraph Com-
pany the right of way through the public lauds
for the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
wyoming legislative acts.
Mr. JONES also introduced abill (H. R. No.
1509) to continue in force certain acts and joint
resolutions of the first Legislative Assembly
of Wyoming Territory ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Territories, and. ordered to be printed.
right of way through public lands.
Mr. JONES also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1510) granting the right of way through
the public lands to the Cheyenne, Iron Mount-
ain, and Helena Railroad Company ; winch
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
pay of registers, etc.
Mr. JONES also introduced abill (H. B.
No. 1511) in relation to the pay of registers
of the land office and receivers of public
moneys in the land districts of the several
Territories of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
government wagon-road.
Mr. JONES also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1512) for the location and construction of
a Government wagon-road from Laramie City,
Wyoming Territory, to Fort Fetterman, in said
Territory; which was read a first and second
