1368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
become a law, that the Postmaster General
can, in virtue of its provisions, pay a sum not
exceeding $100,000 a year to the steamship
company. That being the case, the Chair
would be bound to sustain the point of order,
that the bill ought to have its first discussion
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. RANDALL. Does it go then to the
Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar?
The SPEAKER. It does not, being a
public bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It goes "where the
woodbine twi n eth." [Laughter. ]
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. DAWES. The morning hour having
expired, I move that the House proceed to
the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table.
The motion was agreed to.
HANNAH GRAY.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (H. R, No. 895) granting a pension
to Hannah Gray, with an amendment by the
Senate.
The amendment was as follows:
Strikeout all after the word "cavalry," in line
six, to the end of the bill, namely, the words " and
to pay to her a pension from tho 11th day of May,
1864, during tier widowhood,'' and insert these words:
Aud the mother of three children under sixteen
years ot' age, dependent on her for support."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CJIICAOO MItK. „
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 555) for the relief of
sufferers by fire at Chicago, with an amend-
ment by the Senate.
The amendment was read as follows :
t Strike out all after the enacting clause, and
insert the following:
That all goods, wares, and merchandise which may
be sent from places without tho limit* of tho United
btates as gratuitous contributions to the relief of
sufferers by the fire which occurred at Chicago, Illi-
nois, October 7, 8, and 9,1871, shall, when imported
and consigned to the proper authority at Chicago for
distribution, bo admitted free of duty.
Skc. 2 That there shall bo allowed and paid, under
such regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury
shall prescribe, on all materials imported to be and
actually used in buildings crected on the site of
buildings burned by said fire, a drawback of the
import duties paid on tho same: J-'rovuicd, That said
materials shall have been imported and used (luring
the term of one year from and after the passage of
this act.
. Sbc.3. That the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
is hereby authorized to suspend tho collection of
such taxes as may have been assessed, or as may have
accrued, prior to the 9th of October, 1S71, in the first
collection district in tbeStatoof Illinois, against any
person residing or doing business and owning prop-
erty in that portion of the city of Chicago recently
destroyed by fire, and who, in the opinion of said
Lmrunissiomir.hus suffered material loss bysuehfire :
Provided, I hat such suspension shall not be con-
tinued after the close of the next regular session of
Congress.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the amendment
of the Senate be concurred in.
Mr. 1' 1NKELN13 UllG. Would it be in
order to move that the bill and the Senate
amendment bo referred to the Committee of
^ ays and Means.'' I thmkthebill as amended
ought to be printed, that we may have time to
consider it before we are asked finally to pass
upon if.
Mr. DAWES. I will explain the nature of
the amendment. There is no substantial dif-
ference between this bill and the,bill which
passed the House, with the exception of an
unimportant section added to it, the effect of
which is to authorize the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue to relieve from the payment
of internal tax certain parties who have suffered
by this fire. It is an unimportant provision.
I he otner changes are simply of phraseology
to carry out more effectually the object of the
bill, and to make the one year specified in the
bill, within which the materials may be im-
ported and used, one year from tbe passage of
the act, instead of one year from the day of the
fire. In all other respects the bill is the bill
as it passed the House.
Mr. L. MYERS. I would ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] whether
this bill had any discussion when it passed
through tbe House'! 1 would also ask him
whether he thinks that from the mere reading
of tbe Senate substitute at the Clerk's desk we
can fully understand what its provisions are?
Mr. DAWES. When the bill was before
the House there was all tbe opportunity for
discussion which any gentleman desired.
Mr. L. MYERS. It is well known that bills
are sometimes passed in this House without
much notice, except by a small portion of the
members.
Mr. DAWES. I yield a moment to the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Concbr.]
Mr. CONGER. This bill has been for some
time under discussion in the Senate. It has
received the consideration of that body on
several different days. This bill passed the
House, I venture to say, without the knowledge
of ten members of the House as to its objects
or as to its effects.
Now, I desire that this bill shall receive the
consideration of the House, because it is a
measure which affects very vitally the interests
of the people of several States in this Union,
and in my humble judgment affects them very
injuriously—such States as Michigan, Ohio,
and Pennsylvania—in their manufacturing in-
terests ; and affects the people, the laboring
people of those States more injuriously than
it can possibly benefit the city of Chicago.
Now, sir, those who are complaining against
this measure, aud who seem to be in opposi-
tion to the relief of the city of Chicago, desire
that this bill shall be set down for some day
when there may be a frank and full discussion
of the merits of the bill, and when those op-
posed to it may have the oppoi Lunity of call-
ing the attention of the members of the House
to the injurious consequences which will fol-
low to the people of several States if the bill
is passed without modification. I had sup-
posed, and my colleagues had supposed, that
this bill would not be called up to-day, or until
next week. Several gentlemen are absent
who wish to speak upoii the merits of the bill.
Now, sir, this bill will not suffer by discussion.
If it is right to pass the bill, if an examina-
tion of its bearings and effect, will couvince
gentlemen of the House that it is proper to
pass the bill without modification or amend-
ment, upon consultation, then it will be passed.
If it is a proper bill, if it is a good bill, then
the Iriends of the measure ought not to avoid
discussion and the opportunity for amendment
in this House.
Sir, I am instructed by the Legislature of
the State of Michigan, as my colleagues are
all instructed by the solemn act of that Legis-
lature, to oppose the passage of this bill in its
present form. The assertion of the Legisla-
ture of Michigan, now m session, is that this
measure would not only be injurious to the
lumbermen of Michigan and the laboring peo-
ple of Michigan, but that it would be abso-
lutely ruinous to many of our interests and to
many of our people.
Sir, I will not enter now, hoping that this
measure shall receive the attention of the
House at a time when we can discuss it more
fully, into a general discussion of this subject,
but I do desire to call the attention of the mem-
bers of the House who are not committed to
this bill, who are indifferent as between those
who are in favor of it and those who are op-
posed to it,, to two or three facts while 1 have
the floor. In the State oi Michigan there are
two or three regions of the State where at the
same tune that the fire was sweeping out of
existence a large part of the city of Chicago,
other fares were sweeping over the State of
Michigan, and were burning down the houses
and the barns and the fences and all the im-
provements of our people over a region of
country sixty-seven miles long and on an aver-
age thirty miles wide, leaving out of three
thousand dwelling-bouses in that district only
one hundred and seventeen.
Sir, I myself, when that fire was raging,
was a member of the relief committee of the
city of Port Huron, and with the aid of a Gov-
ernment revenue steamer, which the Secretary
of the Treasury kindly gave to us to carry pro-
visions to these suffering people on the coast
of Lake Huron and Saginaw bay, I spent four
weeks in carrying provisions to these people
and in searching out the burned-out, wounded,
and starving people of Michigan and taking
relief to them. Over three thousand people
in my district and over the line of that district
were driven from home by the devouring
flames,and were left on God's footstool with-
out clothing or food or houses or provisions,
without anything but the naked soil. Their
homes were burned and desolated by the rav-
ages of this fire, which extended sixty-seven
miles in one direction and thirty or forty in
the other, leaving no part of it where a barn,
a house, and other property was not absolutely
consumed.
Sir, throughout that region a large portion
of the pine lands are along the streams. That,
pine was also burned, and in order to make it
of any value it is necessary, as every lumber-
man knows, after the fire has ran through the
woods and destroyed and killed the trees, that
that pine should be cut the first year thereafter,
else it becomes worthless. And I say to gen-
tleman here that in order to save millions of
dollars' worth of even that which was left by
the fire, it became necessary that those who
owned the land should put upon it a force
sufficient to get it out of this ruin, this d6bris,
and into the streams this winter; and tt was
also necessary that this should be done in order
to give employment to these poor, starving,
desolate people who livein these pine regions,
and who were employed by the lumbermen
before, and but for the fire would have again
been employed. The people of my region inter-
ested in this lumber have been compelled, at
an unusual expense, at double cost, in order to
preserve this property and to furnish work for
the. three thousand men who dwell in that
region, to have this timber cut and got out
this winter.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] smilingly says that it is not necessary
for me to speak of the wrongs and injuries
done to my people in a discussion of the
merits of this question.
Mr. DAWES. I must resume the floor.
Mr. CONTG-ttiR. If the gentleman willyield
to me for a moment longer I will make the con-
nection between my remarks aud this Chicago
relief. °
Mr. DAWES. Wait a moment; the gentle-
man's fears mislead him as to my meaning.
Mr. CONGER. I beg the gentleman's par-
don, then.
Mr. DAWES. I have said nothing, as I
have certainly felt nothing, that should cause
the gentleman to say what he did.
Mr. CONGER. Then I beg the pardon of
the gentleman.
Mr. DAWEb. I made a remark which I
now address to the Speaker in the hearing of
the gentleman, that it did not appear to me that
there was any lack of ability to enter now upon
a discussion of the merits of this case. 1 said
r?,r be°ause Jhe gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Conger] had already gone so thoroughly
nito a discussion of the merits of this bill,
for that reason*! -was lead to make th" remark
that. I did not think there was any lack of
ability to enter now into a discussion of th 
merits of this measure. I say that because,
while J have not a particle of choice between
now and any other time for the consideration
of this bill, 1 have called it up at this time with-
out any intention of depriving anybody of
