76
THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE.
December 12,
merits. The Committee on Appropriations
standshere constituted for the House as a. check
on all other committees, and my fear is, if in
this case $500,000 be allowed to be appropn-
ated without going to the Committee on Appro-
priations—I find no fault intrinsically with the
amount—if this is allowed to go through with-
out reference to the Appropriation Committee,
then to-morrow another committee will come
in with $250,000, and the next day other com-
mittees will come forward calling for millions,
and asking this House to enforce a similar
rule. How, then, can the Committee on Appro-
priations, in compliance with our rules, have
full charge of the general appropriations, when
$250,000 here and $500,000 there are reported
from special committees and passed by this
House, when this subject has not at all been
considered by the Committee on Appropria-
tions? It seems to me to be clearly proper
and just that this bill should go to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. k. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, I have little
to say not already covered by the chairman of
our committee. It seems to me, however, the
House should understand, if the point of order
made by the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations and overruled, yet still in fact
urged by him, should prevail, what will be the
substantial effect upon the business of the
House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not make
a point of order, but merely ask the House to
settle the precedent.
Mr. L. MYERS. If that be established, as
the gentleman desires, we are, in effect, here
in the outset called upon to adopt a new rule
for the government of the House, for under
the existing rules the Committee on Appropri-
ations have not the jurisdiction of this present
appropriation. It has not been sent to them.
On the contrary, it was sent to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs. The rules do not
provide that the Committee on Appropriations
should have it, or else the point of order would
have been well taken. Thg Committee on
Appropriations, under the rules, is intrusted
with the duty of reporting the general appro-
priation bills for legislative, executive, and
judicial .expenses; and also such other appro-
priations and executive communications for the
purpose of carrying on the several departments
of the Government as may be presented and
referred to them by the House. This subject
was not referred to them by the House. Under
the provisions of Rule 77 it does not belong to
them. It relates especially to foreign affairs ;
and it is a subject from which they have been
inferentially excluded by Rule 76, unless this
House sends it to them, namely, the subject
of treaties. The appropriations for carrying
into effect the Alaska treaty, and other like
appropriations, came from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs. The same question was
raised under the Alaska treaty, and was de-
cided then in favor of the jurisdiction of that
committee. The chairman of Appropriations
suggests that there need be no delay in this
matter, if this subject be referred to the Com-
mittee oil Appropriations, because that com-
mittee meets to-morrow, and they will con-
sider and report it to-morrow. With all re-
spect to him, that cannot be the case, for the
rules prevent it.
The expenses now to be provided for, let
the House understand, have arisen during the
vacation of Congress, under the treaty made
since the House adjourned. No one claims
they Bhould not be appropriated for at once,
and it is scarcely to be supposed that these
reasonable estimates of the State Department
will be objected to. The Committee on For-
eign Affairs asks, that provision shall be made
to meet the actual outlay to be incurred under
the treaty. Suppose, however, the House
3hould choose to take this bill from Foreign
Affairs and refer it to Appropriations, that
committee cannot report it back at once, even
if it should desire to do so; for it is enly
authorized to report at any time the subjects
given to it by the rules. The result may be
that we shall adjourn over the holidays and
leave unpaid these necessary expenses, pay-
ment of which already is in arrear several
months. .
Such a course of conduct would not reflect
honor on the country or do justice to the able
men we have selected to represent us under
the treaty. The Foreign Affairs Committee
has considered the question, has unanimously
reported it, and now, or if it goes to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, can next week place the
bill on its passage. This House will certainly
not wrest it from us at this advanced stage, and
run the risk of delay merely to please another
committee. But the broader question is
whether our members are ready to adopt a
new rule, so that whenever an appropriation
occurs in any bill, either under treaty or new
law therein proposed, or on subjects referred
otherwise, the bill must, nevertheless, go to
the Committee oil Appropriations, and the
Committee on Pensions, the Committee of
Claims, and all other committees which now
have the right, with the consent of the House,
to report appropriations, shall have that right
taken from them, that it may be committed
entirely to the Committee on Appropriations,
which already has large enough duiiesto attend
to under the rules, in passing appropriations
in pursuance of general law or references to
it by the House. That is the question for the
House to determine; and I take it they will
not in this manner alter' their rules; that they
will not in this manner take from a committee
the charge of a subject committed to it, but will,
without jealousies of each other, once again
see to it that committees shall be allowed to
retain supervision of the questions to examine
and report upon which they are appointed.
This discussion presents a case which should
determine the matter. To meet any difficulty
we can send any bill of this kind to the Com-
mittee of the Whole whenever there is a doubt
about it. But here I believe there is no doubt.
No committee other than Foreign Affairs can
report with the same propriety on this appro-
priation, or better obtain information in regard
to it.
I believe, Mr. Speaker, the good sense of
most every committee may be required to pre-
sent a bill which calls for the appropriation of
money. In this case, on the principle which
. is now contended for, all such legislation must
! be presented by the Committee on Appropria-
1 tions and revised by them. It is said in this
case that the Committee on Appropriations can
report to-morrow or next day at furthest.
They can, perhaps, if they choose; but sup-
pose that they do not choose, and that after
examining this bill they think the public in-
terest requires that the bill shall not become a
law, and they withhold it.
j I protestagainst conferringuponthe Comrait-
j tee on Appropriations, for which I have a
! high respect—as high a respect as I have for
J any other committee of the House—I protest
j against conferring upon that or any othercom-
! mittee a revisory power over the action of the
| other committees. I would have every com-
' mittee attend to its proper business : and when
I it is necessary that such a bill as this shall
go to the Committee of the Whole, let it be
! revised there, as our rules contemplate.
Mr. PETERS. This matter seems to me to
be in a nut-shell. The Committee on Appro-
priations are a privileged committee on cer-
tain subject-matters. Are they a privileged
committee on this appropriation ? The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Baxks] says
that without the unananimous consent of the
House the Committee on Appropriations can-
not report back to-morrow, or at any other
time, until they are regularly called. If that
is so, it seems to me to be useless circumlocu-
tion, or, if I may be allowed the expression,
boy's, play, to report this bill to the House
and then to the committee, and then allow that
committee to toss it back to the other com-
| mittee, and finally have it again launched
here for discussion. But I would like to be
posted ; and I ask the Speaker, as a parlia-
mentary question, whether if this bill is referred
to the Committee on Appropriations they will
be privileged to-morrow, or at any other time,
to report it back ?
Mr. BANKS. I yield for a moment to my
colleague, [Mr. Hoar.]
Mr. HOAR. It seems to me that the sev-
enty-sixth rule of the House answers all the
arguments of the chairman of the Committee
the House will keep this matter where it is. ji on Appropriations and the chairman of the
Ti '  1. ~ ± l —.. j_ * 1 .i J.U a vni 4>a 4- "U >1 a vi mirf Aft rtf tro n n ^ \*f ail v-  p ' 11 n rrrn -
It is far better to let the bill take its course than
to take from a committee the supervision of a
subject which belongs to it.
Mr. BANKS. I yield to the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Maykard,] who desires to say
a word.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is a subject in
which I feel, myself, comparatively little inter-
est. But in the character of the proposition,
every member of the House is deeply interested
The committees of this House are of equal
dignity. Their relative importance may de-
pend on the character of the subjects confided
to them, but their dignity and their authority
over the subjects that are committed to them
are coordinate and equal, one with the other.
This proposition is to give one of the commit-
tees of this House a,revisory jurisdiction over
the action of the other committees. It con-
stitutes the Committee on Appropriations a
court of revisal over the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. I have seen this same thing attempted
before in the Honse, but never with success.
I remember in a former Congress it was
proposed that when the naval appropriation
bill was reported it should be referred for
revisal to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The House refused that proposition, and I
think when they have had the question pre-
sented fairly before them they have always
refused it, and always will refuse it; because
it is possible in the course of our legislation
that every committee of this House shall have
some subject that will come up incidentally
and collaterally, that, as a matter of first and
original jurisdiction, must pertain to the duties
il of some other committee. For example, al-
Committee of Ways and Means. Their argu-
ment is, that it was the purpose of the House
to give to the Committee on Appropriations
general jurisdiction over and general respons-
ibility for all the expenditures of the Govern-
ment, and that is true with one exception,
and that is this: that appropriations for carry-
ing into effect a treaty the House has declared
ought not to be mixed up with the general
appropriations of the Government. The rule
expressly declares that the Committee on Ap-
propriations shall not report such proposed
expenditures in general appropriation bills,
or that if they find it in one referred to them,
shall at once propose such amendment as to
separate it. Why? Not for the sake of ac-
complishing a mere formality, but because
when the House established this rule it was
of opinion that although all other appropria-
tions were to depend upon the opinion of Con-
gress, and of its committee, of the capacity
and resources of the nation to expend money,
appropriations for carrying into effect a treaty
are to depend, and depend only, on our sense
of the obligations of public faith.
It is no matter whether $100,000,000 or
$500,000,000 are to be expended by this Gov-
^ eminent for other purposes ; it is no matter
whether the country is rich or is poor; it is no
matter whether the country desires to be
economical or extravagant., the question of
carrying into effect a treaty is a question what
the Government has promised to do, and
therefore the rule of the House requires that
this shall not be taken within the scope of the
general duties of the Committees on Appro-
priations, and that they shall not be permitted,
