APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 3,
Ho. of.Reps.
Disposition of Public Lands—Mr. Dunnell.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
alluded, have not only increased in this large
ratio in population, but they have also in-
creased in their power to support the General
Government. There came out from those six
States during the late war, three hundred and
seventy-five regiments of volunteers. Over six
hundred thousand men were enlisted in those
six States, and they were not among the infe-
rior soldiers that defended the Union, but they
•were among the noblest of them all. They
were men of nerve, full of the hope of young
States, vigorous in purpose, and they main-
tained themselves everywhere throughout that
long struggle.
I am pot willing to sit here as a member of
this House and hear unchallenged and unan-
swered the arguments that are used against a
continuance of a policy that has worked so
well for these States. I will not forget that
there .lies beyond me a vast West. 1 will not
forget the Territory of Dakota, large enough
to make three or four immense States, with a
soil almost as rich, and I say it reverently, as
God could make it. It is a vast, treeless coun-
try, of three or four hundred miles in extent,
without a cord of wood, without a tree over
vast extents to build a fence or a log cabin.
Are ypu to ask that that vast unwooded land,
lich in her soil, shall be there forever undevel-
oped? Where is your actual settler who will
fifid bis way three hundred miles from some
railroad in order to settle down upon his one
hundred and sixty acres? There are those
here in this House who seem to fancy that one
hundred and sixty acres of land are just as
valuable in one place as another, and that
every one hundred and sixty acres of land float
in the imagination of some actual settler at
home, who is some time going out to settle
upon the vast public domain. Now, I would
like to see the actual settler from the city of
Philadelphia, for instance, who will start out
West,-and to see if he would have folly enough
when he g;ot out.there to go four or five hun-
dred miles beyond a railroad and there select
the one hundred and sixtyacres that his fancy
had conjured up as his new home.
Dakota needs an outlet west and an outlet
east. From the one direction she can bring
the needed coal as fuel, and from the other
timber for fences and houses. The Territories
should be fostered, should be developed, or
at least be granted every facility for self-devel-
opment. They will the sooner cease to be.out-
lying dependencies and become full-grown
States. Tben we shall be a perfect Union.
These new Territories would, then be self-
sjippoiting. -A,standing army for vast fron-
tier service and expenditure will not be needed.
This is a practical question. We have vast
territories in the West. Are yoij going to leave
them uncared for ? Are they not to be devel-
oped ? If Iowa, and Minnesota have a popu-
lation to-day of near two millions as a result
of this policy, do you say that Dako.ta shall
not ha,ve her million? Do you mean to say
that Montana and the other Territories of this
country shall be as the section I have dwelt
upon was from 1830 to 1850? Why not open
it up and let a bright era come to them between
1870 and 1890 as came to these western States
between 1850 and 1870? What are these lands
worth unless you bring them within the. reach
of men who desire them for settlement?
I might illustrate how much a railroad will
do by referring to the section of country
through whieh will pass the proposed railroad
in support of which the gentleman from Ore-
gon [Mr. Slater] argued the other day. I
use it as an illustration, not only because of
the able manner in which the gentleman pre-
sented his cause, but because the subject has
already been examined by the Committee on
Public Lands.
For a distance of eight hundred miles those
lands' are to-day worthless to the Government,
and without internal improvements must be so
for the next hundred years. Why not devote
a part of those lands—a quarter, or a fifth, or
a sixth—in bringing about the rapid develop-
ment of that whole country, and augment the
value of the lands retained by the Govern-
ment? Can it not be shown to be a paying
thing for the Government itself to. give away
so much of these lands?
Mr. Speaker, I have sometimes illustrated
this matter in this way: suppose that all the
tillable land of this country were brought,
together in a single block eight hundred miles
square, and the announcement were made to
the people of the country, " Here is this block
of land; go upon it; occupy it under the
homestead or preemption laws;" what would
be the result ? The first man who settled upon
that block of land would strike that part of it
nearest to some railroad. He would settle
within the sound of the whistle if he could.
The people would settle upon the edges of that
block of land; and there they would linger.
However rich that central section might be,
they would never strike it. The American
citizen, in this age, who will go four hundred
miles from a railroad, however rich may be
the land, has not enough of the spirit of Amer-
ican progress in him to be worthy the name
of an American citizen. Sir, you would not
find any American citizen settling upon that
land in the center, out of the reach of rail-
roads. They would woi;k arouud the edge,
and only the edge of that vast territory.
Now, suppose instead of saying, "We will
not give away an acre of this large block of
land," the Government should say, "We will
offer it all to the settlers with this sole condi-
tion : we will reserve a fifth of that mass of
land aud give away the other four fifths. We
will use the one fifth whieh we reserve to grid-
iron the four fifths with railroads. We will
run four railroads north and south, and four
railroads east and west. We will use in this
way every fifth acre, and settlors may have the
other, four fifths." Do you no.t suppose that
the actual settlers in this country would say
"amen" to that policy? Why, sir, there
would pour along the line of those eight rail-
roads a tide of population such as we have
never seen. A more beneficent act could not
be performed by the Government.
1 have thus far been unable to bring myself
to a realization of that style of argument by
which men bring themselves to the belief that
henceforth none of the.se .public lands should
be used for purposes of internal improvement.
I am unable to reason out any such policy. I
am unable to see where the premises are laid,
how the argument is built up, and how the
conclusion is reached. A doctrip-e of that
kind is not in accordance with the laws of
logic. It is all wrong in basis and .in super-
structure. .
I am sorry to say that in some of the States
of the West—some States that are proud and
majestic to-day because of the adoption of this
policy in the past—men of both parties ar$
disposed practically to say, " We have enjoyed
the results of this good policy ; thus far its
benefits have been realized, but no further
shall this policy go. We will stand here in
the midst of our developed States and we
will deny this beneficent legislation to Oregon
and other new States, and to the Territories.
Proud in our own strength, we will not impart
any to these young rising Territories." Why,
sir, we have Territories that would make em-
pires. Why should we delay the time? The
true policy is to hasten it by opening up these
lands.
While I have thus boldly argued in favor of
grants of the public lands in making improve-
ments in those States and Territories where
these lands are, yet I have been fully aware
of the sentiment which largely prevails against
this policy. I shall make haste to account for
it, and then present a method of making these
grants, which, as it seems to me, cannot fail to
meet with universal approval.
It should be admitted that, in far too many
cases, grants altogether too large have been
made—grants making the corporations receiv-
ing them vast monopolies. This has made the
people mad. And again, these grants have
been made with no conditions. These two
facts have worked the mischief. Congress, in
making the grants, and the State Legislatures
in turning them over to railroad companies,
have not reserved the right to regulate freights
and fares.
Because we have erred in the manner in
which aid has been given for local improve-
ment, it does not follow that henceforth no
further aid shall be given. I insist that the
facts which 1 have furnished compel us to seek
some middle course. What shall that be?
I think it should be this: the lands which are
given should be secured to the actual settler
at a price not to exceed $2 50 an acre, the
company building the road receiving the pro-
ceeds of the granted lands, and the settlers
receiving their patents from the Government
on presentation of their receipts of the pay-
ment. It would not then be in the power of
the company to keep a single acre out of the
market within the ten or twenty mile limit.
Every granted acre would be open to the set-
tler at $2 50. So would the ungranted portion;
that could be entered for settlement under
the homestead and preemption laws. Such a>
policy would be a signal beneficence to the
settlers; to them should the lands be secured.
When needed grants are thus made in any
State, Congress or the State should reserve the
right to prevent extortion in freights and fares,
and then will the grants be an unmixed good.
In addition to that, actual settlers would have
railroads built through those lands, by which
they would be within easy reach of the markets.
In conclusion let me say, Mr. Speaker, I
think it is wisdom not to go blindly from one
extreme to another in legislation. It is wise
to inquire if there be not a mean between two
extremes. We did giye large grants, urnlim-
ited and unconditional grants of land. Shall
we now go to the other extreme and say we
will not give one acre? No. Let us find a
golden mean; let lis find an intermediate
ground. Statesmanship should find it in the
settlement of this question of the public lands.
I danot claim to have found it. I will be sat-
isfied if in the future we grant simply lands
enough to aid in the construction of these
railroads, and not enough to make rich cor-
porations or to give those lands without con-
dition. I would fix the price at $2 50 per
acre, and make every granted acre open to
entry at that price by the actual settler. Then
you would have inaugurated a policy which
will be the beginning of another career of
rapid growth and prosperity of this country.
Our vast territories in the West will respond
to_ this legislation. Not an actual settler iu
this broad land but will say you have done
well, that you have not only given him the
privilege of entering these lands at $2 50 an
acre, but, by the inauguration of this policy
you will bring this vast domain within reach
of the markets of the country, thus makiug
them as valuable in the far West as in any
other section of the country.
Mr. Speaker, I believe there will be a better
policy. I belieye this or a like policy will
prevail again, and that we will come back to
something like wise legislation, pregnant with
the real growth of the country, aud that we
will not be satisfied with the inevitable stop
and halt which will be made if we adopt the
policy of those who say henceforth no public
lands shall be granted to aid in the purposes
of internal improvements.
