972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
time, referred to the Committee on the Terri-
tories, and ordered to be printed.
artesian well.
Mr. JONES also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1513) authorizing the Secretary of War to
expend certain moneys for the purpose of
sinking an artesian well on the Fott D. H.
Russell military reservation, in Wyoming Terri-
tory; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
order of business
The SPEAKER. Thecallof the States and
Territories for the introduction of bills and
joint resolutions having been completed, the
next business in order is the call for resolu-
tions to be presented for consideration at the
Sresent time. The call rests at the State of
Eaine.
testimony 01 respondents.
Mr. PETERS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1514) allowing respondents in criminal cases
in courtsof the United States to testify-in their
own behalf; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill was read. It provides that in the
trial of all indictments, complaints, and other
proceedings in any of the courts of the Uni-
ted States, which may be held in any State or
Territory, against any persons charged with the
commission of crimes or offenses, the person
so charged shall at his own request, and not
otherwise, be deemed a competent witness, the
credit of his testimony being left solely with
the jury, under the instructions of the court,
but the omission of any respondent to testify
shall not be taken as any inference or evidence
of his guilt.
ilr. PETERS. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the third reading and engrossment of
the bill.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Has not the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. PfeTERS] already offered one
resolution 1
Mr. PETERS. Not under this call.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the gentleman from Maine. [Mr.
Peters.] Have the Committee on the Judi-
ciary considered this question?
Mr. PETERS. A majority of the commit-
tee are individually in favor of this bill.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. RANDALL. If the Judiciary Com-
mittee are in favor of the bill, I wish the gen-
tleman to say so.
Mr. PETERS. They do say so through me.
The majority of them individually and unoffi-
cially favor this bill.
Mr. KERR. I ask that the bill be again
reported.
The bill was again read.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 8*7, noes 42.
Mr. HOLMAN. I give notice that I shall
call for the yeas and nays on this proposition,
on the queslion of the passage of the bill
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I demand tellers on
seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Peters and
Mr. farnswortii were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes one hundred and three.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not insist on
any farther count.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question was ordered ; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The SPEAKER. The question now is,
"Shall this bill pass?"
Mr. HOLMAN. On that question I call
for the yeas and naya.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes eighteen; not a sufficient number.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The question being taken on ordering tellers,
there were ayes thirty-eight.
The SPEAKER. The vote for tellers being
more than sufficient to order the yeas and
nays, the Chair, unless objection is made, will
treat the vote accordingly.
There was no objection.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 141, nays 44, not voting
54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Ames, Arthur, Averill,
Banks, Barber, Barry, Beatty, Beck, Bell, Bever-
iige, Bisrby, Austin Blair, James G. Blair, Boles,
Bright, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Bur-
dett, Benjamin F. Butler, Campbell, Carroll, Cogh-
lfm, Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Crossland, I)awcs, Dnnnan,
Dox, Da Bose, Duell, Duke, Dunnell, Farwell.
Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Garrett, Golladay,
Griffith, Ilale.llalsey, Handley, Harmer, Harper,
John T. Harris, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Ila-
zelton. Hibbard. Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Ivelley, Kel-
logg, Kendall* Kerr, Keteham, ICinsella, Lamison,
Lamport, Lansing, Le.ich. Lewis, Manson, Marshall,
Slaynard, McClelland. Mellenry, Mclntyre, Mc-
Junkin, Mclvinney, McNeely, Merriam, Merrick,
Monroe, Moore, Morgan. Leonard Myers, Negley,
Packard, Palmer. Hosea "\Y. Parker, Isaac C. Par-
ker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce. Aaron F. Perry, Eli
Perry, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Porter. Price, Prmdle,
ltainey, Head, John M. Rice, 351 lis H. Roberts, Wil-
liam R. Roberts, Sawyer, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheldon, Shcllabarger, Sherwood. Shober, Slater,
Slocum, John A. Smith, Snapp, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Stowell, Suth-
erland, Sypher. Taffe. Turner,Twichell, Unson, Van
Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Wakeman,
AValden, Warren, Wheeler, Will!.rd, Williams of
Indiana, Williams of New York, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and
Young—141.
NAY'S—Messrs. Ambler, Bingham, Bird, Burchard,
Caldwell, Freeman Clstrke, Coburn, Comingo, Con-
ger, Conner, Davis, Eldredge, Farnsworth, Finkeln-
burg, Charles Foster, Getz, Ilaldeman, Hancock,
Hanks, Havens, Hawley, Hay, Hays, Ilerndou, Hol-
man. Housrhton, Kil linger. King. Lowe, MeCormiek,
McUrew, McKee, Mercur.Morphis, Niblack, Packer,
Potter, Randall, Sloss, Stoughton, Waldron, Wal-
lace. Whiteley. and Whitthorne- -44.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnum,
Biggs, Braxton, James Brooks, Roderick It. Butler,
Vt illiam T. Clarke, Cobb, Creely, Critcher, Darral 1,
DeLarge, Dickey,Eames. Elliott, Ely, Forker, Hen-
ry D. Foster, Goodrich, Ilambleton, George 12. Har-
ris, Hereford, Lynch, McCrary, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Mitchell, Morey, Orr, Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie,
Robinson, Rogers, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sargent,, Sco-
fieiu, Shoemaker, H. Buardman Smith, Worthing-
ton C. Smith, Snyder, R. Milton Speer, Thomas J.
Speer, Strong, St. John, Swann, Terry, Thomas,
pwight Toivnsend, Washington Townsend, Tuthill,
Xyner, IV alls, and Wells—51.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
maritime interests of the united states.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 1515) in aid of the
maritime interests of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
northern liberties market company.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H, R. No. 1516J to incorporate
the Northern Liberties Market Comnany;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the ^Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
r04n0ke rivjsr.
Mr. STO WELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1517) making
an appropriation to improve the channel of
the Roanoke river; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
international copyright.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a resolution ia relation to international
copyright.
Mr. COX. I call for the reading of that
resolution. The Committee on the Library
will be in session this afternoon, and I would
like to know what the nature of the resolu-
tion is.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
"Whereas it is expedient to facilitate the repro-
duction here of foreign works of a higher character
than that of those now generally reprinted in this
country ; and whereas it is in like manner desirable
to facilitate the reproduction abroad of the works of
our own authors; and whereas the grant of monop-
oly privileges, in case of reproduction here or else-
where, must tend greatly to increase the cost of
books, to limit their circulation, and to increase
the already existing obstacles to the disseminution
of knowledge: Therefore,
Resolved, That the joint Committee on the Libra-
ry be, and it hereby is, instructed to inquire into
the practicability of arrangements by means of
which such reproduction, both here and abroad, may
be facilitated, freed from the great disadvantages
that must inevitably result from the grantof monop-
oly privileges such as are now claimed in behalf of
foreign authors and domestic publishers.
Mr. KELLEY. I move that the resolution
be referred to the Committee on the Library,
and printed.
The motion was granted.
follt gratiot reservation.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a biil (H. R. No. 1525) to authorize
the Secretary of War to survey, plat, and sell
the present cemetery grounds upon the Fort
Gratiot military reservation, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second lime,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
creel and miller.
Mr. BURDETT introduced a bill (EL R.
No. 1526) for the relief of Creel & Miller;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
exportation of spirits.
Mr. HAY, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Wavs and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency oi pro-
viding such legislation as will facilitate the free
exportation of spirits and whisky by manufacturers
of the same in thiseountri'.
appointments to office, etc.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution ;
which waa read, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed:
Resolved, That in the opinion of this House, tho
Eorty-Secomi Congress shuuldnot close its sccond
session until it shall have matured and enacted a
law to enforce a reform in the civil servico of tho
Government, at least to the extent of the following
particulars, namely:
First, to prohibit members of either House of Con-
press and officers thereof, members of the Supremo
Court and officers thereof, members of the Court of
Claims and officers thereof, and all other otiicers of
the Government of tho United States, from solicit-
ing, procuring, or attempting to procure mo appoint-
ment of any person to an office under th e Go vorn meet
of the United States, in the civil service thereof,
in any manner not m compliance with the rules relat-
ing to appointments in the civil service lately
adopted by the President, or of such modifications
thereof as may be for the time being in force.
Second, to cut off from tho leading officers under
the united States Government, in tho gre.it com-
mercial cities and elsewhere, all gains and emolu-
ments of every nature, direct or indirect, except a
reasonable salary to be fixed by law, not in anv r;tt,o
larger than the salary oi the member of thc'l'n*-
ident s Cabinet representing the same general branch
oi business.
Third, to provide for the payment by salaries only
to subordinate officers and employes in the different
branches oi the civil servico of such increased com-
pensation as will secure the sorvice of responsible
men. and allow them to live in a self-respecting
manner, not permitting perauisites or presents of
any kind, direct or indirect
montana penitentiary.
Mr. CLAGGTr, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. U. No. i-727) to c l«rge
and complete the penitentiary in the Territory
of Montana ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee 011 Public
Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to be
printed.
