1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2765
Claims operates as a final judgment, and the
party is paid the money upon the judgment
of the Court of Claims.
It seems to me that this is an unreasonable
requirement. Suppose the claims are pre-
sented to Congress, a great list of them. It
is not likely that Congress will examine the
grounds upon which those various claims rest.
If the Court of Claims, a tribunal in which the
Senate certainly must have confidence, should
find as a proven fact, in their judgment, that
a man is a loyal citizen and entitled to this
money, it seems to me that is enough. While
I wish to guard the Treasury from the claims
of disloyal people, I certainly do not wish to
throw additional burdens on those who have
proved their loyalty. I therefore move to
strike out the last clause.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves to amend further the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont by striking
out that part relating to special appropriations
thereafter to be made by Congress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Since the
adoption of. the amendment of the Senator
from Mississippi, I cease to feel much inter-
est iu the amendment. I think that virtually
takes a very large sum of money out of the
Treasury, leaving all these cases that are al-
ready on their way to the Supreme Court to
be passed upon, and of course the decision of
the Court of Claims will be reversed, and the
money will go out of the Treasury.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senate has done so
much, on the motion of the Senator from
Mississippi, to destroy this amendment, that
perhaps it may as well receive its death-blow
by the motion of the Senator from Ohio; and
yet I would not quench the spark of vitality
which still remains to it.
The Senator from Mississippi has carried an
amendment theeffectof which will be to recog-
nize and pay all judgments already rendered
in the Court of Claims, regardless of the loy-
alty of the claimants. The amendment ex-
empts from the operation of the provision we
are considering all judgments heretofore ren-
dered in the Court of Claims. The Supreme
Court, in the Armstrong case and in the Klein
case, has informed all claimants that they
need only appeal to the highest court, and
there they will find that, although a history of
treason clings to them, although they fought
against the Union throughout the war. in law,
and therefore legally in fact, they did not so
fight at all. Of course they will all go to this
Mecca of convenient oblivion. They will all
be pilgrims to the shrine at which they may be
cleansed of the sins they have committed ;
and under the amendment we havs just adopted
their judgments, even if now adverse, when
they have received the allocatur of the Su-
preme Court will probably be reversed and
paid.
What may be the bulk and total of these
judgments I do not know. I am told there
are seven millions of the captured and aban-
doned fund remaining iu the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. More than that.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator will allow
me to correct him, there are over twenty-two
millions of that fund in the Treasury at this
moment.
Mr. CONKLING. So much the better, Mr.
President, and not much better either. I am
glad to know the amount, not that I consider
it, of any consequence to the Treasury as we
are going on whether there are seven million,
or twenty-two million, or fifty-two million, be-
cause, unless we can erect new barriers, it will
all be swept into the lap of late rebels. The
doctrine announced by the court,, and the
views urged in the Senate, will beggar any
Government if extended to the claims to come
out of the late rebellion. Therefore I dismiss
the difference between seven and twenty-
two millions, in considering the question now
before .us.
Whether the judgments already rendered by
the Court of Claims, and which may receive
the vitalizing touch of the Supreme Court, are
sufficient to exhaust this fund, I do not know ;
but we have provided that those judgments,
whatever may be their total, are to be paid,
provided the Senate shall concur in the Senate
in the amendment made in Committee of the
Whole on the motion of the Senator from
Mississippi.
Now, Mr. President, let' us see what more
the Senator from Ohio proposes to do. He
proposes to strike* from the amendment that
provision which we heard it argued yesterday
by the chairman of the Judiciary Committee
is the only one having any force.
The Senator from Illinois considered all the
residue of the amendment, comparing it with
the provisions already found in the statute-
book, and he said—there is no danger of
overstating his language—speaking not only
of the proposed amendment, but of everything
that could be proposed, with the exception of
the words the Senator from Ohio seeks to blot
out, that he did not see what could be added
to provisions already incorporated in various
statutes which he read. I am not sure that
the Senator from Illinois was not warranted
in his comment upon this comparison. I lis-
tened to his reading of the statutes as they
stand; I had heard them read, and read them
myself, the day before; and each repetition of
those statutes obscures my vision still more
when I attempt to look into the process by
which the Supreme Court has been able to
arrive at its conclusion.
I am puzzled in the effort to see that a man
who presents a pardon, reciting upon its face
that he was a traitor, thereby proves that he
never was a traitor at all; and not only so,
but by that-presentation overleaps repeated
statutes which say that the door of the Court
of Claims shall be closed against him, if it
appears as a historical fact, regardless of the
question of guilt or innocence, regardless of
the effect of executive condonation or clem-
ency, that he did participate in a rebellion
which drenched the land with blood and cov-
ered it with mourning. I say every repetition
of these statutes renders it yet more difficult
to comprehend the process by which a judicial
tribunal has been able to reach such a con-
clusion.
It is difficult also to see how the language
employed by the Senator from. Vermont does
nourish or strengthen beyond peradventure
existing statutes. If language means what it
was wont to mean, the statutes as they stand
declare that the claimant must have been ac-
tually free from participation in the rebellion;
that the fact, whether he is so free or not, is a
jurisdictional fact, a traversable fact ; that the
onus probandi lies upon him; that he must
affirmatively purge himself of complicity with
rebellion, and that freedom from such com-
plicity shall constitute a jurisdictional condi-
tion-precedent to his .having any standing in
court.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend from New
York will allow me, I will state to him the
point that I suppose the Supreme Court make
in this decision. They treat the fact of dis-
loyalty not as a jurisdictional fact, as a ques-
tion affecting the jurisdiction, but rather as in
the nature of a plea in abatement. There is
just the difference. The language of the
pending amendment expressly defines this as
a jurisdictional fact, or a fact which affects the
jurisdiction, and declares that the Court of
Claims shall not assume jurisdiction of the
case unless this fact is alleged and proven.
The Supreme Court, in the decision now before
me, rather treat that requirement of the act
of 1863 as in the nature of a plea in abatement.
I suppose that is commonly the foundation for
the distinction. I must confess I cannot see
the force of that kind of reasoning, but I pre-
sume that is the reasoning.
Mr. CONKLING. I ana obliged to the
Senator from Ohio for his interruption, be-
cause it shows he is attending to my observa-
tions, and I would rather convince the Senator
from Ohio than any other Senator now,because
it is the Senator from Ohio who has offered an
amendment, the success of which is, in my
judgment, perhaps fatal to the effiaeacy of the
pending proposition.
I have read the decisions in question: the
opinion in Klein's case, from which two judges
dissented, and the briefer opinion in the Arm-
strong case, to which the whole court assented,
the minority feeling bound perhaps by the prior
decision, and I repeat that the Supreme Court
has overleaped three provisions of the statute,
clearly declaring, as matter going to the juris-
diction, that no claimant shall stand in the
Court of Claims unless he clears himself by
affirmative proof from having given voluntary
aid to the rebellion.
These statutes make it as clear as could the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont
that Congress was speaking of a verity, not
a fiction ; that Congress was speaking of what
these claimants had done in truth and in fact,
not of the effect of forgiveness afterward ;
that Congress meant to make the actual posi-
tion and action of the claimant on the one
side or the other of the bloody grapple for
the mastery in which we were engaged the
criterion—the jurisdictional criterion—upon
which he should stand or fall, upon which he
should enter in or have the door of the Court
of Claims closed against him. Unmistakably,
palpably, standing out as clear as a sunbeam
upon the face of these statutes is that inten-
tion. So far as regards the object and attempt
of Congress, if existing statutes do not aim at
the question 0f jurisdiction, they have no aim
at all. If existing provisions can be disposed
of on the ground suggested by the Senator,
the attempt to enforce our meaning by enact-
ments of the same class, in whatever form of
words, is idle.
What does the Senator from Vermont pro-
pose by the amendment as it will stand if the
words be striken out, to which the Senator
from Ohio objects? To repeat ourselves, to
restate in varied language what we have said
before. The operative portion of the amend-
ment will be that the loyalty of the claimant
shall appear as a fact found in the judgment
of the Court of Claims. If the Senator from
Vermont and those who have cooperated with
him in drafting the amendment have succeeded
in contributing one additional element to the
statutes as they are, that contribution resides
in the phraseology requiring loyalty to be a
fact found. But I need not remind lawyers
that that same intention clearly expressed
in other language is already an element of
the statute.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the permission of
my friend I will read that part of the statute,
the act of July 12, 1870. It seems to be as
strong as it is possible for words to make it on
this very point:
" Such pardon and acceptance shall be taken and
deemed in such sait in the said Court of Claims, and
on appeal therefrom, conclusive evidence that such
person did take part in and give aid and comfort to
the late rebellion, and did not maintain true alle-
giance or consistently adhere to the United States;
and on proof of such pardon and acceptance, which
proof may be heard summarily on motion or other-
wise, the jurisdiction of the court in the case shall
cease, and the court shall forthwith dismiss the suit
of such claimant."
Mr. CONKLING. There, Mr. President,
is the jurisdictional fact for my honorable
friend from Ohio; no plea in abatement, but
the hinge upon which the whole thing is to
turn. The moment it appears that the claim-
ant has reddened his hands with rebellion,
that instant he ceases to be in the character
of a claimant; that instant his claim is con-
cluded ; that instant the jurisdiction and power
of the court are at an end. Moreover, the
pardon is declared to be evidence that the
claimant was disioyal. How much more does
the Senator from Vermont say? How much
more can be said on the point? How much
