1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
77
in the discharge of their general duties, to
report upon subject-matters of that kind at
any time. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, there is no
possible reason why the Committee on Appro-
priations can better consider, or can better
present to the Committee of the Whole this
subject, than the Committeeon Foreign Affairs.
On the contrary, the Committee on Foreign
Affairs can better present it than can the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, because they know
all about the treaty; they know its construc-
tion ; they know the construction of other
treaty obligations of the Government; they
know the particular state of things which
makes the present expenditure necessary; and
they know everything which determines the
amount of that expenditure. It seems to me,
therefore, that the rules of the House show
conclusively that when they were adopted it
was the purpose of the House that subjects of
this class should not be presented through the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. BANKS. I yield now to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I made the motion to
refer this bill to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, not because I cared very much which
committee should consider it, but in accord-
ance with the rule upon which I have acted
ever since I have been a member of Congress.
I have had occasion to notice that there are
two committees in this House that a large
number of persons having interests in or in
charge of bilis almost always avoid: one is the
Committee on Appropriations, and the other
is the Committee of Claims. I have steadily
fought to send to the Committee of Claims all
bills of that kind, although they involve appro-
priations, because the rules of the House ex-
pressly require it. I have antagonized the Post
Office Committee, as my friend from Illinois
[Mr. Farnsworth] knows. When they would
introduce claims that pertain to the Post Office
Department, I alleged that they should go
to the proper committee, the Committee of
Claims, which is a committee of all claims,
because they will then be examined according
to a common rule, and everybody having a
claim would have an equal chance; whereas
the committee having particular charge of
postal matters might feel friendliness toward
claims connected with that Department which
another committee, looking over the whole,
might not. But I have had occasion to observe
that persons interested in these claims are
always endeavoring to send them to some other
committee. We have had them before the Naval
Committee. I have seen them go to the Mili-
tary Committee and the Post Office Committee
on the flimsiest excuses, because the parties
interested thought that those committees had
more time or were more disposed to be friendly
toward them. So with regard to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. I have seen mem-
bers of the House and individuals having in-
terests in appropriations dodge that commit-tee
whenever they could, because that comm>ittee
have the general supervision of appropriations
and must act upon them in accordance with
certain rules which other committees are not
obliged to act upon. Suppose that the Com-
mittee on the Insurrectionary States, or the
"Ku Klux Committee," as it is called, should
bring in an appropriation now to pay the ex-
penses of summoning their witnesses; would
not you send it at once to the Committeeon
Appropriations? Still, as the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] says in regard to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, what com-
mittee would know so well as the committee
charged with the investigation what amount of
money is necessary to pay the expenses of
witnesses and the other expenses attending
that investigation?
I would like to see this, and all bills like it,
go to the Committee on Appropriations. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
has referred to a rule which provides that this
class of appropriations shall not be mixed up
with general appropriations. But that very
rule shows that the House contemplated that
just such bills as this should go to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, for it expressly says
that that committee shall consider such bills
in a certain way ; that they shall not mix up
this class of appropriations with something
else, as the Committee on Foreign Affairs can
do; that they shall single it out, and if the
member who draws the bill and presents it to
that committee shall mix up with it something
else, then the rule expressly says the commit-
tee shall strike off everything that is extraneous
and leave that appropriation by itself.
The rule which the Speaker has had read,
and which has been referred to by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] con-
templates that this bill and everything like it
shall go to the Committee on Appropriations.
But, as I said when I rose, I care nothing
about the rule on this bill. I shall vote, how-
ever, as I have always voted, to keep all
appropriations before the Committeeon Appro-
priations, and all claims before the Commit-
tee of Claims.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman has
referred by way of illustration to the Commit-
tee on the Insurrectionary States. I would
ask him which committee would be the best
judge of the amount necessary to pay the wit-
nesses summoned by that committee, that com-
mittee itself or the Committee on Appropri-
ations ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I said that the commit-
tee that had the investigation in charge was
the proper one to determine that question ;
but that when that committee had taken action
on the subject the appropriation asked for by
them should go before a disinterested com-
mittee, and be considered by them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not only before a
disinterested committee, but a committee that
is entirely innocent of any knowledge of the
subject.
Mr. SCOFIELD. They could get their
knowledge from the committee that is inter-
ested in getting that appropriation.
Mr. BANKS. I have only one word more
to say, and then I will leave the question to
the House. The course advocated by gen-
tlemen on the other side of this question is
entirely impracticable. I need only to say to the
House that it is impossible for one committee
to consider the merits of this treaty and for
another committee to consider the questions
of the appropriations necessary to give it effect.
Suppose the Committee on Pensions should
declare that a certain individual or class of
individuals was entitled to a pension, and the
House should approve that finding of that com-
mittee; the Committee on Appropriations
declares that the money shall not be appropri-
ated to pay that pension; what sort of a Gov-
ernment have you there? You should give the
subject and all that relates to it to one com-
mittee or the other. There are some twenty
or thirty committees of this House, each just
as capable, important, and honorable as the
Committee on Appropriations; not more so.
But it is impossible that the Committee on
Appropriations should consider all the sub-
jects, perform all the labors, and discharge
all the duties of all the other committees; and
it is equally impossible for them to say whether
an appropriation shall be made for a subject
that is only considered and reported upon by
another committee.
I have but one other remark to make, and
I ask the attention of the Speaker to it; that
is, if the House shall refer this appropriation
bill to the Committee on Appropriations this
day, I would ask whether or not that commit-
tee could make a report upon it until called in
its regular order? More than that, if this appro-
priation shall be referred tothatcommittee, and
it shall embody it in a general appropriation bili,
then when it shall come up for consideration in
the House or in Committee of the Whole any
member can demand that this appropriation
for the treaty shall be stricken out on his indi-
vidual objection to it, because it is not author-
ized by any law. Now, with what propriety
can gentlemen come to us and say that we in
this House shall consider no bill that has an
appropriation in it until that appropriation has
been approved by the Committee on Appro-
priations?
Mr. MORGAN. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts permit me to ask a question ?
Mr. BANKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORGAN. Is it not the fact that, from
the earliest period in the history of the Gov-
ernment down to the present hour, whenever
an appropriation has been necessary to carry
out the terms of a treaty the bill for that pur-
pose has been reported from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly, that has always
been the practice. Appropriations of this kind
have always been reported by the Committee
011 Foreign Affairs. In the case of the French
exposition in 1866 the bill was recommended
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs; such
has been the action in every similar case, aud
it has never been objected to. It is the prac-
tice of the House; it is consistent with the
rules ; and no other course is possible under
a practical form of government.
I wish only to call the attention of the House
again to a point I have already suggested, and
I ask the Speaker to correct me if I am wrong.
If this identical appropriation were inserted in
an appropriation bill, in pursuance of an order
of the House, and if that bill were before the
House as a privileged question and under con-
sideration in Committee of the Whole, could
not any member object to its being acted upon
on the ground that it was not an appropriation
authorized by law, and therefore not within the
scope of the Committee on Appropriations?
Certainly that is the rale of the House; and
such being the rule, it is unreasonable for
gentlemen of the Committee on Appropria-
tions to ask, in this case of pressing emer-
gency, that they should have exclusive control
of this question.
If all the other committees of the House
are ready to surrender their rights and submit
themselves to the supervision of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, the Committeeon For-
eign Affairs will do the same thing. But unless
the committees generally are ready to abdicate
their positions and duties we must insist upon
our rights. I should be glad, for myself, to
submit to the supervision of the Committee
on Appropriations; but I am sure that the
gentlemen of that committee, and especially
my honorable friend from Maine, [Mr. Hale.]
have too many pleasant engagements at this
season of the year [laughter] to allow them to
take it into consideration. I shall ask a vote
of the House upon this question of commit-
ment, and then I shall ask that the subject be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER,. The Chair will have to
differ on one point from the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks;] and he only
speaks lest he might be misunderstood. Should
the appropriation embraced in this bill be re-
ported in a general appropriation bill, (and
the cognate bill would be the diplomatic and
consular appropriation bill,) then the Chair
agrees with the gentleman from Massachusetts
that a single objection would strike it out; but
not because it would be an appropriation not in
pursuance of law. The Chair apprehends that
as a treaty is the highest law of the land an
appropriation to carry out a treaty would be
in pursuance of law. But the appropriation,
would have to be excluded on the ground
that it is not competent for the House to con-
sider, in connection with any other subject
whatever, an appropriation for carrying into
effect a treaty. The Chair reaches the same
conclusion as the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, but bases his opinion on a different
ground.
