1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1869
j upon the merits of it by calling the
previous question or anything of that kind. I
propose, when this bill is called up for con-
sideration, that its merits shall be considered.
I see no reason why our friends who are
opposed to it should not enter upon a discus-
sion of its merits at this time as well as any-
other time. Certainly, everything the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Conger] has said
to-day shows that he is able to enter now upon
a discussion of the merits of this bill.
Mr. CONGER. Will the gentleman yield
to me a few minutes longer?
Mr. DAWES. Very well.
Mr. MA YNABD, I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Conger] if this bill
was so amended as to exclude lumber from its
operations would it be acceptable to him and
others?
Mr. CONGER. Tiiat would relieve itfrom
that feature most objectionable to my State
and the people I represent.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I suggest to the
gentleman to move that amendment, so that
we may have the matter before us.
Mr. CONGER. But, Mr. Speaker, one
word more. I have said that I do not wish
to enter into the discussion of this bill at the
present time ; but I do wish (and that is my
sole object now) to say enough to show that
the bill affects the interests of the people of
Michigan, and that its passage would operate
injuriously upon a large number of our peo-
ple. Hence, it has become necessary for me
to state to some extent our situation in order
to awaken the attention of the House that
we may liave an opportunity more fully to
discuss this bill hereafter.
As I have already suggested, there is much
of this injured pine timber in Michigan, Wis-
consin, and Minnesota; for it was not Chi-
cago alone that suffered by fire ; fires extended
through the States I have named. It has been
necessary, therefore, to put upon the market
this year an unusual quantity of pine timber,
both in order to save it and to furnish employ-
ment to hundreds and thousands of lumber-
men in the pine woods who would otherwise
be compelled to starve or be dependent upon
charity.
I have entered upon this subject sufficiently
to show why the admission of Canadian lum-
ber, duty free, into the markets of the United
States must necessarily in the present over-
stocked condition of the lumber market, pro-
duce ruin to the men who are engaged in
immediate competition with Canadian lumber-
men, and who are now getting out their lum-
ber under great disadvantages and at largely
increased expense.
Mr. Speaker, the reason why we are not
prepared now to take up this subject, the
reason why I do not wish to discuss it at
present, is that we did not expect this bill to
be taken up until next week. There has been
110 consultation about it; the documents
which I wish to lay before the House, the reso-
lutions of our Legislature, the figures, &c., re-
lating to this subject, and which I demand the
right to present here and to have considered,
are not now at hand. Therefore I am not
prepared to discuss the question now.
Several Members. Fix a day.
Mr. CONGER. I move that this bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
with the right to report it at any time after one
week. This proposition will give us the time
to which we are entitled.
The SPEAKER. The latter part of the
gentleman's motion, proposing to give the
committee power to report at any time, can
only be entertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONGER. I hope there will be no
objection to my proposition.
Mr. DAWBd. I suggest to the gentleman
to fix next Monday or Tuesday for the consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say a
Ucu'd or two upon this bill at the present time. |
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is holding the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This bill was passed
by this House some time ago. It has beeu
very thoroughly discussed in, the Senate on
three different occasions: first, when the bill
was originally passed; again, on a motion to
reconsider that vote; and again, within thelast
two or three days upon the final consideration
of the bill in that body.
The bill presents but a single point; and it
seems to me that no gentleman can with pro-
priety say that he requires time to prepare Him-
self to discuss that point. The measure pre-
sents simply the question whether the people
in the city of Chicago who have had their
buildings destroyed by fire shall be allowed
a drawback to the extent of the duty upon
imported materials which may be actually used
in the reconstruction of those buildings? That
is the whole question.
Mr. ETNKELNBURG. I wish to ask the
gentleman one question at this point: whether
the bill does not apply to a great many articles
which cannot by any means be construed to be
articles of necessity, but .which are in fact
articles of luxury, and whether it does not in
its operation apply to men who have not been
sufferers, but perhaps gainers by the fire?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, the
bill applies in its terms to the reconstruction
of buildings upon lots which were burned
over. If a man has sold his lot since the lire,
the man who rebuilds upon that lot may have
the benefit of this provision. It is impossible
to make a law without some incidental bene-
fits. That is all there is of it, Mr. Speaker.
Now, does it requiie time for my friend froin
Missouri [Mr. Finkelnburg] to prepare him-
self to discuss that question'/ He asked me a
question which goes to the merits of this bill.
The people of Chicago, as spring approaches,
as it is upon them, as the frost is coming out
of the ground, are desirous of malting exten-
sive preparations for rebuilding the burnt por-
tion of that city. They want to know, and it
is of the utmost importance for them to know,
whether they are to have the benefits of this
bill or not. They want to know it in time.
Laborers are waiting by thousands in that city
for employment; builders are standing wait-
ing; architects, too, with their plans prepared,
are waiting, all waiting to know what they
may depend upon.
This simply provides that the man who has
once paid duties on materials which went into
the construction of his building, and which
building was consumed by fire, shall not be
required to pay the same thing over again.
That is all thure is of it, that he shall not be
taxed over again by reason of the calamity
which visited him m the great lire m the cily
of Chicago. That, sir, is ail there is of it.
My friend from Michigan [Mr. Coxger]
represents a lumber district, and his people
are interested in lumber. I know that the
people of Wisconsin and of Michigan suffered
by fire last year. I will go as far as he who
goes farthest to ameliorate their condition,
but I will not ask that my people shall specu-
late on their calamities, and it is not fair for
the gentleman to ask that his people shall
speculate upon the losses by fire, of the people
of Chicago. Had there been no fire m Chi-
cago the lumbermen of Michigan could not
sell this lumber to the people of the burnt dis-
trict, and they could not have the benefit of it.
There having been a tire, they ought not to be
so clamorous, it seems to me, for the right to
resell to Chicago at high prices. Prices have
gone up to double and triple m some instances
for these articles. These prices have increased
immensely in consequence of the rush to re-
build. It is to stop this increase of prices, it is
to prevent the power of men to combine in order
to put up the prices of materials in Chicago
ready to be used, that I ask that this bill may
be passed, and passed at once. I do not object
to discussion. Let the bill be discussed. The
bill will stand discussion.
Mr. CONGER. That is all I &sk.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let us discuss it
right along and dispose of it to-day.
Mr. DAWES. 1 yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. stodghtolf.l
Mr. STOUGHTON. Mr. Speaker, I have
a few^ suggestions which I desire to make at
this lime. There are some grave objections
to the proposed measure for the relief of
Chicago, resting upon constitutional grounds
as well as justice and public policy, which,
in my opinion, ought to receive the careful
consideration of this House. The Constitu-
tion of the United States declares that all
duties, imposts, and excises shall be uniform
throughout the United States. Now, it is
proposed to take the imposts and duties off
from all building materials within certain lim-
its in the ciiy of Chicago only. 1 know that
it is claimed by the friends of this measure
that this is in the nature of a drawback ; but
this does not answer the objection, It is not
uniform throughout the United States, and is
therefore plainly hi violation of the spirit if
not the letter of the Constitution. The effect
of this bill would be to make Chicago a free
city at the expense of other sections of the
country. It is what the Constitution of the
United States plainly intended to prohibit.
It is an attempt to give to the city of Chicago
an undue advantage over every other city in
the United States. I submit to the honor-
able chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means that before we are compelled to vote
upon such a proposition we ought to have a
fair opportunity of discussing its merits.
I am by no means wanting in sympathy for
those who suffered by the fire in Chicago. I
know tliat when the telegraph brought the
news of that great calamity it appalled every
heart. Contributions were liberally sent to
the sufferers from all parts of the world. All
throughout southern Michigan, where I reside,
the people contributed car-load after car-load
of provisions and clothing for the Chicago suf-
ferers. And while we were doing that, news
came fiom northern Michigan that our people
were suffering in the loss of all their prop-
erty and in the loss of life no less than the
citizens of Chicago, and it is not surprising
there should be a strong feeling all through
the State of Michigan against this unequal
and unjust measure. Tliey have a right to
demand that Congress shall give no peculiar
advantage, no peculiar privileges, to the city
of Chicago, which, in individual suffering, is
no more unfortunate than portions of Mich-
igan and Wisconsin. Why, sir, the desola-
tion there was so terrible that whole neigh-
borhoods of people were absolutely driven
into the waters of the lake and the rivers to
escape destruction from fiie, and buildings,
crops, and fences were entirely swept away.
Now, are these people to be entirely over-
looked, and nobody but the people of Chicago
regarded? Is that right? Is that just? I
appeal to the House to give us an opportunity
of discussing this question. If a proposition
so unfair to our people is to be urged, 1 ask
that wo may have at least the right and priv-
ilege of discussing and opposing it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Nobody opposes
discussion. But referring the bill to a com-
mittee for a month or two is not discussion.
That would be burying it out of sight.
Mr. STOUGHTON. We do not propose to
have the bill buried in that way, although it
doubtless ought to be buried out of sight and
hearing. The bill has been called up without
notice, and we are not prepared with the
documents and papers which would enable
us to fully meet the question. We want an
opportunity to be heard fairly and squarely on
this proposition, and I believe the House will
generously accord it to us.
I have two amendments which I desire at
