1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3663
facilities for doing business which are allowed
by otlier nations to a far inferior grade of dip-
lomatic representative. We do not allow
him a clerk to assist him in trying cases
involving the riglns of American citizens in
Japan. It is hard indeed. I know Irom per-
sons who have been there that Minister De
Long has been compelled to sit up night after
night until daylight in wriiing up the evidence
brought before.hun, in order that he might be
better able to do justice to all parties con-
cerned. Yet this Congress—no, not this Con-
gress. but one gentleman here, objects to
allowing our minister to Japan the service
of a clerk to help him in bringing about jus-
tice between the parties who come before
him!
Mr. HOLMAN. Why did he not stay there
to attend to his business instead of idling
about Washington?
Mr. COGHLAN. He is not here now.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has he not been here?
Mr. COGHLAN. He has been here, and
he came under the orders of his own Govern-
ment 10 aitend the Japanese embassy. He
was doing his duty as an American minister.
He came here by order of his Government,
and by order of his Government he has re-
turned.
Mr. HOLM AN. When did he leave?
Mr. COG ULAN. He has been gone about
a mouth ; I cannot say accurately, but I think
about a month. 1 will not de'am the House
further than to state the fact that the minister
is now compelled to take the testimony him-
self and write it down himself, and not only
to hear it and write it down, but to hear it in
his own private parlor, instead of having a suit-
able rootn for that purpose and the clerical
assistance allowed by every other Government
to its minister under like circumstances.
Mr. BANKS. 1 now yield to the gentleman
from New York for whatever time he may
desire.
Mr. BROOKS. My honorable friend from
Indiana [Mr. Hoi.man] is so accustomed to
oppose all measures arising here that he feelii
it to be his duty now to hit at everything, right
ami left, no matter what it is. Among oilier
thing-i he bits ve,ry oiten in the light place.
Nine tenths of the time he is right; but he is
80 much in the habit of opimgnation that he
hits at everything, just as well as unjust.
The honorable gentleman has said there is
no commerce with Japan*. I am sorry he does
not keep up with the stati.-tics of the age. Jf
he had referred to the official report of our
own commerce, which he has in his own room,
if not on his desk, he would have found we
have an enormous commerce with Japan.
The duties collected in New York amount to
one million——■
Mr. HOLMAN. I refer to exports; that
we exported our bullion there to bring back
their ware.
Mr. BROOKS. I will limit it to exports,
then. He admits we have a great deal of im-
ports. I am not going into any lengthy table.
Our exports for the last four mouths, irom
January 1, to April 20, 1872, the latest date
given in our statistical returns of merchan-
dise, was $780,5-1!), and of treasure $3,558,719,
making §4,73'.),'268 in all. Now, my honor-
able fnend from Indiana must admit that is
something in the way of commerce and trade.
He must admit, too, that our imports are by
no means incousidetahle.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman will per-
ceive that his statistics sustain my statement
that substantially we have no commerce.
Mr. BIIOOKS. I have given from the table
the fact that our exports amount to nearly five
million dollars.
Mr. HOLMAN. A mere bagatelle.
Mr. BROOKS. It is a big bagatelle; and I
onlywUhl had half of it. We have nearly five
million dollars of exports; and that is by no
means a mere bagatelle. If it is it is a big baga-
telle. I do not like to see our trade underrated
with any country. In the way of exports we have
not much to brag of. I have not the statistics;
but I venture the assertion that these exports
are much larger than those to Brazil, quite as
large as to Mexico, a contiguous territory, and
larger than to Central America. Japan is one
of the Powers with which we have a large and
largely increasing commerce. The gentleman
undervalues all this. I call his attention to
the fact that the minister in Japan, and this
secretary of legation to be appointed, do all
the judicial business of the United States in
that country.
Mr. HOLMAN. A commercial agent would
do as well.
Mr. BROOKS. For a commercial agent to
do it as well he must know something, he
must be a lawyer, he must be acquainted with
not only mercantile, but with legal affairs.
Neither my honorable friend from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] nor myself would like to be
tried for our lives or property by mere com-
mercial agents, with paltry salaries, who might
happen to know nothing either of the law or
of commercial principles connected with the
law.
I call the attention of the House to the fact
that the minister at Japan and the secretary
of legation at Japan are judicial officers, su-
preme courts, superior couits, the high courts
of appeal. In all matters of commerce or
where life is concerned, as well as property,
these men must approach the authorities of
Japan. And how are they to approach them?
W ho can learn the Japanese language in any rea
sonable time? It is not like the French language,
or the Spanish, or the Italian. It is a language
to be learned, like the Chinese, with infinite dif-
ficulty—a language not to be learned under
five or six years of hard study. Jt is neces
sary to have some American or two Atneri
cans who understand these languages, in order
that our legation may be able to approach the
authorities of these eastern countries and be
able to fairly represent tlieir own people. At
present the medium of all our intercourse,
diplomatic and commercial, with the high
authoiities of Japan is a very intelligent Jap-
anese, [shihashi, who acts as interpreter for
us, and at ihe same time as interpreter for his
own Government,; and of course this means
of interpretation is very unfair and very unjust
to our country.
Now, the policy of other nations is very dif-
ferent. The British Government not only pro-
vide themselves with ministers and secretaries
of legation, but they have six interpreters, six
English-born interpreters, who are sent out
there especially to be educated, and who live
in the British mission, and who are not only
preparing themselves to serve their country,
bur whose reward is to be, if they learn thor-
oughly to comprehend the language, the con-
sulate of Japan and of China afterward.
I do not wish to detain the House at any
greater length on this subject, because I do
not think thete can be much difference of
opinion on a matter like this. The Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs are unanimous in rec-
ommending this bill; and I think I have sue
ceeded m showing all the statements of the
gentleman from Indiana to be incorrect as
well as unjust.
Mr. BANKS. If no other gentleman desires
to make any remarks on this bill, I wish to
present one or two considerations which ap-
pear to have escaped the attention of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] and I
will then call the previous question.
The gentleman frotn Indiana [Mr. Holman]
has expressed the same opinions as we have
heard here time and time again oil this sub-
ject.. There is no doubt whatever that the
diplomatic system of representation between
nations might be improved. The distinguished
gentleman who now represents us in France
has expressed here frequently the same views
which we have heard expressed by the gentle-
man from Indiana. Yet when he became a
representative of the Government of the Uni-
ted States in France he did find there was
something to do; lie did find there was some-
thing to be done for the protection of Ameri-
ean citizens; and he did find also that there
was some honor for the Government he serves,
in the protection he extended over the Ger-
mans, who were suffering iu every conceiva-
ble way during the great war between France
and Germany. And i remember very well that
a distinguished Senator representing a State in
another place than this, when a member on
this floor, used to declaim against the system
of diplomatic representation; yet when he
became a representative of the Government
abroad, the files of the State Department will
show that no more earnest and constantly re-
peated remonstrances against tlie inefficient
support given to our representatives were
ever made than came from his legation and
his pen. And the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman,] if he should ever have the
honor, as I trust he may, to serve this Govern-
ment as minister to some one of the tirst Gov-
ernments of Europe or of Asia, will find that
not only is his position one of honor, but that
it is one of great service to the people he rep-
resents.
The gentleman has said that a commercial
agent is sufficient to answer all the [imposes
of this Government in other countries. Per-
haps, in regard to commerce, that might be
sufficient, but there are other considerations
than those of a commercial character. The
gentleman from Indiana knows very well that
no commercial agent or consular officer has
the right to appeal to the Government of any
foreign State in regard to a diplomatic ques-
tion, and if the question of the protection or
the liberty of an American citizen was involved,
as they have occasionally been involved before,
tlia only method of reaching the Government
of a foreign State is through a diplomatic rep-
resentative of this country. Wu^ the gentle-
man from Indiana say he desires no prelec-
tion for Ameiieans. whether called abroad in
the pursuit of business or from considerations
which cannot be avoided, and are there subject
to wrong, to imposition, to arrest., to impris-
onment? Will lie say that this Government
will give thetn no protection, and that no man
shall be placed there to speak a word for them
in i he name of the American Government?
Perhaps if the system could be changed it
might be well; but it is founded on diplomatic
usages, on the comity of nations; it is em-
bodied in the system of international laws
that has grown up with civilization, and that
has increased and strengthened in import
ance as nations advanced in civilization, until
now it is indispensable in these times, wnen
so many people are passing from one coun-
try to another. If we could abolish this sys
tem by any act of ours we might consider it,,
but we have no power to touch the system by
any legislation we could enact. We have only
to lecognize the existence of the system as it
now stands and adapt ouiselves to it and give
our citizens the benefit of it, until it shall tie
changed by the general agreement ot the
nations of the earth, to which I shall be as
willing to assent as anybody else.
Now, in regard to Japan, I am sure the
members of the House agree with the com-
mittee, who gave this sunject most careful
consideration, that if we are to have represent-
atives in Japan it is essential 10 maintain the
interests of this country, both commercially
and politically, at that court, that we should
have inteipreters between us and Japan, and
that object, can be attained only by some provis-
ion of the character reported by the Committee
on Foreign Affairs. T he appointment ot two
students was as little as we could asi* the
House to accord to us in this connection.
Mr. NIBLACK. I agree with my colleague
