1871.
THE CONGKESSlOtfAL GLOBE.
n
no law calculated to give effect to the terms
and restrictions of this fourteenth amendment.
The first part of this second section of the
fourteenth amendment provides that—
" Representatives sliall be apportioned among the
several States according to tlxeir respective numbers,
counting the whole number of persons in each State,
excluding Indians not taxed."
A question arises whether the language
imposing this restriction is to reccive a broad
or strict construction. I take it that when
the object is, or when the attempt is made
to so use it as to abridge the right of a
State to representation upon this floor, itshould
receive a strict construction. I do not think,
however, that it is necessary to decide or de-
termine now, for the purpose of discussing
this apportionment bill, precisely what class
of cases were designed to be included in the
word "denied." It appears to me, without
very much reflection upon that point, that the
position taken by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Air. Maynard] yesterday was well
taken, that it meant something beyond the
power of the citizen to control, and that it
did not mean to apply to that class of restric-
tions which every State, for its own security
and its own protection, and for the purity of the
ballot-box, saw proper to throw around it.
But I say that Congress has failed to pass any
law by which the number of the persons re-
ferred to could be ascertained and determ-
ined. The Census Bureau has, in an imperfect
manner sought to obtain that information;
but they have proceeded and they have taken
the census under the law of 1850. No law has
been passed by Congress since the adoption
of the fourteenth amendment providing any
way or manner for ascertaining the number of
persons who were denied the right of suffrage.
The law of 1850, under which this census was
taken, is specific in its terms, and it has incor-
porated within it a list of tables or schedules,
some six in number, giving the forms which
shall be submitted to the assistant marshals,
and which they should cause to be filled. It
might appear at first blush that these were
merely directory, and that under that law the
Department of the Interior or the Superin-
tendent of the Census might modify and change
them, but, by reference to the law of 1850, it
will be found that these tables, these sched-
ules, are made a part and parcel of the law,
and have the same force and effect as if they
were incorporated into it and formed a part of
the text, as they in effect do form a part of
the text of that law. They are made so by the
twenty-second section of the act, which reads
thus:
"The tables hereto annexed, and made part of this
act, are numbered from one to six inclusive."
Thus you will see that they are made a part
of the act, and have the same force and obliga-
tion as any other part of it.
The next section, section twenty-three, pro-
vides that unless the mode of taking the cen-
sus shall be changed by law the census shall
continue to be taken and made in pursuance
of the same act. I will read the twenty-third
section. It is as follows:
"If no other law be passed providing for the taking
of the eighth, or any subsequent census of the United
States, on or before the 1st day of January of any
year, when, by the Constitution of theTJnited States,
any future enumeration of the inhabitants thereof
is required to be taken, such census shall in all
things be taken and completed according to the pro-
visions of this act."
It requires, then, that these forms and sched-
ules shall be adhered to. It is true the last
Congress sought to prepare some legislation in
reference to taking the census, and a commit-
tee reported a bill"to this House, but that bill
failed to become a law, and the census was
taken in pursuance of the law of 1850. Then,
without any law, without any statute, without
any act of Congress whatever, the Department
of the Interior or the Superintendent of the
Census sought to procure this additional inform-
ation. They thought it might be right and
proper, and afford some information that would
be of value, and hence in the preparation of
their blanks they added a column to which I
desire to call the special attention of the House
in order to show that in their attempt they have
prepared it so imperfectly that it affords no
satisfactory information to this House. I have
in my hand one of the blanks which they pre-
pared, to which they have added columns,
numbered nineteen and twenty. I refer to this
in order that members may apply to these
columns an extract from the report of the
Superintendent of the Census, which I shall
presently cause to be read. The general head-
ing of these columns is " Constitutional Regu-
lations." That they have subdivided into two
parts: one part, No. 19, is headed " Male citi-
zens of the United States of twenty-one years
of age and upward;" No. 20 is headed "Male
citizens of the United States of twenty-one
years of age and upward whose right to vote
is denied or abridged on other grounds than
rebellion or other crime."
Mr. HALDEMAN. May I aak my colleague
if those columns were not added in pursuance
to an amendment of the act of 1850 that ori-
ginated in the Senate, and was acceded to in
this House?
Mr. MERCUR. I understand not. I have
arrived at the opinion which I have from some
careful examination of the laws myself, and
from conferring with the Superintendent of
the Census, who himself told me there was no
law authorizing them to do so.
Now, I was proceeding to refer to these
columns. No. 20, you will observe, makes
the assistant assessors the judges both of law
and of fact—a class of men, in the main, illy
qualified to discharge those duties. If there
had been any law authorizing it, I have no
doubt that law would have been framed differ-
ently. To arrive at an intelligent result, a
blank form ought to have been prepared, con-
taining numerous subdivisions, showing (if any
man said he was disfranchised) the reason or
ground upon which he said his disfranchise-
ment was based. The facts should have been
reported here, and then Congress would have
determined whether those facts brought the
individual within this clause. They should
have ascertained and reported the facts only
in separate columns, instead of attempting, as
this column does, to combine both fact and
law.
I am not disposed by any means to censure
or find fault with the Census Bureau in this
respect. The fault lies with Congress, if any-
where, for not having passed some law pro-
viding for the collection of this information.
The Census Bureau has, however, taken it in
an imperfect manner, by which it appears that
the male citizens of twenty-one years and
upward in the United States, excludiiigtlie Ter-
ritories, amount in the aggregate to 8,314,805,
and the number of citizens deprived of the
right of suffrage for other causes than for par-
ticipation in the rebellion or for crime amounts
to 40,380. Those thus disfranchised are dis-
tributed among all the States in this Union.
The largest number is put down as being in
the State of Missouri, which is reported as
containing 9,265 persons thus disfranchised.
Mr. FINICELNBURG. Will the gentle-
man allow me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. MERCUR. Yes, sir.
Mr. FINICELNBURG. I desire simply to
state here, by way of correction, that there is
not a single person disfranchised in the State
of Missouri. I do not mean to say that this
showing arises from any error of the Commis-
sioner of the Census, but the fact is that it is an
error, that no one is disfranchised.
Mr. MERCUR. I was going to make the
statement which the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Finkelnburg] has made. I have not
undertaken to say that this showing is correct;
my object is to show that it is all incorrect.
What I stated, and what I now repeat, is that
according to the information obtained by the
Census Bureau, as shown by this report, there
are nine thousand two hundred and sixty-five
persons in the State of Missouri thus disfran-
chised. The next highest in number is Rhode
Island, with two thousand eight hundred and
thirty-five persons thus disfranchised ; and it
goes on down until some States have but-a few
hundred, and some of them less than one
hundred so disfranchised.
The point I desire to make is that this whole
table is utterly inaccurate ; it is not reliable ;
it is not made in pursuance of any law ; it is
without weight, and consideration is not given
to it at the Department. In this connection
I send to the Clerk's table and ask to have
read au extract from the report of the Com-
missioner of the Census. That report has not
yet been printed; it is at the Government
Printing Office. But the Superintendent of
the Census has kindly furnished me with this
extract, which contains his views and his opin-
ions in regard to this matter.
The Clerk read as follows :
"To schedule No. 1 two inquiries were added
(Nos. 19 and 20) in compliance with what was be-
lieved to be the requirements of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution. The first was
intended to obtain the number of male citizens of
tho United States in each State of twenty-one
years and upward; the second, to obtain the num-
ber of such citizens whose right to vote is denied or
abridged on other grounds than rebellion or other
crime. No anticipations were entertained that the
results of these inquiries would be of value for the
purpose for which directly they were introduced
into the schedule, but it was believed that, in tho
absence of any legislative provision for determining
these two classes of the population, in order to carry
out the requirements of the fourteenth amendment,
the Department would not be clear if it neglected
to make the attempt, it being the only executive
organ through which, without such special provis-
ion, the information could be obtained, and the
present being the only time for ten years when the
attempt could be made.
"The census is not the proper agency for such an
inquiry. The questions of citizenship and of the
denial of suffrage to rightful citizens are mixed
quostionsof law and fact, which an assistant mar-
shal is not competent to decide. No particular value
is attributed to the results of these questions, so far
us tho original object is concerned, but incidentally
it is believed information of value has been ob-
tained. The count thus required of tho total number
of male citizens above twenty-one in each State and
in tho United states, while it perh.aps has not author-
ity enough to be used in reducing the representative
rights of a sovereign State, has yet been carefully
made, and is believed to be as exact as most statis-
tical results. The information is of a kind never
before obtained in the country, and has certainly an
important bearing upon political philosophy anu
political history in the United States."
Mr. MERCUR. I also send to the Clerk's
desk and ask to have read an extract from a
communication received by this House yester-
day from the Secretary of the Interior, cover-
ing a portion of the same ground.
The Clerk read as follows:
"It is necessary to state, in transmitting these
tables, that the Department is disposed to give but
little credit to the leturns made by assistant mar-
shals in reg.ird to the denial or abiidgment, of suf-
frage. The unfavorable judgment of the Depart-
ment in respect to this single class of statistics is
formed, first, from the application of certain statis-
tical tests, and second, from a consideration of the
agencies employed, which are not deemed adequate
to the determination of the numerous questions of
difficulty and nicety which are involved."
Mr. MERCUR. Mr. Chairman, that is all
that I desire to say upon the question which
arises on the application of the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution. I now wish
to say a few words beating upon the substitute
and the amendments. When I had the honor
to address the House a few days ago, I had not
since last session refreshed my recollection in
regard to all the intermediate steps by whicii I
arrived at the ratio of representation. I gave
the starting point and the conclusion, but I
omitted some part of the intermediate pro-
cesses, which would have made the manner in
which I arrived at it more clear and specific.
In the first place, the Union now consists
of thirty-seven States. Four of those States,
Delaware, Nevada, Nebraska, and Oregon,
have each a population so small that, but for
the express provision of the Constitution that
each State shall have at least one Representa-
tive, they would not be entitled to a Repre-
sentative on this floor under any apportion-
