1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
remark is altogether answered by the Senator
from Vermont. He says that it' there be no
provision requiring a special appropriation,
but a general provision under which payment
follows a judgment, as matter of course, the
Supreme Court having affirmed a judgment, or
pronounced judgment in a case coming from
(he Court of Claim?, might hold that they had
the same right by mandamus to execute and
enforce the judgment they would have in any
other case. That is the Senator's point, is it
not?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir. In other words,
if the question of loyalty is unimportant in
giving jurisdiction to the Court of Claims, they
can pass it by ; it is unimportant as a condi-
tion in the act of appropriation.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Or, in still other words,
the'Supreme Court, according to its reasoning,
would have the same power to enforce its judg-
ment in the case of a disloyal pardoned man
that they would in any other case.
Mr. MORTON. Precisely.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I do not see any answer
to that. In logic there can be no answer to it.
Any power that the Supreme Court would have
toenforce a judgmentin your favor, Mr. Presi-
dent, it would have to enforce a judgment in
favor of the most unrepentant rebel who came
within the pardon upon which the court has
based its decision in these two eases. Does
anybody doubt that ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The answer to that would
be that the Supreme Court will probably still
recognize the authority of Congress over the
Treasury; and therefore if Congress only directs
that money may be paid to a certain class of
persons guided by certain facts, if you say it
is the fact of red hair or black hair, or blue eyes,
any fact, they recognizing our power under the
Constitutioif to determine how money shall be
paid out, although their logic might be per-
fectly good, would be obliged to say to them-
selves, " We cannot carry out our logic on the
ground that Congress has made no appropri-
ation of money, and has given no authority of
law by which this class of persons are entitled
to receive any."
Mr. CONKL1NG. Certainly; and such is
the inference which the Senator from Indiana
draws from his statement. He says, in order
that we may hare the full benefit of the doc-
trine now announced by the Senator from
Vermont, this amendment should stand as it
is, requiring a special appropriation, and then
of course the court would be constrained by
the reasons the Senator from Vermont sug-
gests.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That I agree to entirely.
That is the only vital thing there is in the
amendment now.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I conclude with this
observation: according to the arguments made
on both sides, if we trust to the provision pro-
posed without the concluding words, and it
fails, there is no remedy except to abolish the
Court of Claims. That is very clear so far as
any argument has gone. On the contrary, if
we adopt the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, including its final words, we put up
an effectual barrier in behalf of our statute,
and ifit turns out to be inconvenient hereafter;
because that is the only danger in it; if it turns
out to be inconvenient, it will be time in the
light of experience to repeal or change it.
If it should appear important that the right
of appeal to the Supreme Court (which these
words might take away) is essential, it is very
easy to relax that part of the statute in par-
ticular cases, or in all cases. If it turns out
that appropriations lag and fail, that claim-
ants are subjected to delay and lassitude in
obtaining their money, experience is the best
lamp by the light of which to modify the
amendment. But if we adopt the suggestion
of the Senator from Ohio, and strike it out,
we have stricken out the only certainly effica-
cious words, and we leave to ourselves no
remedy which the Senator himseli'Tias been
able to suggest except to abolish the Court of
Claims, and that, I submit to him, is a last
resort. ■
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to detain
the Senate more than a few moments in'reply
to the honorable Senator from New York.
He cannot deny that this requirement is a
harsh, delaying, and for the time at least,
unjust provision of Jaw to a claimant who has
under your law secured a judgment in the
Court of Claims.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me interrupt my
friend just there to say a thing that I entirely
forgot. I do not admit that this is harsh; but
I wish to attract my friend's attention to this
distinction: when the statute first provided
for this court, it brought up here for review
all manner of cases from the Court of Claims
and all so'rts of questions in the various cases.
If we say this now in this regard as to this
class of cases, it would really call upon Con-
gress to examine and ascertain no fact what-
ever except the fact that in regard to this par-
ticular statute the claimant in his character
was void of offense.
Mr. SHERMAN. I repeat, however, that
this requirement to ask a suitor, a loyal suitor,
such as is described in this act, who has pros-
ecuted his claim for years in the Court of
Claims, and has finally obtained a judgment
of that court that he was a loyal man, that his
property, captured or abandoned, was sold by
the United States, and the proceeds converted
and paid into the Treasury, then to come here,
is a harsh requirement. Suppose a man has
obtained the judgment of a court which the
Senator himself eulogizes, a court that has
protected the Treasury so far as I know, and
has decided questions of doubt in favor of the
Government, which has not passed its juris-
diction or violated in any respect the law;
when such a loyal claimant has the judgment
of such a court, is it not hard, is it not un-
reasonable to delay the payment of that judg-
ment until he appeals to another tribunal to
examine into the facts of the case?
The Senator says there will be no delay in
Congress. Bat how can he say that in view
of the thousands of claimants who have come
to us with honest claims and have been delayed
year in and year out until finally delay has worn
them out and driven them perhaps to the grave.
Congress is the last place in the world which
I would advise any man to appeal to with a
claim for private redress. There must be some
great public moving cause to induce the action
of Congress. We know how difficult it is to
get even a good private claim through Con-
gress. Therefore it is that we have organized
this court to examine claims, and have author-
ized their judgmeut to be final and conclusive.
Now, sir, 1 am decidedly in favor of the
object sought to be accomplished by the Sen-
ator from New York. As he knows himself,
this particular amendment meets my hearty
approval, except with the last clause, and why 1
The whole difficulty grows out of the opinion
of the Supreme Court in a particular case. I
do not approve of that opinion, and yet I can
see that there is reason for it. For the Senate
of the United States to say that the unanimous
opinion of the Supreme Court, concurred in
by all the nine judges, does not meet with
sufficient respect to at least create a doubt in
our minds, it seems to me is treating the decis-
ion of the Supreme Court with unnecessary
severity. Cannot lawyers perceive how the
Supreme Court might decide so ; and yet they
would not decide that a disloyal man could sue
in the Court of Claims where the fact of dis-
loyalty was made a question of jurisdiction?
I have not given these decisions the careful
reading that some of the other Senators have;
but I have read them as I could here at my
desk; and it is very plain to me that the
Supreme Court decided that the question of
loyalty does not affect the jurisdiction, but is
simply a matter in abatement. It is true, that
I think the act seems to point it ont as a ques-
tion of jurisdiction; but the effect of the
Supreme Court decisions is that they treat it
as a plea in abatement. Suppose the act
declared that no woman should sue in the
court unless she could aver that she was a
single woman. In such a case as that, if the
objection was made at any t.ime before .the
trial, a plea in abatement might be* made that
she had a husband living, and in such a case
the plea in abatement would be held good and
the suit dismissed ; but if the plea in abatement
was not put in at the proper time the suit might
go on and be prosecuted to its final stages, and
the judgment be paid and collected and the
plea in abatement would be barred. They re-
gard this requirement as to proof of loyalty
as in the nature of a plea in abatement, aud
they say that that proof of loyalty is dispensed
with by the subsequent act of pardon.
But, sir, tbis law was intended to meet that
very difficulty, and to meet it at the very
threshold, and that was that the proof of loy-
alty should extend to the jurisdiction of the
court, and that no person who did not allege
and prove his loyalty, not only should not sue
in the court, but that the court itself should
not take jurisdiction of the cause. The one
extends to theperson of the suitoras to whether
at the particular time he had a right to sue in
the court, whether he was loyal, whether he was
non compos mentis, or whether he was a man of
sound mind, whether he sues by his guardian,
whether the wife joined with the husband, &c.
The Supreme Court treat it rather in the nature
of a plea in abatement to the suit. They say
that the allegation and proof of loyalty is a
question that affects, not the jurisdiction of the
court, but affects the'suitor as to his status in
the court. But when we here by an act of
Congress declare, in so many words, that the
fact of loyalty shall be established and shall
affect the jurisdiction of the court, that the
Court of Claims shall not have jurisdiction of
a case until the proof is first made that the
claimant was a loyal man daring the war, it
seems to me that that is guard enough. I have
no doubt that the first clause of this section
as it now stands would protect the Treasury of
the United States from the claims of disloyal
men ; bat if there is any doubt about that, here
is the additional requirement,which it seems to
me is amply sufficient:
" That no judgment of said court in any case under
said acts"—
That is, under the captured and abandoned
property acts—
"shall be paid unless such finding shall be stated
as a proven fact in the judgment of said court."
What additional guard have you here ? Let
the judgment of the Court of Claims be taken
to the Secretary of the Treasury; let him look
on the face of the papers and see no allega-
tion that the plaintiff was proved to be a loy'al
man as an affirmative fact, and do yon suppose
the officers of the Treasury would pay the
money, notwithstanding all the decisions of
the Supreme Court that could be heaped mount-
ain high ? Certainly not, because the act of
Congress declares that they shall not pay the
money from the Treasury unless this proven
fact is found by the judgment of the Court of
Claims.
You can have no safer protection than that.
Do you suppose Mr. Brodhead, or • Mr. Tay-
ler, or the Secretary of the Treasury, or any
other officer who is sworn to obey the law—
officers who in their functions act as supreme,
and whose judgments are final—is it to be
Supposed that they will not obey that provis-
ion of the law? Certainly not. I have no
doubt from the face of these decisions that
the Supreme Court will at once admit that
Congress hare a right to limit the jurisdiction
of the Court of Claims, and have a right to
prescribe what kind of cases shall be brought
before that court. The point which they have
made their decision rest upon will be in very
words negatived, and they will obey the law,
as we are bound to do and as they are bound
