28
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
[February 6,
Senate.
Bights of Citizens—-Mr. ThuTWMn.
42d Cong...,2d Sess.
by blood or affinity with them, and if for that
purpose you should obtain a charter so that
that charity might be properly administered
and the cemetery be preserved as long as
you should have a descendant, in steps this
bill and says that into that cemetery of your
family shall be thrust the body of any negro,
any colored man or white man or anybody
else, whose friends see fit to demand its ad-
mission there. Is that liberty? Is not that
unmitigated tyranny? So take any other case.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to interrupt him at that point ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I take it for granted
that in the case of a cemetery which was
designed to be used only by certain persons,
and it was proposed to bury the body'of a per-
son in that cemetery who -was not authorized
and entitled there by the ownership of lots or
other privilege, it would be entirely legitimate
to prevent it or exclude it. This amendment
only punishes it where it is done solely on
account of color. Take, for instance, a pub-
lic cemetery where lots are open for sale.
Any citizen of the United States has a right
to go and buy lots there. The question is,
shall he be excluded from buying a lot there
simply because he is a colored man? Not
whether he is to be buried in a lot I have pur-
chased or which any other man owns, but
whether he shall be denied and debarred the
privilege of becoming a purchaser and owner
of a lot there for the single reason that he is
a colored man?
Mr. THURMAN. Does not my friend see
that he puts the knife to the throat of his own
bill ? Does he not see that upon his statement
the whole provision can be got rid of by sim-
ply incorporating cemeteries in which white
people alone are to be buried, and in which
nobody but a white man has the right to buy
a lot? Sir, if you can incorporate a cemetery
association in which nobody bat your own pos-
terity are to be buried, you may in the same
way have one incorporated in which nobody
but Episcopalians are to be buried, nobody
but Catholics are to be buried, nobody but
Methodists are to be buried, nobody but white
people are to be buried, nobody but colored
people are to be buried, and when you do that
do you not see that your bill, if you pass it, is
nothing:but, a sham and a delusion ; that it is
holding out a promise to these colored people
to tickle their fancy, when really it amounts
to;nothifigat all?
Now, sir. I say that, although for myself,
when I shall shuffle off this mortal coil, I shall
be very indifferent, I dare say, whether I am
reduced to ashes, after the manner of "the an-
cients, or whether I am buried in the ground,
or whether I am cast into the sea, whether my
then worthless carcass shall be disposed of in
one way or another, yet there will be among
those who survive me some who will feel an
interest in my resting-place; and when their
taste and their wishes may be gratified with-
out 'injury to any one, for Government to step
in and say they shall not be gratified, would
be simply an act of despotism.
Now. in regard to the principle on which
these bills rest: the Senator from Massachu-
setts says that his bill rests on' the principle
that the persons against whose sets or refusal
to act it is aimed are the creatures of law, or
rather their occupations or powers are created
by law. That he said when he made his first
speech on the bill, and I believe that he has
stood by that position up to this time. The
Senator from Wisconsin says that his substi-
tute ignores that position- and rests upon
another principle j that what he aims at are
institutions that are supported by taxation.
So I understand him. But it will be very
'difficult for him, I think, to reconcile his
substitute to his principle. Is a common inn
supported by taxation? Is a railroad com-
pany supported by taxation ? Does a common
carrier derive his means from taxation ?
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator certainly
does not wish to misrepresent me, or to answer
an argument I did not make.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly not.
Mr.CARPENTER. My amendment refers,
in the first place, to " any public inn." That
is a complete substantive subject. The next
is "or of any place of public amusement or
entertainment for which a license from any
legal authority is required." That is a sec-
ond class. The third is "or of any line of
stage coaches, railroad, or other means of
public carriage of passengers or freight."
That is an independent class. " Or of any
cemetery or other benevolent institutions or
any public sehool supported at public expense
or by endowment for public use." That is
another class. The inn is not supposed to be
supported by taxation even in this substitute.
Mr. THURMAN. That is just what I was
going to say, if my friend had not interrupted
me. His principle extends to only part of
the substitute. It does not extend to the inn ;
it does not extend to a place of public amuse-
ment; it does not extend to the common car-
rier; and I do not know how far exactly it
extends to the rest of it. I wish the Senator
would explain it. I will read his amendment,
or part of it:
That whoever, being a corporation or natural
person and owner, or in charge of any public inn;
or of apy place of public amusement or entertain-
ment for which a license from aw legal authority
is reijuired—
I wish to ask him whether those qualifying
words, !< for which a license from any legal
authority is required," apply only to the last
antecedent, "any place of public amusement
or entertainment," or whether they apply to
"public inns" as well ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I understand they do
not apply to the public inn.
Mr. THURMAN. . Very well. Now we
come to the next clause:
Or of any line of stage-ooaches, railroad, or other
means of public carriage of passengers or freight,
or of any cetnetery or other benevolent institutions,
or any public school supported at public expense or
by endowment for public use.
Now, I wish to know if these qualifying
words, "supported at public expense or by
endowment for:public use," are limited to the
last antecedent, "public school," or whether
they apply to the other antecedents, "ceme-
tery or other benevolent institutions?"
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator will notice
by examining the amendment that it was in-
tended to be fixed and made as certain as it
reasonably could be by the punctuation of the
paragraph:
That whoever, being a corporation or natural per-
son, and owner, or in charge of aBy public inn; or
of any place of public amusement or entertainment
for which a license from any leaal authority is re-
quired; or of any line of stage-coaches, railroad, or
other means of public carriage of passengers or
freight; or of any cemetery, or other benevolent
institutions, or any public schools supported, in
whole or iii part, at public expense or by endow-
ment for public Use, shall, &c.
• Mr. THURMAN. My copy is not so punc-
tnated; the last semicolon is not in it.-
Mr. CARPENTER. If that is not entirely
plain, and the Sena-tor will suggest what will
make it so, I will accept it, I regard it as
entirely plain.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not understand the
Senator as having answered my question. Do
those qualifying words apply to cemeteries and
Other benevolent institutions as well as to
schools?
Mr. CARPENTER. They do.
Mr. THURMAN. Then 1 think it will be
necessary to amend the language; otherwise,
there will be the greatest possible doubt on
that subject. The Senator from Wisconsin,
then, adopts the idea of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, so far as a place of public amuse-
ment is concerned, because he requires that
the place of public amusement shall be one for
which a license from some legal authority is
required. No matter whether it is supported
by public money or not, if it is a place of en-
tertainment for which a license from any legal
authority is required, then it comes within the
substitute of the Senator from Wisconsin. But
in regard to cemeteries, benevolent institu-
tions, and public schools, he ignores the found-
ation of the Senator from Massachusetts and
puts them, not on the ground of their being
creatures of law, but on the ground that they
are supported at public expense or by endow-
ment for public use; while in regard to the
inn and the stage-coaches, railroads, or other
means of public carriage of passengers or
freight, he ignores both the one and the other,
and makes his bill apply, although the inn may
not be a licensed inn, although it may not be
supported by public money or by any endow-
ment for public use, and the same in regard
to the common carrier whether incorporated
or not. So that the principle of the Senator
from Wisconsin will not support the whole of
his bill, nor will the principle of the Senator
from Massachusetts support the whole of his.
In neither case is their principle coextensive
with the provisions of their bill.
The Senator from Massachusetts saw that,
and in a speech made by him some time ago
on his bill, he said that the inn is the creature
of the law; I believe he said preeminently the
creature of the law, and has been from time
immemorial. I deny that the inn is the crea-
ture of law. What is an inn? Take my own
State. There is not, I believe, a licensed inn
in all Ohio, because every man there has a right
to set up an inn. There was a time, befoie the
new constitution was formed, in which inns
had to be licensed by the courts of common
pleas, but since the adoption of the present
constitution every man has jast the same right
to set up and maintain an inn that he has to
set up and maintain a shop or any other place
of business ; so that the inn in Ohio is not the
creature of law at all.
But then my friend will say, "Does not
the law apply to the inn?" To be sure it
applies to the inn; and so it applies to him,
and so it applies to me, and to you, sir, and to
us all. When he says that the law applies to
the inn, and that it is part of the common law
that the innkeeper must receive every guest
who is not afflicted with contagious disease or
is not an improper person to be admitted, and
must afford him accommodation if he possess
accommodation to afford him—when he says
that is the common law in regard to inns, he
does not prove that the inn is the creation of
law; he only states what is the common law
in regard to the duties of an innkeeper; jost
as I might show what is the common law in
regard to the duties of an attorney-at-law or
of an agent, or what is the common law duty
of a keeper of a store or of a shop. Why,
sir, it is the common- law that if you open a
store for the retail of merchandise, and I am
a peaceable, clean, healthy individual, I .have
jost as much right to step into that store to
buy goods as any other man has, and if yon
refuse me you violate my right. That is the
common law which applies to a man who opens
a store for the retail of goods, just as the other
is the common-law duty of the innkeeper;
bat that does not prove that he is the creature
of the law.
Again, take the common carrier; the com-
mon carrier is not created by law. There is
only a code of common law -that applies to
the comowm "carrier, just as there is a code
