THE €©KG®ESSIOmL GLOBE.
February 12,
second seotion of the codification act revising
the postal laws bo amended.
Also, the petition of numerous soldiers of
the State of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to
pass a law equalizing bounties, and to amend
the twenty-fifth section of the act of Congress
approved July 15,1870, so as to allow soldiers
and sailors to enter the amount of land therein
allowed without requiring settlement thereon.
By Mr. HOLMAN: The petition of R. N.
Papet, publisher of the Ripley County Journal,
to reduce and equalize the postage on news-
papers and periodicals, printed in whole or in
part, to regular publishers and dealers in news-
papers and periodicals.
By Mr. JONES: The petition of William
J. Larimen, praying compensation for prop-
erty taken from him by Indians in July, 1864.
By Mr. LAMPORT: The petition of Wesley
D. Smith, asking an investigation and trial of
the " electrical indicator."
By Mr. LANSING: The petition H. Souie
& Son, in relation to postage on newspapers
and printed matter.
By Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri: The
petition of Lindsay, Murdock, Montgomery
& Wingo, publishers.
By Mr. McJUNKIN: The petition of Susan
Davis, dependent mother of William W. Davis,
late a private in company E, one hundred and
third regiment of Pennsylvania infantry vol-
unteers, praying the passage of an act grant-
ing her a pension.
Also, the petition of John M. McCandless,
E. L. Varnum, and 50 others, citizens of But-
ler county, Pennsylvania, praying the passage
of ail act granting a pension to Susan Davis,
dependent mother of William W. Davis, de-
ceased, late a private in company E, one hun
dred and third regiment Pennsylvania volun-
teers.
By Mr. McKEE: The petition of ex-soldiers
of the United States Army, citizens of Mis
sissippi, asking that the military strength of
Vicksburg be preserved by keeping the channel
of the Mississippi river in its present course.
By Mr. NEGIjEY : The petition of workers
in the Soho iron-works, Pittsburg, Pennsyl-
vania, against a change of tariff.
Also, the petition of workers in B. McCul-
lough & Co.'s iron mills, Pittsburg, Pennsyl-
vania, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of workers in the Birming-
ham iron works, Alleghany county, Pennsyl-
vania, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of William H. Denniston,
to obtain pay for services rendered as second
lieutenant, first lieutenant, and captain during
the late war.
Also, the petition of Glover & Mather, for
compensation and damages on account of the
non-fullillment on the part of the United
States of a certain contract.
By Mr. PALMER : Petitions from the pub-
lishers of the Shelby County Record, Ring
gold County Record, Adams County Telegram,
and Decatur County Enterprise, in the State
of Iowa, for a modification of the postal laws
so as to authorize the transportation of news-
paper sheets in the mails at lower rates of
postage.
Also, a petition from the trustees of the
First Methodist Episcopal church in Couucil
Bluffs, for payment of a claim against the Gen-
eral Government.
By Mr. PERRY, of New York: The memo-
rial of D. L. Babcock and others, remonstrat-
ing against the proposed removal of the duty
on lumber.
By Mr. PLATT: The petition of Edward
L. Young, of Portsmouth, Virginia, for a pen-
sion.
By Mr. PORTER: The remonstrance of
H. L. Pelouze & Co., type-founders, and 10
others, workers in their establishment in the
city of Richmond, Virginia, against any change
in the tariff laws abating the duties on print-
ing types now successfully produced in Amer-
ican founderies, and praying a repeal of all
duties on the raw materials used in the pro-
duction of type, namely, tin, antimony, and
type-metals, so that home industries may be
fostered and defended.
By Mr. RAINEY: The petition of M. Levi,
R. F. Felder, W. F. Lesesne, and others, citi-
zens of Clarendon county, South Carolina,
praying the restoration of the cotton tax.
By Mr. RANDALL: The petition of Joseph
Delavan and several hundred others, journey-
men cigar-makers, asking an increased tariff
on imported cigars.
Also, the petition of S. A. Harvey, guard-
ian and mother of the minor children ot Wil-
liam E. Spheer, late a captain of company E,
twenty-sixth Pennsylvania volunteers, asking
a pension for said minor children.
By Mr. RICE, of Kentucky: The petition
of John Russell and others, citizens of Boyd
and Greenup counties, Kentucky, remonstrat-
ing against a change of the existing tariff
laws abating the duties on such articles as are
successfully produced in this country.
Also, the petition of Lewis K. Kibbe and
others, citizens of Boyd and Greenup counties,
Kentucky, remonstrating against a change of
the existing tariff laws abating the daties on
such articles as are successfully produced in
this country.
Also, the petiiion of K. R. Culbertson and
otheis, citizens of Boyd county, Kentucky,
remonstrating against a change of the exist-
ing tariff laws abating the duties on such
articles as are successfully produced in this
country.
By Mr. ROGERS: The petition of N. K.
Kingsland, Hon. Samuel Ames, and others,
citizens of the sixteenth congressional district
of New York, regarding the laws and regula-
tions governing appointments to and removals
from public offices.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of Henry
Harris, of Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin, for the
passage of an act that persons known as deal-
ers in newspapers and periodicals may receive
by mail such quantities as they may require in
bulk, whether wholly or in part printed, and
pay the postage thereon as received at the
same rates pro rata as regular subscribers to
publications weighing four ounces, who pay
quarterly in advance.
Also, the petition of Robinson & Brother,
of Green Bay, Wisconsin, on the same subject.
_ Also, the petition of Stacks & Hoit, of Ber-
lin, Wisconsin, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of R. L. I). Potter, of
Waushara, Wisconsin, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of John Wilcox and 25
others, citizens of Omro, Wisconsin, protest-
ing against the amendment of the Federal
Constitution by incorporating in it a recogni-
tion of God as the source of all authority and
power in civil government, and of the Lord
Jesus Christ as the Ruler among the nations,
and His revealed will as of supreme authority.
By Mr. SNAPP : The remonstrance of Mar-
des, Luse & Co., type-founders, and29others,
workers in their establishment in the city of
Chicago, Illinois, against any change in the
tariff laws abating the duties on printing types
now successfully produced in American found-
eries, and praying for a repeal of all duties on
the raw materials used in the production of
type, namely, tin, antimony, and type-metal,
so that home industries may be fostered and
defended.
Also, a remonstrance against any change of
the tariff laws abolishing duties upon such
articles as are. successfully produced in this
country.
Also, the petitions of J. Rassel Smith and
of Thomas S%Sanger, and also of Galhger &
Williams, asking that section one hundred and
sixty-two of the revised codification of the
postal laws be amended.
By Mr. SPEER, of Georgia: The petitions
of William Ezzard, of Fulton county, and of
Philip M. Russell, of Chatham county, asking
the removal of their political disabilities.
By Mr. STEVENSON: The petition of E.
Johnson, George Smith, Jerry Wallace, Alex-
ander McGowan, R. S. Crandall, and 183
others, soldiers of the war for the Union, pray-
ing an equalization of bounties and an amend-
ment of the homestead act.
Also, the petition of E. Johnson and 187
others, soldiers, asking an equalization of
bounties.
By Mr. STOUGHTON: The petition ot
over 100 soldiers and sailors of Pittsburg, ask
ing the equalization of bounties.
Also, the petition of John Haley, late cor-
poral company G, fifteenth Michigan infantry,
asking a pension.
Also, the petition of Michigan pensioners
residing in Chicago, asking payment of pen-
sions through the post office.
Also, the remonstrance of 112 citizens of
St. Joseph county, Michigan, against the pro-
posed religious amendment to the Constitution
as subversive of religious liberty and the theory
of our Government.
Also, the remonstrance of D. C. Hender-
son and others, citizens of Allegan, Michigan,
against the manufacture by the Government
of envelopes and business cards below cost.
By Mr. TWICHELL; The petitions of Mrs.
Mary Andrews, widow of William Andrews,
a soldier in the war of 1812; of Mrs. Eda
Rowell, widow of Rul'us Rowell; of Mrs. Lydia
Stimpson, widow of William Stimpson; and
of Mrs. Margaret C. Keith, widow of Robert
Keith, for pensions.
By Mr. VOORHEES: The petition of Har-
rison Mnniss in reference to the transportation
of newspapers in the United States mail.
. Also, the memorial of retired Surgeon Gen-
eral William M. Wood, United States Navy.
By Mr. WARREN: The memorial of James
F. Dailey and others, journeymen cigar makers
of the fifteenth congressional district of New
York, asking an increase of duty on imported
cigars.
Also, the memorial of journeymen cigar-
makers of the fifteenth congressional district
of New York, asking an increase of duty on
imported cigars.
By Mr. WELLS: Papers for the relief of
William S. Mitchell.
Also, the remonstrance of William Bright,
type-founder, and 87 others, workers in his
employment, in the city of St. Louis, Missouri,
against any change ia the tariff laws abating
the duties on priming types now successfully
produced in American founderies, and pray-
ing a repeal of all duties on the raw mate-
rials used in the production of type, namely,
tin, antimony, and type-metal, so that home
industries may be fostered and defended.
By Mr. W1LLARD: The petition of Mrs.
Lucy A. Nichols, of Waterbury, Vermont,
praying to be restored to the pension-rolls.
By Mr. W1LLIAMS, of Indiana : The peti-
tion of J. W. Baker and T. J. Zimmerman,
publishers of newspapers, asking a modifica-
tion of section one hundred and sixty-two of
the revised codification of the postal laws.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition of
S. F. Wetmore, of Waverly, Ohio, praying
that section one hundred and sixty-two of the
codified postal laws now before Congress be
so amended as to make newspapers printed
on one side legal mailable matter at the mini-
mum rate.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
The following papers were withdrawn from
the files of the House and referred to the
appropriate committees:
By Mr. HARMER: The papers in the case
of Clarissa Huhn, widow of George Huhri,
contract surgeon United States Army.
Also, the papers in the Case of Mary A.
Benner, widow of John Beimer, private com-
pany A, sixty-seventh Pennsylvania volun-
teers.
Also, the papers in the case of Catherine
