3664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
[Mr. Holman] that, very much of this diplo-
matic system is inconsistent with our political
condition, and really an excrescence upon our
form of government and our form of society.
I believe that most of our foreign relations
ought to be. transacted through consulships
and consular agencies, and if it were an ori-
ginal question with me I would not vote to send
ministers resident to but very few of the great
nations of the earth. I think the offices are
for the most part the most perfect sinecures
in the world. And that is not all. In many
instances the conduct of our foreign ministers
is a matter that brings us into disrepute with
nations abroad on account of their notorious
unfitness for the relations they assume with
foreign Courts without any previous training.
But it is not an original question. Our re-
lations with Japan are of a very interesting
character just now, and are likely to become
more and more important and at the same
time more interesting. I should think it there-
fore unwise in us to refuse to extend those re-
lations, and to refuse to grant that which the
Committee on Foreign Affairs has asked us to
enact into law. I therefore, for one, do not
like making opposition to it. I think if the
gentleman will call the previous question the
bill will pass at once, and we can proceed to
the other business of the committee.
Mr. BANKS. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bents dub japan.
Mr. BATIKS, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported back, with amendments,
House bill No. 2797, providing for the pay-
ment to the Government of Japan, from the
indemnity fund, the sum due oil account of
rents Cor lands and buildings occupied by the
diplomatic and consular representatives of the
United States to Japan, and for other purposes.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of State to pay to the Government
of Japan, through its resident diplomatic
representative in the United States, out of the
moneys received from said Government under
the convention of October 22, 1864, any sum
not exceeding $G,000, which may be found to
be due to the Government, of Japan by that of
the United States on account of rents for
lands or buildings occupied by the diplomatic
or consular representatives of the United
States in Japan.
The second section provides that a sum not
exceeding $5,000 per annum be, and the same
is hereby, authorized and directed to be paid
out of the income arising from the Simonoseki
indemnity fund, to be used to defray the ex-
penses ot' renting, furnishing, and keeping a
suitable building, with grounds appurtenant,
in Yedo, or such other place in Japan as
shall be approved by the Secretary of State,
for the use of the diplomatic representative,
as a legation building, court house, and jail,
such expenses to be subject to the allowance
and approval of the Secretary of State.
The third section provides that a further
sum, not to exceed $2,500, be, and the same
is hereby, also appropriated, outof any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
for the purchase of a suitable law-library for
the use of said legation in Japan, the selection
of such library to bo made by the Secretary of
State.
The amendments reported from the com-
mittee were to add to the first section the words
"to be paid out of the Japanese indemnity
fund, of October 22, 1864;" to strike out
" Simonoseki," in the second section, and
insert in lieu thereof the word "Japanese;"
also to strike out of section three the words
" out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated," and to insert the words
"to be paid outof the Japanese indemnity
fund, of October 22, 1864."
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of order
that this Japanese indemnity fund has been
covered into the Treasury, and therefore this
bill makes an appropriation.
Mr. BANKS. It has not been covered into
the Treasury.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not see how, under
the present law, it could avoid being cov-
ered in.
Mr. BANKS. Because it has never come
into the possession of the United States in
such a manner as under the law in relation to
unexpended appropriations to go into the
Treasury. But I will not dispute the point
with the gentleman. I ask consent of the
House that this bill may be considered in the
House as in Committee of the Whole under the
five-minutes rule.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The amendments reported by the Committee
on Foreign Affairs were agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] what
is the condition of this fund, and why it is not
affected by the law which covers into the
Treasury unexpended balances of appropria-
tions ?
Mr. BANKS. I will explain to the gentle-
man. The law covering into the Treasury
unexpended balances relates to appropriations
of money made by Congress. This money has
never been appropriated by Congress; it has
never come into possession of the Government
so as to reach the Treasury. It is a fund paid
to this Government under a treaty arrangement
by the Japanese Government in consideration
of certain injuries done to us. We shall ask
Congress to dispose of this fund before we leave
the subject, but at the present time it is not
affected by the law in regard to covering any
unexpended balances and appropriations into
the Treasury. It is in the hands of the Secre
tary of State, in bonds of the United States,
and paying interest to the United States.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. How long has it
been there?
Mr. BANKS. It was received under a treaty
made in 1864.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Is there any reason
why it has not been paid into the Treasury?
Mr. BANKS. Because it is not a fund like
other funds raised in pursuance of law. It is
a distinct and different fund, remaining to the
credit of the United States, in bonds of the
United States, and paying interest to the
United States.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. As I probably did
not catch all the words of the gentleman, I
would like to hear upon what ground it is pro-
posed to return this money to Japan?
Mr. BANKS. It is not proposed to return
it to Japan. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. W. R. Roberts] will read in the Globe
of to-morrow morning a report of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, giving a history of
this fund. We do not propose to-night to
touch upon the disposition of this fund at
all or any part of it. The appropriations re-
ferred to in this bill, very small in amount,
not amounting to over eight or nine thousand
dollars, are debts, with one exception, due to
the Government of Japan for rent of buildings
and land long since enjoyed and used by the
United States. We propose to pay these back
arrearages to the Government of Japan from
this fund, which was paid to us by Japan. We
suppose we have a right to do that, and that
the House will consent to it. The first sum
mentioned i n the bill is for rents due to the Gov-
ernment of Japan for the use of the United
States legation building at Zurphuji, Tokei, the
items of which are:
Legation buildins, from September, 1859, to June,
1872 $1,354 32
Legation lot, from September, 1869, to June
1872  964 50
Lot No. i78, bluff, from August, 1868, to June
1872  670 82
Lot No. 27, on bluff, May, 1859, to May, 1872. 657 00
Consular lot, Hakodadi  600 00
Vice-oonsular lot, Hakodadi  50 00
Improvements on consular lot   1,600 00
Total     ®5,896 64
These are debts due to the Government of
Japan for the use of buildings and grounds.
We own no buildings or grounds there. There
is no place even for the commercial agents to
hold their offices and discharge their duties.
For ten years past we have for this purpose
availed ourselves of the use of property of the
Japanese Government. The whole amount
of rent which has accrued within this time is
$58,000. We propose now to pay it, not from
the Treasury, but from the Chin'ese indemnity
fund.
The second provision of the bill is that the
sum of $5,000 per annum shall be set apart
out of the income of the same fund for the
payment of rents for buildings used by our
minister and our consuls in different parts of
Japan. Our minister now occupies a house,
the rent of which he pays out of his own salary.
This house has been occupied, not for a few
days, but all the time by crowds of parties and
witnesses in litigations in which American citi-
zens are interested. All such cases have been
heard and decided in the private apartments
of the minister. Of course we cannot pretend
that it is equitable or just that he should give
up for the use of the Government of the Uni-
ted States his own private house hired at his
own expense for the use of his family. Hence
we ask that $5,000 shall be appropriated for
the renting of land and buildings suitable both
for diplomatic and consular offices.
The next, provision of the bill is that the
sum of $2,500, shall, in the discretion of the
Secretary of State, be paid" for a law library
for the use of our legation, to be selected by
the Secretary of State. In the distant Court
of Japan there are no American or English
law libraries ; there are no text books or other
works of referenc'e.  There is nothing accessi-
ble, except a few congressional documents,
which have been sent there by our Govern-
ment, and which are of no use to Japan, and
of very little use, so far as I know, to anybody.
We ourselves, recognizing their inutility, have
prohibited the sending of those documents
hereafter to our different legations, except by
an express order of the Government. Our
diplomatic and consular officers both in China
and Japan represent to us that in hearing and
determining the judicial cases that come before
them it is absolutely necessary that at least
the elementary legal works and the books of
American decisions should be accessible to
them, in order that they may determine intelli-
gently the questions coming before them.
The expense of this library is not to come out
of the Treasury, but is to be paid out of the
Japanese fund. As I have already said, the
committee has prepared a very full statement
of the origin, character, and extent of this
fund. That statement will be found in the
Globe of to-morrow morning. I hope that
without further discussion the House will be
willing to concede the appropriations asked in
this bill, which have bee* unanimously agreed
to by the committee, and which are also
recommended by the Secretary of State.
I ask the previous question.
Mr. DICKEY. I hope that we shall not
have the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. It would not be according
to the understanding.
