1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1873
Mr. CONGER and Mr. NEGLEY called for
the yeas and nays on that question.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were—nineteen in the
affirmative ; not one fifth of the last vote.
Before the resnlt of the vote was announced,
Mr. CONGER called for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering tellers;
and there were—thirty-one in the affirmative,
being more than one fifth of a quorum.
The SPEAKER. The vote on ordering
tellers being enough to order the yeas and
nays, the Chair will regard it as equivalent to
ordering them, if there is no objection.
No objection was made ; and the yeas and
navs were accordingly ordered.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. If the main
question shall be now ordered, will it cut off
all further discussion upon this bill ?
The SPEAKER. Of course.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. And all
amendments?
The. SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. If the main question is now
ordered, the first vote will bo upon the motion
to refer, and should that motion not prevail
the next vote will be upon concurring in the
amendments of the Senate ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has stated
it correctly.
The question was then taken ; and there
were—yeas 94, naya 70, not voting 67 ; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Arthur. Averill, Banks,
Beatty, Beck, Beveridge, Biggs, Braxton, George
M. Brooks, Buffinton, Burchard, Caldwell, Camp-
bell, Coburn, Coghlan, Conner, Crebs, Crocker,
Crossland, Dawes, Donnan, Dox. Duel), Dunn el I,
Eames, Elliott, Ely, Farnsworth, Harwell, Henry D.
Foster, Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Hancock, Harper,
George E. Harris, Hawley, Hay. Holman, Hough-
ton, Kendall, Kerr, Lamport. Lansing, Leach, Man-
son, Marshall, McCrary. McKee, McNeely, Mer-
riam, Merrick. Monroe, Moore, Niblack, Orr, Pack-
ard, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Pendleton, Perce,
Eli Perry, Price, Prindle, Hdward Y. Rice, John
M. Rice, Ellis II. Roberts, William It. Roberts,
Robinson, Sessions, Shanks, Sherwood, Shober,
Slater, Slocum, John A. Smith, Thomas J. Speer,
Stevens, Storm, Swann, Terry. Thomas, Tyner,
Wakeman, Walden, Wheeler, Whitthorne, Wil-
lard, Williams of Indiana, Williams of New York,
Winchester, Wood, and Young—04.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Archer. Barber, Bigb.y,
Bingham, Bird, James G. Blair, Buckley, Burdott,
Conger, Creely, Critcher, Davis, Dickey, Du Bose,
Duke, Eldredge, Finkelnburg, Wilder D. Foster,
Griffith, Hale, Halsey, Hambleton, Handley, Hanks,
Harmer, John T. Harris, Havens, Gerry W. Hazel-
ton, John W. Hazelton, Herndon, Hibbard, Hill,
Hoar, Kelley, Killluger, King, Lewis, Lowe, May-
nard, McClelland, McCormick, McGrew, MeHenry,
Mclntyre, Mcjunkin, McKinney, Mitchell, Mor-
gan, Leonard Myers, Negley, Packer, Isaac 0. Par-
ker, Peck, Aaron i:\ Perry, Peters, Poland, Ran-
dall, Read, Ritchie, Rusk, Sargent. Sawyer, Scofi eld,
Sheldon, Shellabarger, R. Milton Speer, Stoughton,
Sutherland, Sypher, Taffe, Washington Townsend,
Turner, Van Trump, Waldron, Wells, Whiteloy,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—79.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Bar-
num, Barry, Bell, Austin Blare, Boles, Bright, James
Brooks. Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Carroll, William T. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Cobb,
Comingo, Cotton, Cox. Darrall, De Large, Forker,
Charles Foster, Frye, Garfield, Goodrich, Haldeman,
Hays, Hereford, Hooper, Kellogg, Ketcham, Kin-
sella. Lamison, Lynch. Mercur, Benjamin F. Mey-
ers, Morey, Morphis, Piatt, Porter, Potter, Rainey,
Rogers. Roosevelt, Seeley, Shoemaker, SIoss, H.
Boardman Smith. Worthington C. Smith, Snapp,
Snyder, Spraguo, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stowell,
Strong, St. John, Dwight Townsend, Tuthlll. Twich-
ell, Upson, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Wallace,
Walls, and Warren—67.
So the main question was ordered.
The SPEAKER. The first question will be
upon the motion of the gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Conger] to refer this bill, with the
Senate amendments, to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The question has
been asked me whether, if this bill be now
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
that committee will have the right to report it
back at any time. I know myself, but others
do not.
The SPEAKER. They would not have that
right.
Mr. PETERS. We can give it to them.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 118.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Would it
be in order to move that the committee have
the right to report this bill back at any time ?
The SPEAKER. That would require unan-
imous consent.
Mr. CONGER. I would object to their
reporting it back on Monday next.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Well, say
any time next week after Monday.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I object.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion to refer.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Conger and
Mr. Dawes were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes 85, noes 60.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. MAYNARD. I appeal to the House
to consent, if this reference be made, that the
committee may have the right to report at
any time.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. After Mon-
day next.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not object to that.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
allowing the committee to report back the bill
at any time after next Monday ? The Chair
hears no objection, and the bill will be re-
ferred with that understanding.
Mr. CONGER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the president.
A message in writing fro'm the President of
the United States was communicated to the
House, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Private
Secretary.
MESSAGE ER0M TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was communi-
cated to the House by Mr. Sympson, one of
its clerks, announcing that the Senate had
agreed to the amendments of the House to the
bill of the Senate of the following title:
A bill (S. No. 547) to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge across the Mississippi
river at or near the town of Clinton, in the
State of Iowa, and other bridges across said
liver, and to establish them as post roads.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. DICKEY. I rise for the purpose of
moving that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1541)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 80, 1873. As
a preliminary to that motion, I move that all
general debate on this bill in Committee of
the Whole be limited to two hours.
Mr. NIBLACK. There are some gentle-
men on this side of the House who desire to
discuss this bill at some length. I suggest,
therefore, that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
| yania shall omit at this time any motion limit-
j ing the debate, leaving the committee at lib-
erty to rise for that purpose whenever it may
j deem it necessary.
i Mr. DICKEY. I have consulted with mem-
bers on the other side, with all those I have
heard express any desire to speak upon the
subject, and I propose to give gentlemen on
that side one hour and a half of the two
hours. That seemed to be satisfactory to the
gentlemen with whom I consulted.
Mr. NEGLEY. I ask my colleague [Mr.
Dickey] to yield to me for the purpose of
calling up House bill No. 1850. It is a very
important bill.
Mr. DICKEY. I cannot yield.
Mr. NEGLEY. The gentleman would yield
if he would permit me to state the reasons for
wishing to call up that bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Negley] has charge of the
bill regulating steam navigation, on which a
motion to reconsider has been entered,( and he
asks the privilege of calling up that bill to-
day. Does the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Dickey] yield for that purpose?
Mr. DICKEY. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Dickey,] that general debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Army appropriation
bill be limited to two hours.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to
state that laying on the table the motion to
reconsider would not prevent the House from
afterward prolonging the time for debate. The
only effect would be that the two hours already
allowed for debate could not be abridged. As
to allewing additional time, the action pro-
posed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
would have no effect whatever.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Before we
go into committee on this bill, let me suggest
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania and to
other gentlemen that we are passing appro-
priation bills a great deal faster than the Sen-
ate is passing them, and that in my judg-
ment it would be far better that we should go
on with the ordinary business of the House,
in order that we may hasten an adjournment. I
will remark incidentally that the Senate is now
engaged in action upon the tariff. It seems to
mo that if they were acting upon appropria-
tion bills they'would be more likely to accom-
plish something; for in my judgment tlie
House will never take up a bill coming from
the Senate which, in the form of an amend-
ment to three bills reducing revenue, proposes
to raise revenue to the extent of three or four
hundred million dollars.
^Mr. DICKEY. I must resume the floor.
We are not discussing the tariff at this time.
I move that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole to consider the Army
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
enslavement oe chinese in cuba.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the President of the United States, transmit-
ting, in response to a resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 28th ultimo, a report
from the Secretary of State relative to the en-
slavement of Chinese in the island of Cuba;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
enrolled bills.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 547) to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge across the Mississippi
river at or near the town of Clinton, in the
State of Iowa, and other bridges across said
river, and to establish them as post roads ;
An act (H. R. No. 284) to pay William P.
Preston tlxe sum therein mentioned ;
An act (H. R. No. 635) to change the name
of the pleasure-yacht Lois to that of Sea Witch,
and to change the name of the yacht William
M. Tweed to that of Julia; and
An act (H. R. No. 1867) for the relief of
James T. Johnston.
japanese indemnity fund.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of State, in reference to Mae unpaid
installment of the Japanese indemnity fund;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
