1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3665
Mr. BANKS. Well, I will yield to the
gentlemen if they desire it.
Mr. HOLMAN. The proposition was that
this bill should be considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. Under the five-minutes
rule.
Mr. DICKEY. Yes, sir. For myself I
only wish to occupy two or three minutes.
Mr. BANKS. I will yield first to the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I only desire that the bill
shall be considered by sections. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] pro-
poses to offer an amendment which I trust will
be considered. Let the bill be read section
by section, as the gentleman from Massachu-
setts proposed.
Mr. BANKS. I have no objection. Let
the bill be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Be it enacted by the Seriate and Home of Represent-'
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of State be, and he is
hereby, authorized to pay to the Government of
Japan, through its resident diplomatic represent-
ative in the United States, out of the moneys re-
ceived from said Government under the convention
of October 22, 1864, any sum not exceeding $6,000
which may be found to be due to the Government
of Japan by that of the United States on account
of rents for lands or buildings occupied by the dip-
lomatic or consular representatives of the United
States in Japan.
Mr. BANKS. I move to add the words
"to be paid out of the Japanese indemnity
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2. That a sum not exceeding $5,000 per annum
be, and the same is hereby, authorized and directed
to be paid out of the income arising from the Japan-
ese indemnity fund, to be used to defray the ex-
penses of renting, furnishing, and keeping a suit-
able building, with grounds appurtenant, in 3Tedo,
or such other place in Japan as shall be approved
by the Secretary of State, for the use of the diplo-
matic representative, as a legation building, court-
house, and jail, such expenses to be subject to the
allowance and approval of the Secretary of State.
Mr. DICKEY. I propose to amend by
adding to the bill a proviso, that whatever
inay be remaining of this Japanese indemnity
fund shall be covered into the Treasury.
Mr. BANKS. I raise the point on that
amendment that it is not in order to this
bill.
Mr. DICKEY. Why not to this bill ?
Mr. BANKS. Because this is for the pay-
ment of specific claims on the part of the Gov-
ernment of Japan itself for office rent, and
does not involve the final disposition of the
fund at all.
Mr. DICKEY. This proposes to dispose
of a part of the fund, and 1 propose to dis-
pose of the balance of it.
Mr. BANKS. It was for that reason I
raised the point of order.
Mr. DICKEY. If we take a part of it,
why can we not take the whole of it?
The SPEAKER. The bill provides for the
payment to the Government of Japan out of
this indemnity fund. The Japanese indemnity
fund has been provided for by general legisla-
tion, and in an amendment to a bill of this
kind it would not be in order to change thai
general legislation.
Air. DICKEY. It has been received under
the provisions of treaty. It is within the Uni-
ted States. It has never gone into the Treas-
ury. Before it has gone into the Treasury
they propose to dispose of a portion of it. Is
it, not in order to dispose of the balance of it?
It belongs to the United States. It would be
in order in a bill for that purpose.
Mr. BANKS. And not on this bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair could not
entertain the amendment as iu order to this
bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest it is proper to
limit tile appropriation.
The SPEAKER. Bat the amendment is
not a limitation of the appropriation, but
42d Oosu. 2d Suss.—No. 230.
something else entirely. No doubt it is in
order to limit the appropriation ; but the
amendment of the gentleman applies not to
this appropriation, but to the whole indemnity
fund. It is not in order to limit an appro-
priation by something which changes some
other existing law.
Mr. BANKS. If the appropriation were to
be made out of the Treasury of the United
States, it would not be in order for the gentle-
man to move that all the balance of the money
belonging to the United States should be dis-
posed of in some other way.
The SPEAKER. The limitation must be
applied to the appropriation itself.
ilr. DICKEY. The bill does not propose
to appropriate anything out of the Treasury
of the United States. I raise another point
there, that as he does not propose to take the
money out of the Treasury, it is not in order
for him to bring in a bill here by which he
proposes to appropriate this money.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman will
defeat the object of his own amendment, for
if they have no money they cannot cover it into
the Treasury.
Mr. BANKS. The Japanese indemnity fund
is in the hands of the Secretary of State under
general law, and it cannot be disposed of on
this bill in the way proposed by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. It is rather a repeal of
the general law than a limitation upon this
appropriation.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will not object to the balance
of the appropriation being covered into the
Treasury.
Mr. BANKS. I object to its being done
now, although I might not object at any other
time. I desire the House shall thoroughly
examine into the character of the Japanese
indemnity fund before it is asked to make any
disposition of it. We have fully stated its
history and character in the report which has
been ordered to be printed in the Globe; and
if the gentleman will consult that, he will un-
derstand all about it. I believe I must now
demand the previous question.
The Clerk read the third section, as follows:
Sec. 3. That a further sum, not to exceed $2,500,
be, and the same is hereby, also appropriated, out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for the purchase of a suitable law library
for the use of said legation in Japan, the selection
of such library to be made by the Secretary of State.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I desire to offer
an amendment to the third section.
The SPEAKER. The question will first
be on an amendment to the third section
reported by the committee, which the Clerk
will report:
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out the words " out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated," and insert
in lieu thereof the words "to be paid out of the
Japanese indemnity fund of October 22,1864."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WiLSON, of Indiana. I offer the fol
lowing amendment:
Add to the third section the following :
And that the Secretary of State be, and he is here-
by, authorized and directed to sell so many of the
registered bonds of the United States now under his
control, belonging to the Japanese indemnity fund,
as shall realize $160,000, and shall pay the proceeds
of the same to the Secretary of the 3STavy, who shall
cause the whole amount thereof to be distributed
among the officers and crew of the United States
ship Wyoming, the same to be distributed to the offi-
cers and crew attached to the Wyoming according
t.o the pay-roll of said ship on the 16th day of Jnne,
3863: such distribution to be among said officers and
crews as prize-moneys are distributed: Provided,
That the provisions of this act shall be held and
taken to be in full satisfaction for all bounty, or
claim for bounty, on the part of the officers and
crews aforesaid, under any and all existing laws of
the United States or regulations of the .Navy De-
partment, for the destruction of piratical vessels at
Simonoseki on the 16th day of June, 1863, and bom-
barding the forts e< ectedat the straits ot Simonoseki,
in September, 1864. And if any of the officers or
crews aforesaid shall have received any bounty for
the service aforesaid, the same shall be deducted
from the amount to be paid such ollicer or seaman
under the provisions of this act: And provided
further. That no money shall be paid to any assignee
of tho mariner entitled to the same, but only to the
mariner or his duly authorized attorney in fact. or.
in case of his decease, to his legal representatives,
excluding any such assignee.
Mr. BANKS. I make the point of order
upon that amendment that it is not in order
to amend a public bill by inserting iu it a
private bill.
The SPEAKER. Nor is it in order to
amend a private bill by adding to it another
private bill. The Chair sustains the point of
order.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid oa the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
diplomatic and consular systems.
Mr. PACKARD, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 837) to amend
an act entitled "An act to regulate the diplo-
matic and consular systems of the United
States," approved August 18, 1856.
The bill was read. It provides that schedule
C of section three of an act entitled "An act
to regulate the diplomatic and consular sys-
tems of the United States," approved August
18.1856, be amended so as to add to the con-
suls in Brazil a consul at Santarem.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PACKARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john a. parker.
Mr. MORGAN, from the same committee,
reported back the petition of John A. Parker,
and accompanying papers, and moved that the
committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the same, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
french spoliation claims.
Mr. L. MYERS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs to report back
the bill (H. R. No. 384) to provide for the ad-
justment and satisfaction of claims of Ameri-
can citizens for spoliations committed by the
French Jrior to the 31st day of July, 1801, and
to ask that its consideration be fixed for an
early day next session.
It is too near an adjournment to expect
that so important a measure can be considered
and decided now. A number desire to speak
upon it, and if we could spare the time neces-
sary for this discussion the Senate would have
to act on the bill, which could scarcely become
a law at this session. Before fixing the day
for its consideration I desire to sav only a few
words by way of explanation, which perhaps
may attract the attention of members and
cause an examination of this interesting sub-
ject during the petiod of our adjournment.
Four years from now the Aineiican people
will celebrate the one hundredth anniversary
of the nation's birth ; yet strange to say, while
true to every later obligation, we owe to our
own citizens a debt—a debt of honor as well
as of money—arising from fne very incidents
which perhaps more than any others gave us
our existence and liberties.
The claims for French spoliations have been
so often mentioned that the sound is familiar
to our ears, yet very few really know in what
these claims had their origin or how strong an
equity exists that we should discharge them.
After the battles of Brandywine and German-
town, and the disastrous winter which fol-
lowed, when even Washington almost failed
