1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
977
Tolan, widow of Isaac Tolan, private company
D, fifty-first Pennsylvania volunteers.
tost route bill introduced.
The following was introduced under the
rule, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads:
By Mr. STQWELL: A bill to establish a
post road from Danville to Riceville, via Hall's
Cross Roads and Spring Garden, in Pittsyl-
vania county, Virginia.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 13, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. J. H. Twombly, D. D., of
Wisconsin.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of
Sharpe & Palmer, publishers of the Wabasha
Herald, of Wabasha county, Minnesota, pray-
ing an amendment to section one hundred
and sixty-two of the bill for the revision and
consolidation of the statutes relating to the
Post Office Department; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
He also presented the petitionof Joseph
Gilpin, publisher of the Alexandria Post, of
Douglas county, Minnesota,'praying an amend-
ment to section one hundred and sixty-two
of the bill for the revision and consolidation
of the statutes relating to the Post Office De-
partment; which was referred to the Com
mit.tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented papers in relation to the
application of Marie Witt for a pension for
services rendered by her son, late a private in
the Indiana volunteers ; which were referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SCOTT. I present the memorial of
William M. Wood, late Surgeon General of
the United States Navy, stating services ren-
dered and information communicated by him
in 1846, which he claims contributed largely
to the acquisition of California, and for which
he prays recognition by Congress. I move the
reference of the memorial to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I also present a petition of
citizens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania,
calling attention to the unfair and partial char-
acter of the laws by which the distillation of
whisky is regulated, complaining that the
excessive laws discriminate in favor of monop-
olists who control unlimited capital and against
persons of limited means. They point out the
particulars in which they allege this is the
case, and ask for a legislative remedy. 1 move
the reference of the petition to the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of some
five hundred workmen engaged in the iron and
coal industries of Sharpsville and vicinity,
Mercer county, Pennsylvania, praying a repeal
of the duties upon tea, coffee, and other arti-
cles of necessity, and for such an adjustment
of the tariff duties as will protect home indus-
try; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying a modifi-
cation of the laws and regulations affecting
and governing appointments to and removals
from public offices, the salaries, perquisites
and moieties of public officers, and the seiz
ures of private books and papers; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
a memorial of the heirs and for the coheirs of
the late firm of Buchanan & Young, of Balti-
more, Maryland, praying to be indemnified for
spoliations committed by the French prior to
42D Cong, 2D SESS,—No. 62.
the year 1801 ; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented a memorial of the heirs
of Claudius Besse, deceased, late of Baltimore,
Maryland, praying indemnity for spoliations
committed by the French between the years
793 and 1801; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented a petition of watchmen
at the building and vaults of the Indepondent
Treasury at Baltimore, Maryland, praying an
increase of compensation ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN presented ibe petition of
Albert Schaefer and others, citizens of Ohio,
late soldiers of the Army of the United States,
praying the enactment of a law giving to all
soldiers, sailors, and marines who enlisted in
the service of the United States for the sup-
pression of the late rebellion, and who have
an honorable discharge, and to the heirs of
those that are deceased, a bounty of $8 33$
per month for the entire time served, deduct
ing thereform all Government bounty hereto
fore received by them ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of J. Arm-
strong and others, citizens of Ohio, late sol-
diers of the Army of the United States, pray
ing the enactment of a law giving to all soldiers,
sailors, and marines who enlisted in the service
of the United States for the suppression of
the late rebellion, and who have an honorable
discharge, and to the heirs of those who are
deceased, a bounty of $8 33;} per month for
the entire time served, deducting therefrom all
Government bounty heretofore received by
them ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. FENTON. I present the petition- of
A. N. Merchant, publisher of the Champlain
Journal, of Clinton county, New York, pray-
ing for such an amendment to the postal laws
as will allow persons known as regular pub-
lishers and dealers in newspapers and period-
icals to receive by mail sijeh quantities of either
as they may require, in bulk, whether wholly
or in part printed, and pay the postage thereon
as received, at the same rates pro rata as reg-
ular subscribers to publications weighing four
ounces, who pay quarterly in advance. I move
its reference to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Minnesota has given notice that the committee
have reported on the subject in the postal code
bill, a House bill now on the table, and which
he gives notice he will call up at an early day.
The petition will therefore he on the table.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
Benjamin M. Van Derveer, praying Congress to
refund to him $300 commutation money-paid
by him during the war; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the petitions of
James S. Robinson, of Fort Smith, Arkansas;
of Rufus W. Martin, of Arkansas ; of John M.
Inge, of Greenwood, Arkansas; of Benjamin
Harris, of Poinsett county, Arkansas; and of
Richard Wall, of Jackson county, Arkansas,
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties ; which .were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented resolutions'ot the Union
League Association, begun and held at Sebas-
tian Council No. 2, at Greenwood, Arkansas,
in favor of the removal of the political dis-
abilities of John M. Inge, a citizen of- Jackson
county, Arkansas; which were referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities. . , .
Mr. THURMAN presented the petition ot
John H. Sannders and twenty-six others, citi-
zens of Jefferson county, Ohio, late soldiers
of the Army of the United States, praying the
enactment of a law giving to all soldiers, sail-
ors, and marines who enlisted in the service
of the United States for the suppression of the
late rebellion, and who have an honorable dis-
charge, and to the heirs of those that are
deceased, a bounty of $8 33§ per month -for
the entire time served, deducting therefrom
all Government bounty heretofore received by
them; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
He also presented a petition of Robert Nel-
son and twenty-seven others, citizens of Jef-
ferson county, Ohio, late soldiers in the Uni-
ted States Army, praying that a bounty of
$8 33J a month be grautedto all honorably
discharged soldiers and sailors for the entire
time served, and an amendment to the twenty-
fifth section of the act approved July 15, 1870,
so as to allow soldiers or sailors to enter the
amount of land therein allowed without the
requirements of settlement and cultivation;
which wag referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the memorial of
Warren Chase and eighty-three others, citi-
zen's of St. Louis, Missouri, earnestly asking
Congress to preserve inviolate the great guar-
antees of religious liberty now contained in
the Constitution of the United States, and
to dismiss all petitions praying the adoption
of measures for amending the Constitution by
incorporating in it a recognition of "God as
the source of all authority and power in civil
government," and of "the Lord Jesus Christ
as the Ruler among the nations, and His re-
vealed will as of supreme authoritywhich
was referred to the Committeeon the Judiciary.
Mr. SAWYER presented a petition of citi-
zens of South Carolina, praying that they be
refunded certain money collected as tax on
cotton ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. CO NKLING presented the petition of
Ann Biglin, mother of Nicholas A. Biglin,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of twenty pri-
vateersmen who were engaged in the contest
with Great Britain throughout the war of 1812
to 1815, praying to be allowed a pension and
also back pay to make them equal to the soldier
and sailor; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Oliver
Lumphrey, late second lieutenant forty-third
United States infantry, praying to be placed
on the retired list of the Army; which was
referred to the Committee op Pensions.
He also presented a petition of Thomas D.
Taylor, director of the American Lloyds, in
favor of the passage of the bill establishing
a national registry of shipping; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce. • _ _
He also presented a memorial of the citi-
zens of Port Henry, New York, remonstrating
against a change in the existing tariff laws
abating or abolishing duties uj>on such articles
as are successfully produced in this country;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also a memo-
rial. which I believe to be a very important
and instructive paper, of the Chamber of Com-
merce ofthe State of New York, on the decline
ot American commerce. It contains so many
facts and so much useful information that I
move not only that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, but I venture to move1
that it be printed, as I think it will repay the
printing very largely.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition rmmer-
ously signed by a very large number of citizens
as respectable as any inthecountry, belonging
to Massachusetts, in which they set forth that
the import duties now levied upon plan ts, trees,
and shrubs are onerous and excessive, ana
they give an account of the operation of that
Dart of our tariff, and conclude by asking that
plants, trees, and shrubs may be admitted duty
free. I move the reference of the petition to
the 'Committee on Finance.
1 The motion was agreed to. -
