1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2769
exhaustive aa possible? If we are in earnest
in our disposition to save to the people of this
country that part of the proceeds of this prop-
erty which we captured from the enemies of
the country, then we ought to take the most
vigorous and perfect measures possible to ac-
complish that intent. My honorable friend
from New York suggests very properly that a
writer whom everybody reveres, Dr. Johnson,
says that anything that is worth doing at all is
worth doing well; it is worth doing so that it
will stand. Now what will stand?
We have already on the statute-book, and
had when the Supreme Court pronounced these
two opinions, an express declaration of Con-
gress that the Court of Claims, and the Supreme
Court too, should have no jurisdiction—not a
matter of abatement, let me tell my friend from
Ohio, but in terms that they should have
no jurisdiction in a claim preferred in the
Court of Claims in which it appeared that the
party was basing his claim upon an act of par-
don and not upon an act of loyalty, because
the very language of the act touches upon that
precise point, and that only.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Drake amendment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have nothing to do
with the Drake amendment, but with the
statute. •
Mr. SHERMAN. I mean that is what was
commonly called the Drake amendment. I
voted for that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know it, and I refer to
it because my friend is just as sincere as I am
in trying- to save this money from those to
whom we thought it should not go. We said
•in express terms in this act (to which the
Supreme Court has shut its eyes, according to
my friends, and which, according to me, it has
overruled) that on this proof of disloyalty,
where a man stands with his pardon, "the
jurisdiction of the court shall cease and the
court shall forthwith dismiss the suit of the
claimant." That is not a matter of abatement
if language means anything, and you cannot
use any language that is stronger. It declares
that neither of these courts shall have any
jurisdiction of a certain class of claims, and
these are the claims in which it appears that
the man has been an enemy of his country,
whether pardoned or not pardoned. We have
tried that experiment, and in the face of that
experiment the Supreme Court say that the
man who has his pardon has a plenary title to
the money and that it must be paid, and in
pursuance of that judgment money has been
paid.
The Court of Claims, of course, must act un-
der the mandate of the Supreme Court, because
every superior court has the power of compelling
the obedience Of inferior courts to its decrees,
even ta the extent of the Supreme Court, as
in a case that is now opening before them
against the Court of Claims for not carrying
into effect some one of their judgments—I do
not know whether it relates to this matter or
not—locking up in the jail of the District of
Columbia every one of tie judges of the Court
of Claims if they did not proceed to render
judgment as the Supreme Court directs. We
have, therefore, I say, reached the point where,
in spite of a declaration by Congress that
neither of these courts should entertain juris-
diction of the subject-matter standing upon
the facts thus presented, you have a judgment
of the court which declares that it will enter-
tain jurisdiction and that the Court of Claims
shall carry out its judgment and therefore that
'thff payment of this money shall be made.
Now, what are you to do? Are you merely
to repeat the statement which they already say
they disregard? They do not say iu terms,
"We disregard that." They only say in sub-
stancethat, notwithstanding this provision, we
say that the man who brings his pardon shall
have his money, and we send it back to the
Chart of Claims with a direction that they
shall carry into' effect that provision. If the
Court of Claims do not pronounce judgment
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 174.
accordingly, the judges will go to jail, because
that is the course of jurisprudence. There
must be obedience by inferior courts to the
mandates of superior courts. I would stand
by the Supreme Court in any question between
itself and the Court of Claims or any other
inferior court in compelling the inferior court
to obey its orders, because you cannot have a
Government and an orderly society without it.
Then the question is, how are yon to save
the money? The Constitution of the United
States has committed the money in the Treas-
ury to the care of the representatives of, the
people in the two Houses. It has declared
in substance and effect, and almost iu terms,
that no court, no man, no principality or
power whatever, to use a biblical expression,
shall take away the money from the Treasury
until the representatives of the people in the
two Houses have said that it shall be taken
away. I have no fear at all that any member
of the Supreme Court will doubt our power
in this respect. I give to them the credit of
sincerity; but they are human, and, like other
human beings, they sometimes go astray ; they
have frequently reversed their own decisions
and overruled them. They do not put them-
selves upon the pedestal of absolute infallibil-
ity ; but they have said, so far as they have
gone, that as it respects the right of the claim-
ant, it is a perfect right .if he only has a par-
don, and that, as far as their jurisdiction goes,
they and their inferior court, the Court of
Claims, must proceed to declare that he is
entitled to it.
Now, the Constitution says, stepping in
there when it comes to the question of where
he is to get his money, that no person, whether
he is a suitor in an ordinary coftrt, or whether
he is a claimant in any other form, shall take
any money from the Treasury under any pre-
tense until the consent of the people repre-
sented in the Senate and House of Represent-
atives in the form of a law shall say that that
money may be paid out. We may do wrong in
refusing to pay out money ; we may violate
every principle of justice ; but the people
have not conferred upon the Supreme Court,
or any other court or tribunal, the right to
determine that question. They are to determ-
ine it, and if we abuse the trust that they have
committed to us they will find better servants
who will execute it.
Mr. President, that being the present state
of this case, in the face of this statute which
declares that the suit shall be dismissed for
want of jurisdiction when this fact of disloy-
alty appears, we nevertheless have the con-
stant course of the judgments of the Supreme
Court declaring that the party is entitled to
that money, and it shall be paid. Therefore
if, by existing law, there is any construction
of the statute which can be drawn which shall
commit us to the position that judgments of
this kind in the Court of Claims are now pay-
able out of the Treasury by authority of law,
as is contended by all of those who favor the
payment of these claims at all, then we are
"in for it," and no talk about jurisdiction
will save the money. I think myself, and I
believe that the Supreme Court of the United
States will decide when the question arises,
that as the law now stands the judgments of
the Court of Claims in these cot.ton cases can-
not lawfully be paid without an appropriation
made either in general or particular to carry
them into effect, for the reason that since we
passed the act of 1863, which did not require
this money to be paid into the Treasury, but
only to be held by the agents of the Govern-
ment to be paid out on these findings by the
Court of Claims, we have passed a solemn act
of Congress, which met the approval of the
President, declaring that every dollar of this
money should be put into the general Treas-
ury of the people, protected by the Constitu--
tion, and we passed that act for the very pur-
pose, and it has been put in. Therefore I say
that; in my opinion, it will be the judgment
of every court called Upon to pronounce on il
when the question arises—whatever may have
been the practice since, I do not know about
that—that as a matter of law this money can-
not be paid out now ; but it is not best if we
are in earnest in trying to save this money
captured in this way, to leave things that are
disputed as this is by many gentlemen to the
ultimate judgment of anybody.
If we wish to save this money, the only way
we can save it is by saying that the Treasury
shall not pay judgments in which it appears
that the man has been disloyal, that the mat-
ter shall be referred to Congress for its con-
sideration. Then, when it is referred, not
stopping loyal claimants, as my friend from
Ohio supposes, but only stopping those that
have been proven to be disloyal, (and if the
language on that point is doubtful, perfect it,)
let us say, where the man has been disloyal that
he shall come here to have his judgment, if he
can get one, paid from the Treasury. It might
happen in a case of that kind that where there
was technically a legal disloyalty in the sense
of the law, there would still be a high equity
which would appeal to us in the exercise of
judgment to incline to pay the money in many
cases, perhaps, where it should not strictly be
paid. But whether so or not, by these decis-
ions upon the face of this statute, which, as
completely as language can, defeated the juris-
diction of these courts, the Supreme Court
have held that nevertheless the cases must go
on and judgment must be pronounced ; and,
after that, I tell you there is no safety to the
Treasury except to provide by law, if it is not
now provided by law, that this money shall not
be paid from the Treasury until we appropri-
ate it. If we say that, I feel entire faith that
that high tribunal which we all respect will
find itself glad to carry out the will of Con-
gress and declare that nobody shall touch the
money of the people until the peojile say so
through their proper representatives in that
behalf.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I do not
desire to follow gentlemen in a discussion for
which I am very ill fitted as to the legal aspect
of this case ; but I desire to make a few re-
marks with reference to some points which
have been touched here.
One would suppose, from the remarks which
have been indulged in by some Senators, that
the entire Treasury of the United States was
to be opened to the grasping hands of men
who had been engaged in the rebellion, if we
passed this amendment. There seems to be
an indefinite idea that the Treasury doors will
be opened to all claimants if the decision of
the highest court in the land on this point is
allowed to take its effect without additional
legislation. I think there is an entire misap-
prehension as to the condition of the cases in
the Court of Claims, the amount claimed and
the amount likely to be taken from the Treas-
ury by any judgments that are possible in the
Court of Claims under existing legislation.
In the first place, there was collected from
this captured and abandoned property fund
$26,092,460 96, and in spite of this decision
of the Supreme Court, of which we have heard
so much, there had not been paid out of the
Treasury on account of that fund up to the
4th day of the present month any larger sum
than $2,858,612 02. There still remain of it
in the Treasury $23,233,848 94 subject to the
decision of the snits now pending in the Court
of Claims.
Further, if every dollar which has been peti-
tioned for by suitors in that courtwere granted,
if the entire amount and the whole number of
the claims upon this fund were allowed by the
decision of the court, there would still be
left of this fund in the Treasury the sum of
$10,364,672 61.
This is the exact condition of the fund it-
self and of the claims upon it. I say if every
dollar that has been claimed in every suit in
the Court of Claims were decided in favor of the
