1874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
JUDICIARY FUND.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Attorney General, giving an exhibit of the
expenditure of the judiciary fund ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
ARMr APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. The House has agreed to
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Randall in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 1541) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June
30, 1873.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
general debate on this bill in Committee of
the Whole has been limited to two hours.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to dispense with
the first reading of this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DICKEY. Mr. Chairman, I do not
propose to make any extended remarks at this
time, but simply to state that the provisions
of this bill, as the provisions of previous bills
coming from the Committee on Appropria-
tions have been, are framed in accordance
■with existing laws. There is no new legislation
embraced within its provisions. The amount
appropriatedis $1,800,000 less than the amount
estimated by the War Department. It is the
exact, or very nearly the exact amount appro-
priated by this House for the same purpose in
the lost Army appropriation bill, with the
deficiency already passed upon by the House
added. This is all I desire to say on the sub-
ject at this time. 1 have agreed that gentle-
men on the other side of the House shall have
an hour and a half of the two hours allowed for
general debate. In the last half hour I shall
claim the privilege of replying to anything gen-
tlemen may say on the other side which I may
deem worthy of answer. I hope, however, the
debate will not run that long.
Mr. SLOCUM. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
avail myself of the opportunity presented in
the consideration of this bill making appropri-
ations for the support of the Army to call the
attention of the Ilouse to certain abuses and
unnecessary expenditures connected with our
military establishment. In performing this
duty I have 110 tear of being classed as an
enemy of the Army or of any of the gallant
omcers connected with it. Every intelligent
peraon will realize that it is not only for°the
interest of the Army? but for the interest of
every officer on the list, that the expenditures
the people are called upon to hear for its sup-
port_should be reduced to the lowest point
consistent with efficiency.
The first abuse to which I desire to call the
attention of the House is that connected with
the retirement of officers under the thirty-
second section of the act of July 28, 1866.
There are several remarkable things connected
with the adoption of this section as weli as
with the results which have flown from it
First, the phraseology of the section is re-
markable. It reads as follows :
That all officers of the regular Army entitled to
bo retired on oecount of disability orrwiWnJjhZ
wounds received in battle may bo retired upon tho
lull rank of the command held by them, whether in
wolnlwe?e0rrecVetUedt."0'' Se"ioe' at th° t,me such
Prior to the passage of this act, officers of
the regular Army were retired upon the rank
held by them at the time of retirement. This
section, however, provides that they may be
retired with the rank of the command they
held when disabled. At the time of the pas-
sage of the act this seemed to be a very harm-
Iess_ provision. It was stated in the Senate
during the discussion that but three or four
officers would be affected by it. Another
remarkable feature connected with it was that
a son of the prominent Republican Senator
who proposed the amendment was the first
person who availed himself of the advantage
of this provision. It is also quite remarkable
that this son, whose rank in the regular Army
was that of captain, was retired as a brigadier
general, and although, had he remained on
active duty with the rank he then held, he
would have been in receipt of but $1,980 per
annum, he now receives while doing no duty,
the sum of $4,125 per annum.
Although the law was designed to benefit
this single individual, and it was undoubtedly
believed by those who consented to the adop-
tion of the section that few except this favored
individual would be affected, yet I find upon
an examination of the list of retired officers
that nearly twenty-five per cent, of the entire
number have taken advantage of the provis-
ions of this section. I find on the list one who
has reaped even more advantage from thi3
measure than has he for whose benefit it was
enacted. Another captain retires as a major
general, and is now drawing $5,625 per annum
for doing no duty, who would have been enti-
tled to but. $2,400, had he remained on duty
with the highest rank he ever held in the
regular Army.
There are seventy-one officers on the retired
list who availed themselves of this section,
and I might point out many cases of individ-
uals showing the injustice of this law almost
as strikingly as the two which I have cited.
Majors are retired as major generals, captains
as brigadier generals, and lieutenants as col-
onels. These facts must make plain even to
the way-faring man the invidious principle of
this measure, its prodigious inequality and
injustice not only to the Army generally, but
to the long list of volunteer officers and sol-
diers who are to be found in every city and [
village in the land, who during the" war were j
disabled for life, and as pensioners are draw- j
ing sums in many cases insufficient to obtain ]
for them even the necessaries of life, many of
whom were more distinguished for their ser-
vices and more entitled to the bounty of the
Government than the favored class to which I
have alluded.
The principle involved in this lave is not
only an anomaly in this country, but is opposed
to every idea previously entertained with re-
gard to the system of retirements from the
public service. Age, long and faithful ser-
vice, eminent merit, and honestly-earned rank
are by this law systematically ignored, and
what usually accompanies faithful service and
high rank in every properly administered mil-
itary system is made to depend upon the acci-
dent ot a day, the favoritism of an Executive,
or the potency of political influence.
The basis of all laws for the retirement of
military officers until the enactment of this law
was reduced pay and no duty. No one ever
before conceived that retirement from active
service should constitute a reason for an in-
crease either of rank or pay; but this law, set-
ting usage, reason, and justice alike at defiance,
sends the fortunate invalid at a single leap
through three or four rounds of the military
ladder and in some instances, as I have shown,
increases his pay more than one hundred per
cent. The Army Register shows that thete are
scores of officers who have served from thirty
to fitty years and been retired under the general
law who are receiving far less pay than the
young men oflessthan ten years' service retired
under this section. Duty performed and ser-
vices rendered ought to constitute the only
test and furnish the only claim for the appro-
priation of public money to individuals : and
there is probably not an officer of healthy mind
or generous heart of the entire number on the
favored list who will not frankly acknowledge
™ retired pay under the general law of
ivi1-8! t° whlch he is e1uita% entitled.
Wiiile I do not advocate taking from the
officers who have already retired the advan-
tages wnich have accrued to them by the
provisions of this law, I do advocate and do
insist that the section should be repealed and
that the list of favored ones shall not be
increased.
The next subject to which I ask the atten-
tion of the House is that connected with the
department that supplies the Army with arms,
ammunition, and accouterments, known as the
ordnance department. To ascertain the an-
nual expenditures of this department I refer
to the book of estimates rather than to the bill
under consideration, for it is well known that
the annual appropriation bills do not cover the
actual expenditures of any of the Departments.
On the contrary when an important election is
pending the regular appropriation bills are
reduced to the lowest possible point, so that the
party in power may go before thepeople with a
pretense of economy. As soon as the elec-
tion is over, a deficiency bill is brought in cov-
! ering the reduction made in the regular bill.
! Mr. DICKEY. The gentleman will recol-
! lect that I have already stated this bill appro-
j priates $1,800,000 less than the Army bill last
I year, with the deficiency already passed upon,
j Mr. SLOCUM. I admit that, and I am glad
1 you said that 
I Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
i from New York will recognize that element
I is not in this bill.
| Mr. SLOCUM.. That is what I wish to
i bring out.
j The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from New York yield?
! Mr. SLOCUM. I am willing to yield to
and answer any question pertinent to this
debate. But let- us see what is in the defi-
ciency hill which has just been passed. We
have just finished the consideration of the
deficiency bill for the current fiscal year,
amounting to between six and seven mil-
lions—over two millions of which is to make
up for deficiencies in the military establish-
ment. To be convinced that the regular bill
of last year was purposely cut down with the
j expectation that Congress would make up for
the reduction by a deficiency bill, we have only
to examine the items of the deficiency bill.
Some of the items ar*? as follows: for travel-
ing expenses of officers, $90,000 ; for regular
supplies for the quartermaster's department,
$350,000 ; for general expenses of the quarter-
master's department, $350,000; for rent of
quarters, repairs of buildings, &c., $750,000;
for clothing, &c., $120,000. These are items in
the deficiency bill just passed, and the fact lhat
the Army lias not been increased during the
past year, that nothing has occurred to cause
extraordinary expenditures, renders it appar-
ent that the regular hill was reduced with the
expectation of bringing these heavy items in
the deficiency bill.
In estimating the expenses of the ordnance
department, I think therefore I am justified
in referring to the book of estimates. From
this book I see that there was demanded for
the support of this department for the ensuing
year the following expenditures :
For the pay of officers and men  8233.M0 00
xor the purchase of ordnance stores
? ;; V 1.075,000 00
uor tile eonstruction and repairs of
arsenals ancl armories  1,038 062 97
Making a total of. 82,377,602 97
In view of the fact that peace prevails
throughout our country, and our Armv con-
sists of but thirty thousand men, I think this
estimate will be regarded by every one a3 a
very liberal, if not. an extravagant one. I also
think these items fully justify me in estimating
that the expenses of the Departments will be
much larger than this appropriation. At all
events, experience has shown it is much better
tor us to rely upon the book of estimates rather
than upon tlw appropriation bills.
Mr. DICKEY. I wish simply to say to the
gentleman from New York that last year, for
the first time in the history of the Army, unex-
