82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
the number disfranchised in the various States
enumerated. Now, I think that the remark
made by my friend from Ohio needs some
qualification in one regard. There could be
110 more complete testimony, even for action
on the general question of apportionment, than
the official returns of the census. I do not
care whether authorized by legislation or not,
they are authorized, as the Superintendent of
Census in his communication states, by the
paramount law—the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I thought you
proposed to ask me a question.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman will hear
me out. I do not care so much for the form
of my statement. The gentleman made a mis-
take which I think the majority of this House,
if not all of its members, has made. The mis-
take consists in deducting the number of dis-
franchised persons in the different States from
the ratio of representation or from the frac-
tional portion of the ratio, without giving effect
to the Constitution itself in a very peculiar
clause. To that clause I will call earnest at-
tention. I will then draw the conclusion, which
I think arithmetic, interpretation, and our oaths
to the Constitution fairly require. That con-
clusion will satisfy all that some of the States
are rated too highly in their representation.
Ohio is one of them. Massachusetts comes
within a thousand of being in the same cate-
gory. Rhode Island is certainly in that posi-
tion. There are others, as to which I have not
calculated. If gentlemen will only follow the
rule of three, and at the same time the Consti-
tution, they will find that there is a different
mode of calculation from that which has been
heretofore attempted by the gentlemen from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Merc en] and from Illinois,
[Mr. Fak.yssforth. J The fourteenth article
of amendments to the Constitution provides
that—
"When the right tn vote at any election for the
choice of electors for President and Vice President of
tho United States, llepresen fcatives in Congress, the
executive and judicial officers of a State, or the mem-
bers of tho Legislature thereof, is denied to any of
tho male inhabitants of such State, being* twenty-
one years ot ase. and citizens of the United States,
or m any way abridged " 
I call particular attention to this language:
" or in any way abridged
That is, cut off in part, limited, or affected—
"excopt for participation in rebellion, or other crime,
the basis of representation therein shall be reduced
in the proportion which tho number of such male
citizens shall bear to the wholenumberof male citi-
zens twenty-one years of age in such State."
This requires ns to resort to the rule of
three. Take, for instance, Rhode Island. The
whole number of her population is 217,353.
According to this table, which I take to be
a solemn act of the Government, resulting
from a sworn and vigilant performance of duty,
there are 2,885 people disfranchised in that
State under her election law of 1842. Her male
citizens of twenty-one years of age and upward
are 43,996. If you cipher in accordance with
the Constitution you will find that 13,728 should
bedcductedfrom the whole population,217,353,
leaving 203,625. To ascertain the fraction for
a member, deduct from this 203,625, 130,219,
tho ratio for two hundred and eighty mem-
bers, as reported from the Census Bureau;
or take, if you please, the ratio of my friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mercur,] which is
137,800, and you will find that Rhode Island
falls beneath the moiety. She is, therefore,
not entitled to two members—only one. She
comes down by the first deduction to 67,406,
less than one half of the moiety fixed in this
table from the census department, which is
81,234. And it is still worse when you apply
it to the bill of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Mercur,] for he makes the ratio
137,800. This is your boasted calculation of
the apportionment of your new era! So if you
mil-sue the Constitution in respect to all these
States, and take as a basis the figures which
your Administration, pursuingyour pet amend-
ment, has collated for your action, you should
send this bill to an intelligent committee of
simple arithmeticians of honest impulses for
revision.
Again, Ohio has disfranchised 2,551 of her
voting male citizens over twenty-one years of
age. I do not care, for this argument, how the
abridgment of suffrage is made. It is enough
for me just now that your officer of the census
reports the number. The Constitution says,
"if it be abridged in any manner." I do not
know but my friend from Ohio is right when
he says that the Ohio abridgment is a matter
of protection, and pertains to the purity of
elections. But whether that be so or not, we
have this official and careful return made on
some careful data. It shows that Ohio abridges
her voting population 2,551. The male vote
over twenty-one is 598,000, while the whole
population is 2,655,260. The calculation shows
that there is only a fraction of 35,596, which
is less than the half of 137,800, according to
the bill of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Mercur,] and less than one half of that
of the census table. Massachusetts, as I have
said, comes within 1,000 of losing one member
under this constitutional rule. As to the other
States, I will not inquire into them just now. I
have said enough to illustrate the absolute dis-
regard of Constitution, census, and equality
contained in the bills before the House.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I wish to call the atten-
tion of gentlemen on the other side of the
House to a matter not altogether arithmetical.
You made this constitutional amendment.
I know what you made it for. You made it
to hold it in terrorem over the southern States.
You used it as a lash te make them adopt
negro suffrage. You did nvoknowthat it would
apply to Ohio or Massachusetts. Oh, no ! You
did not know—or if you did, you were reckless
in your partisan aims—that it would apply to
Rhode Island. In that State they disfranchise
men according to law when they do not happen
to own $134 of real estate or property which
rents for more than seven dollars per annum.
This is the Rhode Island law :
"Sec. 1. Every male citizen of the United States
of the age of twenty-one years, who has had his
residence and home in this State for one year, and
m the town or city in whichho may claim a right to
vote six months next preceding the time of voting,
and who is really and truly possessed in his own
right of real estate in such town or city of the value
ot $134, over and above all incumbrances, or which
shall rent for seven dollars per annum over and
above any rent reserved, or the interest of any in-
cumbrances thereon, being an estate in fee-simple,
fee-tail, for the life of any person, or an estate in
reversion of remainder, which qualifies no other
person to vote, the conveyance of which estate, if by
deed, shall have been recorded at least ninety days
shall hereafter have a right to vote at the election
of all civil officers, and on all questions, in all legal
town or ward meetings, so long as he continues so
qualified."
You did not know that it would strike as well
the intelligent State of Massachusetts, where
they require reading and writing as the pre-
requisite for the suffragan. Butitdoes. "The
engineer is hoist with his own petard." You
thought to strike the South, to compel them
to negro suffrage; but you have struck your-
selves and now you wriggle over it. [Laugh-
jer'-j Oh lit is pitiful. Why do you not stand
by the Constitution, or the amendments which
you made? We Democrats have made a "new
departure," on the amendments at least. We
are taunted for accepting them. Very well.
We stand by the amendments as we have
always stood, as you know, by the old and
unamended organic law. We take the amend-
ments and you are avoiding their effect. Now
enforce your pet ideas. Why do you not? You
i them, after much eloquenceand
labor, on the Constitution. Your excuse is
that there is no law to carry out the funda-
mental constitutional law I have quoted. For
shame! You dodge the "higher law" you
made. You undertook to disfranchise the
oouth, or rather to decrease their represent?-
turn unless they accepted your negro suffrage.
Does anybody here dispute this, your pit/able
predicament? Is there any one who does nut
know the constitutional effect of this amend-
ment? I hear not one word.
I did intend, Mr. Chairman, to argue the
question so handsomely presented by my hon-
orable friend from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack.]
but I fear the House, which has listened to mo
so heedfully, may wish to adjourn, and I do
not now propose to proceed on that subject;
and, if there be no objection, I will postpone
my further remarks until to morrow.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I desire to call the attention of the House to
one or two points pertinent to this debute. In
doing so I shall not reply to the remarks of
the gentleman who has just taken his seat. He
is trying to make some party capital out of
this subject, and to some extent, I admit, he is
justified in his criticism.
Mr. COX. Yes, sir; fully justified.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The language
of this amendment seems to me unfortunately
chosen, and I do not believe that those who
put itintothe Constitution saw, at the time, the
full scope and extent of its meaning. As a
matter of history, it was intended to declare
simply that where suffrage was denied or
abridged in any State on account of race, or
color, or previous condition of servitude, lep-
resentation should be diminished in the pro-
portion of such denial and abridgment. And
that was a wise and a just proposition. Bat,
I believe, as a matter of historical fact, that
when the article was pending in Congress,
some one suggested, in the spirit of a similar
criticism made by Madison in the consti-
tutional Convention, that the word "servi-
tude," or " slavery," ought not to be named
in the Constitution as existing or as exercising
any influence in the suffrage ; and hence this
negative form was adopted to avoid the use of
au unpleasant word. But, in adopting the
negative form, with a view to the exclusion of
only two classes, they did as a matter of fact
exclude many classes, who were manifestly
not in the mind of the authors of the amend-
ment at the time. Thus they made the back
of the blade cut as sharp as the edge itself.
The whole case is a striking illustration of the
danger of attempting to reach an object indi-
rectly where there was a direct road which
led to the same end.
But, Mr. Chairman, the Constitution is here,
in the words that have been quoted several
times during this debate. Can we obey its
requirements? If so. how? Or, shall we
neglect it? The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Mercur] says we may neglect it, because
the Constitution does not execute itself and
Congress made no law to provide for taking
the statistics necessary to its execution. I
wish to call that gentleman's attention to a
matter of history which, I think, will answer
his argument. The House ot'Ilepresentatives
passed at the beginning of the last Congress a
very elaborate bill, in which the carrying out
of this specific clause of the fourteenth amend-
ment was provided for, and the method pre-
scribed by which the statistics called for under
the fourteenth amendment should be obtained,
inat bill passed the House after eleven days'
debate, but the Senate came to the conclusion
that the old law for taking the census, the law
of 1850, was good enough, and the committee
which had charge of the subject reported on
the 7th of February, 1870, a bill as a substi-
tute for (he House bill, m these words:
frv ■Pla^ tho*Secretary of the Interior he directed so
to change the schedule and blanks to be used in
fnameratmg the inhabitants of tho United States
rraK° fte same conform to tho Con-
stitution of the United btatos,"
These words were proposed as a substitute
tor the House bill of some thirty or forty pages,
^icer a long debate, it was declared by {Sen-
ators that this substitute was unnecessary j not
that, as my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
*uERcrii] anirms, the Constitution would not
execute itself, but that it would be the duty
or uie Secretary of the Interior to make his
