1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
979
shipped until they arrive at the port of final
destination; and this enlarges that so as to
include eases of difference in the gauge of rail-
roads, or accidents, or legal intervention. I
will state that there have been some cases of
that kind where an accident on a railroad train
has prevented the original car from going
through to its final destination. Such a case
as that ought to be provided for, and the only
effect of this bill is to provide against unavoid-
able accidents.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask the chairman of the
Finance Committee if in case goods are on the
train or in the vessel that is referred to in the
bill it is necessary that an agent should ac-
company the train.
Mr. SHERMAN. An agent always has to
accompany the train.
Mr. SPRAGUE. On board a vessel that
receives these bonded goods is it necessary
that there shall be an agent in the vessel at all
times?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. This very law
provides for that. In that respect it is like
the other law. Inspectors must follow with
the car, vessel, or train, under the regulations
prescribed by the Treasury Department. The
only change this bill makes is providing for
the contingency of the legal detention of a
vessel or break of gauge as between the six
feet gauge and the four feet ten inch gauge in
the West, and also the case of an accident to a
railroad train whereby the car cannot possibly
go through, and where its contents may be
transferred from one car to another.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
NOTES AS CURRENCY.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to consider Senate bill No. 589, to
prohibit the issue and use of notes or bills as
currency in certain cases. The bill will explain
itself when it is read.
Mr. SPEN CBR. My colleague has an amend-
ment to propose to that bill, and he is not
present.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not press it, then.
DETENTION OF CALIFORNIA MAILS.
Mr. CASSBRLY submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
jRewlvfd, That the Postmaster General be, andhe
is, directed to transmit to the Senate without delay
any information in his control as to the detention
of the California mails on the Union Pacific and
Central Pacific railroads, or either of them, during
the present winter, and what steps he has taken,
if any, for the forwarding of such mails to their des-
tination; and that he transmit aiso copies of all
contracts for the trans portaion of the California mails
on the railroads specified.
RESIGNATION OF FEDERAL JUDGES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S.
No. 435) to authorize the President to accept
the resignation of judges of any court of the
United States.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not know what length of
time the bill proposed by the Senator from
Illinois will take; but I desire before it is
taken up, as there is nearly half an hour left
of the morning hour, to state that I shall deem
it my duty (the gentlemen now being in the
Chamber who are interested in the question) to
call up Senate resolution No. 6, in relation to
.recusant witnesses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Another Sena-
tor has given notice also of his intention to
move to proceed to the consideration of a Sen-
ate resolution ; but the motion now is to_ pro-
ceed to the consideration of this bill, which is
not amendable, and debate on its merits is not
in order.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 435) to authorize the
President to accept the resignation of judges
of any court of the United States. It pro-
poses to authorize the President to accept the
resignation of any judge of any court of the
United States, whenever satisfactory proof
shall be laid before him that such judge is,
from physical or other infirmity, permanently
disabled from performing efficiently the duties
of his office ; but the judge whose resignation
is to be so accepted is thereafter, during the
residue of his natural life, to receive the same
salary which was by law payable to him at the
time of his resignation, unless ho shall accept
some office of profit under the United States,
or any State, in which event the salary shall
cease; but nothing in this act, or in any other
act contained, is to be authorized to extend to
any judge other than a judge the tenure of
whose office is during good behavior.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with an amendment in lines live and
six to strike out the words " satisfactory proof
shall be laid before him," and to insert "he
shall be satisfied;" so that the clause will read:
That the President is hereby authorized and em-
powered to accept the resignation of any judge of
any court of the United States whenever he shall
be satisfied that s uch j udee is, from physical or other
infirmity, permanently disabled from performing
efficiently the duties of his said office, &c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless a division
is demanded this amendment will be regarded
as agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to ask some one
whether this bill provides for the retirement
of any judge without reference to the length
of his period of service; whether, under this
bill, a judge maybe appointed to-day and may
signify his disability to-morrow, or a few weeks
hence, and then be retired upon his full pay?
I believe this measure was introduced at the
last session. I may not be precisely accurate
as to whether it is the bill now before the Sen-
ate. ' I have sent for a copy of the bill. I
should like to have some information on the
subject.
Mr. CARPENTER. The bill provides that
a judge may be retired at any time upon its
being satisfactorily established that he is per-
manently disqualified to perform his duties.
Under the present law for retiring judges, they
must have served ten years and must have
arrived at the age of seventy; but it is mani-
fest that a judge may become permanently dis-
abled within one year, or two years, or three
years after he is placed on the bench. Now,
the simple question is whether he shall remain
in his place unable to perform his duties in
order to draw his salary, or whether he shall
have his salary and a competent man be put in
his place to perform those duties. It is a mere
question of performing the duties of the office.
We had a case of exactly that kind before us
from Texas a year or two ago. A judge was
paralytic, unable to rise from his bed, I believe,
for several years, and yet he held on to his
office and drew his pay until we passed a bill
to provide for that case. Now, this is a gen-
eral bill which provides for all such cases. It
seems to me it ought to pass.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to know the
nature of the amendment reported by the
Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment was a
mere change of phraseology as to the manner
of satisfying the President of the disability.
The resignation is to be accepted on satisfac-
tory evidence being produced to the President.
I do not remember the very words.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the exact words of the amendment,
and the Senator from Delaware, having a copy
of the bill in his hand, cau see the change
made.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not see a great deal
of difference between those two phrases in
their results. I believe the whole country felt
two or three years ago, when a law was passed
to give a judge who had served for a period of
ten years the right then in his discretion to
retire and enjoy his salary for the rest ot his
life, that a great blot had been removed from
the condition of our legislation relating to
judges. There had been the case of a very
illustrious man who had filled office for more
years than many of us have lived altogether,
who lived administering justice without reward
or fee, who brought credit and honor upon the
public service of this country, and yet by abso-
lute poverty was prevented from seeking that
repose toward the close of his life to which
his services so well entitled him, and which in
every respect it was his right to demand from
the public. I say, therefore, when a law was
passed which provided for judges after a long
term of service receiving an adequate and
proper compensation for their declining years,
everybody ielt that it was an act of simple
justice creditable alike to those who were to
receive it and to the Legislature which enacted
it. But here is somethihg going far beyond
that. Here is a proposition to create what
may be called a pension-list of the most royal
proportions. It applies to every Federal judge
whose tenure of office is limited by good
behavior, and any one of them can under
this law, after one week, one month, or one
year of service, retire forthwith and draw his
salary for the rest of his natural life. This is
giving an opportunity for a pension upon what
I have termed a royal scale indeed, and I do
not believe that justice to the official or to the
public service demands the passage of any such
law.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to interrupt him?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. Do 1 understand my
friend from Delaware to say that every judge
can do this thing? That is a misapprehension.
It is only judges who are absolutely disquali-
fied to perform the duties of their office, and
as to whom satisfactory proof of disqualifica-
tion is made to the President. The President
is authorized in that case, and in that case
alone, to accept of their resignations, and then
their salary is to go on. The principle of the
bill has no reference to any merit or demerit
of the judges. It is simply because something
must be done.
The idea of the bill is simply this: these
being judges who hold their office during good
behavior, they cannot be got rid of, if they
become disabled to perform the duties of their
office, by any mode we can take, not even,
perhaps, by a quo warranto. I doubt whether
they can by quo warranto be got rid of; but
if they could be, nobody wants to resort to
that. Then the question is, shall the public
service suffer ? We must get rid of them some-
how. They will not die, and they will not
resign that competent men may fill their places.
The idea of the bill is simply for the public
benefit. It has no regard whatever to the
merits or demerits of the judges.
Mr. BAYARD. I must express my sur-
prise, then, that this bill is not worded as it
should be in its title, l'A bill to get rid of
judges." *■ .
Mr. THURMAN. That is what it is.
Mr. BAYARD. That may be. I did not
pretend to look at what may lurk under the
language. It may be a bill to get rid of judges ;
but that is not a bill which I consider that the
people of this country want to have become a
law. The object of all these laws is to raise
the character of the public service, and you
can do that in no way more efficiently than by
providing equitably for the remuneration of
service when it shall have been rendered. I
shall be most glad at all times to see proper
remuneration for public service. I believe
that without it you will find defective service
indeed. A great part of that reform which is
so needed to-day, which cries so loud from all
sections of this country for relief, is owing to
the fact that there is not just remuneration to
