1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1875
pended balances were covered into the Treas-
ury. They were cut oft', and hence came here
for the deficiency. This year the Army for
the first time is run upon the appropriations.
Mr. SIjOGUM. We will see about that
bafore we get through. I take the broad
ground that our Government should not en-
gage in the manufacture of any article which
Can be purchased in open market, or which
can be obtained by contract. Manufacturing of
all kinds can be carried on far more econom-
ically by private parties than by the Govern-
ment, for reasons which must be obvious to
every one who is familiar with the method
by which Government employes are selected,
and the manner in which such employes usually
discharge their duties. In my judgment, it
would be far better for the country to-day if
there were not a Government workshop of any
kind in the land.
On this subject I know that many intelligent
members of the House will differ with me in
opinion." I am persuaded, however, that the
advocates of our present system of obtaining
vessels of war and arms and accouterments for
our troops are influenced more by custom
than by reason. As war preceded commerce,
nations were originally compelled to establish
dock-yards for the construction of vessels of
war. For many years almost the only vessels
constructed were those built by Governments
for offensive or defensive operations. In those
days, as a matter of course, all dock-yards
were supported by Governments. At, the
present time, however, nine tenths of the slnps
which float the sea are engaged iu commercial
pursuits, and the finest dock-yards in the
world at this time are those owned by private
individuals. To-day the foremost nations of
Europe are abandoning the Government yards
and having the greater part of the Govern-
ment work done in private yards. The same
is true with regard to the construction of arms.
As the first great use of fire-arms was for
the destruction of mankind in war, the con-
struction of arms necessarily devolved upon
Governments. The extensive establishments
for the manufacture of arms by private indi-
viduals are of recent orfgin. Within the last
ten years, however, these establishments have
manufactured ten stands of arms for every
one manufactured by the Government. Dur-
ing our late war we were compelled in a great
measure to rely on them for our supply of
arms. At least seventy-five per cent, ol the
small-arms and all the artillery used during
the late war were obtained by the Government
by contract. During the war between Prussia
and France all the heavy artillery and the
greater portion of the field artillery and small
arms used by Prussia were made by the cele-
brated private establishments of Krupp. These
facts prove conclusively that our country can
safely rely upon piivate enterprise for a sup-
ply not only of its vessels of war, but arms
and accouterments for our soldiers.
At a time like this, when so much alarm_ is
manifested at the great decline in our ship-
building interest.; when the necessity of sus-
taining the interest appears to be of such na-
tional importance that special committees are
appointed to investigate into the causes of its
decline—when various bills are pending before
this House proposing Government aid to it,
one by taking off all duties from articles used
by the ship-builders, another by giving a bounty
on all goods carried in ships constructed by
our own people, and another by direct contri-
butions of money taken from the Treasury—at
a time like this, how absurd it is for the Gov-
ernment to sustain at an enormous expense
dock-yard3?.hichare reaiiy in competition with
those supported by private enterprise.
What are we doing? First we establish a
Government workshop in close proximity to
similar shops supported by private enterprise,
thereby taking from private enterprise work
which is far more healthful to such enterprise
than contributions of money. We then fill
our workshops with politicians, and at their
behest pass eight-hour laws, and do other
things to demoralize labor in this particular
branch of industry ; and as we see private en-
terprise decline, as we see one establishment
after another close its doors, we appoint a
congressional committee to ascertain the
source of the evil, and finally come to the sage
conclusion that we must sustain the important
interest by appropriating to it some of the
people's money.
There would be much more wisdom in aid-
ing private enterprise by giving it Govern-
ment work rather than Government money.
What is true of our workshops connected
with the Navy is equally true with regard to
those connected with the Army. All the arms
we need can be manufactured by private enter-
prise at one tenth the expense now incurred,
and the work will be equally well done.
I am informed by the highest and most re-
liable authority that the manufacture and repair
of all the arms needed by our little Army could
be done in Colt's or Kemingtou's factories
without necessitating the erection of an addi-
tional building or the employment of one hun-
dred additional men; and yet to supply our
Army we find it necessary to support one gen-
eral, seventeen field officers, twenty captains,
and twenty-six lieutenants, in addition to a
large number of ordnance store-keepers, sol-
diers, mechanics and laborers, besides keep-
ing in repair twenty-seven different arsenals
and armories scattered throughout the various
States of the Union.
All this enormous expense is borne by the
people for the manufacture of articles which
could bo obtained by the Government in the
same manner that it obtains provisions and
clothing for its soldiers. There is no more
propriety in sustaining immense factories in
our principal cities for the manufacture of
arms than there is for the establishment of
factories for the manufacture of clothing and
shoes.
To estimate the vast expenditures required
to sustain these various arsenals and armories
we must consider the present value of these
establishments and the land attached to them.
There are attached to the Springfield arsenal
two hundred and forty acres of land; to the
arsenal located in the heart of Pittsburg nearly-
one hundred acres, the estimated value of
which is $1,000,000; to the Watertown arsenal,
one hundred acres; to the Watervliet arsenal,
located at West Troy, one hundred and fifteen
acres. And so I might go through the list,
proving, I believe, that the interest alone on
the value of our arsenals and armories would
supply our entire Army with arms, accouter-
ments, and ammunition.
Notwithstanding the enormous expense at-
tending the support of the ordnance depart-
ment, notwithstanding the fact that in time of
war we have been compelled to rely oil private
enterprise for our supplies, it would seem that
any attempt to check the extravagance must
prove futile, for the department increases year
by year. In 1880 it consisted of four field
officers and ten captains ; in 1838 two field
officers and twelve lieutenants were added;
in 1847 two captains and six lieutenants more
were added; in 1861 one brigadier general
was added ; in 1863 five field officers and eight
captains were added ; in 1866 six field officers
and eight more lieutenants were added.
I think these facts sufficient to convince any
one that we are needlessly squandering large
sums of money in this branch of the public
service. I am not in favor of destroying the
ordnance department or of merging it in any
other branch of the service, but 1 am in favor
of transferring all the officers now iu that
department, except eight or ten, to other arms
of the service. 1 am in favor of the immediate
sale of at least twenty-four of the twenty-seven
arsenals and armories now sustained by the
Government. I would have two places for the
storage of arms and accouterments, one in the
Bast and one in the West. I would have one
place where arms can be manufactured, and
where all the latest improvements and inven-
tions conld be fairly tested.
Ten ordnance officers would be sufficient to
enable ua to place one at each private estab-
lishment where we might desire to have arms
manufactured, to see that the work was done
according to contract, and allow four or five to
be on ditry at, the Government establishment,
where, with officers from the other branches
of the service, all the various inventions and
improvements can be tested. 1 have great
respect for the officers of the ordnance depart-
ment, knowing, as I do, that they are selected
from graduates of the Military Academy dis-
tinguished for scholarship. 1 cannot lorget,
however, that under the present arrangement
the young graduate assigned to the ordnance
corps is usually sent at once to some arsenal
where no work is done and no stimulant for
study is presented; where, after a few years
of comparative idleness, he is likely to lose the
ambition and the thirst for study with which
he left the Academy.
When it is proposed to leave the question
of deciding upon the various proposed improve-
ments in arms entirely in the bands of the chief
of ordnance, I cannot forget that at the com-
mencement of the late war the chief of that
department was agentleman over seventy years
of age—a man wedded to the things of the
past—who so far from beiug willing to adopt
the breech-loader, did not hesitate to express
his regret that the Army had ever abandoned
the use of the old flint-lock musket.
It was not until near the close of the war
that any considerable number of improved
arms were introduced, and then only upon
most pressing demands of the men in thefield.
I cannot forget that the Gatlin gun was urged
upon our Government in season and out of
season, from 1862 to the close of the war,
when it was taken to Europe, and after being
adopted by two or three of the leading Powers,
it was returned t,o this country to be adopted
by us long after the close of the struggle in
which it might have been so powerful an in-
strument.
"While I have no sympathy with those who
live only in the past and are disposed to ignore
the great inventions and improvements of the
present, I must confess that with regard to the
sphere of the military branch of our Govern-
ment and the duties devolving upon, the offi-
cers of our Army, there are certain antiquated
notions, certain views once universally enter-
tained, not only by our most accomplished
military men, but by the entire country, which
I would gladly see restored to us.
It requires no effort on my part to recall to
mind the time when the officers of our Army
ignored politics; when few if any of them
ever voted ; when all regarded the Army as a
branch of the executive department of the
Government, supported by the whole people
for the defense ot the country. I will venture
the assertion that when President Grant was
a lieutenant in the Army he never knew the
politics of one of his associates. He never
heard the merits of the political parties of
the day discussed. He will bear me witness
thatin liisArmy days militaryinen had nothing
to do with politics. What a wonderful change
has occurred since he was a lieutenant. Now
the military is indispensable at our elections.
We draw on the Army for our stump orators,
we call on them to preside at the polls. Haying
by their aid selected our Chief .Magistrate, if the
citizen would pay his respects to him he must-
first pass in review at the White House before
three or four brigadier generals. ^ fi we desire
to negotiate for the purchase of an island in the
sea, the negotiations must be carried on by a
brigadier general. If the merchants of jNev
York wish storage for their goods tuey muot go
to a colonel of the staff. We can haidiy pass a
bill through Congress without the aid at least
of a field officer.
