2772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
gress; I vote for it as in the nature of a
grcaa , x vuoc iui 10 no 111 uue iiatuic ui a.
protest against the character and effect of
that decision. I speak 110 word of disrespect
to the Supreme Court. I respect it as highly
as anybody. I honor it; but honor my own
convictions, and if that court or any tribunal
or any man shall run across the clear convic-
tions of my own mind, I must honor my own
convictions
Mr. EDMUNDS. And it is your duty here
to do it.
Mr. MORTON. The Senater says it is my
duty here. Yes, sir, it is my duty here. I
speak earnestly upon this question in view of
the vast future consequences that will unfold
themselves resting upon the principle involved
in thatdecision. Let a pardon have its natural
effect; let it be prospective in its operation;
let it make a man white in loyalty from that
time forward; but to make it retroactive in
comtemplation of law, to make him loyal from
the beginning, to give him a cause of aciion
against the Government because in contem-
plation of law he was a loyal inan, whereas in
point of fact he was a rebel laboring for the
destruction ot the Government, for one I am
not willing to admit that a pardon shall have
any such effect.
Now, Mr. President, in my opinion there is
no safety, so far as this particular fund is con-
cerned, except to strike out of this amendment
this provision and provide that there shall be
no payment for any claim or judgment of the
Court of Claims for captured and abandoned
propi rty except by an act of Congress; and
when they have to come to Congress for ap-
propriations in every case for a judgment of
that kind, then we shall have an opportunity
in every case of passing upon the question of
the loyalty of the claimant.
Mr. BLAI l{. Mr. President, this debate has
proceeded throughout upon the ground that
those who were engaged in the rebellion were
criminals, and that their exclusion from the
Court, oi Claims was a punishment for their
Clime. That seems to be the idea that has
prevailed among all those who have advocated
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont.
I have no doubt myself that all those who
weie engaged in rebellion against the Govern-
ment were criminals; but I have very great
doubt, whether it belongs to Congress to irn-
pose a punishment without trial and without
conviction by due process of law. For Con-
gress to declare that any class of the citizens
of this country, by reason of any act done by
them, are deprived of the right or privilege
to go into any of the courts, which is accorded
to all the other citizens of the United States,
is a punishment inflicted by act of Congress-
and I do not believe it is competent for Con-
gress to inflict that punishment. It is an ex
post facto law ; it is m the nature of a bill of
attainder, which is prohibited by the Consti-
tution. Moreover, these parties are required
to testify against themselves, which is likewise
prohibited.
There were pains and penalties pronounced
by the law that existed prior to the rebellion
against all who should raise their arms against
the Government. There was a mode pointed
out by which they could be reached and pun-
ished. Congress and the Government did not
see proper to follow up those modes of punish-
ment, but they saw proper to inflict certain
other punishments which had no existence
prior to that time, and by the act of Congress
itself, without the interposition of the courts
I deny the power of Congress to do that.
at^ Ind'ana has spoken of
what he considers a usurpation on the part of
the Supreme Court in legislating, as he says,
in assuming to give jurisdiction where it was
denied by Congress. Sir, Congress usurped
the powers of the courts in undertakingto
inflict punishment in violation of the Con-
stitution of the United States itself.
It will not do to say that Congress had the
right to take the lives of those who were in
arms against the Government and saw proper
rather to inflict a milder punishment upon
them. These men could only be punished by
the existing law, after trial and conviction,
after being confronted with the witnesses
against them, and by the verdict of a jury.
Any other mode of punishment is prohibited
by the Constitution of the United States. That
mode was not followed. The authorities did
not see proper to pursue those who had been
in rebellion against the Government and take
the only steps by which they could be con-
victed and punished. They saw proper to take
certain other courses, to violate the Con-
stitution itself, and sought to inflict indiscrim-
inate punishment, by legislative enactment in
violation of the provisions of the Constitution.
There has not been one word said in this
debate by those who favor the amendment,
which was not directed to show the justice of
this punishment against these men because
they were red-handed with the rebellion. That
is the whole argument. No man who has
spoken will deny that to exclude a citizen
from any right or franchise enjoyed by other
cilizens is a punishment; and if it is a pun-
ishment, the slightest punishment, it is beyond
the power of Congress to inflict it. They vio-
late the Constitution when they seek to inflict
it. They are forsworn, because they have
sworn to support the Constitution which they
violate. It is incompetent for this body and
the other House to unite in any process by
which a punishment shall be inflicted upon
any citizen of this country without due pro-
cess of law, without a trial, the right to have
his witnesses, to be confronted with the wit-
nesses against hi in, and to have the verdict
of a jury of his peers upon the crime with
which he has been charged.
But it was considered as a more summary
way, a shorter cut, to punish this great rebel-
lion and those who had been engaged in it,
by passing a law to take their property, by
passing a law to take from them the right of
suffrage, and these things were done with
political objects; not with a desire to vindi-
cate the majesty of the Government, but for
political puiposes ; and that shows the reason
for the piohibition which stands in our Con-
stitution. It was to curb the vindictiveness
of parties; it was to prevent those who were
filled with passion from inflicting punishment
without evidence and against evidence by legis-
lative enactment. The Supreme Court in curb-
ing the career of Congress in this direction, in
saying to them that they should not dictate
the judgments of the courts, have done exactly
what they ought to have done, what they had
a right to do, and what they will continue to
do as long as they are an honest and upright
court, and no evasion such as has been sought
by Senators here to reach this object will be
allowed to accomplish it.
It is admitted upon all hands that this was
private property, tbat it was seized and sold
and the proceeds placed in the Treasury of
'^h u®8' and a law enacted to enable
those who could prove their rights to take it.
lhe Government did not take it for the pur-
pose ot retaining it. They did not take it for
purposes of plunder, to plunder their adver-
take Vh afl a,n astounded to hgar Senators
take the floor and declare that it is essential
in order to guard the public Treasury that we
should retain that which was taken and held
by the Government in violation of all ideas of
civilized warfare. The war was not made
upon the private property of individuals, and
although much private property of the citizens
was necessarily destroyed, and all that was
contraband of war was taken during the war
7r^rate pr?pe;ty fel1 into tbe ^
of the Government it does not comport with
2y; ^i? T oed Warfare that il should be
retained by the Government,
I was somewhat amused by the idea that
was thrown out, of the great favor done to
these citizens by taking their property, where
it was said to be so worthless, and conveying
it to a place of safely and holding it there
subject to the order of the individual!
Mr. BAYARD. Rescuing it!
Mr. BLAIR. If they rescued it, I can assure
Senators that those who engaged in the rescue
got their salvage. [Laughter.] We all know
something about the history of those transac-
tions. We know something of the agents who
were appointed to go through the South and
gather up this property and convey it to New
York. We know that every agent through
whose hands it passed took tithe. We know
also, that the great agent in New York en-
riched himself; that this properly was sold
for a trifle of its value ; that it was sold by
sample; that it was sold to favorites ; and
that the agent in the city of New York, who
was a bankrupt when he was appointed, died
a millionaire. This property was not sold for
one tithe of its value.
The remnant of it, in my opinion, ought to
be paid by the Government to the private
owners of that property, and I believe it will
be. As has been said on the floor to day, all
the claims that are filed against this fund do
not amount to more than one half of it; in all
probability the residue of it was in fact what
is known as confederate cotton. But those
who have made their claims and have made
their proof are entitled to the amounts due
them. The idea of the property of rebels being
confiscated or any other punishment inflated
upon those who were in the rebellion by an
act of Congress is a violation of the Oonstuu-
tion itself. If their property was confiscated
it could only be confiscated by the judgment
of a court on proof that they were rebels. If
their lives were_ to be taken they could only
be taken by the judgment of a couit according
to due process ot law. If any other punishment
is to be inflicted upon them, it can only be done
in that way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Har-
lan in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ohio
Lilr. Sherman] to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from ^ ermonr, [Mr. Morrill.]
Mi. EDMUNDS. Let us have the yeas and
nays upon that.
lhe yeas and nays were ordered.
r. CONKL1NG. Mav I inquire what be-
came ot the amendment moved by the Senator
lorn New Jersey [Jlr. Fuelinghuysen] to
stricken ou0t?amendmeilt be'°re au>thln6 was
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As the Chair
nierstands, the amendment proposed by the
am ^ew Jersey was a proposition to
m! nmirMvK81' of theamendment,
nrfmfiu't ^ understand it was a
proposition to perfect the amendment before
amenrim +1 WfS strlcken out' if it be an
amendment looking to the perfection of the
Olflal .uUnUfStand' then 1 submit to the
on that question would not be
atoTrhfroPRMSIDTING 0FPICER. The Sen-
again 6y °aD State his amendment
in^d That amend ment is not
an amo ,ow' ®au®eis an amendment to
but-hat ¥S already been ad°Pted'
i" cosjteiSrtl!
feet tho t 1 • ■ s a notion to per-
a motion tn .,subnnt 11 has precedence over
The VTCff that text"
from Npw Yn P^.^IDENT. _ The Senator
that Dart nf th t1S correct it is to perfect
ouTbut noflt > ' Xtpr0p0Sedt0 be s,ricken
portion hfrh 18 Pr°I>0S6d to the remaining
of the Senatn a?lenc'j'"eat- If lhe amendment
the nart nr/ T lW Jersey is to perfect
amendm f t0 be stricken out by the
Wetvn1! Senat0r from 0hio> wiU
pironty of that amendment.
