3668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
man from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] who intro-
duced this bill, and who is himself a living
proof that magnetic influences may flow with
delightful energy from the excited fountain of
oratory upon the surrounding audience with-
out the aid of transmitting wires or the pro-
pulsion of submerged batteries, but emanating
from the kindled spark of genius may float
upon the musical intonations of the human
voice, and glide upon the unseen vibrations
of the all surrounding air from heart to heart,
awakening passion and kindling emotion with
simultaneous activity in the souls of a thou-
sand hearers.
The press, twin-sister of the telegraph, both
" beautiful messengers of the intellectual em-
anations of gods and men;" the press has
already indorsed this theory as plausible, and
commended it to the favorable consideration
of Congress and the country.
I submit the following extract from a late edit-
orial of a Washington paper, which, although
riot heretofore remarkably accurate in its
delineations of individual character, holds
hi^hrankas the advocate of scientific research
and of progress in exploring the untrodden
realms of literature and of art:
" If there be truth in the assertion, which seems
to be thoroufchlj supported by scientific tacts and
experiments to actualdemonstration, thattelegraph-
iug may be done without wire or cable, according to
Loomis's plan, then wo think every possible facility
should bo accorded the undertaking. Tbiity years
hso Morse's plan was looked upon as more wild and
impossible than this. We would not pretend to
pronuuuue upon the scientific accuracy ot the aerial
phi 11, but so plausible doe-< it look andso corrobora-
tive have all the test experiments proven, that
we do say there ought to be found at least 'two
voles' somewhere in the country to put it on a
working basis and let the present generation enjoy
its benefits; for it promises interests more infin-
itely vast than nil lormer telegraphs, and worthy
encouragement even upon general principles. Not
only iirc the wires and cables dispensed with in
tins later plan, but all artificial batteries, which
alone cost the Western Union company 8123,000 per
annum."—Sunday Chronicle, April li, 1872.
Also this, from the Michigan Republican
Butiuer, Apiil 24, 1872:
Thr fsoomis Aerial Tvleyiaph.—Some of the
fi ieuds of scienco here are expressing anxiety to see
that the proposed corporation for experimenting in
aerial telejrraphy bo favorably reported by the com-
mittee hnvmg the bill m charge and pulsed by Con-
Kiess. It will cost the Government nothing, and if
it. is opposed by other telegraphic interests, that is
the very bost reason why it should uceivo legis-
lative support. Few pretend to know anything of
the moiits of telegraphing without wire or cable,
but whether it can be accomplished or not, the tact
ths t learned scientists have laid down general
principles showing it to be possible at least, makes
it the true interest of progress that itshould not be
allowed to diag through two sessions of Congress
without even being reported. If unsuccessful, it
costs nothing to any but the parties who believe in
if; and if successful, it is the grandost triumph of
seioneo over tune and space that the woild has yet
Uncovered. Let it have aehance towoikout the
f.nth ol its author, Dr. Mahlon Loomis, and his
disciples in electa ical science. Will t,ho committee
rise and explain ?"
And this* too, from the staid Quaker City,
whos« equanimity can only be disturbed by
the Cincinnati convention or a centennial
exposition :
"Aerial Telegraph.—-An aerial telegraph bill will
be brought up in the House of Representatives soon,
for the incorporation of a company to prospect in the
linoof elcetucal investigation and aerial communi-
cation of human thought. It is proposed by the
inventor to do this iiuiu the highest attainable phys-
ical elevations across the aerial spaces from point to
point, without wires, and by the simple vibrations
of electrical forces spreading out like waves across
the continent. It may be visionary; but the in-
ventor has great taitn. Who shall put bounds to
new discoveries? We hajt at nothing."
i\lr. Speaker, the object of tins bill is to en-
ablclhe gentlemen interested ill the invention,
citizens mostij of this District, to associate 111 a
coiporaie capacity and accumulate sufficient
capital by the voluntary contribution ol' those
who have faith in the tneory of (he inventor to
develop an alleged system of control over the
mysterious elements of nature, the most mar-
velous that ever entered into the conceptions
of' the human mind.
This theory assumes that tliG earth iiseif,
tile al:i;o.'-pIitrt sunounding n, and tie infinite
depths of space encompassing this aerial
world, contains a succession of concentric
circles or planes of electricity, of which those
nearest the earth are perpetually disturbed by
oceauic currents, atmospheric changes, alter-
nations of day and night, and the ever-varying
effects of solar radiation and lunar influences ;
but that above these, pierced, perhaps, by the
tops of the loftiest mountains, are concentric
circles, or vast surrounding seas of undisturbed
electricity, which may be affected by any inter-
penetrating galvanic force from beneath, caus-
ing electrical vibrations, or waves, to pass
from that point within such electric plane
around the world, as upon the surface of some
quietlake one wave circlet follows another from
the point of disturbance to the remotest shores.
So that from any other mountain-top upon
the globe any conductor which shall pierce
this plane and receive the impression of such
vibration may be connected with an indicator,
which will mark the length and duration ofsuch
vibration, and indicate by any agreed system
of notation convertible into human language
the messages of the operator at the point of
first disturbance ; and thus not only from one,
but many mountain-tops, piercing far above
the circumambient atmosphere, the devotee of
science and the solemn student of nature may
gather the unwritten messages of interest or
affection from the silent solitudes of nature
and the cerulean depths of heaven with uner-
ring accuracy, and transmit them to the den-
izens of all lands by the mundane machinery
of telegraphic instrumentalities.
Such, Mr. Speaker, in brief, is the outline
of this simple but marvelous theory which
the Committee on Commerce have the honor
of submitting for your consideration. And I
observe, sir, with surprise, not unmingled with
regret, that some of the chosen representa-
tives of American intelligence in this Hall
appear to look with incredulity, if not with
indifference, upon this enunciation of a theory
in nowise inconsistent with the known facts
of science or the marvelous discoveries of
the age; while it is refreshing to perceive that
all the gentlemen of higher culture and supe-
rior intellectual endowments within the sound
of my voice seem willing to render to these
propositions their calm and dignified attention,
and to give their favorable indorsement of
these impecunious instrumentalities of corpo-
rate efficiency 1
Sir, the time may come when it will be the
proudest honor of those gentlemen who now
listen with dreamy indifference to the hopes
and aspirations of this inventor of the aerial
telegraphic system to have had their names
coupled with this immortal discovery, by even
the empty encouragement of a reluctant affirm
ative vote. Ay, sir, when the names of the
supporters of this bill, like those of the im-
mortal signers of the Declaration, if not "en-
graved 011 brass " shall at least be encompassed
in gilded frames, and adorn alike the halls of
science and the abodes of wealth. And when,
loo, upon that immortal roll of honor, your
name, Mr. Speaker, like that of the illus-
11 ions Abou Ben Adam, which was inscribed
within the book of God as one who loved his
I'ellow-meu, "leads all the rest. "
Sir, there is an exceeding appropriateness
in giving to this discovery the sanction of
A in eric., n legislation. There is an admirable
teason, in ''the eternal fitness of things,'1 thai,
this bill should originate in these Halls, so
recently honored by the presence of the beauty
and intellect of the nation, assembled to render
homage and reverence to the memory of the
immortal inventor of telegraphic communica-
tion ! Who, among this " high imperial throng
of new-born legislators bright," would not
desire to emulate the achievements of their
colleagues who were lately honored with the
glorious piivilege of ministering within these
Halls, at theahar of memory, whereon the
fioe will offering of respect and of gratitude to
departed genius was laid with pious benedic-
tions ; a scene rendered impressive by the
glowing oratory of living tongues, the choral
harmony of human voices, the orchestral music
of many-sounding instruments, but still more
weird and solemn by the mysterious messages
from far-off lands and beyond the seas, which
brought to our national convocation tributes
of gratitude from the civilized world, and
commingled in a simultaneous offering the
respect and the sorrow of universal humanity !
Those messages, which came to our midst
from the utteimost parts of the earth in a
moment, in the twinkling of an eye, were not
brought by human couriers 1 They came un-
announced, save by the mysterious clicking
of an instrument untouched by human hands !
Over vast plains, through populous kingdoms,
and through the mysterious depths of oceans,
they came by unknown paths! For now, as
of olden time, " there is apath which no fowl
knoweth. and which thevulture's eye haih not
seen : the lion's whelps have not trodden it,,
nor the fierce lion passed by it! " Who, there-
fore, shall limit the possibilities of discovery ?
Or who shall set boundaries to the explor-
ations of genius? Our own century is ablaze
with the glory of invention, and our own
country is luminous with the achievements of
genius 1
It was in America that the lightnings of
heaven were first subdued to the empire of
man, and were afterward made to more than
realize the poeL's inspiration and girdle the
round earth with the instantaneous transmis-
sion of human thought 1
Sir, the genius of Shakespeare was com-
pelled to invoke the mystery and the mechan-
ism of the spirit-world when he produced to
our delighted vision the etherial fairy, with
the promise " to put a girdle round about the
earth in forty minutes;" while the genius of
Morse, surrounded by the cold materialism of
American aquisitiveness, and in the broad sun-
light of American civilization, but touched the
trembling wire with the electric spark, and lol
the mandates of commerce and the messages
of affection encircled the earth with the velocity
of thought, and traversed the unknown laby-
rinths of the ocean with unerring precision.
Mr. Speaker, this theory of aerial communi-
cation may be delusive; it may be entirely
visionary. The earnestness aud sincerity of
its inventor may give insufficient guarantee of
its final success. The long and weary months
of waiting our action may hereafter seem blight
aud joyous to him when compared to the final
disappointment or utter failure which may
await the ultimate trial of this fondly cher-
ished project. But, sir, the boon they ask is
so trifling, the franchise we confer so entirely
harmless and inexpensive, and the benefits to
our memorialists in their estimation so import-
ant, that it would be unworthy our intelligence
longer to refuse or coldly turn away. We
shall use our power generously, even if this
theory does seem to our comprehension utterly
visionary and the dreams of its inventor wild
and fantastic; ay, even if to our cooler judg-
ment this alleged control over the mysterious
powers of nature does seem the vagary of a
disordered intellect.
Do we not recognize in the development of
every great truth, in the evolution of every
ideal triumph, this ever-existing condition :
that there is always a central point around
which sanity revolves in serene confidence
while the soul scans its new creation, "loid
of the ascendant ?"
Sir, the visions of the seer are wont to be
mistaken for the ravings cJf insanity I The
sublime revelations of prophecy as well as the
announcement of immortal truths have oft-
times been deemed the vagaries of those whom
" much learning hath made mad." it is not
given to mortals to draw asunder the vail that
separates us from the spiritual world, or to
catch full glimpses of the glory of the universe;
yet, alike in the hour of our proudest triumph
and of our bitterest affliction, the good augels
