1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
80
this memorial to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented petitions of citi-
zens of Essex, Russell, Lowell, and Hinsdale,
Massachusetts, praying the repeal of the duty
011 salt; which were referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of Emma
M. Moore, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
widow and legatee of the late Commodore
Edwin M. Moore, praying for the payment of
interest on a claim which she alleges to have
been unjustly withheld from her by the Gov-
ernment from the 3d day of March, 1857, to
April 11, 1869 ; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. Oil A GIN presented the petition of the
children of Mrs. Harriet de la Palm Baker,
deceased, daughter and legal heir of the late
Lieutenant Colonel Frederick H. Weissenfels,
of the army of the Revolution, praying a dona-
tion of land to them by the Government in
payment for services rendered by Colonel
Weissenfels ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Revolutionary Claims.
He also presented petitions of citizens of
Hanover, Mount Vernon, Bradford, Wolfbor-
ongh, Gilmanton, and Dunbarton, New Hamp-
shire, praying the repeal of the duty on salt;
which were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SPENCER presented a petition of citi-
zens, tax-payers, of the city of Mobile, Ala-
bama, praying the repeal of the duty on salt;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. PRATT. I present the petition of W.
S. Single and others, citizens, publishers, and
stationers at Lafayette, Indiana, praying Con-
gress to abolish the sale of stamped envelopes
by the Government, or to modify the existing
law authorizing their sale in certain particulais
pointed out, so as to relieve them from unjust
competition. I move its reference to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN presented the petition of
Joseph J. Petrie, praying compensation for
services rendered to emigrants in the Sacra-
mento valley in 1849 and 1850; which was
referred to tho Committee on Claims.
lie also presented the petition of Ann M.
Marshall, widow of Captain Patterson Mar-
shall, deceased, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. BLAIR presented papers in relation to
claims of certain citizens of Glasgow, Mis-
souri, praying remuneration for certain prop-
erty destroyed by military authority during the
late war ; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I present nine petitions
signed by sundry citizens of different parts of
the State of Vermont, asking the repeal of the
duty on salt. These petitions, although evi-
dently gotten up by some association and sent
around to be signed, no doubt express the
opinions of these gentlemen, and I do not
know but that they represent the opinions of
the whole body of our people in Vermont; but
I always wish to submit with a qualification
petitions of this character, that evidently ema-
nate from some central source, and do not seem
to be very spontaneous. I move tho reference
of these petitions to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. RICE. I wish an order made for the
withdrawal of some papers; but I desire first
to make a statement in regard to it. I pre-
sented a petition some sessions back for the
relief of William J. Patton, a collector in
Arkansas, and owing to the tact that he could
not get his accounts settled in the Department
the case was reported back adversely. His
accounts are now in a condition to present
that case again, and I wish to get leave to
withdraw the papers which were then pre-
sented from the files of the Senate and have
them referred to the Committee on Finance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
kot in the chair.) The Senator from Arkan-
sas asks unanimous consent to withdraw certain
papers. Is there objection ? The Chair hears
no objection, and the order to withdraw will be
entered.
On motion of Mr. SCOTT, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Captain Samuel
Adam?, praying compensation for services rendered
and expenses incurred in the exploration of the
Colorado river of the West, its tributaries, and the
country adjacent thereto, be withdrawn from the
files of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1C3) for
the relief of Mrs. Martha L. House Russell,
reported it without amendment, and submitted
a report thereon ; which was ordered to be
printed.
FUNERAL EXPENSES OF DECEASED OFFICERS.
Mr. FENTON. The Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate, to whom was referred a resolution pro-
viding for a certain payment to the daughters
of the late John C. Burch, have directed me
to report it back and recommend its passage ;
and I ask that it be put on its passage now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution submitted
by Mr. Nye on the 11th instant:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
directed to pay, out ot the contingent fund of the
Senate, to the three daughter of John C. Burch,
deceased, late minute and Journal clerk of theSon-
ate, $150 for his funeral expenses, and a further
allowance equal to three months' pay of his annual
salary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I think this has not been the universal
usage of the Senate. It is something that has
grown up recently. If it is proper to be done
in all cases, I think it would be better to estab-
lish a general rule for the practice of the Sen-
ate. I believe that in the case of Senators it
is not allowed at all. We are only allowed
pay up to the time of death. I will inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Contingent
Expenses what the practice of the Senate has
been.
Mr. FENTON. The Senator from Nevada
has a list of the cases, I think.
Mr. NYE. I will say, in reply to the Sen-
ator from Vermont, that I find on examination
that allowances of this kind have "been usual
ever since 1821. On February 9, 1821, $100
was allowed to the widow of Samuel Turner
for funeral expenses. They could bury people
cheaper then. On February 21, 1839, the Sen-
ate attended the funeral of Edward Ware,
assistant doorkeeper, and paid all the ex-
penses ; Mr. Ware left no family. On January
13, 1841, $500 was allowed to the widow of
Stephen Haight, Sergeant at-Arms, and the
expenses of conveying his remains to Ver-
mont, and of the funeral there. In addition he
was allowed his salary to the end of the term
for which he was elected. O11 April 2, 1840,
$500 was voted to the widow of Edward Dyer,
late Sergeant-at-Arms, for funeral expenses,
and salary to the end of the term for winch he
was elected. O11 May 14, 1840, $150 was
allowed to the family of James Timms, late
Postmaster of the Senate, for funeral expenses,
and salary to the end of the session, and also
the allowance then usually granted to the em-
ployes of the Senate, naniflv, two months' pay.
On December 15, 1858, $150 was voted to the
unmarried daughters of Isaac Holland, late
assistant doorkeeper, for funeral expenses,
and throe months' salary. On March 3, 1803,
$500 was voted to the widow of J. C. Fitzpat-
rick, late pay clerk in the Secretary's office.
On July 9, 1800, $300 was voted to the family
of William Hickey, late Chief Clerk of tho Sen-
ate, for fuueral expenses, and his salary for
the residue of the year in which he died. On
March 30, 1868, ยง300 was allowed to the fam-
ily of Noah Smith, late principal legislative
clerk, for funeral expenses, and two months'
pay in addition.
There are other precedents of like character,
all of which show an existing custom of the
Senate since 1824; and certainly if in any case
it was deserved, it was in the case of my friend,
the late Journal clerk, John C. Burch.
Mr. FENTON. The precedents which have
been referred to by the Senator from Nevada
came to the knowledge of the Committee on
Contingent Expenses, and they directed me to
report back another resolution referred to that
committee with that now before the Senate,
which I hold in my hand, to make an allow-
ance to the family of John W. Jones, who had
charge of the stationery department of the
Senate, and died during the recess.
Mr. SHERMAN'. I am told that the cus-
tom has been uniform to give to the employes
of the Senate an allowance fully equal to this,
and in some cases more. In the case of a
former Secretary of the Senate, Mr. Dickins,
who died during my service here, his family
were allowed a full year's extra pay, together
with Iiis funeral expenses. In the case of one
Sergeant-at-Arms, the allowance was $500.
The amount fixed in this resolution seems to
be small.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thisbeingareso-
lution appropriating money out of the contin-
gent fund, is to be treated, according to the
twenty-sixth rule, like a bill. It will there-
fore be considered as in Committee of the
Whole, reported to the Senate, and read the
the third time. The question is, " Shall it
pass?"
The resolution was passed.
Mr. FENTON. The same committee instruct
me to report the resolution in regard to Mr.
Jones; and I ask that the same disposition be
made of it as in the preceding one.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the following resolu-
tion, submitted by Mr. Sherman on the 11th
instant:
llemlced, That the Secretary of the Senate be
directed to pay out ot the contingent fund of the
Senate, to the widow of John W. Jones, deceased,
late keeper of the stationery of the Senate, $150 for
his lunerat expenses, and a further allowance equal
to three months of his annual salary.
The resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 377) for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of the late George T. Wiggins, of
Keokuk, in the State of Iowa : which was read
twice by its title, and, with the papers in the
case alieady 011 the files of the Senate, relerred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a hilt (S.
No. 378) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads in Florida, and to secure rail-
road connection with the nearest harbor to
Cuba and other West India islands; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee 011 Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 379) for the construction of a public build-
ing at Chicago, Illinois ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildiugs and Grounds, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there are no other
bills to be introduced, I desire to move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
bill for the removal of political disabilities.
Mr. CONICLING. I have a bill which I
wish to introduce.
