1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
981
the courts be vacant for four, five, or six years
beeau.se a judge who is stricken down with
paralysis is too poor to live without the salary,
and therefore will not resign.
Mr. FRELINGI1UYSEN. Mr. President,
I am 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the customs bill is
before the Senate.
Mr. TRU MBULL. I hope the customs bill
will be informally laid aside until we get
through with this matter.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President-  
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the customs bill will be laid aside
informally.
Mr. COLE. I move the postponement of
the present special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Jersey is recognized as entitled to
the floor on the bill under consideration dur-
ing the morning hour. That is now superseded
by the customs bill.
Mr. COLE. I move to postpone that bill
and all other orders, and that the Senate take
up for consideration the executive, legislative,
and judicial appiopnation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
not make that motion at this moment. This
debate is probably nearly through. Let us get
through with this bill.
Mr. COLE. I see no likelihood of its being
through.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will withdraw
all claim to the tloor, and let us take the vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California withdraw his motion
temporarily, or not?
Mr. COLE. If the vote can be taken with-
out any further debate I will.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. Without my
saying a word.
Mr. CONKLING. I, for one 
Mr. COLE. If the Senator rises to debate
the bill, 1 must insist on my motion.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not rise at this
moment to debate it, but to make a remark
in which I mean no offense to anybody. It
places Senators in a very ungracious attitude
to be compelled, as the Senator from New Jer-
sey is at this moment, and as I shall be com-
pelled myself, either to forego a remark which
one would like to make upon an important
bill of this sort, or else to stand alone, perhaps,
in an apparently unaccommodating spirit, m
the way of the suggestion that a vote be taken
at once. I should dislike very much to intrude
any remark, because 1 cannot attach any value
to a remark of my own which would be at all
commensurate with incommoding the Senate
when it wishes to vote upon a bill. But yet,
when a bill is taken up as this has been, and
two or three Senators express their views
on it, and the morning hour expires, and then
other Senators say, '"Now let us vote," I re-
peat that it puts those who would like to say
something about it, as 1 should about this bill,
in a verv awkward attitude, in the attitude ot
either interposing against the wishes of other
Senators, or else withholding the remarks they
would like to make in regard to it. At this
time I shall not object to a vote being taken
Oil this bill if nobody else does.
I am opposed to the bill; I wish to assign
my reasons for my opposition; and if it. comes
up at any time when 1 can do so without inter-
fering with other Senators I shall beg briefly
to assign my reasons lor voting against it. I
can see no great urgency in regard to it, and
I should think it had better stand until we can
have more than I think about seventeen min-
utes which have elapsed since it was first
taken up. I think it has been only about
seventeen minutes, certainly a not very egre-
aious length of time to consider a measure so
important as this. Still, I will not object in
this instance. 1 only say that I think we
ought to avoid, if we can, that mode ot trans-
acting business which casts upon a single Sen-
ator the odium—for such it is—of insisting
on his right to be heard, even at the expense
of a general suggestion relating to the con-
venience of the body. I do not object now,
if nobody else does, although I should like to
say something about the bill.
Mr. COLE. Out of courtesy to the Senator
from New York, I shall have to insist on my
motion.
ORDER 01 BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is super-
seded, and therefore the customs bill is before
the Senate, and the Senator from California
moves to postpone it and all other orders and
to take up the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. COLE. I hope it will be done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am opposed myself
to laying aside the business ot the Senate at
this stage for the purpose of calling up an
appropriation bill that is not to talse effect
until after the 30th of June next, next, July. I
do not know why the Senator from California
should come in here with such a suggestion.
I trust the Senate will not consent to any such
motion as laying aside all its business for the
purpose of taking up an appropriation bill at
this stage. I know in the latter portion of the
session, when the session is drawing to a close,'
and there is a necessity for the passage of the
appropriation bills before we adjourn, other
business is made .to give way to them ; but
that the other business of Congress in the
commencement of February should be made
to give way to an appropriation bill for the
next fiscal year [ think is very unreasonable.
If the Senator persists in his motion I hope
the Senate will vote it down, and that we shall
be permitted to finish the bill under consider-
ation.
Mr. President, there is a great deal in the
economy of time in doing business, and we
accomplish a great deal more, and the Sena-
tor from California will succeed in getting his
appropriation bills acted upon eailier, if he
allows us when we have taken up a bill, as we
have this one this mornjng, upon which it is
not at all probable there will be any consider-
able discussion, to dispose of it. I presume
the whole discussion would be ended and we
might have voted before this but for the inter-
position of the Senator from California, who
has persisted in thrusting in his motion, not
being willing to allow a moment informally to
consider a bill that nobody proposes to debate
at all. There was a suggestion that a few
words might be said upon it, but he insists
upon thrusting in an appropriation bill, and
he has occupied more time, I apprehend, in
doing that than it would have taken to pass the
bill under consideration. If this bill goes
over now and comes up another time, the dis-
cussion will be gone over again. I ask the
Senate to dispose of this bill before we take
up the appropriation bill, and I ask the Sen-
ate to dispose of the bill of the Senator from
New York, the bill in relation to the customs
service, a bill designed to bring about a great
reform in the custom-houses of the country,
to purify them ; one which will cure, as we
are told by the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, many of the evils of that service.
I hope that the motion of the Senator from
California will not prevail.
Mr. COLE. I do not intend to follow the
example of my friend from Illinois and_ sub-
mit any extended remarks on the motion I
have made. The custom has been in the
Senate too often to crowd the appropriation
bills into the last few days, sometimes thelast
hours of the session, when it was impossible
to give them the consideration they deserved
as the most important bills befoie the body.
We have brought up this bill pretty early in
the session, it is true; none too early, how-
ever. It has been before the Senate some two
or three weeks. The Committee on Appro-
priations of the Senate have given it very
careful attention. I apprehend it will not
excite much discussion in open session, but
might be disposed of speedily, and so be out
ot ihe way ot the business of the Senator from
Illinois and that of other Senators, if they will
assist in getting it up now and hurrying it
through. I hope the Senate will agree to the
motion I have made and proceed to the con-
sideration of this bill to-day, and get through
with it to-day if possible.
Mr. SHERMAN. The motion now is to
postpone what is called the customs bill and
take up an appropriation bill. The customs
bill was introduced at the last session of
Congress and referred to the Committee on
Finance, has been very carefully examined in
connection with the information derived from
the Treasury Department, embracesmany diffi-
cult and interesting subjects, and in my judg-
ment will enable the President and the Treas-
ury Department to cure many existing evils
in the customs service. It carries out several
recommendations of the President of the Uni-
ted States in his annual message, and also of
the Secretary of the Treasury. It repeals
the system of fines, moieties, and forfeitures,
according to the recommendation of both those
high officers. It has been pretty well consid-
ered. i know no good reason for its post-
ponement except that the select committee
recently in session in New York may be able
to throw some light on the subject by the
course of their investigations upon it, and if
the members of that committee who have had
this subject somewhat in charge desire the
postponement of this bill, to give us the
information that they derived in their exam-
ination, I would not resist the postponement.
But it does seem to me that this important
measure, which has had the benefit ot a very
careful examination, ought not be postponed
for the appropriation bills, which are usually
passed at the closing hours of the session.
This legislative appropriation bill especially is
a mere matter ot form. It carries out existing
laws, sets! aside sums of money for the purpose
of paying salaries, &o. Its passage now is not
material, if it passes any time before the 1st
of July it will do just as well as now. It does
seem to me that we shall economize time and
do best for the public service by taking up the
customs bill, which will no doubt give rise to
some debate, considering it, voting upou it,
and passing it; and then will be time enough
to take up the appropriation bill. 1 shall
therefore consider it necessary and proper for
me to stand by the bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance until it has had a fair dis-
cussion, unless some good reason, not yet
given, shall be assigned for its poslponement.
Mr. CHANDLER. The customs bill reported
from the Committee on Finance has some very
good features in it and some very bad ones.
There is now before the Committee on Com-
merce a bill prepared by the Secretary of.the
Treasury, which he recommends, which is a
much more perfect bill than this, but the Com-
mittee on Commerce have deferied action on
that bill, which of course I shall introduce as
a substitute if this measure is taken up. It is
much better than this bill as it stands, although
it is not yet perfected. 'The chairman ot the
Committee on Investigation and Retrench-
ment has not yet returned ; he is a member ot
the Committee on Commerce, and I desire his
experience in the New York custom-house be-
fore acting on that bill. He is expected back
before the meeting of the committee on Thurs-
day, and I think we ought at least to avail
ourselves of any information which may have
been procured by the committee which sat so
long in New York.
While 1 am up, Mr. President, I wish to
thank the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations for bringing in his bills
thus early. Heretofore the appropriation bills
have been crowded out until the very last
