1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-KESSIONAL GLOBE.
33
42d Cong....2d S
Arkansas Contested Election—Mr. Boles.
Ho. of Reps.
court of the State ; a life-long Democrat, and
for many years one of the foremost leaders of
that party in the State of Arkansas. (See pages
1G and 17 of the printed papers.) Judge Wat-
kins testifies substantially to the same facts on
this point that Colonel Gantt and General Gar-
land have testified to ; and among other mat-
ters stated by him, he testifies as follows:
" Question. Hare yon any knowledge, direct or
indirect, that Governor Powell Clayton authorized
Chamberlain to make the propositions to you named
in your deposition ?
Answer. I have not, only at the time he professed
to be acting as the friend of Governor Clayton, as I
understood him.
" Question. Do you or do you not know the fact,
and was it not generally understood in thiscommnn-
ity at and before the times and occurrences named,
that said Chamberlain was a warm and active sup-
porter ofGoverhorPowell Clayton, andinfavorof
his election to the Senate of the United States?
" Answer. Mr. Chamberlain's position in thoLegis-
lature seemed to be, in many respects, equivocal,
both as to measures and his adherence to Governor
Clayton, but my understanding from him and others
was that he was in favor of the election of Governor
Clayton to the United States Senate."
This evidence shows why it was that Gov-
ernor Clayton did not give me the certificate,
although I had more than two thousand ma-
jority, and although the laws of Arkansas
plainly provided that he should do so imme-
diately after the count was made. And the
law did not leave him in doubt as to whose
count should determine the person elected, for
it plainly and positively declares who shall per-
form that important duty—that the secretary
of State shall make the canvass. And the law
is equally explicit as to the duty of the Gov-
ernor in this connection, his only duty being
to be present at the count, and to immediately
announce by proclamation the result of the
election as determined by the count' made by
the secretary of State, and to grant a certifi-
cate under the great seal of the State to the
person elected according to such count. His
duty being strictly ministerial, there-is no dis-
cretion given him.
This evidence explains the long delay in
issuing the certificate. He was waiting to
use the granting of the certificate to the best
advantage to promote his own selfish aspira-
tions. He held this certificate back to be
used, as he did use it, as so touch political
capital or stock in trade. This is the reason
why he so unscrupulously and flagrantly vio-
lated the laws of the State of Arkansas and
of the Congress of the United States, and ex-
plains why he totally disregarded his sworn
duty as the Governor of the State of Arkansas.
This evidence shows that he willfully and delib-
erately, and in a most gross and criminal man-
ner, violated the right of the people of the
State over which he had been called to pre-
side as Governor in order to promote his own
interest, in the gratification of his vaulting am-
bition. It shows how this Governor, chosen
by the suffrages of a too confiding people, has
been faithless to the trust reposed in him;
who, instead of protecting the people in their
rights, has aimed a deadly blow at the very
source of their liberties by destroying the
ballot, in substituting his own will for the will
of the people. • i. t
It appears this man became drunk with the
almost unlimited patronage given him as Gov-
ernor by unwise provisions of the constitution
of our State, and became so accustomed to
its exercise, even beyond the authority given
him in the appointment of persons to official
positions, that he even dared to and has
appointed a member to the Congress of the
United States. Almost half the Forty-Second
Congress has passed,_ and during this whole
time the voice and will of the people of* the
third district of Arkansas have been silent,
have been suppressed, and the voice and will
of the Governor has been by his usurpation
substituted.
42d Cong, 2d Skss.—No. 3.
The printed evidence abounds in proof of
the Governor's determination to defeat my
election to Congress, while he said to John
Ayery (see page 33) that " he intended to go
to the United States Senate in spite of h—1 or
high water." He on many occasions mani-
fested an equal determination to defeat my
election ; and possibly this determination on
his part had something to do in causing him
to act thus corruptly.
Before proceeding further with my remarks
on this point I desire to call attention to the
certificate given the sitting member by the
Governor. It will be observed that the lan-
guage of the certificate is, "that it appears
from the returns made to the office of Secre-
tary of State that," &c., "John Edwards was
duly elected," &c. How does this agree with
the official abstracts of returns on file in the
secretary of State's office as shown by exhibits
B and C, which show my majorityto be 2,133
votes? How is he to reconcile this certificate
with the showing made by the duly authentic-
ated transcripts of the returns of all the coun-
ties of the district, which are found in the
printed evidence in this case, on pages 157
to 108, inclusive, which returns likewise give
me a majority of 2,133 votes? How is he to
reconcile this certificate with the evidence
of Hon. E. J. T. White, secretary of State,
when he testifies that " it was not issued upon
any determination or canvass made by liim?''
(See page 9 printed papers.)
Mr. Speaker, the truth is, this certificate is a
base fraud, certifying to a falsehood; and it is
difficult to understand how the Governor could
be otherwise than aware of its false and fraud-
ulent nature at the time he issued it, when we
remember the vote was cast up and arranged
iu his presence, was counted in his presence.
Certainly there was no haste on his part that
would allow of such an oversight, since he
was about three months in getting up this cer-
tificate.
supreme court opixiox.
The sitting member has presented what pur-
ports to be a copy of an opinion of the supreme
court of the State of Arkansas on a petition of
certain candidates for seats in the Arkansas
Legislature, asking that a mandamus issue
against the clerk of the county of Pulaski, com-
pelling him to certify certain returns which
they alleged had not been sent up to the
secretary of State by said clerk. Of course
these papers were not admitted as evidence;
but even if they had been admitted as com-
petent evidence, they would have done him no
good in this contest, for, instead of making a
majority for him, they decide that all the
returns made were legal and properly included
in the count, and were properly returned by
the clerk to the secretary of State, except in
three voting precincts5 being the first and third
wards of the city of Little Rock, and Eagle
township. The court declared that the returns
first made from these voting places were ille-
gally included in the returns so made at first
by the county clerk, and that they should be
substituted by the statement of votes subse-
quently returned; which votes, as the clerk
shows, were received by outside judges, ana
not on the poll-book made out by the CieM
for the judges of the election. And by way
of explanation as I go along, I will remark
right here that this decision was made and
opinion given by the court under very sus-
picious circumstances, to say the least. It was
made on the ex parte showing of the petition
of the petitioners above mentioned. It was
another of the schemes devised for filling up
the Legislature with partisans of the Governor
in aid of his canvass for the Senate ot the
United States. No facts were brought belore
the court, nor would the court suffer the clerk
to present any evidence. If proof had been
admitted, and the court had not predetermined
the case, a different decision would have been
the result; for the proof taken in my case
here, as to the legality and regularity of the
elections in these three voting places shows
beyond a doubt that they were not only legal,
but regular, free, and fair. The elections held
at other precincts, which had been assailed by
the sitting member, were expressly declared
by this court to be legally held and properly
counted. By making the deductions ordered
by the court, and substituting the returns by
them ordered to be substituted, it will be seen
that I am still left with a majority of 862 votes
in the district. Thus it will appear that the
evidence, or papers he attempted to introduce
as evidence, decides against his right to the
seat in Congress.
" mali.ory report."
The sitting member attempted to introduce
in evidence certain records and files of the
Legislature of the State of Arkansas, his pur-
pose being to bring before the committee and
the House a certain pretended report to the
senate of that State, commonly known as the
" Mallory report." This document purports
to be a report made by a joint committee
of investigation concerning certain alleged
frauds and irregularities perpetrated at certain
assailed precincts in Pulaski county, named
first, second, third, fourth wards of the city
of Little Rock, and Ashley, Gray, Eagle, East-
man, Big Rock, Badgett, Campbell, and Pycatt
townships, and is accompanied by what is
claimed to be the evidence ou which it is based.
While the records and files of the senate of
Arkansas might be competent evidence of the
official acts of that branch of the State Legis-
lature in a contest where such evidence should
be material, they are, for obvious reasons, not
competent evidence in this contest of the truth
of any of the statements contained in said
report, or in the pretended testimony accom-
panying the same. Ta exclude the possibility
that said report might prejudice this case, I
have not only introduced the testimony of wit-
nesses to prove that said report was devised an
n fraudulent pretext for issuing the proclama-
tion and certificate in favor of the sitting mem.
ber, but have also proved by the witness, Hon-
T. W. Ham, (62,) a member of the so-called
"Mallory committee," that that committee
held only five meetings, at four of which the
witness was present; that three other meetings
were called by the chairman, but were attended
by no member of the committee except the
witness himself; that the session continued in
no case longer than half an hour ; that at three
of the meetings no witnesses were examined
at all; and that at the fourth meeting only one
witness, J. V. Fitch, was examined; so that the
pretended testimony attached to the " Mallory
report," and covering (exclusive of Fitch's)
forty-eight printed pages, was never taken by
the committee at ail, unless taken at a single
session, which was, of course, an impossibil-
ity. I have further shown by the same witness
that the " Mallory report" was concocted by
Mallory and Cohen, members of the commit-
tee, and Upham, its clerk, who, having been
elected a member of the common council oi
Little Rock at the same election, was person-
ally interested iu the investigation, and unfit
to serve as clerk; that these men refused to
take the testimony of witnesses who were
acquainted with the facts and ready to testily ,
that the pretended report and testimony were
not submitted to the other members of the
committee before their presentation to the sen-
ate; that it was currently reported and gener-
ally believed in the Legislature, and m the
community, that the "Mallory report was
designed to afford the Governor a pretext tor
issuing the certificate to the sitting member,
