1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2773
Mr. FBELINGHUYSEN. It is to add to
that part of the amendment which has been
incorporated upon the motion of the Senator
from Mississippi.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it will
have to be reserved, and the question will first
be taken 011 the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, which is to strike out the last clause
of the original amendment, "nor without
special appropriation therefor thereafter to be
made by Congress," upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BLAIR. I am paired on all questions
in regard to this amendment with the Senator
from Wisconsin. Mr. Carpenter.
Mr. CONKLING. Iam against the motion
to strike out. I presume the Senator from
Ohio, Mr. Thukman, would be in favor of it,
and I think it may be covered by the pair I
have with him. Therefore I do not vote.
Mr. BORE MAN. My colleague, Mr. Davis,
and myself are paired, as I stated awhile ago,
on everything in relation to this amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On all these questions I
am paired with the Senator from South Caro-
lina, Mr. Sawyer. The Senate is undoubtedly
aware which way each of us would vote.
Mr. OSBORN. On all questions relating
to this matter I am paired with the Senator
from New Jersey, Mr. Stockton.
Mr. PATTERSON. I am paired with the
Senator from Delaware, Mr. Saulsbury, on
all this class of questions.
The result was announced—yeas 27, nays
17 ; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard. Casserly, Cole.
Cooper, Ferry of Connecticut, Goldthwaite, Hamil-
ton of Maryland. Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Hill,
Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Pratt, Ransom, Kice, Schurz,
Scott, Sherman. Stevenson* Stewart, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Vipkers, West, and Wilson—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Chandler, Corbett, Frelinghuysen. Gilbert,
Hamlin, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sumner, Windom, and
Wright—17.
ABSENT —Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Brownlow,
Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Conkling, Cragin,
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Ed-
munds, Fcuton, Ferry ot Michigan. Flanagan, Hitch-
cock, Howe, Johnston, Kellogg, Norwood, Nye, Os-
born, Patterson, Pool, Robertson, Saulsbury, Saw-
yer, Spencer, Sprague, Stockton, and Thurman—30.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FBELINGHUYSEN. I now move to
amend the amendment by inserting at the end
of the section the words "in which it has
been'found as a fact that the claimant has not
given aid or comfort to the rebellion;" so that
if amended the proviso will read:
Provided, That the provisions of this section shall
not apply to or embrace judgments heretofore ren-
dered by the Court of Claims in which it has been
found as a fact that the claimant has not given aid
or oomfort to the rebellion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest the insertion
of the words "proven"—"proven fact," or
''fact, proved "
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Very well.
Mr. ALCORN. If this amendment to the
amendment which I had the honor to offer
should be adopted, it destroys the purpose
which I had in proposing the amendment. I
offered that amendment for the purpose of
relieving the Senate from the necessity of un-
dertaking to legislate upon a,judgment already
obtained by a litigant under a law of Congress.
Congress passed a law referring cases of a cer-
tain character to the Court of Claims. Sen-
ators have their views with regard to what the
intention of Congress was; but the Supreme
Court of the United States, that power having
jurisdiction of the case, an independent de-
partment of this Government, and to whom
the framers of the Constitution saw proper to
refer questions of this sort, the law depart-
ment of this nation, have construed the act of
Congress in connecticu with the proclamations
of the President of t!,e United Slates, and so
construing it, effect has been given to thatcon-
Btruetion by a judgment in the Court of Claims.
Congress observing that the Supreme Court
have not construed the law as some gentlemen
suppose they ought to have construed it—gen-
tlemen who make speeches here for the pur-
pose of correcting the judgment of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, which per-
haps had better have been made before the
court when the case was pending in that tri-
bunal; but that is a question for themselves—
comes in and attempts to legislate in the nature
of an ex post facto law upon a judgment ren-
dered by the Supreme Court or by the Court of
Claims.
Sir, in what condition does the amendment
now proposed to the amendment place one of
these parties? Remember, when these cases
came before the Court of Claims, afier the de-
cision of the Supreme Court of the United States
upon the question of loyalty, the Court of Claims
governed as they were by the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States, refused to
heat-proof upon that subject; and it is pre-
sumable, I will here remark, that in each and
every one of these cases the proof of loyalty
could have been made by the party applying,
for each and every case Sled belore that court
was filed with a knowledge of the law of Con-
gress, with the popular idea with regard to the
construction of that law of Congress, with a
knowledge of the fact that the claimant would
have to make proof with regard to his loyalty.
But after the decision of the Supreme Court
on that subject the Court of Claims failed to
hear or refused to hear proof on that subject,
because they said, " Why enter upon proof with
regard to your loyalty, when the higher court
have said it is not necessary?" Then the claim-
ant failed to make proof of loyalty. Why?
Because the highest tribunal in this land, the
court of last resort, the court which has the
power under the Constitution to render a de-
cision upon the acts of Congress, and whose
decisions upon those acts are final, decided that
it was not necessary that he should make that
proof, and the judgment was so rendered.
Now you say by the amendment to the
amendment, that unless the proof shows that
the party was loyal, although the claimant was
not heard upon that question, although the
claimant was not required to come forward
and make proof of that fact, although the
Court of Claims itself said to him, " You need
not make proof upon the question of your
loyalty,'' the judgment shall not be carried out.
The effect of the proviso that I have offered
is to leave those judgments that have been
rendered under the law as interpreted and
construed by the Supreme Court of the United
States to stand.
When Congress find that the courts have
rendered a construction not in conformity with
their view of the justice or equity of the ease,
it is entirely competent for Congress to come
forward and change the law ; but it is not com-
petent for Congress to go forward and under-
take to break the judgment or to change the
judgment, or the manner of giving it under a
law that they have passed. That law has been
passed by Congress. The case has been adju-
dicated. Whether properly or improperly,
nevertheless, in the court of last resort, it has
been adjudicated. I propose that lhat adjudi-
cation shall stand; that Congress shall not
undertake to legislate in the nature of an ex
post facto law in order to defeat a claimant
who went forward under the law of Congress
and conformed himself to the ruling of the
court and obtained a judgment of the Court
of Claims. I propose to leave it just there.
Now, if it is the pleasure of Congress to
legislate with regard to those who are to come
hereafter, whose cases are to comeforward for
adjudication subsequent to this time, the claim-
ant, being apprised of the will of the nation
expressed in the law of Congress, can simply
make the proof now required. He is advised
of the fact. But in truth it would be a fraud
upon the claimant in one of these cases if,
after having gone into the courts ot the coun
try, he yielded himself to the decision of the
courts upon the questions of evidence, and
prosecuted his claim to a judgment., you should
now demand of him that he should do—what?
That he should do just what it is impossible
for him to do.
Suppose he goes back to the court. What
right has he to go back to the court to have
his case reopened ? In what form will his
petition be drawn? His petition must set
forth the fact, " Since the rendition of my
judgment, since the law of Congress under
which I obtained my judgment, the Congress
of the United States has passed a law declar-
ing that I shall not have the benefit of the
judgment that I obtained under the law
and then he must ask the court to reopen the
case in order that he may make other and dif-
ferent proof now required, absolutely requir-
ing proof to be made which he was informed
at the time his case was pending was not
necessary to be made.
Will Congress do this thing? Will the Sen-
ate demand of a claimant that he shall thus be
thwarted in his purpose? The courts have
construed the law of Congress. The liiigant
has conformed himself to that construction,
and he has made just such proof as the court
said was necessary to establish a case, and the
court refused to hear proof on an immaterial
issue because the court said, " It is not neces-
sary ; the Supreme Court has said that you
need not establish loyalty." The party was
there ready to etablish his loyalty—I suppose
a case—but the court say, '■ We will not hear
you in your voluminous proof going to show
your loyalty; that point is taken, under the
decision of the Supreme Court, to be imma-
terial ; prove now the fact that the property
taken was yours and prove the fact that the
property has been sold and the money is now
in the Treasury; those are the points that it
is necessary for you to establish. The claim-
ant has established those points. He has
obtained a judgment. That judgment has been
recognized by the highest tribunal of the land.
Although you may think it erroneous, although
in your opinion it may have been contrary to
the will of Congress, nevertheless it is the
judgment rendered upon the law of the case
at the time the case was being litigated, and
the claimant is entitled to the benefit of that
judgment. Leave him just where he is, and
legislate for those who are to obtain their
judgments hereafter. That we have a right
to do, and no one can complain of that; but
the litigant has the right to complain if this
Congress, in order to defeat him in the collec-
tion of his judgment, passes a law here in the
nature of an ex post facto law, declaring that
when he has conformed to all that was required
of him, and the court has adjudicated his case
and judgment has been rendered, he shall not
have the benefit of that judgment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from New Jersey.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
from New Jersey to insert the word "proven"
before the word "fact," in that amendment.
I understood him to accept that suggestion
before.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I accept that
modification, and will insert the word " pro-
ven " before the word " fact."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
to the amendment will be modified by the
insertion of the word suggested.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the judg-
ments of the Supreme Court of the United
S'ates have been discussed here, and, if I may
use the phrase, rather roughly discussed by the
honorable Senator from Indiana and others,
who seem to give them little weight. As I
understand, the proposition is made that
whenever a judgment of the Supreme Court
has been made upon an act of Congress which
results in any way in defeating the will or the
peculiar views of the majority, they feel that
it is their right, their duty, and, to use the
