982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
hoars of the session, and then we were driven
night, and day to get through with what ought
to have been accomplished early in the session.
I shall myself vote with the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations for the consid-
eration of the appropriation bills.
Mr. EDMONDS. I am very much sur-
prised at the observations of my friend from
Illinois as to the best way to do business here.
He now says the true policy is when you once
take hold of a thing in its order to stick to it.
It is> within two years that we had a rule that
provided for that very thing, and my honor-
able friend was the leader of the opposition to
it that broke it down. We had a rule within
two years by which when a thing was taken
up, instead of waiting between the introduc-
tion of bills, &c., until one o'clock came, we
would go right on with the unfinished business
and dispose of it; instead of having breaks, a
rale which, if gentlemen would have been
patient a little while, would have worked
admirably. My honorable friend from Illinois
broke it down. He wanted exactly the state
of things we have now, unless he has changed
his mind. He wanted to have this interregnum
to play with business in, to get one's weapons
of regular warfare sharpened up, I suppose,
by a little preliminary debate on other topics
before we took up the serious business of the
day. Now he changes his ground and wishes
to go on with one thing at a time. If we
could have a rule which would enable us to go
on with one thing at a time it would bo advan-
tageous ; but as we have not, and as it is in the
interest of the highest economy, such as my
friend supposes himself to be in favor of, that
of all the biils this body passes the appropria-
tion bills should be brought in earliest and
receive the most careful attention, that we
should go on with each one of them as fast as
we get them, because they are made up of
innumerable details, and it is necessary to
know how much the necessities of the Gov-
ernment are before we can provide from the
Committees. on Finance, Commerce, and so
011, the necessary sums of money to carry on
the Government, the appropriation bills ought
to precede 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont will pause for a moment. The Sec-
retary will lead the second rule. The Chair
has asked Senators to observe it. He will now
ask the Secretary to read it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"2. No Senator shall speak to another, or other-
wise interrupt the business of tho Senate, or read a
newspaper, while the Journals or public papers are
being read, or when any Senator is speaking in any
debate."
The "V ICE PRESIDENT. There is so much
loud conversation in the Chamber that the
Chair hears it, and it must interrupt the Sen-
ator on the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS, I hope the Chair will
always enforce the rule, but I must apologize
for honorable Senators speaking when I am on
the floor, because neither the topic I am on
nor the person speaking is interesting. I think
Senators ought to be excused this time; but
any other time I shall stand by the Chair. So
1 beg gentlemen to go on with their occupa-
tions, which are more important to them than
whether they will consider an appropriation
biii. _ How it may be to their constituents is
possibly another question.
I repeat, there is no bill which ought to be
considered before an appropriation bill when
it can be got ready. The House of Represent-
atives, I am glad to say, have adopted that
plan and got the appropriation biils 011 foot at
the very earliest point of time possible in the
session.
Mr. CONKLING. How many have they
passed?
Mr. EDMUNDS. They have passed three,
and we have passed one of the three; this is
the second, and the committee are engaged on
the third. 1 repeat, every gentleman must see
it is in the best interest of purification and
economy and reform that we should examine
the items expenditure. Let my honorable
friend from Illinois bring his powerful mind
and the minds of his associates 011 the subject
of reform—as they seem to think they are the
only reformers—down upon these items of
expenditure. There is the spot where the
Government is to be saved. Let us look into
these appropriation bills in the most scrutin-
izing way, item by item, day by day, detail
after detail, until everybody understands them
and will be able to stand by the committee or
do better than the committee has done in
reducing the expenditures of the Government.
That must take time. The time to do it is
now before you have all those bills piled up
upon you when nobody can understand any
one of them.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I should like to know
what is the motion that is before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the motion
of the Senator from California, to postpone the
consideration of the customs service bill for
the purpose of taking up the legislative, exec
utive. and judicial appropriation bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope that motion
will not prevail. The honorable Senator from
Vermont said let us take up the appropriation
bill for the purpose of giving it that serious
attention which it deserves, I think we can
examine it more carefully at our desks or in
our committee-rooms than after it is taken up,
and then we shall have more time to reflect
over it and see the objectionable features in it,
if there be any. But if this motion does not
prevail, I give notice to the'Senate that 1 shall
submit another motion, to take up House bill
No. 1050, for the removal of legal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the third section
of the fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United Slates. I hope, however,
the motion will not be agreed to, and that the
bill now before the Senate will be acted upon,
and after that I give notice I shall move to
take up the House bill to which I have just
referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill of the
Senator from New York is before the Senate,
and the motion is to postpone it.
Mr. FENTON. Jjjr. President, this bill has
had very full and careful consideration in the
Committee on Finance, and I hardly think the
consideration of the subject by the Committee
on Commerce would lead to any different con-
clusions than those which the Committee oil
Finance have reached. The bill to which the
honorable Senator from Michigan, the chair-
man of that committee, refers, Senate bill No.
596, is the draft of a bill by the Secretary of
the Treasury in response to a resolution of the
House of 'Representatives, and was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means of the
House, and it has not only been under the
consideration of the Committee 011 Finance in
preparing this bill finally, but has also been
the subject of consideration by the Secretary
of the Treasury in comparing the two proposi-
tions. The substantial features of the bill to
which the honorable Senator from Michigan
refers are embraced_ in this bill that we have
reported and which is now before the Senate.
Still, as he expresses a desire to consider the
bill as presented by the Committee on Com-
merce, and it is also urged by himself and
others that the member of the Committee on
Commerce who has been on the investigating
committee in New York is absent and will be
here to-morrow or next day, I am not disposed
for myself to press this bill this morning. I
think it ought to have early consideration. No
one could object to an effort being made to
push it forward to-day, as it has been before
the Senate for a long time. However, in view
of the desire expressed by the chairman of the
committee, and as I understood by my col-
league and some others that this should be
delayed for a day or two 
Mr. CONKLING. I have expressed no
such wish, 1 beg to say to my colleague.
Mr. FENTON. No public expression ; I
alluded to some private references 
Mr. CONKLING. Neither public nor pri-
vate.
Mr. FENTON. I am inclined to give way;
but first asking that there may be a general
understanding on the part of the Senate that
when this appropriation bill shall have been
disposed of, the custom-house bill (S. No. 2)
may come before the Senate at once, and be
considered without interference on the part
of other measures.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall certainly object
to any such understanding as that, for I sym-
pathize entirely with the Senator from South
Carolina that it is our duty to proceed at the
earliest moment to the consideration of the
bill for the removal of political disabilities.
There are two bills of that character upon
your table sent here by the House of Repre-
sentatives at the present session of Congiess.
We all know that the bill which we considered
at such length was defeated by riders which
were put upon it not pertinent to the disability
bill, and it is hoped by the friends of the re-
moval of political disabilities, by the friends
of amnesty, which is the name that those bills
have generally gone by, that we may be able
when the next bill comes up to prevent these
amendments being put upon it. If the bill
under consideration is to be postponed, I shall
certainly unite with the Senator from South
Carolina in insisting that we take up the dis-
ability bill, but not the appropriation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a question of
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois will suspend his remarks. The Sena-
tor from Vermont rises to a question of order,
which he will state.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As this may lead to a
good deal of debate, I will not stop my friend,
but 1 rise to a question of order whether debate
on the amnesty bill is in order upon this prop-
osition to dispose of one bill and take up
another when the amnesty matter is not before
the Senate at all. I make the point merely in
the interest of saving time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
postpone the pending bill opens the whole
subject to the very widest debate the Senite
allows, and the Chair has never yet been ad-
vised in regard to any restraint that, he can pL.ce
011 Senators discussing a motion of that kind.
They may themselves see some relation be-
tween their remarks and the motion that the
Chair and other Senators cannot see, and
therefore Senators generally claim the right
to decide for themselves as to whether their
remarks are pertinent to the question before
the Senate. The motion to postpone opyns
thatdebate. Amotion to proceed to the con-
sideration of a bill does not open such a range
of debate ; on the contrary, it is a very narrow
limit of debate ; you cannot debate the bill
proposed to be taken np at all on its merits.
The Chair has repeatedly stated what in his
opinion the meaning of the word " merits" in
that connection was; that it limited debate
very much.
Mr. TRUMBULL. . I suppose it is entirely
competent in considering the question under
consideration, which is tbe customs bill, for
any Senator to make such remarks as he shall
deem pertinent and proper, and there never
yet has been a rule of the Senate to cheek a
Senator in the discussion of a question of this
character, that I am aware of. Now, the
motion before the Senate I suppose is to post-
pone that bill. It is not m order, I under-
stand, to move to postpone one bill and take
up another one. Am I correct?
_ Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is by the practice in this body as well as iu
the House of Commons, and he will now take
occasion, as the question has been asked him
directly on this subject, to answer. The
motion to postpone a bill for the purpose of
taking up and to take up another bill is not
