34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 9,
Ho. of Reps.
Arkansas Gentested Election—Mr. Boles.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
and- that immediately after the adjournment
of the Legislature, both Mallory and Cohen
were appointed to lucrative offices by the Gov-
enor. I also show, by the testimony of T. P.
Johnson, 62 5 S. Holland, 62; G\ W. McDiar-
mid, 61; H. Green, 59; J. L. Hodges, 69 —
whose pretended testimony accompanies the
"Mallory report"—that they never testified
before the committee at all; that two of them,
Green and Hodges, made statements before
the clerk, which he falsely reported. I also
show, by the testimony of J. L. Hodges, 69,
and W. J. Hynes, 68, that a senator attempted
to expose the fraudulent character of the report
when it was presented, but was at once put
down by the chair.
I will now present some few extracts from
the testimony of witnesses, taken subject to
cross-examination, which show the corrupt
and fraudulent nature of this infamous report.
T. J. Johnson, page 62, says:
"I have seen said report, which is printed and
now before me. signed 'Mallory/ X never was be-
fore said committee; never was summoned before
any such committee of the General Assembly of Ark-
ansas, and never gave any evidence before any
such committee. I never saw or knew of such
committee. I have heard such a committee spoken
of. That part of said report which purports to be
my testimony, taken before said committee, is a
fabrication. I never was before any member or
other officer of said committee as a witness."
Samuel Holland, on page 62, says:
"Ilave'seen the printed report signed' Mallory/
which purports to be a report of said senate in refer-
ence to said frauds. I never was before said com-
mittee as a witness, nor before any member or officer
of such a committee, and never gave any evidence
before any such committee or officer thereof. The
statement in said pretended report, that I appeared
before said committee, is a falsehood and a fabrica-
tion. I was never a&ked to appear before said
committee/'
Hon. Thomas W. Ham, a member of this
Mallory committee, on pages G3 and 61, says:
" The report of Mallory was never submitted to
me. Said Mallory was considered the leader for
Clayton and party in the senate. In the house of
representatives, Cohen voted with the Clayton party
on all questions, and was considered one of the
leaders in that interest."   * * * *
" It was currently reported and generally believed
in the Legislature and in the community that the
1 Mallory' report to the senate, referred to by me,
was designed to furnish a pretext to Governor Clay-
ton for him to give the certificate of election to John
Edwards/'
G. W. HcDiarmid, another witness named
in the 11 Mallory report," on page 61, says :
"I have examined said report, signed4 Mallory/
I never appeared before said committee, nor was I
ever summoned to appear before said committee,
nor any other committee of the said General Assem-
bly on that subject. I never gave any such evidence
before said committee as is contained or alleged in
said report.
" And further deponent saith not.  
"Major Harrington, counsel for John Edwards,
contestee, appeared, but waived any cross-examin-
ation of the last two witnesses."
J. L. Hodges, another witness mentioned in
said report, on pages 69 and 70, says:
"I have seen and examined said report; I never
was before said committee or examined by them,
nor any other committee of said Legislature, on said
subject. I never was before any officer of any such
committee, except the clerk of said 'Mallory' com-
mittee, whose name was D. P. Upham. He swore
and examined me in the abscence ot the committee,
and reported my testimony taken by him falsely. I
stated to said Upham, at the time, that what he had
there written down was not my evidence; and I re-
fused to sign or sanction said reported testimony,
and I never did sign or sanction it. I applied to
Mallory, the chairman of said committee, to go be-
fore the said committee and give my deposition
properly, which I never was permitted to do. I
afterward made an affidavit of these statements I
made to Upham and the chairman, Mallory, and
handed it to Senator Caraloff, and he tried to get
said affidavit before the senate of the State, but
failed to have it done. This was when the said
Mallory report was presented to the senate, Sen-
ator Caraloff, also^ at the same time presented other
affidavits of a similar character to mine in the sen-
ate; all of which was denied, and the report was
adopted under the previous question and without
debate. Senator Caraloff was a senator of the State,
from Eenton and Washington counties, and an active
supporter of General John Edwards for Congress in
the election of 1870,'*
Hon. Joseph Brooks, on page 67, says:
"The report asked about was not presented to the
said senate until after the 8th or 10th of February,
1871. I was sworn in as senator from Pulaski ana
White counties on or about the 1st of February, 1871,
and remained in my seat justeightdays; said 'Mal-
lory * report had not been presented until after my
exclusion from the said senate. I had been elected
as a senator from said counties in 1870, by over 1,700
majority, according to the returns made to the office
of the secretary of State. I believe, and it was the
general belief and understanding that the object of
the Mallory report was tor the purpose of furnishing
a pretext and support to Governor Clayton fraud-
ulently to issue a certificate of election to General
Edwards, and for the purpose of excluding from the
said. Legislature Republicans who had been elected
to the Legislature from Pulaski county, but were
opposed to Governor Clayton's election to the
United States Senate. The said Mallory report
was grossly unfair, and a gross misrepresentation
of facts. Republicans, afterrepeated written appli-
cations made to said committee, were denied the
right to appear before that committee and vindi-
cate themselves. They were denied, the right to
introduce witnesses before said committee and have
them examined and their testimony reported. I
am satisfied that the facts and showing would have
been different, and have established a full vindica-
tion, if these witnesses had been called before said
committee, and had been permitted to testify there/'
More evidence might be quoted from the
printed evidence in this case going to confirm
the evidence already adduced, showing the base
and fraudulent character of this most infamous
report.
Since we have taken our evidence, exposing
the character of this report, and among other
things showing that the evidence which they
report as having been taken was in fact never
taken; that it is a base fabrication ; the sitting
member attempts to explain the matter by
saying that if the witnesses did not testify so
before this committee they did somewhere
else, and that the energetic clerk of this com-
mittee found it and made evidence of it. Prob-
ably he means to say they did not swear so in
person, but did so by attorney.
The testimony already read is certainly suf-
ficient to show the origin, nature, and object
of this most extraordinary document. It is
certainly entitled to the credit of being original
and being without a precedent, and most assur-
edly entitles its author to the name he bears,
that of being the " unprecedented senator."
The object of this document was to give the
Governor a pretext forgiving the certificate to
the sitting member, as is abundantly and con-
clusively shown by the evidence just read. Of
course some excuse had to be given by the
Governor for giving the certificate to the sit-
ting member, when it was publicly known that
he was defeated by more than 2,000 majority.
Before closing my remarks on this report,
I wish to remind the House that the testimony
in this ease shows completely, and beyond
question, the regularity, legality, and fairness
of the elections held at each and all of these
assailed precincts, except Gray precinct, and
we introduced no testimony as to that one; if
we had, doubtless we could have proved the
same of that precinct.
This Mallory committee, it will be seen, as
they report, took a scrutinizing view of the
election held in some ten or twelve of the
voting places of the county. They found
some of them, as they were in fact, held by
their favorite judges; others were held in part
by their appointed judges; these were dealt
with lightly in making out their opinion; but
others were found that had been held alone
by judges elected by the people, namely,
Gray, Badgett. Eastman, and Campbell; and
although they were chosen in strict conformity
to law, and although they had performed their
duties faithfully in accordance with law, this
wise, virtuous, and industrious committee saw
fit, in the plenitude of their wisdom, to close
their report as follows:
" Yourcommittee are therefore of opinion that the
elections m those townships (Gray, Badgett, East-
man, and CampbelD'onght to be declared void for
the reasons stated."
They of course concur in the opinion of the
supreme court expressed in relation to the
first and third wards of Little Rock and Eagle
township.
The report embracing the opinion above
recited was made to the senate of Arkansas,
and was, under the whip and spur of the pre-
vious question, (shutting off debate as Arkan-
sians sometimes do,) declared adopted, not-
withstanding several members were on their
feet in their places demanding to be heard iu
opposition to its adoption, and denouncing it
as a fraud, a swindle, and a fabrication.
By its adoption the senate expresses the
opinion of the committee that the elections in
the precincts named " ought to be declared
void." It does not appear from this report
what authority this committee or the Senate
would have to declare these elections void;
not the secretary of State, for the count had
long before that time been made by that offi-
cer, and the time had long since passed for
casting up and arranging the vote as provided
by law. The Governor, it is true, had not
made any proclamation of the result, but the
law does not give him any discretion in the
matter, and therefore he could not have been
expected to declare these elections void. It
may have been intended as a little timely
advice given for the information and guidance
of this House in the determination of this
case.
It will be remembered that in the certificate
given the sitting member by the Governor, it
is stated that it is founded on the returns made
to the secretary of State's office. By-refer-
ence to the Congressional Globe of the 10th of
January, 1872, it will appear that the Gov-
ernor states that he based the certificate on
the opinion of the supreme court, of which I
have spoken, and on this "Mallory report."
Now, since he has, as we say in Arkansas,
•'acknowledged the corn," that he did get his
information from these bodies (which were
mainly creatures of his creation) instead of
from the source provided by law, the secre-
tary of State, let us inquire what is the effect
of these opinions? Let us see-if indeed they
do give the sitting member the majority of
50 votes awarded him by the Governor's
proclamation; and if not, there will not be so
much as a pretext for this violation of the law
on the part of the Governor.
effect of the opinion's of the supreme court
and the 'mallory committkk/' ox the vote ix
pulaski county.
Votes.
The original returns and count made, gave me 3,297
Sitting member  1,166
My majority  2,131
In the opinion of the supreme court, the
first and third wards, Little Bock and Eagle
township, as originally returned, should be de-
clared void, and the statement of votes subse-
quently sent up by the clerk should be sub-
stituted.
Votes.
My majority at these polls was  848
Which, being subtracted from my majority as
shown above, leaves me a majority of  1,283
Majority of votes cast for sitting member ac-
cording to subsequent statement  421
Which, being taken from above, leaves me a
majority of.  862
This is the majority given me by the supreme
court opinion, and in delivering that opinion
the^court expressly decided that all the other
voting precincts assailed had been properly
returned and counted.
The Mallory committee, as before shown, ex-
presses the opinion " that the elections in the
townships of Gray, Badgett, Eastman, and
