1878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
York [Mr. Cox] advises me of the fact now.
and I believe it, though I am told it was not
proceeds of sales, but simply an old appro-
priation not used to that extent.
But. sir. I do not propose to go much farther
into details. In Executive Document No. 337,
for the year 1868, it will be found that the
War Department had a large number of ships
which had been bought in the last year or so
of the war, some of them built on the western
rivers, which had cost $012,000, but which
were sold before the oldest was two years old,
and the aggregate received for them was less
than $140,000. So ships that have cost ihe
Government three or four hundred thousand
dollars, as the tables in that exhibit show,
have been sold for the merest trifle, almost
given away; and we are not told (except in
the form of reports which are thrown aside
without reading) anything about the matter.
We are not only not called upon to inappro-
priate the money, but are snubbed if we
venture to ask what has been done with it.
Truly, the Representatives of the people have
come to be lightly esteemed by the imperious
gentlemen in the Cabinet when such things
can be done.
I might go on showing the abuses in this
direction, but 1 do not propose to consume
further time in doing so. What I have already
stated exhibits the flagrant abuses of the War
Department in this regard ; it is on the subject
of the expenditure of the proceeds, more than
anything else, that that Department is afraid to
have us investigate. The sums obtained in the
two Departments I have looked into somewhat,
from the sales of horses, mules, ships, guns,
clothing, railroads, &c., amount in my opin-
ion to over eighty million dollars, according
to even the feeble tracing which X have been
able to make, and must be over a hundred
millions, I have no doubt, when all the bureaus
are included.
The only pretense that this money has been
paid out legitimately that I have ever heard
of, is that it has been paid out upon claims
against the Department. How is that done?
If gentlemen will look into this matter they
will lind that favorites and retainers, men
hanging around the Departments, have got
from one half to three fourths of the money,
the honest claimants never getting more than
twenty-live or filiy per cent, of their claims.
When a man has filed a claim, however just
it may be, all that need be done, unless ihe
practice of the Department has materially
impioved lately, is for some pimp, spy, or pet
to say, "That claim ought not to pass; the
claimant is disloyal," or make any other ob-
jection that suils his purpose. On almost any
pretext the claim is thrown aside. When the
claimant, who has fully proved his case goes to
the Department he is told, " Objection is
made to your claim." He asks, '• Who makes
the objection ; what is the nature oi the ob-
jection?" The answer is, "Jt is against the
rules of the Department, to tell you." So he
is unable to find out who has objected or
what is the nature of the objection. All he
can discover is that he cannot get his money.
TIip li How who made the objection finds some
stool-pigeon to advise the claimant that he
knows how the difficulty in regaid to the pay-
ment or the claim can be removed. Of course,
under the eiicumstanees, the claimant is ready
to saj, "I will give you one half or three
iourlb-, of the amount if you wilt secure the
pajment of the claim. I cannot get anything;
nor even find out what the obstacle is." An
arrangement of thai kind is made, and the
vuy man perhaps who made the objection
goes to the Department, has the objection
i einoved, and receives one half or three
fourths of the money. Ail over ihe country
.Vet! ft'iil find that this is the history of the
manner m which the proceeds of these sales
have been paid out, so far as they have been
paid our. Yet, when Congress conies to in-
quire what has been done with the money,
we can get no information. We know we
have never reappropriated it. The Depart-
ment says, "All the expenditures we have
been making have been out of the amounts
Congress has given us and charged us with."
When we ask them to explain it to us they
say it costs too much to give the information.
It did not cost too much, however, to spend
the money. The only legitimate excuse they
make is this. Take the last year of the war
for example; of course the appropriation was
large; it was $1,070,000,000 for the War
Department alone. When I say to one of these
gentlemen, " What has become of all the
horses, all the mules, all the wagons, all the
clothing, and all the guns you had," I am told
that they have been all sold. " Why, then, do
you notputthe money intotheTreasury ?" The
answer is, "We have been charged with it
once already; and if it be placed back into
the Treasury, and reappropriated to us, it will
then be a double charge against us for the
same thing."
They turn back to 1865 and say we were
charged with over one thousand million dollars
then, and when we sell $500,000,000 of the
property purchased with the $1,000,000,000,
if that money were to he put back into the
Treasury and reappropriated, to that extent
there would be a double charge against that
Department. But even admittingthat, it does
not relieve the men who have squandered all
of this money from the responsibility which
properly attaches to them in their official posi-
tions; nor are they less guilty of extravagance
or corruption when either exists, because the
money wrongfully used arises from the sale of
public property, than they would be if they
took the money out of the Treasury.
Let us see what there is in this excuse.
Suppose, Mr. Chairman, I had an estate
upon which I was willing to spend $5,000 a
year in having it, ornamented and improved,
I put a man in charge of it five years ago, and
placed $5,000 in his hands, and gave him
$5,000 more in order that he might stock the
place with mules and horses. Very well. I
charge my farm with $10,000. He spends
$5,000 in improving on the place, in orna-
menting it, &c., and $5,000 in the purchase
of stock to graze upon it. My farm is charged
with $10,000. Three years afterward I employ
another man, and I pay him $5,000 a year to
keep it up, and at the end of the year I find
that he has spent that $5,000, and beside has
sold all the stock put there by the former man-
ager, withoutmakingany return ofthe proceeds
to me, and after doing so boasts of his econ-
omy, because my books show, while it cost me
an outlay of $10,000 five years ago, they now
show only an outlay of $5,000 a year to run
the estate.
That is all very true, Mr. Chairman; but, he
has spent not only the $5,000 I gave him, but
has squandered in addition all the proceeds of
the stock, which had cost $5,000 to purchase.
In fact, he lias spent $10,000, although the
books may show he has only drawn from me
$5,000, while the man employed before he
came, although charged upon the books with
$10,000, in reality spent only $5,000. And that,
Mr. Chairman, is precisely the way they answer
us at the War Department, and that is pre-
cisely the way the people of the country have
been deluded by pieteuses of economy by all
the/branches of the present Administration.
They ought to be compelled to tell Congress
what has become of the proceeds ot the
property of the people which they have sold ;
the servant is not above his master, nor the
agent above his principal. I contend that
every official, from the highest to the lowest,
ought to be held to the most rigid respons-
ibility in all matters of public trust, and all
attempts to evade or shun a full, open, and
frank exhibit should be denounced.
The money belongs to the people. It is the
property of the people; it belongs to your con-
stituents and to mine, who are to-day taxed to
death in order to meet the demands of the Gov-
ernment. The War Department have sold
over one hundred million dollars of the public
property, and that money ought to have gone
into the Treasury, there to remain until reap-
propriated by the representatives of the peo-
ple; and yet they have gone on pretending
that they have been carrying on the Depart-
ment without exceeding the appropriations
made by Congress, when in truth and fact
they have been squandering $100,000,000 in
addition, in ways that Congress and the peo-
ple know nothing of.
It will not do, Mr. Chairman, for any man
on either side of this House to allow thejSec-
retary of War, or the Secretary of the Navy,
or the head of any other Department of the
Government to withhold legitimate informa-
tion as to what has become of the money
received from the proceeds of any property.
The people should know what has become of
it. When you tax the people, they should
know what becomes of their money after they
have paid it. If the head of the Department,
or his subordinates are not trustworthy, the
people will require the Administration to fill
their places with other men who are trust-
worthy, or else they will drive out of power
the party which insists upon retaining in office
any such men.
I do not say that the present Secretary of
War or that any of his subordinates have done
wrongful, corrupt acts; but I do say they
have withheld legitimate information which
would enable us to know whether they have
or not, and to enabletus to know what has be-
come of the people's money, and who are to
be held responsible for its being squandered.
I hold that neither the President nor his Sec-
retaries nor any of his subordinates are above
the representatives of the people, and when they
are called upon for legitimate information, prop-
erly and respectfully, on matters vitally affect-
ing the interests of our constituents, it is their
duty to see to it that it shall be promptly given,
no matter what the cost. And whenever it is
withheld, I will endeavor to withhold apero-
priations from ruen who refuse it as the only
means I have of coercing them to do what His
their plain duty to do and to do promptly.
Mr. WHITTHOltNE proceeded to address
the House. [His remarks entire wiil be pub-
lished in the Appendix.] Before concluding
he yielded to
Sir. ELDREDGE, who said: If the gentle-
man from Tennessee will yield to me, 1 will
move that the committee rise, for the pur.-osu
of moving an adjournment.
Mr, DICKEY. I hope not. I hope the
debate will run at least until a quarter to five
o'clock.
^ Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman from
Tennessee will not get through in that time.
Mr. DICKEY. He has only fifteen minutes
more.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope we shall
go on with the discussion.
Mr. ELDREDGE. It is now half past four
o'clock, and there is not a quorum in the
House evidently.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Tennessee has but fifteen minutes more ;
let him go on and finish his speech.
Mr. ELDREDGE. He prefers to make his
speech to-morrow, and I certainly prefer to
hear him to morrow. I insist on my motion.
The question was put on Mr. Ei.DHKDGt's
motion ; and there were—ayes sixty-nine, noes
not counted.
Mi. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I understand
that the gentleman from Tennessee ptefers to
conclude his speech to-morrow, and 1 there-
tore withdraw turther opposition to the motion
of the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. Eldjsedge's motion was agreed to.
Ihe committee accordingly lose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Ra.v-
dall reported that the Committee of the
VVhoie on the state of the Union had,
