•86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
The. VICE PRESIDENT. That has pri-
ority under the rale.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 376) to provide for a building for the use
of the post office, United States circuit and
district courts, and internal revenue offices at
Utica, New York; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the joint
resolution from the House in regard to the pay
of persons in Government employment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Three Senators
are on the floor with morning business, which
has priority unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. RICE. The bill (S. No. 245) amenda-
tory of an act authorizing the construction of a
bridge across the Arkansas river, passed the
Senate last spring, went to the House, and was
returned here with an amendment. I wish to
make a motion that the Senate non-concur in
the amendment of the House, and ask a com-
mittee of conference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will require
unanimous consent at this time, as Senators
have risen with morning business.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to make a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive it.
census deficiency bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I have been directed by
the members of the Committee on Appropria-
tions who are present in the city to report
back the bill (H. R. No. 012) to provide for a
deficiency in the appropriations for the ex-
penses of taking the ninth census of the United
States, and to ask for its immediate consider-
ation. After the bill is taken up, if Senators
desire it, I will make a brief explanation of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to get up the
amnesty bill this morning, and I wish to get it
up without antagonizing it with anything else.
Mr. SAWYER, It will not take three min-
utes to dispose of this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not object if it
does not take time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill to supply deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for taking the ninth census. It
appropriates the following sums: for the pay-
ment of marshals and assistant and deputy
marshals, $298,000; for clerk hire and mis-
cellaneous expenses, $187,000.
Mr. SAWYER. The appropriations already
made 
Mr. TRUMBULL. We do not want any
explanation. Everybody understands the bill,
I think.
Mr. SAWYER. If nobody objects to it, I
do not want to explain it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 106) for the relief of pur-
chasers of lands sold for direct taxes in the
insurrectionary States; and
A bill (H. R. No. 457) to place on the naval
pension-roll the names of the widows and minor
children of Newton H. Adams and John Ruden-
stein.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a resolution, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested, pro-
viding that there be printed for the use of the
Comptroller of the Currency two thousand
copies of his last annual report.
CURRENCY REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. The concurrent resolu-
tion which has just come from the Houso of
Representatives for the printing of additional
copies of the report of the Comptroller of the
Currency is precisely similar to the one which
passed the Senate yesterday. I move, there-
fore, that it be put upon its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, it will be considered as referred to
the Committee on Printing and reported back,
and the question is on concurring in the follow-
ing resolution :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed for the use of the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency two thousand extra copies of his recent report.
The resolution was concurred in.
pension agents.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be in-
structed to inquire whether any additional legisla-
tion is ueedful to provide further guards against
unfaithfulness in the care and disbursement of public
moneys by pension agents.
committee on retrenchment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following
resolution, and ask for its present considera-
tion :
Resolved, That a standing committee of seven, to
be known as the Committee of Investigation and
Retrenchment, be created to investigate and report
on such subjects as maybe committed to it by the
Senate, such committee^ to be elected by the Senate
as other standing committees.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, ifHliis
resolution is to be adopted, creating a stand-
ing committee of the Senate for the purpose
of making investigations to bring about re-
trenchment and correct abuses in the Gov-
ernment, I desire that it should be vested with
the same powers that were conferred on the
joint select committee which formerly existed.
Some objections are made to a joint commit-
tee of the two Houses for this purpose. It
will be remembered that I introduced some
days ago a resolution providing for a joint
Committee on Retrenchment, and now the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island introduces a resolu-
tion for a standing eommittse of the Senate
on retrenchment. My object is to get at the
retrenchment and correct abuses in the Gov-
ernment, and I have no preference as to
whether it be done by a joint select committee
of both Houses or by a standing com-mittee
of the Senate, if one is as thorough as the
other. I will move, therefore, to amend the
resolution of the Senator from Rhode Island
by adding to it the following:
And that said committee be instructed to inquire
into the expenditures in all branches of the service
of the United States, and to report whether any
iiml what offices ought to be abolished; whether any
and what salaries or allowances ought to be reduced;
what are the methods of procuring accountability
in public officers or agents in the care and elisburse-
mentof public moneys; whether moneys have been
paid out illegally; whether any officers or agents,
or other persons, have been or are employed in the
public service without authority of law or unneces-
sarily; and generally how and to what extent the
expenses of the service of the country may and
ought to be curtailed.
And also to consider the expediency of so amend-
ing the laws under which appointments to the pub-
lic service are now made as to provide for with-
drawing the public service from being used as an
instrument of political or party patronage.
That said committee be .authorized to sit during
the recess of Congress, to send for persons and
papers, and to report by bill or otherwise; and that
said committee may appoint a elerk.
Mr. ANTHONY. The amendment which
the Senator from Illinois proposes covers the
ground of subjects which will be referred to
this committee ; but I think it is much better
to_appoint it as we appoint all the other Com-
mittees, and then the Senator from Illinois can
move to refer to this committee the subjects
embraced in his amendment. We have a Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, but in constituting that
committee we do not say that to that commit-
tee shall be referred all subjects relating to the
Navy. We have a Committee on the Judiciary,
but we do not say that to that committee shall
be referred all projects of laws and amend-
ments of laws; and yet we do refer to tin;
Naval Committee all matters relating to the
Navy, and we do refer to the Judiciary Com-
mittee all matters relating to the judiciary ;
and undoubtedly to this committee we should
ref& the very subjects which the Senator has
proposed to refer to it by his amendment. I
should vote to refer those subjects to this com-
mittee immediately after its formation, but I
think it is more parliamentary and orderly,
more in conformity with the usage of the Sen-
ate, to state the name of the committee and
its object, if at all, very generally.
A committee of the Senate is undoubtedly
better than a joint committee for this purpose.
We have now the legal ability of the Senate
divided upon the question whether a witness
can be punished for contempt for refusing to
testify before a joint committee; and one House
of Congress cannot discharge a joint commit-
tee, I suppose, from the consideration of a sub-
ject which has been referred to it. A com-
mittee of the Senate with a corresponding
committee of the House works much more
readily, more handily, and, I think, more effi-
ciently.
Now, if the Senator from Illinois will with-
draw his amendment, and allow the resolution
to pass as it is, and then offer a resolution
referring to this committee the subjects which
he has embraced in his amendment, I shall
cheerfully vote for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I hope
thatin organizing this Committee on Retrench-
ment we shall pursue the ordinary usage of the
Senate. There is one striking difference be-
tween the action of the House of Representa-
tives and of the Senate in the organization of
standing committees. The rules of the Sen-
ate merely provide for the organization of
the committees subject to the future action of
the Senate as to the matters which shall be
referred to them, and without defining their
powers. For instance, we have one general
rule providing for the organization of fifteen
or twenty committees. It provides (hat certain
committees shall be appointed, namely; "a
Committee on Privilegesand Elections, to con-
sist of seven Senators; a Committee on For-
eign Relations, to consist of seven Senators ;
a Committee on Finance, to consist of seven
Senators," and so on. The duties of these
several committees are not defined by our rules,
because they are subject entirely to the will of
the Senate, to be altered and changed from
time to time. On the contrary, by the rules
of the House of Representatives "the duties
of each committee of the House are defined
expressly, and there is a constant controversy
between the committees on the floor of the
House as to their respective duties growing out
of the definition in the rules.
Now, Mr. President, when wo organize a
Committee on Retrenchment, as a matter of
course every one knows what that means. You
cannot make the definition broader than the
word, because the word is known, and no
definition can make it any broader. As to the
power to send for persons and papers, to sum-
mon witnesses, to go about, if necessary, and
take testimony—all these arc powers which
are conferred upon any committee of this body
whenever the committee itself asks for them.
I would not myself, in any case, unless it was
a gross case, where an abuse of power might
result from it, refuse to give these requisite
powers on the request of the committee.
Why not, then, let this committee stand like
all other committees? and if any proposition
is introduced and referred to this committee,
and it sees proper in that particular case to
send for persons and papers, an intimation of
that kind from the committee, or a resolution
of that kind introduced here, would be followed
by the authority being conferred as usual. Why
not pursue the same course in tho organization
