1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1879
according to order, had under considera-
tion the bill (H. R. No. 1541) making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 1873, and had come to
no resolution thereon.
reporting the debates.
On motion of Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 681) to provide for
reporting and printing the debates of Con-
gress was taken up> and the House insisted
upon its amendments disagreed to by the Sen-
ate, and agreed to the conference asked by
the Senate upon the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon.
Mr. KELLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the request of the Senate was agreed
to ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. BECK. 1 desire to say a word only.
I stated in Committee of the Whole that the
Secretary of War had not sent any response to
my resolution. I understand that one bas
come in to-day, and I desire to correct that
statement.
CORRESPONDENCE WITH GENERAL EMORY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of War, in answer to a resolution of the House
of March 8, 1872, in relation to the correspond-
ence between the War Department and General
Emory, commanding the United States military
forces in Louisiana; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
MItS. ANN MARBLE,
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior, in
relation to the claim of Mrs. Ann Marble on
account of depredations alleged to have been
committed by the Cheyenne Indians in 1864;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
GEOLOGICAL SURVEY OF THU TERRITORIES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior, in
relation to an appropriation for the expenses
of continuing the geological survey of the Ter-
ritories of the United States duiing the ensu-
ing year; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
ELECTION CONTEST ROGERS VS. SNYDER.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House additional papers in the
contested-election case of Rogers vs. Snyder,
from the second congressional district of Ark-
ansas ; which were referred to the Committee
of Elections.
LEAVE Oi? ABSENCE.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Twichell until Tuesday next,
and to Mr. Holmax for ten days.
And then, on motion of Mr. GARFIELD,
of Ohio, the House (at four o'clock and twenty-
o'ght minutes p. in.) adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC,
The following petitions, &c., were presented
•under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of Mrs.
Ann JR.. Voorhees, for pension.
By Mr. AVERILT.: The petition of soldiers
and sailors, honorably discharged from the
Army and Navy of the United States, for
equalization of bounties.
By Mr. BEATTY: The petition of B. A.
H, Drake, of Kingston Center, Delaware
county. Ohio, and 69 others, soldiers in the
late war, asking that all honorably discharged
soldiers and heirs of those that are deceased
be allowed $8 33^- per month for the time
served, deducting Government bounty hereto-
fore paid; also, asking for an amendment of
the twenty-fifth section of the act approved
July 15, 1870.
By Mr. COBURN: The petition of 23 sol-
diers of Morgan county, Indiana, asking for a
grant of one hundred and sixty acres of land
to each soldier, without the condition of set-
tlement.
By Mr. CROSSLAND: The petition of
Bishop & Hunt and others, manufacturers, of
Paducah, Kentucky, praying for a uniform
tobacco tax.
By Mr. DARRALL: The petition of citi-
zens of Louisiana, for extension of the provis-
ions of act approved February 28, 1871, enti-
tled " An act to amend the enforcement act,"
to the whole State of Louisiana, in order to
secure to the people a fair and peaceable elec-
tion.
By Mr. HANCOCK; The memorial of
Charles F. Bailey, asking reduction of post-
age on partially printed paper.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of
Harrison Morris, Joseph Ritter, C. S. Mc-
Clelland, Hiram J. Rogers, and 28 others, sol-
diers of the late Union Army and citizens of
Greene county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
passage of a bill allowing $8 33J per month to
every honorably discharged soldier.
By Mr. McCRARY: The petition of F. 0.
Walker, editor of the Bloomfield Democrat,
and E. T. White, editor of the Bloomfield
Republican, of Bloomfield, Iowa, praying the
repeal of all duties on printing type, paper,
ink, and other material, and on the materials
used in their manufacture.
Also, the petition of the cigar-makers of the
first congressional district of Iowa, praying an
[ amendment of the law imposing internal tax
upon cigars and cigar manufacturers.
By Mr. McKEB : The memorial of citizens
of Enterprise, Mississippi, asking a land grant
for the New Orleans and Northeastern rail-
road.
Also, the memorial of the Legislature of the
State of Mississippi, in behalf of a grant of
land to aid iu the construction of the Gulf and
Ship Island railroad.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Susan Wilson, of
Vieksburg, Mississippi, asking payment for
damages done and property taken by the
Union Army.
Also, the petition of William D. Wilson, of
Vieksburg, Mississippi, for payment of claim
as a loyal citizen.
Also, the petition for mail route from Shoo-
bata, Mississippi, to Brookhaven, Mississippi.
Also, the petition for mail route from Bol-
ton, Mississippi, to Brownsville, Mississippi.
Also, the petition of citizens of Washington
county, Mississippi, for mail route from Green-
ville, Mississippi, to Rolling Fork, Mississippi.
By Mr. NIBLACK : The memorial of Eliza-
beth Bates, widow of William Bates, late of
Evansville, Indiana, praying remuneration for
the destruction of her property during the late
war.
By Mr. PRINDLE: The petition of eigar-
makers residing in the nineteenth congres-
sional district of New York, for the repeal or
amendment of section eighty-two of the internal
revenue law, representing that it bears very
hard on the small manufacturer and practical
cigar-maker; that the former find the greatest
difficulty in procuring the bonds, and comply-
ing with the other requirements of the law, and
that great numbers of them are debarred from
practicing their legitimate business as inde-
pendent men.
By Mr. E. H. ROBERTS : The petition of
citizens of Oneida county, New York, against
the reduction of the duties on wool.
By Mr. SLOOUM : The petition of Thomas
Haslam.
By Mr. SPEER, of Georgia; The petitions
of N. H. Woodward, of Butts county; of
Charles W. Thomas, of Fulton county ; and
of John X. Ransom, of Spalding county,
Georgia, asking the removal of their political
disabilities.
By Mr. SWANN: The memorial of Susan
W. Marshall, praying for the passage of an
act placing her name on the pension-rolls.
By Mr. WALDRON; The petition of Mrs.
Alice Dryer, of Detroit, widow of .Major
Hiram Dryer, twenty-second United States
infantry, asking for balance of pay claimed to
be due her husband.
By Mr. WHITBLEY. The memorial of
certain citizens of Georgia, asking that a monu-
ment be erected over the remains of fourteen
thousand Union soldiers who died and are
buried at Andersonville, in the State of
Georgia.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 22, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Eev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. SCOTT. I move to dispense with the
reading of the Journal, for the -purpose of tak-
ing up the bill which I got up One day last
week and which I attempted to get up yester-
day morning. I hope 1 may succeed in getting
it up this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania asks unanimous consent
that the reading of the Journal be dispensed
with, and that the Senate take up the bill,
subject to the morning business, which he had
uuanimous consent to consider some days
since, but which was superseded by remarks
of Senators in the nature of personal explan-
ations. Is there objection?
Mr. CHANDLER. I will ask the Senator
to allow me about a minute for a personal
explanation after he gets up his bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Pennsylvania gave up the morning hour some
days since, when this bill was up by unanimous
consent, to personal explanations, and he now
asks that he may be allowed to take up the bill
to make up for that time.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall not occupy more
than three minutes.
Mr. SCOTT. If the bill is taken up, I will
yield to the morning business and any personal
explanation that will not take time.
Mr. COLE. What is the bill?
Mr. SCOTT. The one whick 1 attempted
to call up yesterday, and which the Senator
desired to examine, aud 1 hope he has exam-
ined it since.
Mr. COLE. I have had but little time to
do so, and it is a bill of very great importance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California objects.
Mr. SCOTT. This is an. important bill, and
as it affects the public interests I will ask that
an early day be fixed for its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless the read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with, the Sec-
retary must proceed with it.
Mr. RAMSEY. If there is no desire to
have the Journal read, 1 move to dispense with
its reading, and ask the Senate to consider the
biil (H. K. No. 1930) relating to proposals
and contracts for transportation of" the mails
and for other purposes. It is very important
that there should be early action on this bill.
It is a bill regulating mail contracts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the reading of the Journal will be
dispensedwith, and the Senator from Minnesota
asks unanimous consent to take up the bill in
regard to straw bids, the Chair understands.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is the proposition.
Mr. CASSERLY. It makes a great deal
of difficulty for uncontested bills from com-
mittees when these arrangements are made,
because it gives a bill which may give rise to
debate the preference over all others.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will say to the Senator
that this bill refers to what may be called
straw bids, -and the lettings will take place
early in April.
