18*72.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Arkansas Contested Election—Mr. Boles.
Ho. of Reps.
Campbell ought to be declared void." If this
be done, the result is as follows:
Votes.
My majority in these townships is  856
Which still leaves me a majority in Pulaski
county of.  6
My majority outside this county   2
My majority in the district   8
It is evident that if the Governor did base
the certificate on the opinions of these self-
constituted boards of canvassers, he has, or
they have, made a mistake in the addition,
and thereby given the sitting member 58 votes
more than he is entitled to, or given me
58 votes less than I am entitled to, even
under these Qpinions; and in doing so gives
a majority of 50 votes to the sitting member
instead of the majority of 8 votes to which it
is evident I am entitled under these opinions.
Doubtless the Govenor may excuse this error
in addition, which it is evident he has made, on
the ground of the hurried manner in which he
pressed this count to a final close; for it will
be borne in mind that he was only about three
months in ascertaining that the sitting member
has a majority of 60 votes; and that is more
than any one else has been able to do in more
than a year's time.
Had the Governor discovered this mistake
before issuing the certificate, and before making
proclamation, he doubtless would have sought
further information from his "Mallory com1
mittee," and doubtless he would have been
promptly furnished whatever information he
desired, and as desired. Had it appeared
necessary to complete the pretext for the Gov-
ernor's action in complying With his part of
the bargain made with Mr. Gantt, this com-
mittee could and would have solemnly given it
as their opinion that Big Rock, Ashley, Pyeatt,
or some other township with a large Repub-
lican majority, "should be declared void."
The tables from which I make the foregoing
calculations of the votes will be found on pages
133, 134, and 135, of the printed evidence in
this case.
EVIDENCE OP THE REGULARITY, LEGALITY, AND PAIR-
NESS OP THE ELECTIONS AT ALL THE ASSAILED PRE-
CINCTS.
The answer of the sitting member to my
notice of contest warned me that he would
introduce in evidence of the alleged frauds in
Pulaska county, not only the records and files
of the Legislature of Arkansas, and the records
and files of the supreme court of that State,
but that he would introduce "other evidence"
in proof of these alleged frauds. Of course I
presumed this other evidence would be the
testimony of living witnesses, and took it for
granted that he would follow up the line of
attack indicated in the "Mallory report,"
which assailed the regularity, legality, _ and
fairness of the elections held at the precincts
therein named. And expecting the sitting
member would fulfill his promise to furnish
the testimony of witnesses in this case, I pre-
pared myself to meet such testimony, by offer-
ing the testimony of witnesses on my own
behalf to negative in advance the sitting mem-
ber's promised testimony, and to show that the
elections ia all of the precincts named were
lawful, regular, and valid, and that none of
them could lawfully be rejected from the can-
vass, and it will be found by reference to the
printed evidence that I have clearly established
the legality, regularity, and fairness of the
elections held at each and all of these pre-
cincts. .
This I establish by the testimony of living
witnesses who were well acquainted with the
facts about which they were called to testify,
and whose credibility is unimpeached and
unimpeachable, and whose intelligence is
evinced by their testimony, all of whom were
subject to the •cross-examination of the sit-
ting member and many of them were cross-
examined by the United States district attor-
ney, who was the sitting member's counsel.
I wili not weary the patience of the House
by speaking of all these different precincts,
but will ask to be indulged while I present one
or two of them as fair illustrations of the man-
ner in which these elections were held. To
understand the testimony respecting the sev-
eral precincts it is necessary to refer to certain
sections of the election laws of the State of
Arkansas, being sections four, seven, and six-
teen of those laws which define the duties of
the judges of elections and the sheriff and
county clerks.
The authors of the " Mallory report" recom-
mend the rejection of the vote from the pre-
cinct of Eagle, and found the recommendation
on the pretended testimony of one E. T. Lind-
say, to be found on pages 66 and 67 of that
report. He is made to swear, among other
things, that ho was one of the three appointed
judges for that precinct; that he reached the
polls a little after eight o'clock in the morning,
the hour prescribed by law for the opening of
the polls; that there were no polls opened
when he and his associate judges opened theirs;
that the elected judges opened their polls at
about the same time, or later.
But the evidence in this case, taken subject
to cross-examination, shows that the judges
were elected after eight o'clock, that being by
law the hour at which judges may be elected
in the absence of the appointed judges; that
they were chosen unanimously by the people;
that no other judges were present; that the
proceedings were fair; that the second ballot-
box was opened at eleven o'clock in the fore-
noon; that J. Steele, one of the appointed
judges, voted at the box of the elected judges,
and openly declared that to be the lawful box;
and that Lindsay himself also declared this to
be the lawful box ; that Steele arrived at half
past eight o'clock in the morning, and Lindsay
at a later hour; that the ofiiccrs of the elected
polls had the regular poll-books; and that all
the proceedings were conducted lawfully and
in good faith.
Jerry Steele, one of the appointed judges
who held the second polls in Eagle township,
which, in connection with Manuel's evidence,
together with the evidence of the two Glas-
coes, (pages 53 and 54,) Bowman, (page 55,)
McClelian, (page 65,) and Armstrong, (page
56,) totally destroy the pretended evidence of
Lindsay as reported by the " Mallory com-
mittee."
The authors of the " Mallory report" also
recommend the rejection of the vote from
Eastman precinct, and give what purports to
be the testimony of witnesses relating thereto.
But the evidence taken in this contest shows
that at twenty-five minutes past eight o'clock
a. nr., according to the watches of three differ-
ent persons then present, B. F. Woods, one
of the appointed judges, took his place at the
polls; that two judges were then unanimously
elected by the people ; that no other appointed
judge was present at the^ time; that
voters were present j that it was nine o clock
before any other appointed judge arrived;
and that the election was conducted regu larly
and in good faith. (G. W. Akins, 34; ii. H.
Pugh, 35.)
The evidence I present is that of Major Pugh,
to be found on pages 35 and 36, who testifies
in relation to the election held m Eastman
township as follows:
"I have heretofore given my deposition in tins
contest here. I was at the polls in Eastman town-
ship part of the day at the election mentioned.
Thomas Boles and John Edwards, parties to this
contest, were voted for for Congress at said election.
Thprp were thrcojudges held said, election. Woods,
WillfaSs and Aitins were the judges. Woods was
appointed by the registration board. I do not re-
member their first names; 1 know the men very
well; have known thomfor two years. E. A. Needles
and Pullen were elected clerks by the judges; James
Rowland acted as sheriff. They were all sworn be-
fore they proceeded to act. The polls were not open
until about twenty-five minutes past eight. Up to
this time but one.of the appointed officers was pres-
ent at the polls, and that was Woods. The other two
judges, Williams and Aikins, were elected at tho
polls by the voters then present, before the voting
commenced, and before the officers were sworn.
The sheriff (Rowland) stated to tho voters that he
had the ballot-boxes and books, which I saw him
have; and he then asked if tho judges were there,
those who had been appointed. Woods answered
that he was one. Rowland then asked again if
there were any others there, and no one responded.
Rowland then stated to the voters that there would
be two judges of election to be elected by the toal
voters present. Some person nominated, I think,
Aikins first; he was voted for and elected unan-
imously; then Williams was elected in the same
manner as the other judge of election. Alter the
officers were all sworn they opened tho polls and
proceeded to hold the election according to law.
Everything was regular, so far as I could see; I never
saw a more quiet cleotion; everybody voted who
desired to vote; all those present; I recognized them
as citizens of the township; I have no doubt that
they were bona fide voters,'those present. To ail
appearances the election was free, fair, and equal:
do not think there was an angry word spoken whilo
I was there. Voters kept coming and going, and
voting during the time I was there; I left the polls
about half past ten o'clock in the morning. Before
I left I should judge there wero 7o votes cast, and 1
met half a dozen squads of six and ten voters each
going down to the polls; I know that there is at least
350 or 360 Republican majority in thetownship, when
it is properly worked up. Iamapractieing lawyer.
This evidence which I have read in relation
to the elections held in Eagle and_ Eastman
townships is only a sample, and a fair sample,
of the evidence of the numerous witnesses who
testify in relation to the elections held in the
assailed precincts; and I maintain that it is
sufficient to overthrow very strong proof in
opposition to it, if the sitting member had
offered any such. He has, however, wholly
failed to present the testimony of any witness
whatever in opposition to the averments made
in my notice of contest, or in support of the
averments made in liis answer. Therefore 1
contend that the fact of the legality, regularity,
and fairness of the elections held at these pre-
cincts is not only established by my testimony,
but is left undisputed save by the reckless
averments of the sitting member.
On the first page of the Mallory report';
great stress is laid on their assertion that it
was the duty of the registrars to make out
copies of the registration lists for the judges
of election, and that there was something very
suspicious in the fact that the clerk of the
county court made out such copies and deliv-
ered them to the sheriff. Can il be possible
that this wise and learned (?) committee was
ignorant of the provisions of the law which
has just been read, making it the imperative
duty of the county clerk to do this very thing?
Or have they willfully made such assertions
for the purpose of misleading others? They
state that the board of registrars furnished
copies to the judges; if so, this accounts foi
there being two sets of registration books for
some of the precincts.
The sitting member lias complained that
men registered in one precinct were permitted
to vote in another ; and especial mention has
been made by him of the deputy sheriffs. J-he
gentleman certainly knows that it was the duty
of the sheriff to have deputies at each of the
voting places, and that it is by lav/ made the
duty of the clerk of the county court to trans-
fer the certificate of registration of any votei
requesting it to be done. This, m part, ac-
counts for the fact that more voted in some of
the precincts than were registered there, but
this is not the main reason olthe excess oi
votes over the registration. That reason i
W1Thus we fmve shown by the clearest of proof
that this committee have not only falsely re-
ported the facts as to the elections at the
