1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
083
known in the eleventh rule, but it is a motion
which has been entertained by every Vice
President daring the last twenty years. The
Chair has examined the Globe, and seen not
only scores but hundreds of cases where the
motion has been entertained by the Presiding
Officer. Where a point is made upon it any
Senator has a right to demand its division;
that is to say, to have the question taken first
on postponement, which opens a wide range
of debate, and then on taking up the other bill,
which does not open a wide but a very nar-
row range of debate. It is rather a remarkable
fact that in 1806 in the British House of Com-
mons, after six hundred years of experience,
the Speaker finally entertained a motion of
this kind from the convenience of the case as
he stated, and it is now tolerated in the House
of Commons. So it has grown up on both
sides of the Atlantic ocean in these different
bodies about in the same way and as a matter
of convenience. Therefore the Chair, follow-
ing the precedents of his predecessors, has
entertained this motion, as they have all en-
tertained similar motions for twenty years past,
except when the point was made ar,d a divis-
ion was demanded to bring it strictly within
the eleventh rule; that is, first to postpone,
and then afterward to proceed to the consid-
eration of the other bill.
Mr. TR U M B U LL. I shall call for that divis-
ion, then, and let the question be taken first
on postponing the present bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is clearly
the right of any Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the bill under con-
sideration should be postponed, then the Sen-
ator from South Carolina having already given
notice of his intention to call up the House
bill lor the removal of political disabilities, I
trust the friends of amnesty, if we have a
majority in the Senate, will stand together
and vote down the motion of the Senator from
California, to proceed to the consideration of
a bill that is not to go into effect tor many
months, and allow us to vote upon this urgent
question of amnesty ; for I regard it as urgent.
1 regard it as a question of peace; I regard it
as a question of good order, and as one of the
measures recommended most earnestly by the
Executive; one of the measures demanded
by the people, which their Representatives
have passed time and again, and I think we
shall be derelict here if we do not act on that
question. I shall ask nothing more than this.
Alter it is settled by a clear majority of this
body fairly obtained, without any entangling
questions, that a majority are opposed to am
nesty, then I shall take up no time in the Sen-
ate in urging it upon its consideration; but
until we have arrived at that point, and I do
not tlntik we have yet reached it, I shall con-
tinue to urge it.
The analysis of the vote the other day shows
that Senators who voted for these amendments
to be put upon an amnesty bill persistently,
after they had got them upon the amnesty bill,
voted against the amnesty bill, amendments
and all; thereby showing that their object was
to kill the measure, and not to pass any partic-
ular amendments, because even when the
amendments were put upon the bill the bill
was still voted down. Of course, the friends
of amnesty hereafter will understand if they
vote for these plausible amendments, the ob-
ject having been made manifest by the votes
we have had, that if the amendments are put
upon the amnesty bill it is with a view to defeat
it, because some Senators vote for the amend-
ments and then vote against the bill. I should
be glad to see the Senate brought to a test on
that subject.
Now, if the bill under consideration is to be
postponed, the customs bill, which I regard as
a very important measure, and one that ought
to have the early consideration of the Senate,
-I trust it will not be postponed for the pur-
pose of taking up the bill indicated by_ the
Senator from California; but that after it is
postponed we shall vote down the motion to
take up the appropriation bill with a view of
taking up the amnesty bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is siuiply on the postponement of the customs
bill, the Senator from Illinois demanding a
division of the question.
Mr. COLE. I only rise for the purpose of
appealing to the Senate to allow a vote to be
taken on these two propositions, which are as
well understood now as they will be if they
shall be debated for half an hour or an hour
longer. The proposition presented by the
Senator from Illinois, I apprehend, is now
clearly understood by the Senate. He pro-
poses to open up the discussion upon amnesty
again, to occupy a month or two more of the
session, before the appropriation bills are to
be considered. If the Senate is willing to
do that after that subject has been discussed
during nearly all the time of the session 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then we are ready to
vote upon it.
Mr. COLE. The Senate, I apprehend, will
understand distinctly what the question is as
well as the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I do not
wish to interfere with the regular order of
business. I should welcome the considera-
tion of the bill in charge of my friend, the
Senator from New York, and 1 think the
Senate ought to proceed with it to day, because
it has been assigned for to day, and really we
ought to follow our rules a little.
But if we do not take up that bill, there is
another bill that I think we should proceed
with, which is the bill for the relief of Chicago.
We adjourned yesterday in the midst of the
discussion of that bill. It is si ill unfinished.
Meanwhile Chicago waits. I do not under-
stand Senators who contemplate passing that
bill interposing any delay. It seems to me we
should act at once.
But if both of those bills are set aside afid
the Senate chooses to proceed again with am-
nesty, I desire it to be understood that there
is something necessarily associated with that
bill which is more important than amnesty.
Sir, the removal of the disabilities of rebels,
which certain Senators seem to have so much at
heart, is nothing compared with the removal
of disabilities of colored citizens counted by
the million. I know I have eaid this often,
but I shall repeat it just as often as the occa-
sion requires. I insist that the Senate shall
take notice that the two discussions must go
on together, side by side, and if my friend
from Illinois insists upon removing the dis-
abilities of rebels, he must encounter others
in this Chamber as pertinacious as himself,
who will insist upon justice to the colored race.
Sir, I will not abandon that question. I know
I am right, and 1 will not sacrifice the duty I
owe to an oppressed people, by giving up the
opportunity which is presented by this effort
in favor of rebels.
1 know the criticism that certain Senators
put forth because I seek to associate Jhese two
measures. Sir, they naturally and legitimately
go together, and I should be unworthy of my
place in this Chamber, unworthy to speak for
the insulted and the absent as I try to speak,
if I was willing ta see their interests jeoparded
by following the policy of certain Senators.
I am asked sometimes, why not move the
civil rights bill and let it pass by a majority
vote through this Chamber? Why not? For
the obvious reason that I have no assurance
that it would ever become a law. At once
Senators would press amnesty, and I should
lose the leverage afforded by that measure.
The bill for equal rights might goto the House
of Representatives; but who can give me as-
surance that it would not be consigned to some
receiving tomb there, from which no under-
taker here could withdraw it? No, sir, the two
measures logically belong together, naturally
they belong together, 'i hen, too, sir, by the
exigency ot the case do they belong together ;
and at this moment only through the attach-
ment of the bill for civil rights to amnesty have
we any assurance that civil rights will prevail.
I therefore give notice that if the measure for
the removal of rebel disabilities is pressed, I
shali encounter it by that other measure which
has on its side justice.
Mr. SAWYER. I wished to ask the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts a question before be
took his seat, but 1 was unwilling to interrupt
him. My question is, why will he not move
to take up the civil rights bill?
Mr. SUMNER. Did the Senator hear me
just now ?
Mr. SAWYER. I did.
Mr SUMNER. The reason I will tell the
Senator in all kindness. The Senator ought
not to ask me that question. The Senator
ought to know it. Let me ask the Senator,
why does he not use his influence to secure
the passage through the House of Representa-
tives of a civil rights bill? Let a civil rights
bill coine to this Chamber from the House of
Representatives, and 1 certainly will be one
who will inove at once to put it on its passage;
but the Senator sees at once that he asks me
to sacrifice the colored race when he makes
any such proposition to me. He smiles. The
Senator from South Carolina, representing the
colored race, smiles.
Mr. SAWYER. I smile, Mr. President,
not from any debire to express my disappro-
bation of the Senator's course, but I smile at
the simplicity which there is in supposing that
it is impossible to pass the civil rights bill in
this Chamber as an independent measure.
I am ready now, have been ready at all times,
to vote to take up the civil righis bill of the
Senator from Massachusetts as an independ-
ent measure, and 1 am ready to pledge myself
never to make a motion to attach to it the
amnesty bill or any proposition for amnesty.
I know, Mr. President, that the amnesty bill
requires a two-thirds vote, and that, the Sen-
ator's bill requires only a nnijoiity vote. I
will not commit what to my conviciion is the
unpardonable absurdity ol linking together
two measures which require such different
votes.
Mr. President, f a^k the. Senator, if he really
has the interests of t he colored peopleat heari,
that he should move heie to-day now to post-
pone the pending and all piior orders for the
purpose of taking up the civil righis bill, and
he will find, unless 1 am very much mistaken,
that there is a majority ot the Senators on this
floor—at any rale it tncre be not a majority, I
shall be found one of a very large minority—to
vote with him to take up that bill at once.
Mr. President, the Senator cannot but be
aware, judging by the vote ihe other day, that
ho has a majority for his bili here if he chooses
to take it up. 1 am satisfied that no amnesty
bill can pass the Senate until the civil rights
bill has passed. How am I satisfied? 1 am
satisfied because, I say, the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, having taken a position on th is floor
that no amnesty bill shall pass unless this has
been done first, has therefore won so much
of viciory as that during the loi g debate
that has taken place here—he has convinced
me that it is impossible to pa^s an amnesty bili
as long as he has the power of speech, ami as
long as he has the power ot obstruction which
he has maniiested in the last few days litre.
He is not satisfied to take his bill and have it
passed by a majoiity in the Senate; but he
desires at the same time to do something else.
Now, I want to have the privilege of voting
for his bill first, as the only practical thing to
be done here. I shall not vote to take up
amnesty until that is disposed of.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, two months
and a half of this session have passed, and we
have done little but scold each other, criiicise
each other, find fault with each other, and
make the world believe, if they believe what
we say, that we are hardly fit to do the busi-
ness for which we were sent here. We are
