1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2775
it was a war simply and solely for one object,
and for one only justifiable object, to reas-
sert the national power and to extend the
authority of the Constitution of the United
States over the territory originally cmbraeed
within its limits. That was its only justifica-
tion before God and man.
Mr. President, something was said here
about this country or this Government being
dragged to the footstool of judicial power ;
and that was held to bean ignominious position
for this Government to occupy. For my own
part, I can conceive nothing prouder, I can
conceive no more dignified position than for
the rulers of a people to submit themselves to
the laws of the people. This is a Government
of laws consisting of three great departments.
When Congress has declared what is its will,
it is not to execute that will. There is another
department for that purpose, the executive ;
and for the purpose of interpreting its will,
there is the third great department, the judi-
ciary, and the independence and the power of
the judiciary are as distinct and should be just
as much conserved as the power of Congress.
I would go as far as I can go understanding^
to assert the full powers of Congress, and I
would go equally far to restrain those powers
when 1 think they attempt in any degree to
invade the just powers of coordinate branches
of the Government. I say the Congress of
the United States can occupy no prouder
position than in obeying the decisions of the
Supreme Court where they point out to them
that the laws of Congress have been in conflict
with that which is the great law for all the
departments, the Constitution of the United
States.
The Supreme Court of the United States
undertook to pass upon this act of Congress.
They were qualified to pass upon it. Their
decisions were of a deliberate and judicial
character, free from the passion we have seen
here, free from the party spirit that has
been invoked and thrown into this debate.
They were the proper tribunals to consider
whether or not these laws did violate the pro-
visions of the Constitution of the United
Slates. They decided distinctly and unani-
mously that point, that the attempt of Congress
to limit the prerogative of pardon had passed
to such an extent as to bring it in conflict with
the provisions of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. The court say:
"It is clear that the Legislature cannot change
the effect of such a pardon any more than the Exec-
utive can change a law."
This was the opinion of the court delivered
in the clearest exercise of its jurisdiction and
its proper powers, delivered in a proper and
self-respecting tone. I say that Congress will
stand in a far more dignified position by yield-
ing to this opinion its ready assent and obedi-
ence than it will by these words of defiance
to the authority of a coordinate branch of this
Government,
Senators may talk of driving their plow-
shares through the Court of Claims and over it.
They may uproot that tribunal, I admit. They
may destroy its jurisdiction, I admit. They
may wipe it, out of existence, I admit, for it was
a creature of law. The law made it, and it
may unmake it. But they cannot drive their
plowshare through the Supreme Court of the
United States. The Supreme Court of the
United States is the equal, within its depart-
■ ment, of the Congress of the United States;
and to pursue the agricultural simile of the
Senator from New York, when he drives or
tries to drive ,his plowshare through the
Supreme Court of the United States, he will
be exceedingly apt to strike a stump that will
wreck him and his plowshare.
Mr. President, if there was any object in
creating the Court of Claims, if there was any
object originally in the founders of this Gov-
ernment creating the Supreme Court of the
United States, it was to have a finality; it was
to reach some time of decision upon a vexed
case. The necessity for this is too plain for
argument. I admit the power and the duty of
Congress to amend the laws of the country
whenever in their wisdom they think there is
need for it. I think there was much in the
remarks of the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana in regard to the constitution of this court,
in the fact that the remedies given are entirely
statutory, that was manifestly just and true.
The only further question which he did not
consider was whether he could under the guise
of classifying suitors in the Court of Claims
create a class of unpardonable offenses. If
that can be done, if you may do that indirectly
which cannot be done directly, then by such
means you will fritter away every power granted
to a coordinate branch of the Government by
some ingenious trick of legislation. I trust
this amendment will not be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to have the
amendment read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be again reported.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment by adding to the proviso the
words:
In which it has been found as a proven fact that
the claimant has not given aid or comfort to the
rebellion.
Mr. BLAIR. I am paired on all questions
connected with this matter with the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter.] I should
vote "nay" on this amendment if I were at
liberty to do so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am paired at this time
with the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Ferry,] who is ill and unable to remain. I
should vote "yea" on all these questions in
favor of protecting this money, and he would
vote " nay."
Mr. CONKLING. I take this occasion to
announce also that I am paired with the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman.] He doubt-
less would vote " nay." I should vote "yea."
Mr. OSBORN. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
Stockton.] He would vote "nay," and I
should vote "yea."
Mr. RICE. On this question I am paired
with the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Sumner.] If he were present he would vote
"yea," and I should vote "nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 18 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony. Buckingham,
Caldwell, Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Cragin, Preling-
huysen, Gilbert, Hamlin, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Scott,
Sherman, Wilson, ATindom, and Wright—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Casserly, Cooper,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly,
Hansom, Sawyei, Stevenson, Trumbull, Vickers,
and West—18.
ABSENT —Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Brownlow,
Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Conkling, Davis of
Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds, Fen-
ton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Flan-
agan, Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Norwood, Nye,
Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Rice, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Scburz, Spencer, Sprague. Stewart, Stockton,
Sumner, Thurman, and Tipton—34.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I submit an amend-
ment to "this bill, to be proposed hereafter,
which I wish to have printed and referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will be made. The question recurs on the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] as amended.
Mr. BAYARD. I offer an amendment to
the amendment, to insert at the end of the
proviso:
That proof of loyalty to the United States, or of
not giving aid and comfort to the rebellion, shall
not be required of any party to a suit in the Court
of Claims when such suit is founded on contract with
the United States entered into since the close of the
rebellion, or arises out of transactions which have
taken place since the close of the rebellion.
I scarcely think there will be an objection
to this amendment. It provides for nothing
as to any contract arising during the condition
of war, but simply applies to claims that have
occurred since the war due to men, such for
instance as mail-carriers. At this time the
carrying of the United States mails is let by
contract to competing bidders, the lowest man
carrying the mail, and therefore it may well
be, and probably it is the case now, that a
great many are employed in the southern
country carrying the mails of the United
States Government who at one time had
borne arms against the Government. Now,
if a cause of action arises to one of these men,
say within the year 1868 and 1869, he would
still, under the language of the act consti-
tuting the Court of Claims, be compelled to
swear that he had never been disloyal to the
Government of the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inter-
rupt the Senator a moment if it will not in-
commode him. The language of the amend-
ment, if I heard it aright, is that this require-
ment shall not apply to contracts made with
the United States since the rebellion, nor to'
transactions giving rise to the claims which
have occurred since the rebellion. Now, I
want to inquire, for example, what becomes
of that part of the existing statute which
applies this test to parties, to assignments,
transfers, contracts, by which these claims have
passed from one hand to another hand, and
perhaps to a third hand. The statute requires
that all those parties shall be those who are
tolerated by the statute in this jurisdiction in
the Court of Claims. But now, says the
amendment of the Senator from Delaware, if
the claim comes out of a transaction since the
rebellion, it does not apply to that. Very
well. Here, then, is some man confessedly
disloyal, confessedly shut out of the Court of
Claims himself by statute, but since the rebel-
lion he has made an assignment to somebody
else, and ipso facto the statute ceases as to
him. Is not that so, I ask the Senator from
Delaware?
Mr. BAYARD. No, I think not.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, I ask for the
reading of just that part of the amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. I think that will explain
itself.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" When such suit is founded on contract with the
United States entered into since the close of the
rebellion, or arises out ot transactions which have
taken place since the close of the rebellion."
Mr. CONKLING. " Or arises out of trans-
actions which have taken place since the close
of the rebellion." Suppose I have become the
assignee of a claim owned, when the rebellion
ceased, by a disloyal assiguor, does not^ the
claim, if I present it in the Court of Claims,
arise out of a transaction since the rebellion ;
and if it does, what becomes of three quarters
of this statute?
Mr. BAYARD. Why, Mr. President, these
transactions are all based upon contracts which
have been made since 
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question about his amendment?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. ''Or arises out of trans-
actions since the war." What is meant by
that ? Is it thereby intended to enlarge the
original jurisdiction of the Court of Claims ?
The act of 1855 creating that court specifies
that the court shall have jurisdiction in cer-
tain cases, and enumerates them, confining it
to causes of action growing out of statutes or
contracts, express or implied, but not giving
an action ia the case of torts. That action
was given by the act of 1863. That language
