3672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mav 21,
in the amendment, and at the proper time I
shall ask for the yeas and nays on the question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe this amendment
of the Senate is subject toamendment. Iraove
to amend it by striking out after the words
"at a compensation not to exceed," these
words, "the rate per voyage now paid under
the existing contracts, and upon the same con-
ditions and limitations as prescribed by exist-
ing acts of Congress in reference thereto, and
the respective contracts made in pursuance
thereof;" and to insert in lieu of the words
stricken out the words "five hundred thou-
sand dollars per annum," I do not propose
by this amendment to interfere with the sub-
sidy of half a million dollars now authorized
by law, but to continue that subsidy. Of
course in this connection it will be necessary
to strike out also the clause, "for the convey-
ance of an additional monthly mail on the said
routeand I include the striking out of those
words as a part of my amendment. The effect
of this amendment will be to leave the section
in a form corresponding substantially with the
existing law.
I think, Mr. Speaker, in view of the very
general discussion already had in the House
upon this subject, that the question is very
well understood. I see no reason why we
should consume further time upon the sub-
ject. I presume the object which I propose
by this amendment would be accomplished
in another way by non-concurring in the
amendment of the Senate. Either course
would continue the law as it now stands, and
would leave this company in the enjoyment
of its present large subsidy—the largest ever
paid by our Government, 1 believe, with one
solitary exception — a subsidy of $500,000
annually for carrying the mail.
Of course every gentleman understands that
this subsidy is not intended as compensation
lor carrying the mail. The mail which is car-
ried to China and Japan, and which ultimately
seeks the islands of the South Pacific ocean,
is principally the English mail which passes
across this continent by way of the Union Pa-
cific railroad, and finds its way to the British
possessions in the South Pacific by way of this
steamship line. As a mail facility this line is
rather for the benefit of Europe than the Uni-
ted States. The subsidy by our Government
is a mere naked subsidy. It is not for the cre-
ation or enlargement of commerce, but simply
W the purpose of changing the currents of
commerce; lor it will be observed (and I call
the attention of gentlemen of California to the
i'ut't) that our exports prior to 1867, when this
subsidy was first granted, were about equal to
what they are now.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. HOLMAN. The giving of this subsidy
of $500,000 has not increased our exports;
its only effect has been to change the currents
of commerce to China and Japan. It has not
increased the revenue of the United States, but
lias merely changed the depot where those
revenues are collected. Our exports have not
by this means been increased to the extent of
a dollar. So that this appropriation cannot
be said to be a movement for the promotion
or enlargement of commerce. It is simply a
naked subsidy for the benefit of the gentlemen
who compose the corporation known as the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company. This House
has heretofore signally declared its unqualified
condemnation of this whole theory of subsi-
dies. I trust we shall adhere to the position
we have already taken, and resist this attempt
to fasten upon the industry of this country the
most odious form of taxation, that by which
subsidies are paid for the benefit of particular
persons at the expense of the general industry
of the country.
Mr. TOWN SEND, of New York. Will the
gentleman permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. IWNSEND, of New York. Did not
the gentleman vote for and advocate an appro-
priation of $500,000 for the improvement of
the Ohio, the Wabash, and other streams flow-
ing through the State of Indiana?
Mr. HOLMAN. I cannot imagine a ques-
tion more remote from the subject now under
consideration. Theimprovementof our chan-
nels of commerce in the United States has
been, I believe, the policy of this Government
from the beginning. I have never heard that
improving our channels of trade for the ben-
efit of the people of the United States, for
the advancement of the general industry of
the country, was a thing to be condemned.
On the contrary, I have always heard it
approved of. It has been the policy of the
Government since the beginning, and I have
not yet understood, and I trust I never shall
understand, that it is the policy of the Gov-
ernment by subsidies to promote a special
interest by which the general industry of the
country is not improved, but which "weigh
directly on the industries of the country and
for the benefit of special and particular inter-
ests. It is this promotion of special interests
at the expense of the general industry that is
most to be condemned.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana whether he ever has voted
or ever would vote to give a subsidy to a special
line of steamboats on the Ohio river?
Mr. HOLMAN. I would, just as readily as
I would for this line of steamships. I think
my friend from Ohio puts the question very
pertinently.
Mr. F1NKELNBURG. Let us have the
amendment read so we may understand it.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] is equivalent to a motion to
non-concur in the amendment of the Senate.
I wish it distinctly understood if his amend-
ment is adopted it will so destroy the amend-
ment of the Senate that it will be of no value
whatever for the purpose of increasing this
service. The object, of course, is not dis-
guised. It would be more frank, perhaps, to
non-concur or to vote against the motion first
in order to concur.
But the gentleman is wrong in his statements
of the effect of the amendment which comes to
us from the Senate. This amendment in no
place says this is to go to any company what-
ever. It does not provide the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company shall have it, or any cor-
poration whatever shall have it; it is to go to
the lowest bidder. There must be some one
out of the whole thirty million of the people
of the United States who will step in and take
it, or at any rate to enable this company to
get it they will have to bid much less than the
subsidy. If it is not too large then it ought
to be appropriated. But the amendment
expressly excludes the idea that it is in favor
of any existing corporation. It is thrown
open to the competition of the public.
Now, sir, the view which says this country
ought to do nothing to foster its foreign com-
merce, that its workshops may languish, that
its markets may become glutted for want of
facilities by which its productions shall be
placed in the,markets of the world, is unstates-
manlike, and will not stand the scrutiny of
the American people. Why, sir, the people
never have objected to any eulightened grant
made by Congress to extend our commerce.
If there is anything which is matter of intense
regret to the American people at the present
day, to the intelligent men of all parties, not
to narrow-chested men, not men whose vision
has never extended beyond their own State
borders, but to the intelligent men of all par-
ties, it is that we have no commerce on the
ocean, that we have been going back in the
years that are past. It is the duty of Congress
to use all legitimate means for the promotion
of our commerce, by which it may reach out
to the East and to the West, and achieve the
peaceful conquest of the world. It is matter
of regret it is not greater than it is, but to
achieve that result we must use the means
which other enlightened nations have used.
If this were a mere experiment there might
be some objection to it, but we have the ex-
perience of other powerful commercial nations.
England pays out this moment $5,000,000,
for the purpose of fostering her foreign com-
merce in subsidies to steamship lines. By
means of compound engines and of improved
machinery in the building of steamships they
are rapidly superseding the clipper ship—the
steam vessel is superseding the wooden vessel.
Steamers are costly. They can only be kept
afloat where trade is created, and in order to
create trade it is necessary subsidy should
be granted. And so England and so France
and so every commercial nation has done.
Now, in the former debate in this House
upon this subject it was stated that if the regis-
try laws for ships could be repealed so that
we could have free ships, there would then be
no necessity for subsidies. But there was no
answer given to the proposition that England,
where there is free trade, where there are free
ships to be bought, and where the cheapest
ships in the world are built, finds it necessary
to subsidize her ocean steamships in large
amounts to keep them upon the ocean and
gain the control of this trade. But gentlemen
said in that debate, and there was no time to
answer them, that England did not subsidize
all the lines which run from her ports; that
in the shadow of the subsidized lines there
were lines which ran without subsidy. And
there, sir, was the best answer to the objec-
tion used to the passage of this proposition or
the adoption of this system ; because by build-
ing up one or two strong lines controlling the
commerce of a foreign country and excluding
other nations therefrom by means like that,
then other lines can grow up and gradually
become self-sustaining.
The policy of subsidizing is not a perpetual
policy. If a man has a certain kind of sick-
ness, it is worth while for him to take quinine
or some other medicine, but no one will rec-
ommend hit# to use it as a regular diet; he
uses it only to overcome the paroxysm of his
disease. And so it is with commerce. Our
commerce is in a sickly state, and we should
use this medicine, which other nations are
using for a similar purpose, to build up strong
lines which can sustain themselves at'ierward
by their own strength without any subsidy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MOttGAN. When this bill was first
introduced the House refused to increase this
subsidy from $500,000 to $1,000,000 for the
steamship line between San Francisco and
Japan. The Senate has amended the House
bill so as to make the subsidy $1,000,000.
I desire to call the attention of the House
to the clause of the Constitution which I am
about to read. The ninth section of the first
article of the Constitution declares that—
" No preference shall be given by any regulation
of commerce or revenue to the ports of one State
over those of another."
It is proposed by this bill to give a prefer-
ence to a portof California, by giving $1,000,'-
000 to a line of steamers running from that
port to Japan, in order to draw commerce to
that port. This is a preference given to the
port of one State by a regulation of commerce,
over the ports of other States.
It is by "a regulation of commerce," for the
bill regulates the number of voyages to be
made, and determines the port in California
from which the steamers are to sail, and to
which they shall return.
The day is near at hand when a great city
will spring up in another Pacific State, at the
terminus of the Northern Pacific railroad,
and who will pretend that giving a subsidy to
a line of steamers which runs to and from San
