1B80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
The VICE PRESIDENT. But if the Sena-
tor objects, the Journal mast be read.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am simply appealing to
him to know whether lie will not withdraw his
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California object to dispensing with
the reading of the Journal?
Mr. CASSERLY. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the further reading of the Journal
will be dispensed with. It is dispensed with.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask consent to make
a personal explanation which will not occupy
more than two or three minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan desires to make a personal
explanation. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, it has
been represented that my colleague and my-
self, in our opposition to the bill for the relief
of the Chicago Tribune, did not fairly repre-
sent the views of our constituents. 1 hold in
my hand four resolutions passed unanimously
by the Legislature of Michigan, every indi-
vidual in both houses having voted for them.
They are in the following words :
"Whereas the lumber interest of the .State of
Michigan is one of very great importance, directly
to a large number of our citizens, and indirectly to
the whole Commonwealth; and whereas there is now
pending before Congress a bill known as 1 the Chi-
cago relief bill,'which discriminates unjustly against
this branch of Miohigan industry; and whereas the
said lumber interest has suffered as seriously by the
late fires, in proportion to the capital invested, as
has the city of Chicago : Therefore,
Jlesolvcd, (the senate concurring,) That our Sen-
ators in Congress be instructed, and our Represent-
atives requested, to ut--e all proper means to prevent,
said Chicago relief bill from becoming a law."
These resolutions passed the house and the
senate of Michigan unanimously. I merely
make this explanation a-s due to my colleague
and myself, to show that we did represent the
views of the State of Michigan, and of the
whole State, in our opposition to the passage
of the bill for the relief of the Chicago Tribune.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As the Territories
have no representative 011 the floor of the Sen-
ate, the Chair has been asked by several hun-
dred women of Utah to present a petition,
which he holds in his hand, which opens as
follows: "We, your petitioners, residents of
the Territory ot' Utah, the mothers, sisters,
and wives of her loyal citizens, appeal to you
in the nanle of justice and humanity not to
withdraw your protection from us. Our sole
dependence is upon you." It is signed by
several hundred women, giving the number of
years they have resided in the Territory.
Mr. HAMLIN. While as a rule I believe
I have almost uniformly opposed the print-
ing of memorials from private individuals, the
condition of aifairs in that Territory, it seems
to me, demands that that rule should be de-
parted from in this instance. The Senate is
familiar with the condition of the laws and
the condition of affairs there. Here is a peti-
tion presented by more than four hundred of
the loyal women of that Territory. They say
that a large majority of the signers have been
residents of Utah and members of the Mor-
mon church for many years, and numbers of
them have a personal and very bitter experi-
ence of the practical workings of polygamy.
My attention has been called to the petition.
The petitioners give a deeply interesting state-
ment of the condition of affairs there, and it
seems to me that the information which they
give us ought not only to be given to the Sen-
ate, but to the world. I move that the peti-
tion be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the petition will be printed and
referred to the Committee on Territories.
_ Mr. KELLOGG presented four petitions of
citizens of Louisiana, praying that the provis-
ions of an act to enforce the rights of citizens
of the United States to vote in the several
States of the Union, and for other purposes,
be extended over that State; which were
referred to the Committee on Privileges and
Elections.
Mr. WILSON presented a resolution of the
Indiana State Temperance Alliance, in favor
of an amendment to the oath of office requir-
ing the person taking it to abstain from all
intoxicating drinks; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SCOTT presented three memorials of
citizens of Pennsylvania, Maryland, and New
York, engaged in the manufacture of earthen-
ware, stoneware, &c., remonstrating against
the proposed reduction of the duty on earthen-
ware and stoneware ; also praying the enact-
ment of a law imposing a specific duty of seven
dollars per ton on all foreign earthenware,
stoneware, clay drain or sewer-pipes, and
chimney-flues, and a duty of nine dollars per
ton on the bends, branches, and other fittings
of such pipes and flues, and a duty of ten dol-
lars per ton on all foreign clay chimney-tops ;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. OSBORN presented a memorial of the
proprietors of the New Orleans, Florida, and
Havana Steamship Company, and the Cham-
ber of Commerce of New Orleans, praying an
appropriation for straightening and deepening
the channel at the port of Cedar Keys, Florida ;
which was referred ts the Committee 011 Com-
merce.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Kansas, late soldiers of the Army of
the United States, praying legislation to give
all soldiers, sailors, and marines who served
honorably and were discharged after such ser-
vice, and their heirs, if deceased, $8 83J per
month for the time served, deducting Govern-
ment bounty heretofore paid; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WINDOM presented seven petitions of
citizens of Minnesota, late soldiers of the Army
of the United States, praying Congress to
pass an act giving to all soldiers, sailors, and
marines who had enlisted in the service of the
United States, $8 33J per month for the entire
time served, deducting all Government bounty
heretofore paid ; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. LOGAN presented a memorial of work-
ers in the Union rolling-mill, citizens of Chi-
cago, Illinois, who remonstrate against a
change^ of the existing tariff laws abating or
abolishing duties upon such articles as are
successfully produced in this country ; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Chicago, Illinois, remonstrating against a
change of the existing tariff laws abating or
abolishing duties upon such articles as are
successfully produced in this country, and for
a repeal of all duties upon tea and coffee;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
^ He also presented the petition of John B.
Tucker, praying to bo allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also_ presented the petition of Thad.
Potter, chief musician of the twenty-fourth
United States infantry, praying that the rank
and title of chief musician in the regular Army
be that of a commissioned officer in the regu-
lar Army: which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
THe also presented the petition of John B.
Nixon, first lieutenant and regimental quarter-
master of the twenty-fourth United States in-
fantry, asking that the rank and title of chief
musician in the regular Army be that of a
commissioned officer in the regular Army, and
that that rank be conferred upon one Thad.
Potter ; which was referred to the Committee ;
on Military Affairs. :
He also presented a petition from grocery j
men of Peoria, Illinois, praying that any law I
repealing the duties upon tea and coffee may I
not take effect until at least ninety days after !
its enactment; which was ordered to lie 011 the
table.
He also presented a petition ot citizens of
Illinois, late officers in the forty-eighth regi-
ment Illinois volunteers, asking that a pension
be granted to the heirs of Joshua C. Maxey,
deceased, from the date of his death: which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of the pub-
lisher of the Ledger, of Clay county, Illinois,
asking that section one hundred and sixty-two
of the postal code bill be so amended that
persons known as regular publishers and deal
ers in newspapers and periodicals may receive
by mail such quantities of either as they may
require in bulk, whether wholly or in part
printed, and pay the postage thereon as re-
ceived at the same rates pro rata as regular
subscribers to publications weighing four
ounces who pay quarterly in advance ; which
was referred to the Committee 011 Post Offices
and Post Roads.
He also presented a letter of W. Reavis,
of Evansville, Indiana, on the subject of boun-
ties, &e. ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee 011 Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Wolff k
Brown, of New York city, praying compensa-
tion for two horses owned by them, which
were pressed into the service of the Govern-
ment by Colonel Thomas Moonlight, com-
mander of the Colorado military district in
1865; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. ALCORN. I present the petition of
R. W. Edmondson, late clerk of the United
States district court of Mississippi, and keeper
of the books and records of th <3 lan'd office at
Pontotoc, Mississippi. He was clerk at the
time of the outbreak of the rebellion, and he
continued clerk of that court up to the period
the rebellion failed. He sets forth the fact
that he removed the books and records of the
land office at Pontotoc from place to place,
and expended very considerable sums of monev
in preserving them. He presents the certifi-
cate of the district judge that the records were
properly kept, and that his accounts are just.
He prays for compensation for services as
keeper of the books and records of the land
office at Pontotoc from April 1, 1861, to June
4, 1866, and for expenses paid for their trans-
portation. I move the reference of the peti-
tion to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented a petition of
a committee of the Board of Trade of the ciu
of Columbia, South Carolina, acking for a
return of the cotton tax; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FENTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of New York, praying that if a law abol-
ishing the duties on tea and coffee be passed
it shall not take effect until at least ninety days
after its enactment, which was ordered to lie
011 the table. •
He also presented the petition of Elizabeth
N. Jackson, praying an extension of letters-
patent granted to her late husband, Timothy
D. Jackson, for a new and useful annunciator
or ben telegraph : which was referred to the
Committee on Patents.
^ Mr. LOGAN presented the petition of R.
5. Brown and others, citizens of the United
States, asking Congress to pass an act facilita-
ting internal commerce by incorporating them
under the name and title of the Grand Inter-
national Division of the Brotherhood of Loco-
motive Engineers ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS presented papers in rela-
tion to the claim of Samuel A. Wilkins; which
were referred to the Committee on Claims.
^E-r" Presen^ed the petition of George
0. higher, late consul at lvanagawa, Japan,
praying to be reimbursed for the loss sustained
oy him by fire of a law library and other valu-
ables in November, 1866 ; which was referred
to the Committee 011 Foreign Relations.
