2776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
i3 somewhat cloudy, and I fear it will be con-
tended that it was intended to enlarge the
jurisdiction of the court to extend it to mat-
ters never contemplated by the original act.
Mr. BAYARD. I can only say to the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana that I should be
exceedingly glad to have the amendment so
amended as to exclude any other conclusion
than that which my plain design was to pro-
duce. I cite this as an illustration: your law
now would require a man who had been car-
rying the mails of the United States faithfully
from 1868 to 1870, and who had been damni-
fied by the default of the United States or its
agents, and who ought to have, and would
have if he lived in the northern States, and
had lived there during the entire war, a right
of action in the Court of Claims to establish
his right to recover compensation for the
damage done him—your law now would com-
pel that man to swear that he had always been
loyal. What would be the result? That if
he may not be pardoned, as Senators now
say, and if the construction of the Supreme
Court shall not prevail, he cannot take the
necessary oath in regard to his having been
loyal during the war, although the transac-
tion in question was one that has been totally
disconnected with the war and all the events
connected with it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then may I ask the Sen-
ator a question right there ?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If that is what the Sen-
ator means and only what he means, 1 shall
be very happy, far one, to join him.
Mr. MORTON. So will I.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If that be the object, why
does he change the language of the statute con-
stituting the Court of Claims and giving it
jurisdiction over contracts, and having got
that in, why does he go on to a further phrase,
"transactions," which includes torts? If he
will strike out all after the word ''contracts,"
so that we shall understand clearly and dis-
tinctly that we are not undertaking to do any-
thing but to give a contractor, a man who has
made a contract with the Government, a status
iu the Court of Claims for contracts made
since the war, I will go with him with pleasure.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 will ouswer the Senator;
my amendment was drawn in the absence of
the statute. There seems to be some suspi-
cion—if I may use the word—on the part of
the honorable Senator that something else was
intended by this amendment; that it was in-
tended in some way to evade the provisions of
the present law or to enlarge them. It had
none but the plain, honest intent of bringing
contracts with the United States since the
close of hostilities outside of the provision
compelling men to swear that they had always
been loyal.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The first part of it covers
that entirely, and follows the language of the
statute.
Mr. BAYARD. I had no idea there would
be any objection to the amendment. I will
examine and see how it can be modified so as
to obviate all objection.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I suggest to the Sen-
ator that he insert the word " express," when
it will apply precisely to the case he points
out, making the amendment read, "cases of
express contract made with the U nited States.''
Unless he does that, there is room for all sorts
of latitude as to what implied assumpsits may
have grown up.
Mr. BAYARD. Does the original act say
that? '
Mr. TRUMBULL. " Express or implied "
is the language of the original act.
Mr. CONKLINGr. If that be so, I should
object to making this amendment at this time
covering what might be held to be an implied
assumpsit, because if somebody should estab-
lish here a right of action which involves a
tort and the claimant has a right to waive the
tort and go on the implied assumpsit, and you
say generally " contracts," I do not know
where that might lead to. The cases which
the Senator puts are those of express con-
tracts. I ask him to confine it to them, and
then I also will vote for it cheerfully.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The construction of the
statute is settled by the Court of Claims and
the Supreme Court. They hold that a con-
tract arising out of a tort, as by conversion of
money, does not fall within the principle of
the old statute. I am willing to leave it on the
word "contracts," without saying "express."
Mr. MORTON. I suggest to the Senator
from Delaware that if his amendment was put
in a form leaving the jurisdiction of the Court
of Claims to be just what it was in the begin-
ning, and what it is now, but providing that
this proof of loyalty should not be required in
any case not growing out of the war, it would
be right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is all that is
needed.
Mr. MORTON. That I think would be
right. 1 think proof of loyalty ought not to
be required in any other cases except those
growing out of the war.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not like that so well
as what the Senator from Delaware proposes.
Mr. MORTON. Any kind of phraseology
that carries out, the idea will do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to be a mere
matter of phraseology. Nobody, I presume, in
the country wishes to deprive a person who
had been engaged iu the rebellion of making
a contract now for the Government either to
carry the mail or perform any other service,
and all would give him the same right in the
courts as anybody else on anything that oc-
curred since. It seems to me that the sugges-
tion ofthe Senator from Indiana, that the proof
of loyalty to the Government should not be
reqnired in reference to any matter not grow-
ing out of or in any way connected with the
war, would perhaps cover it all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should think it would,
and a good deal more.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Sen-
ator from Vermont before not to wish to de-
prive a person of the right to sue in the Court
of Claims who has it now in reference to auy
transactions except those in some way or
other connected with the rebellion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What I said was—and
no man could misunderstand me if he paid
attention—that I was willing to relieve from
proof of loyalty every person who is otherwise
entitled to sue in the Court of Claims in re-
spect to any contract that has been made since
the 1st of June, 1865, which was the time, I
believe, the Supreme Court held the war
ended. That is what I am willing to sav ; but
I am not willing, as my friend is, (though I
will not take time to repeat his language,) to
make a statute which shall authorize a mail
contractor, or a fortification builder, or a post
otfice builder in the city of Charleston, or in
the city of Richmond, or the city of Mont-
gomery, who engaged to carry the" mail or to
build a public building, and who dropped his
contract, there being something due to hiin
then upon the contract, and went into the
rebellion, and put us to the expense of mil-
lions to get back the property that he had
abandoned, to claim that we now owe him a
balance on account for services performed in
that way. If you do you will open the Treas-
ury to millions of claims which depend for
their justice upon the fact that a rebel who has
been devoting five of the best years of his life
to making war upon you instead of completing
his contract, the thing being thrown up by the
war, has some balance that he can make out
before some court as due to him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does not the Senator
think that if it was thrown up by the war it
would be in some way "connected with the
war?"
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me it would.
If the war cut his contract off, it is connected
in a manner with the war, and that would pre-
vent its payment under the proposed phrase-
ology.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no use in
stickling about words. I presume we do not
disagree about the object to be accomplished.
I have no more idea than the Senator from
Vermont of changing the law as it is in ref-
erence to anything that was connected with
the war in auy way; but of course it would
be very unreasonable to say that because a
man who had been engaged in the rebellion
now made a contract with the Government
and had a controversy in reference to the con-
tract which otherwise would allow him to go
into the Court of Claims therefor, he should
not be allowed to go into it now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So say we all.
Mr. CONKLING. I have drawn an amend-
ment which I think will accomplish the whole
purpose of the Senator from Delaware. Before
reading it, I remark one point very properly
made 1 think by the Senator from Indiana and
the Senator from Vermont is, that we do not
wish to enlarge the general jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims. Therefore I propose to use
the word '' cognizable,'' which if Senators will
notice it will preserve exactly I think the pres-
ent jurisdiction as it is and its limits, and the
amendment as I propose to amend it will
read:
That proof of loyalty to the United States or of not
giving aid or comfort to the rebellion, shall not be
required of any party to a suit cognizable by the
Court of Claims fouDdedon an express contract with
the United States entered into since the suppression
of the rebellion.
I adopt the words " since the suppression
of the rebellion," rather than " since the end
of the war," or whatever other language the
amendment originally contained, because that
is the language we have already employed in
the statute, and the date is fixed by a decision
of the Supreme Court. So that, under this
amendment, every party who has entered into
a contract with the United States since the
suppression of the rebellion, which contract
is, by its general jurisdiction, cognizable by
the Court of Claims, will be exempted and
exonerated from the necessity of proving his
loyalty. That is what the Senator from Dela-
ware wants to accomplish.
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator from New York that he narrows the
jurisdiction of the court, because the original
act uses the words " contracts, express or im-
plied." He leaves out the words uor im-
plied."
Mr. CONKLING. I mean to leave them
out, and I will tell the Senator why. Origin-
ally, when the words "express or implied"
were used, these questions had not arisen;
they could not have arisen. Now we are act-
ing in the light of different facts. Take this
case. We have heard an argument this morn-
ing that some of the most grievous cases were
those where property had been taken since
the rebellion was suppressed. That has been
pressed upon us. Now, I will take one of
those cases where since the rebellion was sup-
pressed some man's property has been taken.
What does he do? He says "If I were suing
an individual, I might sue in tort or I mightsue
m assumpsit; I come here and waive the tort,
and I say there is an implied contract between
me and the United States as bailee or custo-
dian or insurer," or in some of those charac-
ters implied by the argument of the honorable
senator from Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] which I
thiuk was a very logical one, I must say, if you
admit its premises. Suppose he says, I oc-
cupied this character and the Government
the one I have described, and I insist that an
implied assumpsit has arisen here. If you put
m the words u express or implied," I see not
