88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 1
the Senate, it will not be worth the paper the
resolution is written on.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
has expressed very clearly 
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for one moment? Another
reason for the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois is, that the committee ought to have
power to sit in the recess.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Ohio who first addressed the Sen-
ate [Mr. Sherman] has clearly shown the
necessity of my amendment. He takes the
ground that he would, on the request of the
committee, give it power to send for persons
and papers, and on the request of the com-
mittee, or of any Senator who should state that
any particular case of abuse existed, he would
vote to refer that case to the committee ; but
is that the object of this committee? The
object of this committee, as I understand it,
and of the old joint committee, which we had
for six years, was to inquire into the abuses
of the Government. The very thing that we
organize this committee for is to inquire into
the expenditures in all branches of the service
of the United States, to inquire whether any
salaries ought to be reduced, to inquire what
are the methods of procuring accountability
in public officers and agents. How are we to
know, how is the Senator from Ohio, or how
am I to know whether accounts are properly
kept or not? Here is a committee who, if
you charge it with that duty, will ascertain.
The Senator from Ohio, the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, has not examined the
accounts in the Treasury Department to know
whether they are behind, to know what the
means of insuring accountability are. He has
not inquired to know whether paymasters'
accounts are behind, to know whether they
have not been settled for years ; but we want
a committee to investigate these things.
Now, take the action of the old joint com-
mittee, which discovered that in the transmis-
sion of goods between California and New
York, each way, great frauds were practiced
upon the Treasury, which discovered very great
abuses in the custom-house at New York. I
have not the information that that committee
had when they came to investigate the matter.
I want to clothe the committee with the power
to make the investigation. The Senator from
Ilhode Island  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois will suspend his remarks. The morn-
ing hour has expired, and the unfinished busi-
ness is before the Senate, upon which, when
last under consideration, the Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Edmunds] was entitled to the door.
It is the resolution of the Senator from New
York [Mr. Conkt.ixg] in regard to the defal-
cation of J. L. Hodge, and the amendment
offered thereto.
Mr. SCOT T. Mr. President  
The VICE PRESIDEMT. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont now yield to the Senator
from Pennsylvania?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe I had the floor.
I was proceeding 
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Ver-
mont hear a statement of the purpose for
which I rose ?
Mr. EDMONDS. Certainly.
Mr. SCOTT. Having yielded to the Sena-
tor from JJew York for the purpose of getting
up this hesitation, I desire, at the earliest
possible moment, to give notice that I wish to
have the resolution then under consideration
disposed of—the resolution in relation to cer-
tain witnesses—and if the Senator will yield
for that purpose I will make amotion to post-
pone the consideration of this resolution for
the purpose of taking that up. If not, I shall
seize the first opportunity to do so.
Mr. CONKLING. Had we not better dis-
pose of this one now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatoi-
from Vermont is entitled to the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I must decline to yield
to anybody now.
Mr. President, I was proceeding the other
day, in reply to my good friend from Illinois,
to show that he was mistaken, from the report
of the Committee on Retrenchment, which
was the text for the sermon that he preached
on the conduct of his brothers and other peo-
ple in this world; but I find oh reading the
New York Tribune of a day or two ago that I
made a pretty heavy failure of it as far as I
had gone, and I am so much discouraged by
that that I am entirely willing to yield now
until I can recuperate from that suggestion
for half an hour or so, and let my friend from
Illinois finish the speeeh he is now making,
reserving, as soon asl can get courage enough,
my right to go on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ If there be no
objection the unfinished business will be in-
formally passed over, and the Senator from
Illinois will-continue his remarks on the busi-
ness pending at the expiration of the morning
hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say to my honor-
able friend from Vermont that I have not any
speech to make. I shall detain the Senate
but a moment. If there was only the differ-
ence which the Senator from Massachusetts
thought between the offering of the amendment
which I have offered now, and waiting until
the committee is formed and then offering it,
I should withdraw it at once and offer it after-
ward. I should be entirely willing to do that
if he were right about it,; but, sir, he is evi-
dently mistaken. There is something more
here than the difference between tweedledum
and tweedledee. The Senator from Rhode
Island tells me he would vote for my proposi-
tion, and ihe Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] gives us notice that he would vote to
give this committee authority to make investi-
gations on the statement of a Senator, or on
the request of the committee he would give
them power to send for persons and papers.
I want to vest this power originally in the
committee, so that they shall have it without
having their attention called to the particular
subject. I cannot express that in better lan-
guage than the Senator's colleague expressed
it. The object which I have in view in the
creation of this committee, is to have a com-
mittee that will itself inquire into these abuses
if they exist, into the manner of keeping
accounts, and try and correct them, without
being moved upon by the Senate. I want this
committee to get the information for the Sen-
ate, and not the Senate to have the informa-
tion and send it to the committee to investi-
gate afterward. There is the difference. It
is very manifest, from what the Senator from
Ohio says, that he does not propose to have
the committee vested with power to send for
persons and papers, vested with power to ex-
amine into those abuses on its own motion,
but it must be done when a particular case is
called to their attention. I think such a com-
mittee as that will amount to nothing.
If we are in earnest, and I trust we all are,
in trying to ascertain whether there are any
abuses in the Government, let us crea'e a com-
mittee with the, power to make that inquiry.
It is no Dew thing to define the powers of a
committee. IheSenatorsayswehavenot done
it in the Senate, but they have done it in the
House of Representatives. When we create a
new committee, as in this instance, there is a
propriety in defining its powers. There may
be no necessity to define the powers of the
Naval Committee of the Senate, or the Com-
mittee on Finance of the Senate ; and why ?
We need not look at the rules to ascertain what
their powers are. They are established by the
practice and usage of the Senate ever since it
had an existence. Much of our business here
is done according to the custom or the prac-
tice that has prevailed m the Senate from time
immemorial; but we have no such custom or
practice m regard to this new committee that
is proposed to be raised, and therefore thr-ro
is a propriety in establishing it. When com-
mittees were first formed, if th« Senator will
look back he will find that their duti-s were
defined; but there is no necessity of defining
the duties of the well-establis-hed committees
of the Senateany more than there is of defining
by the rules the particular duties of the C.erk.
Everybody understands what duties he has
to perform according to the usages of legisla-
tive bodies and the usages of the Senate. If
the Senator from Ohio—I address myself par-
ticularly to him, because the Senator from
Rhode Island did not make this objection—if
the Senator from Ohio means that this com-
mittee should have these powers, what earthly
objection is there to saying so? If he does not
mean that, then the committee is to be shorn
of all its usefulness. If it is to have no power
to initiate proceedings, is not to be undei stood
as a committee formed for the purpose of going
without being moved upon, of its own motion,
to examine as to whether abuses exist, when-
ever and wherever it thinks proper, then it will
be a very useless thing to form such a coram t-
tee; and therefore I must insist upon my mo-
tion to amend the resolution of the Senator
from Rhode Island in the manner which I
have suggested.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Illinois
insists that this committee shall commence
with extraordinary powers not conferred upon
any committee of this body. The Committee on
the Judiciary has a very high standing always
in this body and a great influence; yet the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary cannot send for per-
sons and papers, drag private affairs into pub-
lic light, or do anything of the kind, unless on
a case properly presented it has, by the sanc-
tion of the Senate, special authority to do so.
The Committee on Foreign Relations, which
has charge of all foreign relations, has no
such power. It has no right to inquire into
the private or public conduct of any one unless
it takes the case to the Senate and seeks and
obtains the requisite authority. The Commit-
tee on Finance are compelled to examine into
various branches of your revenue and expend-
iture, and yet we dare not exercise the powers
of investigating into private affairs or public
affairs of individuals without asking of the
Senate special authority to do it. So with
this committee.
Why should a standing committee of this
body now be organized armed with power to
go all over the United States without limit,
without any restriction upon their authority to
examine into persons and papers, to go and
examine the private desks of individuals, to
go and explore the secret recesses of every
man's household? Sir, I am amazed that
such powers should be sought to be conferred
in violation of the ordinary usages of the Sen-
ate unless in a special case for special reasons.
The joint Committee on Retrenchment was
organized in this way, and I may here say to
the Senate that all its important duties (and I
concede that it did a great deal of good) were
performed in pursuance of special authority
from time to time conferred. Under the res-
olution introduced the other day that commit-
tee would have no power to do anything except
to examine into matters relating to retrench-
ment. That was sufficiently pointed out in
debate. The powers specially conferred upou
it during its existence were given from time
to time. My honorable friend from New
Hampshire [Mr. Patterson] himself intro-
duced resolutions referring special subjects to
it. The very subject the Senator alluded to
was specially referred to it—the question of
the " free zone" of Mexico.
Mr._ TRUMBULL. I think, if the Sena-
tor will allow me, he is laboring under a
misapprehension. When the Committee on
Retrenchment was created it was vested with
the very powers which I now propose.
Mr. SHERMAN. Cprtainly. The Com-
mittee on Retrenchment was organized as a
