984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE/
February 13,
living in a time of universal fault-finding and
criticism and accusation, and it is enough to
make a man sick and wish to get out of pub-
lic life to liear what we go through almost
every day. Every man in the Senate knows
that three fourths of this body are in favor of
the amnesty bill. There is not the shadow of
doubt about it. Then I believe that two
thirds of the body are in favor of the civil
rights bill. I have not a doubt of that. That
will be the result when a fair vote can be
obtained.
Now, I hope the Senator from South Caro-
lina who has made this motion will remember
that we have some business to do at this ses-
sion, and I trust that he will not press his
motion to take up the amnesty measure either
to-day or for some days to come. It is cer-
taia to pass at this session of Congress. I
have not the shadow of a doubt on that point;
but we have already seen and experienced a
long debate over the question, and we all
know what the result is. The amnesty bill
that he proposes to take up comes from the
House of Representatives at the present ses-
sion. Here it is as the expression of their
■wish. Now, there has been introduced into
that House a civil rights bill, and if the Sen-
ate will wait a few days I believe that bill will
come from the House here.
Mr. SUMNER. That is practical.
Mr. WILSON. When it is here we shall
have them both, and can act upon them separ-
ately.
Mr. SUMNER. That is it.
Mr. WILSON". Now. I do hope that we
shall try to curb somewhat our impetuous feel-
ings and our disappointments and stop scolding,
if we can, long enough to do the public busi-
ness. Let us wait a few days and see what the fate
of that measure is in the House of Represent-
atives. If it does not pass, then we have got to
take up the question and meet it as we can. If
it does pass, it settles all this difficulty.
Now, why not settle this difficulty? I say
here and I say to the country, if anybody wishes
to hear it. North or South, that I believe on
my conscience and in my judgment that three
fourths of this body to-day is in favor of the
amnesty bill; I believe two thirds of the Senate
is in favor of the civil rights bill introduced by
my colleague, perhaps with some slight modi-
fications to satisfy the Senator from Wisconsin
and the Senators from the Pacific coast, which
can be easily made, and I had rather carry all
our Iriends along together for what is practical
to-day than to undertake to carry a measure
over them. We had better go along together.
We have had to stand together during the last
twelve years and carry half a thing at a time
when many of us wanted the whole. We have
cariied our measures a little at a time by piece-
meal. We have accomplished a mighty work
in that mode of action. We have some years
left, and if we are not here somebody else will
be here, and I hope men quite as good-natured
and courteous to each other as we have proved
ourselves to be this winter.
Mr. FEN TON. Returning, Mr. President,
to tlie question before the Senate, I desire to
repeat that I deem the customs service bill as
one of the most important measures before
Congress, and I am glad to notice that my esti-
mate of it is entertained by so many Senators
and that the desire is so general in the Senate
that it may be acted upon without further delay.
I have no wish to discuss the question, and
hope that the Senate will proceed to a vote,
and that it will result in the customs service
bill being kept before the Senate.
Mr* SUMNER. Mr. President, I do not
desire to prolong the controversy which the
Senator ftom South Carolina [Mr. Sawyer]
alwaysinsists upon fastening upon me. 1 am
sorry; I wish no controversy with anybody,
least of all with the Senator from South Caro-
lina. But he insists : he will have his way. I
cannot prevent it. He likes controversy. He
has not had enough of it yet. When he has
been here longer he will like it less. When he
knows the opinions of his constituents a little
better he will like it less.
The Senator proposes that we should pass
the civil rights bill and then take up amnesty.
The Senator willcontenthimself with a barren
victory. That is the way he represents the
colored race. He will content himself with
what is a mere form, a bill passed through the
Senate. .1 wish a law, and 1 have no assurance
of a law until the bill comes to ns from the
House of Representatives, which we can at
once adopt, or unless by an amendment of the
amnesty bill which has already passed the
House of Representatives. Do I err, sir?
Can I, who have been in this contest so long,
now even under the menace of the Senator
from South Carolina, consent to abandon my
sense of duty? Sir, I will not abandon the
people the Senator represents. They have.a
right to some support on this floor, something
more than a formal support. The Senator
wants the formal victory. I want the law. I
want a law by which their rights shail be made
equal everywhere throughout the land, and I
know that so long as the question of amnesty
is still undecided all of us who are willing to
stand by the colored race have an immense
advantage.
I know, too, that logically and naturally
the two measures ought to go together. I
know that all the best friends of the colored
race throughout the country so regard them.
I have lying before me now an autograph let-
ter from that great citizen and illustiious man
of letters, John G. Whitiier, who has been
devoted to the cause of the African much
longer than the Senator from South Carolina.
He says "amnesty for rebels and a guarantee
of safety for the freedmen should go together."
The Senator from South Carolina says they
should not go together. He has been pushing
amnesty as hard as he could; he has been
ptishingit as if he had no end of rebels behind
him, instead of no end of the colored race.
He has spoken for the rebels; 1 have not
heard him speak for his colored constituents.
Here is another letter from the great chief
of the anti-slavery cause, William Lloyd Gar-
rison. I will not read it all: "It will be a
burning shame if it shall be evaded or post-
poned by the present Congress'''—that is, the
bill for equal rights—"and all the more if the
amnesty bill for the full acquittal of those who
in rebellion sought to destroy the Republic
shall find Senate and House alike tavorable
to its passage. The one measure should be
insisted upon as the equivalent of the other
as to the time of their adoption, if not in regard
to their merits."
The Senator from South Carolina sets him-
self against these great names in the anti-
slavery cause, and has thus far insisted upon
pushing a bill to relieve the rebels foremost
in advance of the measure which I proposed
to remove the disabilities of the colored race.
Now, sir, I wish the Senator would be practi-
cal ; I wish he would stand by his constituents,
reaily sustain them, not in form, not merely
in words, but in votes ; and be must remember
that his vote must be such that it may surely
have a practical result. It will not be enough
merely to vote for a bill in this Chamber which
has never passed the other House, and then
let amnesty go thiough, as Senator Hammond
said, you remember, of secession, "high and
dry;" but he mustvotefor a measure of equal
rights that has already passed the House, or
he must vote to attach equal rights to amnesty.
Mr. SAWYER, The Senator has not only
charged me with being insincere and with
desiring only to vote for a civil rights bill as
a matter of form to obtain a barren victory,
but he has charged me with seeking a contro-
versy with him. I do not think it is necessary
for me to say one word upon the latter point.
I think, to any reasonably intelligent person
who has witnessed the debates in the Senate
for the past few weeks, it is quite obvious
whether the Senator has avoided or sought a
controversy with my humble self on this ques-
tion. I think it is within the memory of the
Senate that only a short time since he turned
distinctly upon me and directed quite a long
speech at uxe when the previous controversy
had been closed. But that is neither here
nor there. While the Senator charges me
with being insincere and desiring to vote for
a civil rights bill merely tor forms' sake and to
gain a victory which will be entirely barren,
be confesses what? That be has detained the
Senate week after week in the consideration
of an amendment to the amnesty bill in the
form of a civil rights bill which he had no
expectation would pass.
Mr. SCJMNER. I beg tho Senator's pardon,
never ; it is a mere piece of imagination.
Mr. SAWYER. He says the passage of this
bill by the Senate is of no account whatever,
that the bill in order to be effective must come
from the House of Representatives ; and yet, I
say again he has for week after week detained
the Senate here in an attempt to pass a bill in
the Senate which had not passed ttie House of
Representatives and which he did not believe
could.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator certainly does
not desire to misrepresent me or to misunder-
stand me.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not know. I think
not, if I know myself.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senatordesira to
misrepresent me?
Mr. SAWYER. Not if I know myself, but
I know some otherg who do not always know
themselves.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is sure that
he knows himself.
Mr. SAWYER. I am sure that I do not
wish to misrepiesent the Senator from Massa-
chusetts if t know myself.
Mr. SUMNER. Well, I do not wish that
the Senator should push me into a contro-
versy, but I am determined that he sha.i not
push me into a position that I have never
occupied, it he had listened to my remarks
a moment ago 
I certainly did.
Then he forgot them when
Mr. SAWYER.
Mr. SUMNER.
he spoke.
Mr. SAWYER.
Mr. SUMNER.
No.
Certainly, because I stated
distinctly that the bill for equal rights must
come from the House to this Chamber, or it
must be attached to the amnesty bili in this
Chamber. Those are the two forms. No.v,
let the Senator understand me; he has mis-
stated my position, not once, or twice, ortluee
times, and I want now to make it so that ho
cannot misstate it, again. I have never for one
moment had a serious doubt that the aiiuifcty
bill with my amendment would have a two-
thirds vote of this Chamber.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator saw that it
did not get it.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I saw that it
did not get it tim ugh the exertions of the Sen-
ator from South Carolina.
Mr. SAWYER. I voted for it.
Mr. SUMNER. Ah 1 The Senator voted
for it. Did the Senator speak for it? Did the
Senator over say one noble, generous word tor
his colored fellow-citizens ? But now I desire
that the Senator shall not misstate my posi-
tion. 1 hat is all I ask of him.
Mr. SAW! ER. _ If it is possible for m<* not
to misstate the position ot the Senator from
Massachusetts, I will avoid it. It, does not
set'm possible for the Senator from Massachu-
setts to understand me. He says 1 have never
said one generous word for his'propostiion. 1
have declared from the iirst to the last, in sea-
son and out of season—for the whole discus-
sion was out of season—thai I was lor his bill
first., last, and always whenever it could pa,-s.
1 told the Senator it could not pass if it was
attached to the amnesty measure. The vote
which was taken on the amnesty measure with
