1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
joint committee. There it is usual to define
the powers of the committee, and so with the
committees of the House of Representatives,
but it is not usual when we establish a perma-
nent standing committee of the Senate, which
is within the power of this body and is to be
continued time on without end. The Com-
mittee on Retrenchment was a mere temporary
committee, which expired at the end of the
session unless renewed, and it had to be re-
newed at every session by a concurrent reso-
lution. It was a temporary exigency, and they
were armed with extraordinary powers for a
temporary purpose, and continued from time
to time. Now the two Houses are taking up
these matters by separate committees, and they
are falling back upon the ordinary usages of
legislative bodies. No committee of the House
of representatives has power of itself to send
for persons and papers ; that power is only
conferred upon it by resolution of the House ;
and yet it, is here proposed to confer upon this
new standing committee extraordinary powers
which no committeeofeither-body Has. There
is .something due to the rights of citizens as
well as to the public service.
There is no practical difficulty in the matter.
If any Senator hears that abuses occur in the
Treasury Department or in the custom-houses,
or in any specific matter, where he has either
public or private information, it is his duty to
make it known here, and in such case there is
no danger but that the requisite power will
be given. Any one of the Senators who are
opposed to the present Administration may rise
in his place any day and say that he is reason-
ably satisfied that such and such a state of af-
fairs, exhibiting either public or private frauds,
exists in any of the public Departments, and
he can ask and demand an investigation, and
nobody in the Senate dare refuse it. It has
been done over and over again. It has been
done in the House of Representatives repeat-
edly, in Democratic times by Republicans and
in Republican times by Democrats. But in
order to allow a committee to exercise these
extraordinary powers, there ought to be a
specific case presented, and they should be
confined to a certain class of abuses. For
instance, the Senator from New York has a
resolution which no doubt will be referred to
this committee, if it be created, directing an
examination into the defalcation of Paymaster
Hodge. There can be no objection to having
this committee authorized to examine all his
papers, all his accounts, everything that would
throw light on his transactions. But would
you, because it is necessary in that ease to arm
the committee with this power, give it a right
to go without limit, without restraint, without
definition, without accusation, without partic-
ulars, all over the United States with these
extraordinary powers'? It seems to me not.
There is a distinct line which ought to be drawn.
I trust, therefore, that the ordinary course
will be pursued in raising this committee. I
would bo the last man, I know, among my
fellow-Senators here to refuse this committee
fall'power in a proper case, or in almost any
specific case where an allegation was made
either against a public officer or against a pub-
lic office, or against any system of law; but I
think we ought not to go beyond what the
occasion demands.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Ohio
has anticipated what I had to say, and said it
so much better than I could say it myself that
I will only refer to a single point.
It seems to me that the difference between
what the Senator from Illinois proposes and
what is proposed in the original resolution, so
far as he desires, is merely a technical one.
It is whether this committee shall be invested
in the beginning with all the powers with which
we can invest it and with which we do invest
other committees from time to time, or whether
it shall stand precisely on the same platform
as all our other standing committees. The
Senator from Ohio farthest from me [Mr.
Thurman] objects because the committee will
not investigate matters of its own motion.
That is a recommendation, in my view. I do
not want a committee to investigate any mat-
ter unless there is sufficient ground for accusa-
tion for it to be referred to them, and when-
ever anything comes to the knowledge of any
member of a committee that ought to be invest-
igated, it is the duty of that Senator to make
a motion in this body referring the matter to
the committee, and it is done continually.
Half the business that is referred to our com-
mittees is referred upon the motion of the
members of the respective committees them-
selves.
I have not forgotten the eloquent remarks
of the Senator from Ohio farthest from me
[Mr. Txiur.man] at the last session, when we
sent a committee to examine into the Ku Klux
outrages. Although at that time there was the
strongest possible provocation, although the
cry from plundered men, from the widows and
orphans of murdered men, filled the whole
country, I recollect that my friend from Ohio
thought it was very doubtful whether we were
not exceeding our just legislative authority, if
not our constitutional authority, in sending
men out to inquire into any case unless we
had the specification and the accusation and
the particulars in advance. Now it is pro-
posed to appoint a committee, which, or any
member of which, may go into any part of
this country, and upon the motion of the com-
mittee, or upon the motion of that member
under authority of the committee, may call
before it any American citizen, may make him
bring to it his books and papers, the records
of his most private transactions, without any
notice to him why he is sent for! I do not
believe it is proper to appoint such a com-
mittee as that. But when this committee is
appointed, if it shall be upon the resolution I
introduced, then if the Senator from Ohio, or
the Senator from Illinois, or any other Sena-
tor shall move to refer to the committee any
subject, any matter which he will say has suffi-
cient cause, has sufficient suspicion to entitle
it to be investigated, there will not be a voice
raised against it in the Senate; certainly mine
never will be.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, when
this subject was before the Senate the other
day, the discussion as to the nature of the
committee to be appointed for this purpose
was very slight indeed. The subject seems
rather to have been opened in a manner
which in old times, when there was any such
difference of parties as amounted to anything,
might have been called the opening of a presi-
dential campaign. If I had been a stranger
here and had not known that the politics of
the country were pretty much all oneway, and
had listened to the speech of an honorable
and respectable gentleman that I did listen to,
I should have said that the presidential cam-
paign was about to be opened in form, and
that that mental malaria which sometimes
obscures the eyes of great men, and of which
they are themselves unconscious, had obscured
the mental vision of the distinguished Senator
who made a speech on that occasion, not
alluding to mvself, so that in seeing the bright-
ness of a distant object he had gone into
what a Massachusetts Senator once called the
"sounding and glittering generalities" of
affairs with a view to open to the eyes of the
American people the fact that we had sud-
denly fallen upon very evil times; that instead
of having improved public affairs after emer-
ging from the war, and after having emerged
from that condition of things which was rather
worse than war in all civil respects—the
period of the administration of Mr. Johnson
—we had been rapidly growing worse and
worse ever since, and that the whole people
wore crying aloud for vengeance upon the
entire body of public officers who were plun-
dering them in every direction and for reform
in a dozen respects that were of course entirely
new, such as reducing taxes and a variety of
other things which no other means of reaching
could be attained than that of reviving a com-
mittee that expired in the last Congress!
But of course, Mr. President, this would be
an entire mistake on the present occasion. I
am sure that no unconscious malady lias
attacked my honorable friend from Illinois.
I am sure that he is looking with an eye single
and an eye clear to the mere details of public
administration. I am sure that he believes,
as I believe, and I am sure that he knows as I
know, (so far as any public man engaged in
affairs can know about large operations.) that
the administration of this Government for the
last three years, in respect to the fidelity of
the whole body of its twenty thousand agents,
leaving out deputy postmasters, will compare
favorably with any administration that ever
preceded it from the days of George Washing-
ton to this day, when you take into consid-
eration the number of persons necessarily
employed in the Government now, compared
to its early days, and the larger amount of the
transactions that they are obliged to perform.
Why, sir, we have had held up to ns, as if
it were a subject for the utmost astonishment,
the fact that out of twenty thousand people
engaged in the administration of executive
affairs—and I believe the number is just about
twenty thousand aside from deputy postmas-
ters—there have been recently discovered
three or four, say half a dozen, if you please,
or say a dozen cases o'f defalcation and pecu-
lation by public servants. Why, sir, there i3
no ground to be horrified at that, unless you
are to be horrified at the statement which is
made every day, that the millennium has not
come. As I said before, the proportion of
failures in fidelity by public agents within the
last three ) ears is less than it has been under
any recent, and I think I am safe in saying,
under any prior Administration ; and ifanybody
will look at the statistics of public affairs, ho
will discover another fact, which I commend
to my honorable friend from Illinois, and that
is, that the proportion of defalcations in the
public service is less than in private employ-
ments—largely less. There have been more
defalcations within the last five years, in pro-
portion to the number of persons employed,
in the banking-houses and in the commercial
houses of this country than in the same num-
ber of persons employed in public trusts. So
that I do not think there is any great occasion
for alarm at this present time, as if we were
on the brink of a tremendous crisis on account
of the misconduct of public affairs discovered
in the instances that have come to our knowl-
edge. The reverse is quite true.
i do not know but that some newspaper will
say to-morrow that I am defending defaulters
when I say this. I beg them to suppose, if it
is necessary to say so, that I am not. In fact,
on the whole, the people that I represent are
opposed to defaulters; we do not tolerate
that sort of men in our State ; and therefore,
being a sufficient politician to like to keep on
the popular side with my people, if for no bet-
ter reason, I am opposed to defaulters, and I
am in favor of such men being punished. I
am in favor of the accounts in the respective
Departments being investigated, and the last
measure of justice applied to the defaulters,
and the best measure of legislation and regu-
lation applied to prevent the recurrence of
similar disasters.
But what I have now said is intended to
meet, in the humble and weak way which I
confess is the only way I can meet, the obser-
vations of my good friend from Illinois, which
had the appearance, and which were treated
in a good many of the public papers as having
had the intention, certainly the effect, to pro-
duce the impression upon the public mind that
we were now in a very extraordinary condition
of evil as it respects the administration of our
Government, and that extraordinary measures
in this great crisis must be resorted to. I
