1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Educational Fund—Mr. Mclntyre.
Ho. of Heps.
conspiracy on the part of the Governor and
his registrars to defeat a fair election, espe-
cially in. Pulaski county. It is shown by in-
controvertible evidence that hundreds of my
friends in this county, who were beyond ques-
tion entitled to vote, were refused registration
after doing their utmost to secure it. It is
shown by dozens of witnesses, and gentlemen
of respectability and high standing, that it
was the settled determination of the Governor
to cut my vote down as low as possible. The
friends of the Governor openly boasted that
they were running the election, and that they
had the result in their own hands, and that I
would be defeated; that they had the count,
and that they knew what they were talking
about when they said I would not be elected,
or words to that effect.
Such threats alarmed my friends. They saw
that my opponents meant to take some unfair
advantage of them, and they resolved to do
their utmost to av«rt the threatened danger
of being swindled out of the free exercise of
their right to vote, and whatever was done,
they intended to see it, and if possible prevent
any further wrong being perpetrated. Hun-
dreds of them had already been refused regis-
tration in Pulaski county. There was but one
chance for these men to yet get their rights to
participate in the election, and that chance lay
in an appeal to the provisions of the enforce-
ment act of Congress, passed May 31, 1870;
and in order that this law might be made
available to them, they appealed to the United
States marshal to assist them in asserting their
rights under that law. And in compliance
with the request of these people, whose rights
had been denied them, lie did send deputies
to many of the voting precincts of the county,'
and through the assistance of these deputy-
marshals many of these men who had been
denied the right of registration were permit-
ted to vote under the provisions of the act
just mentioned. Opposite the name of each
voter who voted under this act are placed on the
poll-books the letters "E. A." signifying that
they had voted under the enforcement act.
And this is the reason why more voted at some
of the precincts than were registered there;
and this is the reason why there were so many
deputy United States marshals about the elec-
tion ; and in this may be found the reason
why so many voters were on the ground or at
the voting places so early; and being there
when the hour of eight o'clock a. m. arrived,
the time for openingthe polls, and the appointed
judges not being present, as the evidence
clearly and positively shows they were not,
and as the deputy sheriffs were present with
the regular and lawful poll-books and lists of
registration, and the law authorizing the voters
present to appoint the judges, of course they
did not hesitate long to avail themselves of
their legal right, and did elect the judges, who
held the elections at several of the precincts,
and held them fairly and in exact conformity
to law. They would have been a pretty set of
fools indeed if they had waited around there
probably half the day for the judges appointed
by Fitch, the unscrupulous registrar, to come,
when the law provided that they might select
their judges, vote, and go home to their work.
This they did, and did with a unanimous voice,
and the election passed off peaceably and
guietly. So far as my own observation went,
it was throughout the district as peaceable and
quiet an election as ever was held in the State,
and the evidence in this case shows that it was
a very peaceable election, especially at the
polls held by the elected judges. The voters
were permitted to vote once and only once,
and that for whom they pleased.
The sitting member began his cry of frauds
and illegal voting in Pulaski county as soonas
Clayton gave him the certificate and sent him
here. He has continued such cry from that
day until this, until he is almost as hoarse as a
raven; and yet, strange to say, he has not pre-
sented a syllable of evidence toward establish-
ing his assertions. But no doubt that was one
of the promises made by him when he got his
certificate that he should raise as loud a " stop-
thief" cry as possible in order to cover up the
corruption of the Governor in issuing the cer-
tificate. I think the dodge will not win much
longer. The truth will come sooner or later,
and with it justice will be administered. When
this time comes the true and faithful will
rejoice ; but the workers of iniquity will " wail
and gnash their teeth," and well they may, for
"vengeance is mine, saith the Lord; I will
repay."
By reference to sections thirty-two, thirty-
three, thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-six, thirty-
nine, forty-two, and fifty, of the election law of
the State of Arkansas, found in the statutes of
that State for the year 1868, it will be seen that
the folowing steps are to be taken to entitle a
Representative to a seat on this floor: first, the
people must vote; then the election judges
must make their returns to the county court
clerks; then the county court clerks must
make their returns to the secretary of State;
then the secretary of State must canvass these
returns in.the presence of the Governor, and
ascertain whoiselectedRepresentative, where-
upon immediately the Governor is to issue his
certificate of election. The time when these
duties are to be performed is expressly named
by law: first, the voter shall vote on the day
of election; second, the judges shall make
their returns to the clerks within three days
thereafter; third, the clerks shall, within five
days after the election, or sooner, if all the
returns are in, make his returns through the
mail to the secretary of State; fourth, the
secretary of State shall, within thirty days
after the time allowed the clerks, and sooner,
if all the returns are in, make a canvass of
the votes in the presence of the Governor;
(in this case the deputy secretary of State
testifies that the returns were all in within
twenty days;) fifth, the Governor shall im-
mediately thereafter grant a certificate to
the person having the highest number _ of
votes. There is no further time given him,
there is no postponement of the time for dis-
charging his duties in the premises; and
there is no good reason why he should have
any further time, for he has no count to make;
the duty of ascertaining who is elected is not
imposed on him. His duty, and his only duty
in the premises is to announce the result as
ascertained by the secretary of State, and to
give the elected person official evidence of
that result.
The presumption is, until the contrary is
shown, that the people and all these officials
performed their respective duties in accordance
with law. There has been but one official con-
nected with this whole election from the cast-
ing of the ballot to the last step required to be
taken, whom it is shown by the evidence has
failed to do his duty, and that officer was the
Governor of the State. That officer, as has
been shown before, totally disregarded his
duty as such Governor, and refused to issue
any certificate for nearly three months, and
when he did issue it he granted it to the can-
didate whom he knew was defeated by more
than 2,000 majority.
But I have not rested on the presumption m
favor of the lawful discharge of the duties in-
cumbent on the people and of the officers of
election, from the judges at the polls to the
secretary of State. I have presented proof on
proof, showing and establishing the fact
that they each and all faithfully performed
their whole duty as required by law, and within
the time prescribed by law. That the people
went to the polls in an orderly and peaceable
manner, and each cast one vote and only one,
and that one for the candidate of their choice;
that the judges of the elections held the elec-
tions in exact conformity to law and with the
utmost fairness; and that the clerks of the
county courts and the secretary of State each
and all performed their duties exactly as
required by law.
Everything that could be done by the peoplo
themselves and the officers of election was
done to secure a full, free, and fair, a<s well as
legal expression of the voice and will of the
people in this election ; but after all their pains
and * efforts in this behalf, their will is sup-
pressed, thwarted, and perverted by the action
of one man, by an unfaithful, unscrupulous,
and law-defying Governor, who sent the sitting
member here to represent, not the people, but
to represent the man who appointed and sent
him here, Powell Clayton. To deprive me of
my seat here, as I have been thus far, the laws
of my State have been trodden under foot by
its chief Executive; the laws of the United
States have been defied with impunity, while
the rights of the people have been grossly out-
raged, and their voice stifled and silenced, and
the privileges of this House infringed upon,
by this unfaithful and law-defying Governor.
Sir. Speaker, in behalf of that principle on
which our Government is founded1, that "the
voice of the people is the voice of God," which
has been unblushinglv violated in this case, in
behalf of the potency and purity of the ballot,
which has been defeated by fraud and corrup-
tion, and in behalf of all the people of tho
third district of Arkansas, whose rights have
been grossly outraged, I appeal to this House,
in the plentitude of its power, to vindicate the
voice of the people, to protect the purity of tho
ballot, and to do justice to my people and
myself by admitting me to the seat to which I
was elected by them, and which has been
unanimously awarded ine'by the ConJmittee of
Elections, after a jiatient hearing and thorough
investigation of this case.
K(Ideational Fund.
REMARKS OF HON. A. T. McINTYRE,
OF GEORGIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 10, 1872,
On the bill (H. E. No. 1043) to establish an educa-
tional fund, and to apply tho proceeds of tha
public lands to the education of the peoplo.
Mr. McINTYRE. Mr. Speaker, in addition
to what I have already said on a former occa-
sion I desire to add the following :
The education of the people of this country
would be promoted by the diminution of their
burdens. The laborer works to support his
family and educate his children, and when
you diminish the proceeds of his labor by tax-
ation you diminish his educational fund, and
to that extent delay and prevent the education
of the children of the laborer. The rich man
can educate his children without donations;
it is the poor that need the aid of legislation.
This bill proposes to aid the educational
interest of the country by donating one half
of the net proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, which sales amount to a little pver
two million dollars per annum. The substitute
proposes to give all of the net proceeds of sales.
This Congress can and ought to go further
toward aiding the people of this country.
Congress can and ought to lessen these bur-
dens of the people.
The currency of the country has assumed
a position alarming to the country. 'I he oid
United States Bank was almost as nothing as
compared to the present system. It is a power,
with its numerous officials, tending to central-
ism, and should be abolished and the whole
question remitted to the States, where it of
