1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2777
why you do not include such a case, whereas
all the cases which the Senator from Delaware
points out to us are cases of clear, distinct,
express contracts, mail-carriers and the like.
Mr. BAYARD. I merely illustrated the
object of the amendment by a case which would
arise under an express contract.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there any Senator
who thinks of any other case?
Mr. BAYARD. It would be impossible for
any one to describe all cases that may arise,
but cases of contract, whether express or im-
plied, I think should be provided for.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that almost all
claims on implied contracts grow out of ex-
press contracts. Suppose by order of the Post
Office Department the service under a mail
contract is increased. In such a case there is
an implied contract that the rate for the addi-
tional service shall be according to the rate
fixed by the express contract for the stipulated
service; but the additional service is by an
implied contract.
Mr. CONKLING. Not to be over nice
about this, I will strike out the word "ex-
Eress," so that it shall read as the Senator
ad it first. " founded on contract."
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that there
was no property seized by the United States
as captured or abandoned after June, 1865,
the date fixed for the suppression of the rebel-
lion.
Mr. CONKLING. I have not affirmed that
there was ; but the Senate has heard it argued
that there was to-day and on other days. I
understand the Senator from Delaware lo be
satisfied with this modification, and now his
amendment reads as it did read iu his own
language down to the word "suit," and from
there it continues thus: "cognizable by the
Court of Claims founded on contract with the
United States entered into since the suppres-
sion of the rebellion." The Senator accepts
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Delaware modify his amend-
ment in that particular?
Mr. BAYARD. I accept the modification.-
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment,
as modified, which will be read for inform-
ation.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment to the
amendment, as modified, is as follows :
That proof of loyalty to the United States, or of
not giving aid and comfort to the rebellion, shall
not be required by any party to a suitcognizable by
the Court of Claims founded on contract with the
United States entered into since the suppression of
the rebellion.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. ALCORN. I move now further to amend
the amendment by adding:
And provided farther. That on any judgment
heretofore rendered in favor of claimants in which
the question of loyalty was not passed on, the court
on application of the claimant may certify as to the
question of loyalty as shown by the evidence on the
record.
I am aware of the fact that the amendment
which I offered this morning, and which was
adopted by the Senate, has since been emas-
culated by the amendment proposed by the
Senator from New Jersey. Now, I call the
attention of the Senate to the fact that as this
proposition stands there is no remedy for the
claimant who prosecuted his case before the
Court of Claims, and who was denied under
the ruling^ of the court the opportunity of
proving his loyalty, who was advised by the
court that it was unnecessary for him to direct
his proof to that point, and that he need only
direct his attention to the ownership of the
property and its conversion and covering into
the Treasury. He had not the opportunity of
making the proof of loyalty before the court;
the court denied or refused to him permission
to make that proof. He was advised by the
ruling that it was unnecessary.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator was on
that point before, and I did not feel at liberty
to interrupt him; but I do beg now to call his
attention to one fact. Suppose a claimant
comes into the Court of Claims presenting a
solemn paper, letters-patent as they would be
called in another jurisdiction, which on their
face recite that he has participated in the rebel-
lion, and that for that act he is forgiven ; and
will the Senator contend that this party, des-
pite that record, despite his acceptance of it
and agreement to it, could prove, if he wanted
to do so, by truthful evidence, that indeed he
never did participate in the rebellion; that
indeed he was not the man described in the
pardon ; that indeed he had never committed
the offense the commission of which it recites
and forgives?
Unless the honorable Senator means that
within the range of human probability it could
occur in verity that a man who had never com-
mitted a crime had been pardoned; that a man
who had never committed a crime had accepted
the pardon ; that a man who never had com-
mitted a crime had accepted a pardon and
come into court and produced it and thereby
confessed, so that he ought to be estopped ;
that he had in truth committed the crime and
had been pardoned—unless he means to argue
that such a man would have within his power
by truthful evidence the means of establishing
that he had been without sin all the while,
then I submit to him there is no case upon
which his criticism or his appreheusion could
act.
Mr. ALCORN. That may be, and doubt-
less is, the opinion of the Senator from New
York : but I beg to differ with him in regard
to the effect of this amendment. He has
stated a supposable case, and he supposes the
case that the petition sets forth the fact that
the claimant was in the rebellion and was dis-
loyal. Now let me suppose a case where the
petition sets forth the fact that he was not in
the rebellion and was a loyal citizen.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
misunderstood me. I did not say a word of
the petition.
Mr. ALCORN. I understood the Senator
to say " petition."
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all.
Mr. ALCORN. I am unfortunate in under-
standing the Senator from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. Doubtless it was my
fault that I did not make myself clear; but
I intended to speak not of the petition but of
the pardon. I intended to speak of the case
of a claimant who enters the Court of Claims,
not with a petition in his hand—that I did not
refer to—but witha pardon in his hand, which
pardon describes himas a person who has com-
mitted the offense of rebellion, which pardon
recites the fact that he was engaged in rebel-
lion, and which pardon proceeds to forgive and
condone that guilt. I speak of a man who
comes with this pardon in his hands, which by
accepting he has become a party to, and who
produces it in the court to prove what it im-
ports. Now, I ask the Senator whether he
thinks snch a man would be able by truthful
witnesses to go back and show that in point of
fact he never had done anything for which he
ought to be pardoned?
Mr. ALCORN. The Senator from New
York is describing one individual and the
Senator from Mississippi is describing another
individual. We are not describing the same
person. I instanced the case of a claimant
who has brought his suit in the Court of
Claims, and whose petition, if you please, set
forth the fact of his loyalty, and who has gone
forward and made proof of his loyally under
the supposition that the court would pass upon
the question of his loyalty, but when he comes
to try the case the court advise him, "This
voluminous testimony with regard to your loy-
alty you need not make; you need make no
proof upon that subject" 
Mr. MORTON. Now, will my friend allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. ALCORN. Yes, sir,
Mr. MORTON. I want to submit to the
Senator from Mississippi that in the case he
puts his amendment would be ineffectual, or,
if not ineffectual, would be improper. The
amendment reads:
And provided further. That on any judgment here-
tofore rendered in favor of claimants, in which the
question of loyalty was not passed on, the court, on
application of the plaintiff, may certify as to the
question of loyalty as shown by the evidence on the
record.
In the case that he puts there is no evidence
on the record, because the court decided that
that question is immaterial, would not hear
the evidence, and it did not go into the record.
Therefore the amendment would be ineffectual
in the case he puts, and if by any means the
evidence should get into the record on the
part of the plaintiff, it would be improper that
the judge should certify upon that evidence,
because in the case the Senator puts the United
States in, defense would not have controverted
the man's loyalty, though they might have
done it successfully, because it would be imma-
terial. Therefore, there being no controversy
upon that point, the evidence that might creep
into the record would be simply ex parte and
would be wholly immaterial, and therefore,
the judge would not certify upon evidence
getting into the record in that way. If the
question of loyalty was tried pro and con before
the Court of Claims, and the evidence put into
the record, then the record going to the
Supreme Court not showing whether the claim-
ant was loyal or not, it would be competent
for Congress to authorize the judge to certify
before the evidence was beard on both sides,
but it would not be proper to authorize the
court to certify in any ease where the evidence
was not heard on both sides, and the question
was not an issuable question.
Mr. ALCORN. In reply to that I have
assumed the position here that it was not
proper to legislate upon a question that had
been adjudicated and already determined and
prosecuted to a final judgment; but the issue
now arises on a different point. I am referring
to a claimant who was prevented from making
proof with regard to his loyalty, though, con-
struing the law as it was popularly construed,
his petition set forth the fact that he was
loyal, and he made up his proof upon that
popular construction of the law. I presume
that he prepared his proof and established the
first prerequisite in his case, that is, loyalty ;
but when he came with his proof prepared the
court said; " We will not hear you on that
point; under the general proclamation of
pardon issued by the President, that point is
no longer necessary to be proved."
Mr. MORTON. Therefore I suggest to
my friend the evidence could not get into the
record in that case, and that would not be
proper evidence for the reason that the attor-
ney on the part of the United States would
not be allowed to controvert it. It would be
simply ex parte testimony anyhow.
Mr. ALCORN. The testimony prepared by
the claimant, if the point was litigated or con-
troverted by the attorney for the Government,
is a matter of record in the files of the papers
and within the jurisdiction and reach of the
court. It is there for the court to take up and
examine, or the court can under this amend-
ment go back and examine the question upon
proof of loyalty. If this is not uone, then you
have cut off the loyal claimant, who was for
bidden by the court to make proof of his loy-
alty, and he is without remedy. How can he
show that he was loyal when he was not per-
mitted to make proof with regard to his loyalty,
when under the ruling of the court he was
denied the opportunity of making the proof,
and he went forward and prosecuted his judg-
ment under the rules of the court and under
the direction of the court and recovered a judg-
