2778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
ment? The object of this amendment is to
permit him now to go back and establish the
proof of bis loyalt.y under the certificate of the
court.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi to the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. ALCORN called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will suggest to my friend
to make the amendment as perhaps it ought
to be, that they shall "decide" upon the
proof, instead of certifying.
Mr. ALCORN. If they certify to it that
proof is made which is conclusive on the ques-
tion of loyalty, then we think we have enough.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is rather a curious
thing to ask a court to do. If he means that
they are to try the question of loyalty and to
determine it on the proof, very well; but he
merely says they shall certify it. He does not
provide that they are to hear and to determine
it, but only to make a certificate.
Mr. ALCORN. They cannot well hear and
determine it when they have already heard
and determined the case, and are not required
under the act of Congress to reopen the case
aud adjudicate upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am speaking to my
friend of his use of the word "certify." They
cannot certify properly until they hear and
determine; and he does not make any pro-
vision that they shall hear and determine the
questiou of loyalty and then certify, but with-
out any hearing or determination he calls upon
them to certify.
Mr. ALCORN. The proof is matter of
record ; it is before them in the form of dep-
ositions taken, and the court, upon the testi-
mony already before them, which they refused
to hear read and would not allow to be read
under the decision of the Supreme Court at
the time the case was tried, is competent to
take up that testimony and certify with regard
to it whether it was clear and made out and
established the loyalty of the party.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What objection has the
honorable Senator, if he means only what he
says he does, as I am sure he does, to having
his amendment say that 011 the matter thus
being reopened the court shall hear and de-
termine and certify the question.
Mr. ALCOllN. I am willing the honor-
able Senator may submit that amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I cannot submit it, be-
cause it is not in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Mississippi may modify his own amend-
nient, but it cannot be amended further as it
is now an amendment in the second degree.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is why I addressed
myself to my friend from Mississippi, as I
thought it would meet his views to have it say
"hear and determine and certify."
Mr. A.L00RN. Will " hear, determine,
and certify," satisfy the Senator?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will satisfy me.
Mr. ALCORN. Then they had better reopen
the cause.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The direction to hear
and determine" implies that "hear, determ-
ine, and certify" is all that is needed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is a division
demanded on agreeing to the amendment
to the amendment as modified? The Chair
hears no demand for a division, and the
amendment to the amendment, as modified,
is agreed to. The question recurs on the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Morrill,] as amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The yeas and nays have
already been ordered on that question.
PRESIDENT. They have been.
Mr. HILL, 1 now move to amend the
amendment by adding:
Promded/urther^ That proof of the loyalty of the
plaintiff in any suit m the Court of Claimsshall not
be reuuired where it is proven that said plaintiff had,
before the seizure of the property the subject-matter
of litigation, taken and subscribed the oath ot am-
nesty prescribed by the proclamation of-tue Fresi-
dent of the United States, bearing date the 81 h d.i>
of December, 1863; but it shall be competent for the
United States to prove that said oath was not kept
and maintained inviolate.
I will not detain the Senate, but I call its
attention to the proclamation itself, omitting
the preamble, "which is in these words:
"I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United
States, do proclaim, declare, and mnkc known to all
persons who have directly or by implication partici-
pated in the existing rebellion, except as hereinafter
excepted"—
The exceptions are very large classcs—
"that a full pardon is hereby granted to them and
each of them, with full restoration of all rights of
property (except as to slaves, and in property cases
where the rights of third parties shall have inter-
vened,) and upon the condition that every such per-
son shall takeand subscribe an oath and shall hence-
forward keep and maintain said oath inviolate.
Then the form of the oath is prescribed.
Then follows in the next clause the list of per-
sons excepted from the benefits of this proc-
lamation. I think that where a man did take
that oath, and after having taken it faithfully
observed it up to the time his property was
seized, the proceeds arising from which have
gone into the Treasury, ana has done no act
since forfeiting the confidence of the Govern-
ment, but has abided by that oath, he ought to
be permitted to go into the court and bring his
suit as though he had been a loyal man all the
time. If the proclamation meant anything it
meant to confer that right.
It is not a very large class of persons to
which this applies. They could not have been
officials, because the excepted classes, which
perhaps I had better advert to, as we forget
these things unless we look frequently at them,
embrace—
"All who are or shall have been civil or diplo-
matic officers or agents of the so-called confederate
government: all who have left judicial stations
under the United States to aid the rebellion: all
who arc or j^hall ha ve been military or naval officers
of the so-called confederate government above the
rank of colonel m the army or lieutenant in the
navy; all who left seats in the United States Con-
gress to aid tho rebellion; all who resigned commis-
sions in the Army or Navy of the United States, and
afterward aided the rebellion; and all who have
engaged in any way in treating colored persons, or
white persons in charge of such, otherwise than law-
fully as prisoners of war, and which persons mar
have been found in the United States service as
soldiers or seamen, or in any other capacity."
In that view, very few private individuals
can be found in the country who can take any
benefits under the amendment I have offered.
I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The effect of this amend-
ment is in substance to repeal the act of 1863,
which was passed pari passu with the authority
to issue that proclamation, and which covered
an entirely different class of cases. As I have
once stated, that proclamation was to the citi-
zen, _ in his attitude of criminal, subject to
criminal prosecution, and it was not a procla-
mation of pardon to him as a public enemy ;
it did not restore property we seized by virtue
of belligerent rights. The law-making power
said that captured and abandoned property
should be subject to one rule as to the tribunal
where you were to pursue it, and in the same
breath we said to all citizens of the United
States liable to forfeitures and liable to pen-
alties, "If jou will come in and take an oath
and behave yourselves, we will not enforce
the forfeitures and penalties upon you."
The effect ofthis amendment is to make the
law worse than it would be not, to adopt the
amendment of my colleague at all; it makes
it worse than it is now.
. -HILL. I beg to state to the Senator
that the amendment does not refer to property
which was captured or taken by the Govern-
ment before the taking of the oath by the party,
but subsequently.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand it perfectly.
Mr. HILL I think if the proclamation
meant anything, it threw around that indi-
vidual protection of liinist-H and his property
so long as he kept In-, oath. 1 think that is a
fair interpretation. Tlieie ought to be some
reward for Ins fidelity and constancy, for it
was a pretty living thing for a '"a" to do if he
remained in association with the rebel South.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Georgia
to the amendment.
Mr. HILL called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 am paired with the
Senator from Connecticut. [Mr. Perky,] who
would \ote " jeV and I should vote "nay."
Mr. HANSOM. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] on this
question, if lie were here he would vote
"nay," and I should vote "yea."
Mr. HAMILTON, ot Maryland. On ques-
tions connected with the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont I am paired with the
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Wilicjht.]
Mr. SAWYER. 1 am paired with the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. [Mr. Cuagin.] He
would vote " nay '' on this amendment, and I
should vote "yea."
Mr. COOPER. The Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Stockton] is paired with the
Senator from Florida. [Mr. Osborn".]
Mr. SCOTT. I was requested by the Sena-
tor from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] to state that
he was paired with the Senator from Texas,
[Mr. Hamilton".] The Senator from Vermont
would vote " nay " on tins amendment, and the
Senator from Texas would vote "yea."
The call of the roll having been concluded,
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is not a
quorum yet voting. Several Senators are pres-
ent who have been announced as having paired
with other Senators who are absent. Several
Senators are present, on opposite sides of the
; question, who are thus paired.
Mr. BOREMAN. I am paired. I have not
mentioned the fact now, as I have mentioned
i it two or three times before.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am paired with the
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry], *ho
would vote in favor of this amendment, and
my friend from South Carolina [Mr. Sawyer]
is paired with the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Cragix,] who would vote against
it. Therefore I think we may both be at lib-
erty to vote on opposite sides, which will make
a quorum and effectuate the same purpose. I
therefore vote "nay" with this explanation,
and my friend from South Carolina will vote
"yea."
Mr. SAWYER. I vote "yea."
The result was announced—yeas 16, nays
23 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aleorn, Bayard, Blair, Casaerly,
Cooper, Goldthwaite, Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis,
feawyer, bpencer, Stevenson, Tipton, Yickers, and
\\ est—16.
NAYS —Messrs. Ames, Anthony. Buckingham,
Caldwell, Carpentei, Chandler, Cole. Corbett, Ed-
munds, ienton, Ferry of Michigan, Frclinghuysen,
Hubert, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Morrill of Maine,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Scott, Trumbull, Wilson, and
Windom—23.
ALSLNT Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Cameron,
Uayton, Conkhng, Cragm, Davis of Kentucky,
avis ot Webt \ lrginia, Ferry ot Connecticut, Flan-
agan, Hamilton ot Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Hitchcock, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of Vermont,
o xJ orwood, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pool,
£ratt, Ransom, Rice, Robertson, Saul&bury, Schurz,
onerman, Sprqgue, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner,
ihurman, and Wright—35.
bo the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. ALCORN. I wish to call the attention
® Senate to the fact that the amendment
which I had the honor to offer, and which was
accepted, or rather amended as suggested by
the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,]
would perhaps be safer if it was shorn of the
W j ¥18^own the evidence on the
record. I have not the knowledge of a single
before tho Court of Claims : but, it is pos-
sible that cases may exist in which the claim-
