1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3675
ten years under a subsidy of $1,000,000 a year. |
I therefore agree with the gentleman from
Ohio it is indeed a very different proposition.
It is pernicious ; it is in the wrong direction ;
it is "objectionable on every ground, not only
of principle, but of fair, honest legislation. It
is a violation of our duty to those we represent.
It is a discrimination in favor of capital. The
American steamship line to-day is owned in
Wall street, and is there being bulled and
beared on the votes and speeches here, a,nd
the influences, proper and improper, which
are brought to bear on both Houses of Con-
gress for the consummation of this scheme.
Now, I am for the commerce of my country.
I will go as far as any one will go, and stretch
the Constitution to as great a latitude as any
one will do it to revive the sunken commerce
of my country, but this is not the way to do it.
The administering of these artificial stimulants
applied to a man already beyond resuscitation,
except by applications of nostrums of this
character, is not only an unwise policy to pur-
sue in reference to foreign commerce, but it is
pernicious in example; it is setting a prece-
dent under which all are rushing in here to
ayail themselves of. And already, sir, we
know that the lobbies are filled by ex-mem-
bcrs of the House who are here in the interest
of this corporation to induce us by all manner
of applications, social, political, and other-
wise, to vote for a tea-years subsidy of
$l,000.000ayear to this steamship line. Sir, I
hope the amendment will not be concurred in.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to say something about this amend-
ment, rather of personal than of general con-
sideration. I have felt exceedingly anxious to
contribute in my feeble way, as a member of
the committee with which I am connected, the
Committee on Commerce, to the purposes
which are aimed at by this amendment. I
have been disappointed in it owing to feeble
health, and now i desire to say two or three
things to the House about this amendment,
not with reference so much to the vote as with
reference to the general subject. I watched
with anxiety and iuterest the debate on this
matter that occurred while I was away. I
■judged from that debate, and from the tfote,
that we are not yet educated up to a thorough
and adequate comprehension of the magnitude
ol this great matter.
Mr. Speaker, it is a truth, and it is a rather
Suggestive one, that a nation without com-
merce is always a perishing nation. Find me
anywhere it) lnstoiy a nation whose commerce
and trade with other nations was departing,
and you will find me a nation whose glory was
departing, provided the failure was not from
some temporary and accidental cause. In our
ease I trust the fact is that the terribly bad
■condition of our foreign commerce results
from incidental atid temporary causes, and not
from any general failure either in the spirit or
purpose of the people.
The next rematk I want to make is this,
that it so happens that our nation is geograph
ically, as well as iti other respects so situated,
and so perpetually situated by its physical con-
ditions, as that we aie invited to lead in the
commerce of the world. Of course! cannot
elaborate that idea in five minutes. Take our
coast, the largest, our harbors, far the best on
the globe; take our geographical relations
with Asia, growing year by year, and rising,
stupendously rising, iu importance in the rela-
tion that it is now forming with the commerce
of tlie world ; take the fact that we are stand-
ing half way between them and Europe; take
the magnitude of our trade, almost doubling
each decade of our national life; take the
fact that $100,000,000 net earnings per year
do not represent the magnitude of the earnings
of our fanners in American products alone—
take such few facte as these, and place them
together, and ao American can fail to appre-
hend the magnitude of the matter that we are
engaged upon. And we must educate our ideas
up to that magnitude and to its realization.
This Congress, I fear, judging from the vote
that was east a few days ago, is not yet there.
Why, sir, gentlemen talk to us about this com-
merce of ours taking care of itself, and about
the stimulus that we propose in the way of sub-
sidy being an artificial and unnatural one. Sir,
put another fact along by the side of this one
I have already stated: that in this matter of our
commerce we are in the only field where the
industries of America come directly into com-
petition with those of every other nation in
the world. We are on the high seas in this
matter; we are in the family of nations in this
matter; we are alongside of every other nation
in this matter. And there is no ingenuity,
there is no contrivance, there is no method,
no panacea, nothing that will make us equal
with them except money. England, Prance,
Germany, our competitors, give money. Now
let some gentleman arise and tell me how we
are to make our commerce equal with that of
other nations except by subsidies, or some-
thing else that will be equivalent to a subsidy.
We must be put on an equality or we cannot
live. Now, that is the fact*
Mr. F1NKELNBURS. As the gentleman
has proposed a question to the House, will he
allow me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. If I had ten min-
utes I would be very glad to yield to the gen-
tleman, hut I suppose my time is about out.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has one
minute left.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I have not yet
said anything that amounts to anything, except
to lead up to that which I now add. It is,
that I regret exceedingly that I cannot sup-
port this subsidy under the circumstances in
which we are placed. I want simply to state
my reasons. We must encourage our com-
merce, as 1 have already said ; we must do it
by money ; we must put our people on an
equality with those of other nations. Our
commerce must live ; we will be recreant if
we let it die. We must sustain it in the way
proposed by this subsidy. But my objection
to the subsidy is this: we must sustain our
commerce by some general provision that
shall secure assistance to all the lines of com-
meice that we are equally interested in.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. NIBLACK. It is proper for me to
say 
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man allow me to add a single sentence?
Mr. NIBLACK. Certainly.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I thank the gen-
tleman. Now, sir, a bill has been reported by
the Committee on Commerce which provides
for tbe creation of a commission composed of
the highest officials of the Government of the
United States, as a board of commerce; and
the bill proposes to aid all the various lines of
commerce that we are equally interested iu
promoting with this line. 1 think this line
now has, in the $500,000 a year which is
granted to it, a3 much money as we will be
enabled to give £o other lines having equal
claims upon our consideration. I fear that
the passage of this proposition of the Senate
would endanger such an arrangement as the
one proposed in that bill, and hence with
reluctance I shall vote against it.
Mr. NIBLACK. I would not enter upon
this debate at all if I were not a member of
the Committee on Appropriations, which has
recommended a concurrence in this amend-
ment. But as one of the minority of that
committee who did not agree to its action, I
felt that I ought, briefly at least, to explain
tbe reasons which have induced me to oppose
the adoption of this amendment. I trust no
one appreciates more than I do the import-
ance of oar commerce and of these lines in a
commercial point of view. I confess that
when I think of the brilliant prospect that is
opened up to us by our great trade with Japan,
and China all my impulses of patriotism are
quickened.
And the same remark would, to some extent,
apply to our commerce with the South Amer-
ican States, but not to so great a degree,
because they are divested of that novelty which
attaches to our present interesting relations
with China and Japan.
But, sir, the difficulty in this case lies far
deeper than the remedy proposed in these
subsidies can in my judgment reach. These
subsidies are an attempt to overcome by arti-
ficial means a serious defect in our present
system of taxation and finance. The policy
of this Government for many years past upon
this subject of ship-building has been that of
erecting a sort of Chinese wall around it. The
difficulty has arisen not from the fact that we
have not had equal facilities with other nations
for carrying on commerce, but because of the
expensive material out of which our ships are
built. While we built them of wood, while
our commerce was carried on in wooden ves-
sels, we could compete with the world, but
now when we must have iron ships, the mate-
rial of which they are constructed costs so
much more in this country than such material
costs abroad that we find ourselves at a disad-
vantage. Instead of going to the root of the
difficulty, instead of cheapeaing material, in-
stead of cheapening ships by allowing our citi-
zens to purchase them wherever they may be
able to purchase them cheapest, instead of
inaugurating free trade in regard to this class
of vessels so much needed for our commerce,
we propose to bridge over the difficulty by a
system of bounties necessarily partial in their
character—a system of which when once en-
tered upon no man can foresee the end.
If we grant a subsidy to a particular line,
common justice requires that we should grant
subsidies to other lines upon which our com-
merce is equally important and subsidies
equally needed. Tnis, then, is but the enter-
ing wedge of a system which I cannot agree
to sanction as a remedy for the difficulties
under which our commerce is laboring. Why,
sir, if we give to the men controlling these
lines of steamships now seeking subsidies the
liberty to purchase ships wherever they choose,
and if we allow such ships American regis-
ters, these men will need no subsidies. With-
out them they will be able to compete with
the world. But the existing condition of
things has been brought about, as I have
already indicated, by our system of legisla-
tion upon the subject of taxation and finance.
For one, sir, I am not disposed to embark in
a remedy so partial in its character, and which
cannot be efficient without absolutely draining
the country of resources so much needed for
other purposes.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker, in thinking
and talking about a subject of this kind there
is great danger of becoming involved in some
confusion as to terms. Gentlemen who have
advocated this subsidy have talked about "com-
merce," as if the carrying trade were com-
merce ; as if the ship which bears back and
forth what is the substance of commerce were
commeice itself; as if the railroad cais which
traverse this country from end to end carrying
the products of industry and the commodities
of commerce were commerce. Gentlemen
might as well tell me that the railroad trains
which come in and out of Washington are com-
merce, as to tell me that the ships which trav-
er.^e the Pacific ocean are commerce. A nation
may have a large commerce and yet not own
a ship; a State may have a large commerce
and yet not manufacture or own a railroad
car. Commerce is one thing, transportation
is another. China and Japan have commerce
with us and other nations, but no ships. Let
us not, when we are talking about this subject,
