1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
987
mittee have made a little alteration. They
have increased tlie appropriation for wages ot
workmen and adjusters in the San jFtancisco
mint trom the amount appropriated last year,
$178,000, to $200,000 for the next fiscal year.
The amount asked in the estimates was some-
thing like two hundred and twelve thousand
dollars for this service. There is a deficiency
of $21,500 which will have to be made up in
the deficiency bill, and it was regarded as best
that this should be provided for in the regular
appropriation bill. The necessity for this arose
from the fact that the coinage in that branch
mint lor the present year is some twenty five
million dollars against some nineteen million
dollars for the last year, and a like sum for
several years preceding that.
The mint at Charlotte, in North Carolina,
which is of really no service whatever, will,
if the recommendation of the committee is
adopted, be abolished, and provision is em-
bodied in this bill for that end.
There has been a reduction of the force in
some of the assay offices, and in the establish-
ments at New York and Philadelphia the sal-
aries of the various persons employed there
have been set out more in detail.
The House of Representatives neglected to
make appropriations for one or two of the Ter-
ritories in which the Legislature will sit next
year, and it became necessary for the Senate
committee to recommend a provision for the
expenses of the Legislature of the Territory
of Arizona and one other Territory.
The Secretary of War asked for a consider-
ably additional force, quite large, some six
clerks, I believe, to take charge of and arrange
the rebel archives. An appropriation of
$6,000 is recommended by the Senate com-
mittee for that service.
So, also, a mistake took place in reference
to the necessary expenses of the British claims
commission. The bill as it came to us asked
for an appropriation of only $43,000, whereas
the estimates for necessary expenses by that
commission amount to a little over forty-nine
thousand dollars, and that correction is made.
But, Mr. President, notwithstanding ail these
corrections and the additions I have spoke of
in other respects, the bill has been so reduced
that the total amount, of recommendations
made by the Senate committee are $21,691 50
less than the amount appropriated in the bill
as it came to us from the House. The total
amount as it passed the House was $17,28/,-
764 84. Reduced as I stated by some twenty-
one or twenty-two thousand dollars, the amount
embodied m the bill now is $17,260,074 84.
I hope the Senate will agree that we ought to
keep it at about these figures, and not attempt
to raise the salaries of officers and by other
means to increase the amount to any consider-
able degree above that which has been recom-
mended by the committee.
I will state, for the encouragement of the
Senate and the country, that the appropria-
tions in this bill last year amounted to
$19,518,239 24, about two millions and a quar-
ter more than are found necessary for the next
fiscal year.
I ask unanimous consent of the Senate that
the full second reading of the bill be dispensed
with, and that the amendments be considered
as the bill is read over the first time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Vice President
stated that that would be the order unless there
was objection, and no objection was made.
Therefore the amendments of the Committee
on Appropriations will be considered as they
are reached in their order as the bill is read.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment proposed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was in line twenty-
nine, in the clause making appropriation for
the compensation of the Sergeaut-at-Arms and
Doorkeeper of the Senate, to insert:
Provided, Thathereafter he shall receive, directly
or indirectly, no fees or other compensation or emol-
ument whatever for performing the duties of the
office, or in connnction therewith, otherwise than as
aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines fifty-five,
fifty-six, and fifty-seven, to strike outfrom the
list of officers in the service of the Senate
receiving an annual salary "superintendent
in charge of furnaces, $1,440; assistant in
charge of furnaces, $864."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to change the sum
total for annual salaries of officers of the Sen-
ate from $122,532 80 to $120,228 80.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to reduce the
appropriation for stationery for officers and
committees of the Senate in line seventy-five
from $8,000 to $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighty-
seven, after the word "fuel" to insert "and
oilso as to read, " for fuel and oil for the
heating apparatus, $8,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 5, line
eighty-eight, to strike out " $10,000" and in-
sert " $5,000," so as to make the appropria-
tion for furniture and repairs of furniture for
the Senate, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 5, line
one hundred and one, to strike out " two thou-
sand and eighty-eight" and insert "one thou-
sand eight hundred ;" in line one hundred and
two to strike out " three" and insert "two;"
and in line one hundred and three to strike out
"eight" and insert five so as to make the
clause read:
Capitol Police:
For one captain, $1,800; two lieutenants, Sl.oOO
each.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope this amendment
will not be adopted. Certainly there are no
more responsible positions about the Capitol
than the positions of the Capitol police. _ They
guard propeity of the value of many millions
of dollars. It is a very honorable position,
and in many respects a very laborious one;
and I am astonished to see that the salary of
the captain of police is proposed to be reduced
by the committee when the salaries of no other
officers are reduced. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. MORTON. I hope this amendment
will not be adopted, nor do I understand the
particular reason for it. lhe most of these
policemen, perhaps all of them, are soldiers;
most of them 1 believe are wounded soldiers,
and they have families, and they cannot live
on less than what the salary was. - I hope this
clause will be allowed to stand as it passed the
House. 1 know of no reason why these salaries
should be cut down. The same reason that
would justify the cutting down of these salaries
would seem to me to justify the cutting down
of all the salaries provided for in the bill. I
do not think there is any real economy or any
humanity in reducing these salaries.
Mr. COLE. The committee gave a good
deal of thought and attention to this subject,
and the matter was very fully discussed in the
committee-room. There was a good deal of
inquiry as to the propriety of the reduction
which was recommended. The compensation,
as reported by the committee, is much larger
than is generally given to persons engaged as
policemen in other places, larger than in other
cities, and considerably larger than is given to
the Metropolitan police in the city of Wash-
ington. The position of a policeman about
the Capitol is, as has been stated, a very pleas-
ant one for one who likes that sort of employ-
ment, and is not attended with much of the
annoyances that are attendant upon that ser-
vice in cities; and we thought the compens-
ation we propose, $1,800 for captain of
police, $1,500 for lieutenants, and $1,200 for
privates, being more than was given for like
service elsewhere, and considering the charac-
ter of the service here amply sufficient. We
therefore thought it proper and just to put it
down the figures that are recommended. Of
course, if we keep raising up the salaries
of police officers and messenger and one set
of officers after another, we shall after awhile
find ourselves in great difficulty. There is
always complaint from those engaged in one
employment against those engaged in others,
and they are constantly pointing from one to
another, and referring to the raising of salaries
in one department as a reason why they should
be raised in another. I think the Senate ought
to leave this appropriation as it is recom-
mended by the committee.
Mr. WEST. I call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the fact that this proposition to reduce
the pay of these officers of police has been
arrived at by the unanimous conclusion of the
committee. I think the chairman will confirm
what I say. The committee gave a great, deal
of attention to the consideration of it. There
was no desire generally to reduce the emolu-
ments of attaches and employes of the Senate;
but the committee came to the conclusion
after due investigation that these salaries had
been unjustifiably raised, and that they were
out of all proportion to the pay of officers
doing similar duty in connection with the
Capitol. It was with no desire to reflect in"
any way upon the efficiency of the officers
themselves, but the committee unanimously
concluded that the pay was out of all propor-
tion to their duties.
Mr. WRIGHT. I sincerely trust, with the
Senator from Alabama and the Senator from
Indiana, that there will be no reduction in the
compensation of these officers. I have no dis-
position as a rule t.o pay out of proportion for
any services ; but I am very well satisfied that
the discrimination as against these officers is
most, unjust. I know of no reason why there
should be a reduction in the compensation of
these officers as comp.tred with former years.
I am advised by those who are m the service
that it will be utterly impossible for them to
live on the compensation that is provided for
in the bill as reported from the committee.
Why there should be a discrimination against
the chief of police and the policemen here is
something that I cannot understand. I know
some of these men, and know them to be wor-
thy and excellent men, as faithful in the dis-
charge of their duty as any person about this
Capitol, and I cannot conceive any reason or
any ground why there should be a reduction
of their pay. I speak in behalf of these men,
whom 1 know to be worthy men, and I insist
that there shall be no discrimination against
them.
Mr. MORTON. The argument that the
policemen in cities or other places do not
get any more than is proposed to be given
by this amendment, it seems to me, is not
a good one. We ought to have a superior
police here, and I think we have one. We
have men who have seen service, men of
character. 1 was told by a Senator, while
the Senator from California was speaking,
that two of the members of this police during
the war had commanded brigades ; two mem-
bers of it were colonels; they are wounded
veterans. I know of one man who was a
major in an Indiana regiment, from my State,
ana who was badly wounded during the war,
and I believe has never entirely recovered from
his wound. I know he was an excellent officer
and an excellent soldier. I do not see,the
force of the argument which insists that these
men shall be put upon a level with the police
of cities and paid in the same way. Take the
twenty-five piivates provided for here. As the
bill passed the House, and as they have been
paid heretofore, they get $1,500 a year. It is
proposed to out them down to $1,200. Ihey
are not young men, most of them, like firit-
class clerks, but they have families; they can
