1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1883
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, lowhom
was referred the bill (S. No. 450) to secure
homesteads to actual settlers on the public
domain, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
■was referred the bill (S. No. 737) to incorpor-
ate the Great Salt Lake and Colorado River
railway, and to grant to said company a right
of way through the public lands ot the United
States, reported it with amendments.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
petition of John Wofield, late a private in the
forty-seventh regiment New York volunteers,
praying arrears of pension, reported it ad-
versely, and asked to be discharged from its
farther consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of James M. Dalzell,
of Ohio, praying an amendment of the act ot
February 14, 1871, so as to admit to the pen-
sion-rolls all the soldiers, and widows of sol-
diers of the war of 1812, without respect to the
term of service or date of marriage, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the petition of Mary P. E. Purcell, widow ot
William F. Purcell, late judge of the orphans'
court of the District of Columbia, praying pay-
ment of the amount of his salary from- the
abolishment of that courtuntil his death, asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
Mr. BOREMAN. Senate bill No. 2G0, for
the relief of loyal citizens of Loudoun county,
Virginia, therein named, was referred to the
Committee on Claims, together with a petition
of those citizens, asking for pay for two classes
of claims : first, for property destroyed by the
Army of the United States ; secondly, for prop-
erty taken and used by the Army of the United
States. I am instructed by the committee to
report back favorably the bill that was referred
to them to pay for the property destroyed, and
to recommend its passage. I do not concur
in this report myself: first, because I think it
of doubtful propriety at this time to begin to
pay this class ot claims; and second, because
it seems to me to be in opposition to the policy
incorporated in the act creating the southern
claims commission.
i am further instructed by the same com-
mittee to report a second bill to pay for the
other class of claims referred to in the peti-
tion, which is for property taken and used by
the Army. I concur with the committee in
reporting in favor ot the passage of that bill,
and 1 submit a report, which 1 desire to have
printed, setting forth the facts.
The bill (S. No. 850) providing for the pay-
ment of loyal citizens of Loudoun county,
Virginia, therein named, for their property
taken by the military authorities of the United
States, was read and passed to the second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CRAG IN. The Committee on Naval
Affaiis, to whom was referred a letter of the
Secretary of the Navy, communicating a report
of the board of officers organized to examine
the eases of such officers as may have deemed
themselves unjustly passed over by promotions
made in conformity with the act ot Congress
approved July 25. 1860, have had the same
under consideration, and instructed me to
report a bill carrying out the recommendations
of the board. As the bill is very short, I am
instructed by the committee to ask for its pres-
ent consideration ; and I will state as a reason
that if there is much delay some of the officers
will go oil the retired list.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Illinois has had unanimous consent to call up
a bill this morning. Possibly the Senator
from New Hampshire can get his bill consid-
ered if he withholds it until to-morrow.
Mr. CRAGIN. Then I withdraw the report.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom, was referred
the bill (S. No. 381) restoring to the marshal
of the District of Columbia the exclusive
supervision of the jail in said District, re-
ported it adversely, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 037) to establish
a municipal court in the District of Columbia,
reported it with an amendment.
AMENDMENTS TO BILLS.
Mr. CALDWELL, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
1192) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and lor fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June
30, 1873, and for other purposes; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R.
No. 173) to repeal the duties on salt; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
papers withdrawn.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, reported the following
resolution; which was con sidercd by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
i lirxolved, That the Committee on Post Offiecs and
i Post Roads bo discharged fmm the further consid-
' oration of the petition of Mathew Callahan, and
that he be authorised to withdraw his petition and
accompanying papers.
PRINTING OF A REPORT.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to ask to^have
printed a report in the case of. Jesse J. Simp-
kins. It is a House report which was sent here
with the papers in the case, which is now before
the Committee on the Judiciary. I move that
the report be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
bills introduced
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No._851)
to empower C. O. Shepherd, charg6 d'affaires
at Japan, to draw his salary as such officer;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 852) for the relief of Samuel A. Wilkins;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 853) repealing acts and
parts of acts granting lands and certain privi-
leges in the Indian territory to railroad com-
panies ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
life-saving station.
Mr. STOCKTON submitted the following
resolution ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That one thousand copies of the letter
of the Secretary of the Treasury, communicating,
in complianco with a resolution of the penate ot
December 14, 1871, information in relation to the
present condition of the life-saving stations on the
coasts of New Jersey and Long Island, be printed.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, and by unan-
imous consent, the Vice President was author-
ized to fill the vacancy on the Committee on
Claims; and Mr. Wisdom was appointed.
soldiers' homesteads.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I have a
petition from sundry citizens of Harper's
Ferry, which I ask to have read, and then I
shall ask to have the bill to which it relates
considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois has obtained unanimous consent
to call up the bill in regard to homesteads of
discharged soldiers.
Mr. POMEROY. We cannot give unani-
mous consent to more than one bill at a time.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I withdraw
the request.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further morning business, the bill (S. No. 447)
to enable honorably discharged soldiers and
sailors, their widows and orphan children, to
acquire homesteads on the public lands of the
U nited States, is before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was
in line thirty of section one, after " aforesaid,"
to insert " shall be deducted from the time
heretofore required to perfect title,'' and after
line thirty-four to add "without reference to
the length of time he may have served so
that the proviso will read;
And provided also, Thattho time which thohome-
stead sottler shall have served in the Army, Navy,
or Marine corps aforesaid shall bo deducted from
the time heretofore required to perfect title, or, if
discharged on account of wounds received, or dis-
ability incurred m the line of duty, then thotermof
enlistment shall be deducted lrom the time liereto-
iore required to peifect title, without refercnco to
the length of time he may have served.
The next amendment of the committee was
to add as an additional section the following:
Sec. 5. That any soldier, sailor, marine, officer, or
other person coming within the provisions of this
act may, as well by an agent as in person, enter upon
fc.iid homestead: Provided, That said claimant in
person shall, within the tune prescribed, eommcnoe
settlement and improvements on the same, and
thereafter fulfill all the requirements of this act.
The amendments weie agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
that I have any objection to the bill, but it is
impossible to undei stand in how many particu-
lars it may affect the homestead law. I hope
the honorable Senator who has charge of it
will give some explanation as to the particu-
lars in which it affects the homestead law, and
to what extent.
Mr. LOGAN. The homestead law, as the
Senator is aware, applies to all persons, lliis
bill provides that where persons had taken
homesteads, had in the language of the law
entered a homestead and left that homestead
and gone into the Army and served, so that
the homestead has been forfeited on that ac-
count, or sold, or taken possession of by the
Government, the soldier shall be permitted to
reenter and his time is to be counted.
The main change in the homestead law is
this: that instead of the man who served in
the Army being required to reside on his
homestead five years, as the law now is, he
is permitted to enter, for which the law gives
six months, and alter that six months he is
required to reside one year and cultivate the
homestead for one year, and then the time that
he served in the Army is deducted from the
five years; that is to say, if he served four
years in the Army, one }rear's cultivation will
give him the homestead ; it he served two, it
would require three ; if he serves three, it will
require two. The change is in deducting the
time he served as a soldier from the five years
which the law now requires.
This bill is recommended by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, as I undei •
stand, and with the amendments lie pro-
posed it is reported unanimously by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands after full and thorough
consideration. I see no other respect m which
it does affect the homestead law. I he rest is
merely detail as to how it shall be carried out.
There is one other provision, however, which
perhaps 1 ought to explain. That is that an
