1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
a thorough investigation, or you may pass it
in such form that the whole country will see,
or at least will think they see, that you mean
that there shall be no investigation at all. The
responsibility is upon the majority of the
Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to have the ori-
ginal resolution and the amendment of the
Senator from Illinois both read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution and
the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. It seems to me, from the
reading of the original resolution brought in
by the Senator from Rhode Island, that two
things are plain: first, that this committee,
though it is denominated a Committee of In-
vestigation and Retrenchment, is not to invest-
igate anything of its own motion, but is, by
the very terms of the resolution, confined to
such subjects as may be committed to it by the
Senate; and second, that it is armed with no
powers to send for persons and papers, even
for the purposes of such investigations.
I do not claim, for I do not possess, any
very intimate acquaintance with parliamentary
proceeding ; but to my own uninstructed mind
the idea of a committee of investigation with-
out powers to send for persons and papers is
a contradiction in terms. How is a commit-
tee to investigate, how is a committee to in-
quire, except upon proof? How is it to obtain
proof unless it. has power to seek it and com-
pel it if necessary? Therefore, sir, the com-
mittee, as proposed by the resolution of the
Senator from Rhode Island, is struck with
death in the very moment almost of obtaining
birth. It is a sort of parliamentary still-birth.
The Senator fromOhio who is nearest to the
Chair [Mr. Sherman] spoke of the enormity
of leaving to any committee power to look into
the private affairs of anybody. This is a com-
mittee to investigate public affairs, the affairs
of the General Government, the affairs of the
General Government in all its departments
and in all its offices in regard to the adminis-
tration of the trust committed to that Govern-
ment and to its various officials, high and low,
by the Constitution and people of the United
States. Is there anything in the inquiry into
that general subject,, however strict, to which
any one should object, or from which any
party or any set of men, conscious that the
affairs will bear investigation, should shrink ?
It is supposed that the committee can determ-
ine when a proper case for a requisition upon
the Senate for the power to send for persons
and papers may arise. How do we know that,
sir? The committee is to be constituted by
the Senate as other committees; that is to say,
by the majority of the Senate. It will be such
a committee, of course, that in its formation
it will have the entire sanction and approval
of the majority of the Senate; and upon that
point I desire to say just here, that one of the
extraordinary features of the opposition to the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois is that
in the same breath in which the Senate pro-
poses—as it properly should, I concede, in ac-
cordance with its general practice—to reserve
to itself the making of this committee, Sen-
ators are found, and leading Senators, too, to
object to confiding to a committee of its own
making the power to produce persons and
papers, without, which, as I said, a committee
of investigation seems to me to he a solecism
in terms, and a nonentity in practicc. Of
course the majority of the committee will bo
a majority in sympathy with the majority of
this body; and if an inquiry should be sug-
gested by a Senator from the minority in this
body, if such a one should be a member of the
committee, or by a member of the majority, it
would not be a public inquiry ; it would be a
mere private inquiry until the committee should
have acted, and it might be suppressed there.
It will be in the power of a bare majority of
the committee present to suppress any move-
ment for a report or a request from the com-
mittee to this body for the necessary powers to
send for persons and papers in any given case.
But if the majority of the committee should
deem a proper case presented, and should ask
of the Senate the necessary powers, it must be
in a specified ease, Senators insist. How speci-
fied? The particulars must be given. In other
words, sir, before the first step can be taken
to detect a wrong, either committed or medi-
tated, you have to give notice to the offenders
in the Senate, in the most public manner that
can be devised, so that they shall have time to
put their house in order, and if not to baffle
your investigation when you do make it, at
least to escape from the offended justice of the
country.
In the next place, how many Senators here,
not merely of the majority but of the minority,
aspire to the function of a detective? How
many aspire to occupy the position of a pub-
lic accuser? This is not like a court of justice.
Itis acourtof a particular kind, which, dealing
with subjects of great public concern, dealing
with questions of Government, is obliged to deal
with them upon different and much broader
principles than courts of law can deal with
them. We have to act almost universally upon
evidence which falls far short of the evidence
that would be requisite in the law, in order to
set our apparatus of inquiry in motion.
Why, sir, I have heard things since I came
to Washington for this session, in reference to
a very important public transaction in perhaps
the most important Department of this Gov-
ernment, that I should regard as eminently
necessary to be investigated, and which came
to me upon very high authority, at least upon
very distinguished and explicit authority; hut
I should not feel justified in getting up and
making that matter the subject of public men-
tion in my place in the Senate; and yet I should
think it a matter very proper to be suggested
by me to this committee if it were appointed,
so that if the accusation were well founded
they could take the necessary steps to make it
good, and so that if it were not well founded
no great amount of injury could be done to
private rights or ta private feelings or to the
piublic interests.
Sir, this ought not to be a party question.
It is not a party question. We are all inter-
ested—the minority as much as the majority,
yes more than the majority—in having the
Government of the country in its practical
operations purged of abuses; and it is with
regret that I have heard alieady this morning
appeals, adroitly if not expressly made, to par-
tisan feelings upon this subject. Why, sir, I
trust that honesty is not the privilege of any
party in particular. I believe the great bulk
of the American people in both parties are
honest; and a recent signal demonstration in
the greatest city of this country proves, if any
man doubted it, that even in the party to which
I belong, so much the object of suspicion and
of accusation from too many of our opponents
in the majority party of this country, there is
public virtue enough upon a proper occasion
to deal solemn and severe justice upon its own
offenders.
It is not now, of all times that have ever
been, it seems to me, when as a matter of
judgment, to say nothing of public dutv, any
objection should be interposed to giving to
such a committee as is now presented for our
consideration every parliamentary, proper,
and legal means for being efficient and useful
in the great public interests which are involved.
Mr. SCHtJRZ. Mr. President, this debate
it seems has now passed into its second phase.
It originated on the proposition of the Senator
from Illinois to revive the old joint Committee
on Retrenchment. It was then objected that
all the business which formerly was transacted
before that committee, all the investigations
which were conducted by it, might be properly
referred to the various sta,nding committees of
the Senate ; and in fact one Senator went so
far as to intimate that the Committee on Re-
trenchment was composed of ignoramuses, who
did not understand anything of the business
of the different branches of the service, and
that it was far better, in fact the only way to
obtain satisfactory results, to put everything
into the hands of the standing committees.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask whether that was
in caucus or in the Senate?
Mr. SCHUBZ. I think it was here.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator is mis-
taken. _ I object to his bringing our caucus
discussions into the Senate.
Mr. SCHUBZ. I am sure the Senator used
similar expressions in the Senate. At any
rate, he seems to have recovered from that
impression, for at the present moment it
appears to be conceded on all hands that the
creation of a new committee, a committee to
be organized distinctly for the purpose of
carrying on these investigations, is eminently
proper and unobjectionable. If I understand
the Senator from Michigan, he himself agrees
to that proposition. The only point upon
which we now differ is as to whether the new
committee is to have the same powers which
made the old committee as eminently useful
as the Senate and the country know it to have
been. What we are discussing here is by no
means a new proposition. It is at least five
years old.
I do not think there is a Senator on this
floor, unless he became a member of this body
during this Congress, who has not at least
once voted for the powers formerly conferred
on the Committee on Retrenchment, and I
have yet to hear of the first objection that was
made to the practice. It was done by gen-
eral consent; it was considered a matter of
eminent propriety. I have never heard a
single complaint of the abuse of this power
except in one single instance, and that was,
unless I am greatly mistaken, by the Senator
from New York [Mr. Coxkling] when the
committee brought in its last report on the
New York custom-house.
Well, sir, this Committee on Retrenchment,
with such powers, was organized five years
ago. What was the occasion for its organiza-
tion, and why were such discretionary powers
conferred upon it? The Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Edmunds] stated that at that time
the civil service of the United States was in
a very demoralized condition. I take it for
granted that was the reason, and no other, for
certainly I cannot imagine that the Senate
would have organized a committee like this
actuated by mere motives of political hostility
to the Administration. But if it was organ-
ized for the purpose of ferreting out abuses
connected with the public service, then I think
if the reason was good then the reason would
be good now, unless the character of the civil
service has changed so immensely as to make
what was very imperfect thenvery perfect now.
The Senator from Vermont has told us that
great improvements have taken place. 1 have
no doubt of it. I think in course of time all
things are bound to improve, and yet 1 doubt
whether there is a single Senator on this floor
who would undertake to assert, that the civil
service of the United States is to-day as per-
fect as it ought to be or as it might be. Nay,
sir, if you search the history of this country
you cannot point out to me four consecutive
months during which so many embezzlements
and defalcations have come to light as have
been laid bare to the public eye during the
last three or four months. If I am mistaken,
I shall be glad to be corrected. A great many
of these frauds, embezzlements, and defalca-
tions were not discovered by diligent inquiry
or investigation, but by something like acci-
dent; we simply stumbled over them, and
there they are. So it would seem that as to
the condition of the civil service, however
much it may have improved, yet it is not so
perfect at this time that a measure which was
