40
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 2,
Ho. op Reps.
Educational Fund—Mr. Bright.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Now we have the figure cmt so that we can
lift the mask, let us inquire where the Gov-
ernment is to get this large interest fund which
it proposes to lavish with royal munificence
upon the nation's children? By taxation
alone. See tlie delusion. The Government
takes one half the net proceeds of the public
lands, with them pays its own bonded debt,
gets possession of its own bonds so paid, and
then promises to pay the five per cent, interest
for educational purposes, and it must tax the
people to get this interest. This is but an artful
device of the Government to tax the people for
the support of a national system of education.
The people must not only pay the five per
cent, tax, but they must pay the expense of
collecting it, which would add one fouth the
amount, and make the true amount of the tax
six and one quarter cents.
The Government with equal propriety might
promise to pay five per cent, on our old revo-
lutionary bonds, which lie dead and canceled
in the public archives, as to promise to pay
five per cent, on its existing bonds after they
have been oncepaid and extinguished. In time,
one half the proceeds of the sales of the pub-
lic lands which the bill proposes to distribute
to the States and Territories will be exhausted
by the failure of the lands. After the lands
are exhausted, then the Government will have
no educational resources, except the anoma-
lous interest on the defunct bonds which have
been purchased in with the other half of the
land funds.
Then the school fund scheme resolves itself
into a system of unmitigated taxation for its sup-
port by the General Government. It is con-
ceded as a general legal proposition that the
power of the Government to tax carries with
it the correlative power to control the persons
or things taxed. This being so, by passing
this bill, and its acceptance by the States, the
States would surrender the educational control
of all their children from six to sixteen to the
Federal Government. By taking the children
who may be said to be population of the States
in the mucilage form, they might be worked
into a sort of educational protoplasm, as the
scientist would say, and give life to a nascent
imperial dynasty. The States might thus be
stripped of their constitutions and rights of
self-government as useless incumbrances. If
the right to tax be granted, and the right to
educate be assumed, then the right to furnish
the educators would be asserted. A national
bureau of education established in Washing-
ton would send its branches through all the
States, supervising and employing all the
teachers in the normal and common schools
of the country. National teachers would,
perhaps, soon fill the school-houses in the
States, " as the Egyptian mice invaded at Pel-
lusitim the bowstrings and shield straps of the
Assyrian army." The bill is nothing but a
delusion, but the antitype of Jacob's voice
with Esau's hands. While it is blatant with
mock generosity, it comes with a bribe to lib-
erty in one hand and a disguised tax in the
other. While it asks the State to give it back
to the burden of taxation, its liberty to a yoke,
it would sacrilegiously entwine the garlands
of education upon the brow of the children of
the States, as ornaments for victims to be
offered upon the altar of an imperialized Gov-
ernment.
Let us not be told that the State may escape
the operation of the bill by refusing its terms.
It might refuse its quota of money, the golden
key which is intended to open all the school-
houses of the States to the General Govern-
ment; but it could not reject the tax. If the
quota should be refused, it would pass into the
general educational fund for distribution among
the other States, so the recusant State would
be taxed for the support of education in the
other State,-j. Thus the bill presses the State
hard between two horns: one demanding a
partnership control of the children in the
State; the other, on refusal, is taxation for
the support of education in the other States.
How inequitable, unjust, and unconstitutional I
The public lands are the trust property of all
the States. If one half are to be sold, and
the proceeds distributed among the States,
why should the State be required to give up
any of its essential rights as a condition-
precedentto participation in the funds? Sup-
pose that any of the States should have
been war-ridden, plunder-ridden, and tax-rid-
den to bankruptcy, so that if they were so
disposed they could not obligate themselves
to educate all their children, white and col-
ored, from six to sixteen, according to the terms
of the bill, yet their failure would work a for-
feiture of their shares to and inure to the bene-
fit of the other States. Few, if any, of the
southern States would be able or willing at
once to take such enormous obligations upon
them. If they even attempted it and failed,
their failure would be a forfeiture of their
shares for educational purposes to the other
States.
The receipts from the annual sales of public
lands now amount to only about one million
or one million five hundred thousand dollars.
Only one half of this sum, with the five per
cent, interest on the other half, would be dis-
tributed among the States. The apportion-
ment to Tennessee probably would not ex-
ceed $35,000. This Bum, divided among the
ninety-one counties in the State, would give
only about four hundred and twenty-five dol-
lars to each, and this, subdivided among the
school districts, would give only about fifteen
dollars to each district, which would not be
sufficient to have a school taught in the dis-
trict a single month. To provide for a system
of common schools in Tennessee, as contem-
plated by the bill, it would require a coer-
cive tax by the State of more than one million
dollars, in addition to the income on its pres-
ent school fund and the delusive fund tendered
by the General Government.
Tennessee needs and earnestly desires an
ample educational fund. But I do not believe
that she is prepared to purchase it at the price
of her liberty to regulate the education of her
children by her own laws. I do not believe
that she is willing to enter into a league by
which she places her children in educational
vassalage to the General Government, and at
the same time to subject herself to the taxing
powers of the General Government for edu-
cation in the other States, as well as for
education within her own borders. I believe
that she is willing to trust her sister States with
the education of their own children, while
she will claim an equal privilege for herself.
Then strike out the obnoxious conditions of
the bill, apportion the proceeds of the sales
of the public_ lands among the States, with
equal reservations for new States, in trust for
educational purposes or common schools, and
I shall cheerfully support it. I believe that
Tennessee would accept, wisely improve, faith-
fully apply, and sacredly preserve such a fund.
But should this bill be passed in its present
form it will have all the States entangled in an
educational alliance, distrustful of the stabil-
ity of the scheme, complicated and distracted
with the political elements of bonds, banks,
tariffs, and sectional jealousies, and subject to
the domination of an imperializing Congress.
I now pass to the consideration of the bill
which I have proposed as a substitute for the
committee's bill. Should the committee's bill
be relieved of its objectionable features, then
I would propose my bill as an amendment
rather than a substitute. This bill I have pre-
pared in pursuance of a memorial of the last
session of the Legislature of Tennessee to Con-
gress. It proposes the grant of one million
acres of public lands to each State for the
endowment of a university in each State. The
bill is drawn so as to avoid any constitutional
objections, and in conformity with former
grants of public lands to the States for educa-
tional purposes. The bill is as follows:
A bill granting public lanjls for the endowment of
a university in each State.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America, in Congress
assembled, That there be granted to each of the
States now composing the United States, and to
each new State as it shall he admitted into tho
Union of the United States, for the purposes here-
inafter mentioned, one million acres of public land:
Provided, That no mineral lands shall bo granted or
selected under the provisions of this act.
Sec. 2. Thatthelandaforesaidshall bo surveyed for
apportionment to the several States in sections or
subdivisions of seotions not less than a quarter sec-
tion; and should there be pubiic iands in a State
subject to sale at private entry at $1 25 per acre,
the quantity of land to which such States shall be
entitled shall be selected from such lands within the
limits of such State; and the Secretary of the Inte-
rior is hereby directed to issue to each of the States
in which there may be no public lands, or in which
.there may not be the quantity of public lands
subject to sale at private entry at $1 25 per acre
to which the State may be entitled under the pro-
visions of this act, land scrip to the amount of the
deficiency of its quota, said scrip to be sold by said
States and the proceeds thereof applied to the uses
and purposes of this act, and for no other purposes
whatever: Provided. That no State shall be per-
mitted to locate said scrip within the limits of any
other State or Territory, but their assignees may
locate the same on any of the unappropriated lands
of the United States subject to sale at private entry
at $1 25 per acre or less.
Sec. 3. That all the expenses of management and
taxes, from ihe date ol the selection of said lands,
previous to their sales, and all expenses incurred in
the management and disbursement of the moneys
which may be received therefrom, shall be paid by
the States to which they belong, out of the treasury
of said States, so that the entire proceeds of the sales
of said lands shall be applied, without any diminu-
tion, to the purposes hereinafter mentioned.
Sec. 4. That all moneys derived from the sale of
the land or scrip aforesaid by the States shall bo
invested in such stocks or securities by the States
as will yield the largest amount of interest consist-
ent with the security of the fund, and the fund so
invested shall constitute a perpetual tund.the capi-
tal of which shall remain forever undiminished, and
the interest of which shall be inviolably appropri-
ated by each State which may accept the benefit of
this act to tho founding, endowment, and main-
tenance of one State university within the limits of
such State, for the teaching of all branches of learn-
ing usually taught in universities: Provided, That
each newState, as it may be admitted into theunion
of the United States, shall be entitled to all the bene-
fits and subject to all the conditions of this act.
It is not designed by the introduction of this
bill to place the university in antagonism to
the common school. On the contrary, they
will be found to be harmonious and Coopera-
tive. After the proposed endowment of the
universities, there would remain more than
five hundred million acres of our public do-
main which might be lavished oil common
schools. All the traditions of our Government
inculcate the superlative importance of the
education of the masses of our population.
The university will furnish a thousand facili-
ties to one impediment to this great object.
Its influence is diffusive, not centralizing.
While all our citizens could not receive a uni-
versity education, yet it should be made as
liberal and accommodating to the greatest
number.
There can be no monopoly of learning. The
present age is but a pensioner on the learning
of the past. We look to the Jews for religion,
to the Greeks for literature, and to the Romans
for law. These, like mighty streams, have
swept over and through the wrecks of empires
and have united and emptied their confluent
volume upon the presentage.
The universities first heralded the revival
of letters in the medasval ages of Europe, and
gilded European civilization like morning
upon the mountains. It is impossible to meas-
ure the influence of the venerable universities
of Paris, Bologna, Salerno, Vienna, Bfeidel-
burg, Copenhagen, Upsala, Basle, Zurich, Sal-
amanca, Oxford, Cambridge, Edinburg, Dub-
lin ; and on this side of the Atlantic, Har-
