1884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
agent may enter for the soldier. There are a
great many crippled soldiers over the country
and a great many organizations of soldiers who
are organizing bodies for the purpose of going
and settling on the land. This provision is
put in to avoid the requirement that each man
shall go himself for the first six months. That
time is given for the purpose of entry, and we
provide that the parties may send an agent to
enter, which applies to the six months, and
after that each man is required to settle and
cultivate himself. The agent provision only
applies to the entry and not to settlement or
cultivation. The man is required actually to
settle and cultivate the land and carry out all
the other provisions of the homestead act.
These are all the changes that the bill makes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I inquire of
She honorable Senator whether he understands
this to apply to persons who served in the late
rebellion, or whether it applies to all persons
who at any time enlisted in the military or
naval service of the United States?
Mr. LOGAN. It applies to the recent
rebellion, to all soldiers, sailors, and marines
who served in the recent rebellion in behalf
of the Government.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the bill
say that ?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes; oil the fourth line of
the first section the Senator will find the words
"during the recent rebellion."
Mr. POMEROY. The soldiers of 1812 have
had their land warrants.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. So far as that
principle is involved in the bill I make no
question about it; but it seems to me there is
very great difficulty in that provision of the
bill to which our attention has been drawn by
the Senator which allows agents or attorneys
or guardians of minor children to make en-
tries. It seems to me that it is liable to very
great abuse unless it has been protected with
great care. Of course J do not like to inter-
pose an objection with the information I have
on the subject, but at the same time dealing
with the public lands is a question of so much
delicacy and importance that, in the morning
hour, I hardly think a bill which is not patent
upon the face of it, ought to be expected to
pass without a very thorough consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the tariff bill is before
the Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. I merely wish to make a
remark. I havo called the bill up several
times; the first time merely that the attention
of the Senate might be directed to it, so that
they might read and examine the bill for the
purpose of satisfying themselves. If they do
so, they will find that it is a carefully guarded
bill, that it has been examined by the com-
mittee in consultation with the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, and if the prin-
ciple is agreed to, I do not think the details
of the bill can be objected to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I dare say it is
my fault, at any rate it 13 not the fault of the
Senator from Illinois, that my attention had
not been called to it. I only say that my atten-
tion had not been called to it, and I do not feel
sufficiently informed in regard to it to have an
opinion.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask permission to say a
single word on the homestead bill. It seems
to me very important.
Mr. CORBETT. I have the floor, I believe.
The "V ICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota has the floor at present. The tariff
bill is before the Senate.
Mr. CORBETT. I believe I had the floor
at the close of the session yesterday.
Mr. WINDOM. I hope the Senator from
Oregon will allow me to state a reason why
this bill ought to be acted on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Oregon has the floor on the tariff bill if
he claims it.
Mr. CORBETT. If the Senator wishes to
speak on the soldiers' bill, I yield.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask unanimous consent
to lay aside the tariff bill informally for fifteen
minutes,- that we may dispose of the soldiers'
homestead bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, I object to that. I
have no objection to the Senator from Minne-
sota saying what he desires to say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota has unanimous consent to
make a statement.
Mr. WINDOM. I know that there are col-
onies of soldiers being formed, numbering
nearly five thousand, who desire to make their
arrangements early this spring to go upon their
homesteads, and unless the Senate act upon
the bill very soon there will not be time for
them to do so and take their homesteads this
spring. I think if the Senate will take a few
moments to examine the bill they will find no
objection to it. I have taken a good deal of
interest hi this matter, because I have received
alarge number of petitions on the subject. I
know that the bill represents the wishes of a
majority of the soldiers of this country. Peti-
tions from between three and four huudred
thousand soldiers have been presented here
asking the passage of this precise bill, and it
does seem to me that the Senate might afford
to devote five or ten minutes to its discussion
this morning, in order that these soldiers may
have the benefit of homesteads. I know the
disposition of the public lands is a matter of
importance, and I have carefully considered
it; and when we are asked to give them to the
defenders of our country we ought to be will-
ing to devote a few minutes to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas asks that fifteen minutes be given
to consider this bill, after which the tariff bill
shall come up. Is there objection ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I deem it mv duty to
object to that. As I objected to this bill the
other day, I desire to say now that I have no
further objection to it if itis properly guarded
on certain points. I think the Senators will
expedite it by letting it go over so that the
Senator from Maine may look at it.
Mr. POMEROY. A single remark. The
Committee on Public Lands 
Mr. CORBETT. I am willing, so far as I
am concerned, to lot the tariff bill be passed
over informally.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio objects to that.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the Senator allow me
to test tho sense of the Senate by moving to
lay the tariff bill on the table ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust not. The Sena-
tor can call this bill up at some other time.
Mr. WINDOM. We never have time to
discuss it during the morning hour.
_ Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection to
yielding for the purpose of testing the sense
of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Oregon yields to the Senator from Min-
nesota, who moves to lay the tariff bill 011 the
table.
Mr. CORBETT. For fifteen minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no such
motion as laying a bill 011 the table for fifteen
minutes.
Mr. CORBETT. I shall object to laying it
on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If thehomestead
bill should be debated over fifteen minutes or
any other unreasonable length of time, any
Senator can move to lay it 011 the table and
again take up the tariff bill.
Mr. CORBETT. I prefer not to do that.
Mr. WINDOM. I think the Senator from
Oregon will be willing to waive his speech for
half an hour for the benefit of soldiers of this
country.
Mr. CORBETT. I will, certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
unknown to the rules.
Mr. SHERMAN. The soldiers' bill will
pass in a little while any day.
Mr. WINDOM. Never, unless we cau get
a chance for it.
Mr. POMEROY. This is the third time it
has been up.
Mr. WINDOM. It has been reported more
than a month, and on the Calendar, and it has
been objected to two or three times. I think
it is quite as important as the taiiff bill at
present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota moves that the tariff bill lie on the
table.
Mr. WINDOM. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. The soldiers' bill will
pass in good time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable. It is moved that the tariff bill
lie on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Is this motion to lay
the tariff bill on the table?
The VICE PRESIDENT._ To lay on the
table; that is the only motion of the kind
known to the eleventh rule; but the Senator
from Minnesota indicated that after some time
spent on the soldiers' bill he would not object
to have it laid on the table for tho purpose of
resuming the tariff bill, but that depends on a
vote. It will require a vote of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I am willing to have the
soldiers' bill heard and voted, and I will vote
for the motion for that purpose; but if the
tariff bill is to be carried permanently on the
table, I should vote against the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it be laid on
the table it will lie there until the Senate shall
resume the consideration of the tariff bill,
which they can do by a vote at any time.
Mr. CASSERLY. After the explanation
made by the President, I have no objection to
this motion, and will vote for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays-,
resulted—yeas 37, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Blair, Boreman,
Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Chandler.
Cooper, Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Fre-
linghuysen, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Hitchcock.
Johnston. Kelly, Logan, Morton, Osborn, i'omo-
roy, Pool, Pratt. Ramsey, It ice, Sauls'oury, Saw-
yer, Schurz, Spencer, Stevenson, Stewart, Stock-
ton, Sumner, Trumbull, and Windom—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Cole, Gilbert, Hamilton of Man -
land, Hamlin, Hill, Morrill of Maine, Robertson.
Scott, Sherman, and Vickers—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Brownlow.
Buckingham, Clayton, Conkling, Cragin, Davis of
Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, ienton, Ferry-
pi Connecticut, Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Howe, Kel-
logg, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Nye,
Patterson. Sprague, Thurman, Tipton. West, Wil-
son, and Wright—1&.
So the motion was agreed to; and the tariff
bill was laid ou the table,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota now moves that the Senate
resume the consideration of the soldiers'
homestead bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Logax] was entitled to the
floor at the expiration of tho morning hoiu.
Mr. LOGAN. I have no disposition to
discuss the bill at all unless some Senator
desires to ask me a question in reference to
some narticnlar portion of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Senator
from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] rose for that
purpose at the close of the morning hour.
Mr. STEWART. I rise to sav one word
I do not want to discuss the bill either. I in-
tend to vote for the bill for the reason that it
has the one saving provision in it, that then
shall be actual settlement upon the land^, no
S£n^-i an<^ ^ k°Pe the Senate will understand
that if amendments are proposed to this bill
s° as to avoid that settlement, they will open
the flood-gates at once. If that is not done
