988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE}.
February 13,
scarcely live on the amount provided in the
bill, $1,500 a year. Three hundred dollars
taken from their salaries is a great deal taken
from them, and not very much saved to the
Government- It seems to me it would be a
hardship, and I put it upon that ground, that
it is a hardship to cut salaries down in this
way, and I hope it will not be done.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I rise barely
to confirm what has been said by the Senator
from Indiana. I have had some knowledge
of the members of this police force, and so far
as I have observed they are not only worthy
of this compensation, but instead of reducing
it, I should be in favor of an iucrease. I speak
especially of one from my own State; and I
can say of him all that was said by the Sen-
ator from Indiana of the one from his State.
He served in the Union Army and lost an arm
in that service. Ceriainly men who have
served so faithfully in that branch of the Gov-
ernment ought to be regarded in this respect
and not made especially the object of a reduc-
tion of pay. I shall therefore vote against the
amendment reported by the committee.
Mr. COLE. I am unable to ascertain by
what rule the Douse fixed the salaries oi these
officers at the precise figuies they sent to us.
The estimates are in accordance with the rec-
ommendations of the Senate committee, and I
find that the appropriations in the appropri-
• ation bill of 1871 were the same as those now
recommended by the Committee on Appro-
priations. I am therefore at a loss to know
by what rule the salaries were raised. I do not
know what reason was presented for it any
further than it is presented by Senators here
to-day. There was no estimate for these sal-
aries beyond the amount recommended by the
amendment of the Senate committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Before the
vote is taken I beg to ask the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations a question.
These policemen, I suppose, are 111 effect
watchmen. I should like to ask the chairman
what watchmen receive at the Treasury Depart-
ment and other Departments of the Govern-
ment? They arc called police here.
Mr. COLE. Some receive $720; some
$900. There are different rates of pay.
Mr. MORTON. They are a very different
class of men.
Mr. COLE. There are watchmen provided
for in this hill with a salary of $1,000—eight
watchmen in addition to these policemen. I
can see no reason why these salaries should
be increased. The recommendation of the
Committee on Appropriations is in accordance
-with the appropriations made in former years,
and the proposition now made is virtually to
increase these salaries. 1 hope the recom-
mendation of the committee will be sustained.
The PRES1DINGOFFICER. Thequestion
is on the lecommendation of the committee
reducing the compensation of these officers.
The question being put; there were, on a
division—ayes ten.
Mr. COLE. I would call for the yeas and
nays, but I see that a quorum is not present,
and I do not want to break up the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. You can take another
vote upon it in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no fur-
ther count is demanded, the amendment is
rejected.
Mr. COLE. I do not insist on a further
count.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The other
amendments in this clause in regard to the
Capitol police will be considered as falling
with the amendment just ac'ed upon.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 7, after the appro-
priation for the salary ot the Sergeunt-at Arms
of the House of Representatives, to add the
following proviso:
J'ruvided, That hereafter be shall receive, directly
or indirectly, no fees or other compensation or emol-
ument whatever for performing the duties of the
office, or in co*nection therewith, otherwise than as
aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 7. lines
one hundred and forty-eight and one hundred
and forty-nine, to strike out. the clause "pay-
ing teller for the Sergeant-at-Arins, $1,800."
Mr. COLE. Let that be passed over for
the present. A resolution was brought to me
a short time ago from the House of Repre-
sentatives showing that that had been pro-
vided for by them. I do not see the Senator
liere now who showed it to me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be passed over for the present.
The next amendment was on page 7, line
one hundred and fifty-five, after the word
"eighty" to insert the word "eight," so as to
make the salary of the first assistant postmas-
ter of the House of Representatives $2,088.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 8, line
one hundred and seventy, to reduce the total
appropriation for " compensation of officers,
clerks, messengers, and others receiving an
annual salary in the service of the House of
Representatives," from "$151,311 60" to
"$149,510 GO."
Mr. COLE. I think that computation is
not exactly correct, and I propose to amend
the amendment by striking out "five hundred
and nineteen" and inserting "four hundred
and ninety-one."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was on page 8, line
one hundred and seventy-four, in the appro-
priation for contingent expenses of the House
of Representatives, to strike out the following
proviso:
Provided, That hereafter all expenditures under
this head shall be nude up to the end of each fiscal
year, aud reported as by the other Departments.
Mr. COLE. That is put in at a later stage
of the bill, and made to apply to both the Sen-
ate and the House.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 8, to
strike out lines one hundred and eighty-one
and one hundred and eighty-two, "for mes-
senger to the Committee on Appropriations,
§1,311."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 8, to
strike out lines one hundred and eighty three
and one hundred and eighty-four, "for mes-
senger to the Committee of Ways and Means,
$1,311."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next" amendment was on page 9, line
one hundred and ninety-one, to strike out
"seventeen" and insert "ten," so as to make
the appropriation for furniture and repairs
of the House of Representatives $10,400.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 9, after
line two hundred and five, to insert the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That hereafter all expenditures of the
Senate and Ilouse of Kepresentativcs shall he made
up to the end of each fiscal year, and be reported to
Congress at the commencement of each session.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next, amendment was on page 10, line
two hundred and twenty-two, to strike out
"three thousand" and insert "two thousand
five hundred," so as to make the appropria-
tion for contingent, expenses of the office of
the Congressional Printer $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 13, line
two hundred and ninety, to strike out "$720"
and insert "$1,080," as the compensation for
the assistant doorkeeper at the President's
house.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 13, lines
two hundred and ninety-five and two hundred
and ninety-six, to reduce the appropriation
for watchman in Franklin square from $720 to
$510.
Mr. COLE. I will state that this amend-
ment is made for the purpose of having uni-
formity and preventing the complaints of
those who draw less salary than the person
who has charge of that square, and in order
that we might avoid any invidious distinction
between persons performing the same service.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 13, lines
three hundred and seven and three_ hundred
and eight, to reduce the appropriation for a
watchman at Lafayette square from $720 to
$510.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 13, after
line three hundred and eight, to insert:
For watchman. for circle at intersection <>f_Penn-
sylvania avenuo and Twenty-fourth street.
For watchman tor Circle at intersection of Massa-
chusetts and Vermont avenues, J.iiO.
For contingent and incidental expenses, §2,000.
The amendment was agtecd to.
The next amendment was on page 11, litie
three hundred and twenty-three, in the clause
making appiopriations for the Executive, after
the word " Secictary," to insert " $3,500;"
and in line thiee hundred and twenty-five,
after the word "writer," to insert "$2.50 0;''
and in line three hundred and twenty nine,
after the words " United States," to insert
"in all;" so that the clause will read:
For compensation to thePrivate Secretary, $3,500;
assistant secretary, (who shall be a shnrt-han>i
writer,) $2,500; two executive clerks at S2.7X) e.ieh ;
steward at $2,000, and messenger at $1,'20'), of the
President of the United States; in all, S13,60U.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 15, line
three hundred and thirty-seven, after the word
"additional " to insert the word " compensa-
tion."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 15, line
three hundred and fifty-one, to strike out the
word " repairs."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. After line three hundred and
forty-four, I give notice now that when the
bill comes into the Senate I shall offer the
following proviso:
Provided, That all laws requiring the publication
of the laws and treaties in newspapers are hereby
repealed.
I think the committee by some oversight
failed to embody that in the bill as it is printed.
I think it was agreed upon in committee.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope that question will
not be laised now. The Senate is thin. I
have heretofore opposed a similar proposition.
If the Senator will withhold it until there is a
full Senate, I shall be obliged to him.
Mr. COLE. I am quite willing to let it go
over until the bill comes into the Senate and
the Senate is fuller.
Mr. POMEROY. We discussed that sub-
ject at great length last year, and we'finally
modified the law. The law is not now as it
was formerly. Formerly they published route
bills and every act that passed Congress. Now
they only publish the general laws, and that,
I think, the committee at least ought to a'.low
to remain. It was a compromise (fleeted last
year, and I do not think it should be distiii bed
now. 1 think the committee did wisely it they
did not put that amendment in. 1 understand
the Senator to say that they did not put it in
the primed amendments.
Jlr. COLE. The committee failed to make
an appropriation for publishing the laws in the
nevvspapeis, and it was intended to emboli) the
pioviso in the bill, if my recollection serves me,
to abolish the law requiring their puuhcation.
The Senator is entire!} right in stating that the
law was modified last year, and only laws of
