92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Deccmbor 13,
ofice considered eminently conducive to the
public good in ferreting out abuses and wrongs
can be cast aside now as entirely useless.
• I have already admitted that in some respects
matters had improved, and yet there are some
things which certainly would demonstrate to
the common sense of every one of us, to the
common sense of the country, that close, fear-
less, unbiased investigation would not only be
very desirable, but that it is absolutely neces-
sary; and in order to give, you an illustration
of this fact, I will simply refer to the results of
one of the inquiries conducted by the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment, embodied in its last
report.
It has been stated that subjects might be
referred singly by the Senate to the Commit-
tee on Retrenchment, instead of endowing that
committee wiili broad powers so as to enable
it to initiate investigations of its own motion.
The Senator from New Hampshire, I believe,
has already called the attention of the Senate
to the fact that some of the most useful investi-
gations were commenced and conducted by
that committee at its own discretion ; now and
then their attention being called to existing
abuses by the heads of Departments, and some-
times they themselves obtaining important in-
formation in other wa^s and then acting upon
it. This was the ease with the smuggling
practices on the Panama transit route, and,
unless I am greatly mistaken, so it v.-as with
the investigations concerning the postal con-
tracts in Texas, in both of which cases very
large sums of money were saved to the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
It so happened that the existence of the
Committee on Retrenchment was cut off im-
mediately after a very important investigation
which it was conducting—I mean an investiga-
tion concerning abuses prevailing in the New
York custom-house, especially one commonly
called the "general-order'' business; and I
speak of this merely in order to give you an
instance which will demonstrate to you not
only how proper, but how eminently necessary
it is, that a committee like that proposed by
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.]
invested with large powers, should exist, i
doubt whether all the Senators know what the
"general-order" business in New York is. j
I have no doubt the Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Chandler] knows it; but inasmuch as
we have not all had the advantages of a mer-
cantile education, it may be that the rest of us
are entirely ignorant of the subject. Although
the Senator from Michigan asserted that only
those who were brought up in a certain way of
education could know something about it, yet
I takegreat pleasure in reading a very luminous
statement irom the report submitted by the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Patter-
son,] who I believe was brought up a man of
letters and not a merchant:
" A brief explanation may conduce to an under-
standing of what is known as the ' general-order'
business"—
I am reading from the report of the Senator
from New Hampshire:
"After a vessel is entered at the custom-house ,1
certain timo is allowed to consignees in which to pay
their duties and take possession of their goods. At
the expiration of that time a general order is given
by the collector of the port to discharge the cargo,
and all merchandise remaining on board is landed
and delivered into the custody of the custom-house
oflicials, Goods discharged under this order are
asi- seneral-order goods.' Under the law of
1(99 the time allowed was five days. In 1854 it was
reduced to three days, and in 1861 to one day. Under
the ruling ot the then Secretary of the Treasury,
Hon. S. P, Chase, the law of 1861 was interpreted to
i!?,Vrs,£(>m the time of entry, and
th at construction stil 1 obtains. Prior to 1854 the time
Si,?T« iSif7° #>?ple opportunity to
pay his duties and take his goods, so that rerv little
was lett to be discharged under general order and
the boverinnent itselt conducted what little there
was ot the general-order business. As.however the
use ot steam vessels increased and business began to
be conducted in a inoro rapid manner, thelMig delay
was iound too great a burden upon ship-owners,and
the law of 18o4 not only reduced the timo for the
discharge of steamers, but provided that in case a
contract was made for immediate delivery the col-
lector might take possession of the merchandise at
once. To steamship lines which have regular days
of departure this is a matter of no small import-
ance, especially in winter, when an unusually long
voyage makes it necessary to discharge and load
with the utmost expedition in order to sail at the
appointed time.
"To facilitate their business the steamship lines
landing at Hoboken and Jersey City built ware-
houses upon their wharves, which were placed under
the supervision and control of United States custom-
house officers. Immediately on the arrival of a
steamship its cargo was discharged into these ware-
bouses without going from under cover, and stored
for forty-eight hours without expense to the con-
signees. By this arrangement the interests of the
Government were as fully protected as if ihe goods
had remained on board the vessel, and the steam-
ship company saved two days' time without any in-
convenience totho merchants. This practice existed
for many years to the satisfaction ot all parties, so
far as the committee have been able to learn, but on
the 1st day of February, 1870, the collector of the
port ordered that all goods discharged under general
order should be sent to general-order stores m New
Vork under the control of private parties, where
they are charged a month's storage, although re-
moved by the owners instantly ou their arrival. I
" This entails a heavy expense for cartage andstor- !
age, averaging, according to the testimony, about !
one dollar and seventy-five cents on every package, 1
large or small, and the goods are subjected to the j
danger of theft and damage during transit from the I
vessel to the storehouse. These charges are paid-by !
the steamship companies if the goods are removed j
from the general-order store within forty-eight ;
hou?s, but at the expense of the importers, through
increase rates of freight. All the general-order busi- j
ness heing done at two storehouses, they are very J
much crowded, which necessarily produces confusion j
and delay, to the great inconvenience of the mer- I
chants. The committee have been able to discover |
no advantage resulting from the change to any one, I
except parties controlling the general-order busi- i
ness. |
" The reasons given by the collector for taking the I
general-order goods away from the Jersey City and !
Hoboken stores were, that they were unsafe, and !
that losses resulted therefrom both to the merchants j
and to the Government; that they were also used for j
bonded goods, and that the steamship companies or 1
their agents were themselves importers, having their I
own goods in those stores. j
"All these charges have been investigated by j
agents of the Treasury Department and by the com- '>
mittee, and both the committee and the Treasury I
agents were satisfied that they could not be sup- j
ported by evidence. They could learn of but two i
instances of los3 from these storehouses, both occur- I
ring some years ago, and no evidence was presented i
showing that there had been any smuggling from '
them. One merchant testified that 'during the past '•
ten years he has lost by theft from warchousesin the i
city of IS ew York about forty thousand dollars, ,
without recognized liability on the part of any one; i
whereas at the Cunard and Hoboken warehouses he 1
has never lost one dollar/ Other merchants testify ,
to a similar experience. They also complain of 1
damage to their goods by being handled by inexpe-
rienced carmen, and of the heavy rates of insurance
they are compelled to pay on account of the exposed
,°f the present general-order stores.
While no single instance is shown of loss to the
(xovernment at the Hoboken or Jersey City stores,
the evidence gives conclusive proof that the general
order stores at New York havenot been equally free
irom irauds on the Government. In one instance,
u!ns r ? last summer, a large amount of goods was
abstracted from one of the general order stores in
JSew York, evidently by collusion with the owners,
in order to avoid the payment of duties, and their
P!\ce^fts supplied with similar cases filled with rub-
bish. ihe fraud was discovered, and the parties con-
tioiling the store fled to avoid arrest, and the Gov-
ernment ordered the store to be closed.
.Che committee have sought to learn fully the
merits and demerits of the present system, as com-
pared with those of the one which itsuperseded, and
oi 91hers which have been proposed, in order to
devise, 11 possible, a more satisfactory one/'
Even the Senator from Michigan will admit
that this is an exceedingly clear statement
of the case, although not one of those who
investigated the matter was a merchant. Still
they seem to have acquired some knowledge
about it.
Mr FRELINGHUYSFN. Will my friend
from Missouri allow me to ask him a ques-
tion ? ^
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Did that com-
mittee, after all its investigations, report to the
senate and recommend to the Senate anything
more than a change of the laws regulating the
customs at New York? Did they report any
defaulters, any peculation, any defect in the
public service, or anything but simply a change
'i— j regulation of customs, and if so, will my
Senate ?6 S°0(i enong!'t0 read t,le rePort to the
Mr. SCHURZ. I shall gratify the Senator
even beyond his desires in that respect. I was
just going to show what kind of n picture the
committee exhibited to the country as to cer-
tain practices in the New York custom-house.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. if my friend
will permit me, my question did not refer to
pictures or to exhibitions to the country. I
ask the Senator if that committee did report
for action anything to the Senate excepting;!
change in the regulation of the customs, to be
good enough, being familiar with the report,
to read it.
Mr. SCHURZ. I desire to reply to the Sen-
ator that the point I was making was this, that
the committee through its investigations in
the New York custom-house had succeeded in
laying before the country facts which demon-
strate how eminently necessary it is thai there
should be some authority to look into those
cases independent of such control as is pro-
posed here. Tbat is the point I desired to
make, not whether the committee had reported
by bill or otherwise, but simply commenting
upon the state of facts which the committee
disclosed in this investigation.
Mr. PATTERSON. If the Senator from Mis-
souri will allow me, I will say in reply to the
Senator from New Jersey that the committee
were authorized to investigate certain thing*,
thegeneral order business among others. While
we were prosecuting our investigation upon
that and other subjects included m the reso-
lution offered by the Senator from New York
not now in his seat, [Mr. Fextox,] the e\i-
denee of great frauds in the custom-house was
brought to light. We reported directly on the
subjects included in the resolution, and then
recommended the appointment of a commit-
tee to take into consideration the revision
of the customs laws which might cover those
frauds which were brought to light.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If my friend
from Missouri will permit me, I should like to
get a specific answer to my question from tny
friend from New Hampshire, for I ask measur-
ably for information. I have looked over the
report,and I do not find that that committee
reported a single defalcation, that they rec-
ommended by their report the removal of a
single officer, but all they did was to recom-
mend a change in the regulation of our cus-
toms. Am I, or not, correct in supposing that
to be all that the committee reported to the
Senate ?
Mr. PATTERSON. If the Senator will do
us the honor to read the report he will find
that we report that there are chronic evils and
frauds in the custom-house at New York, and
we recommend that a committee be appointed
to revise the customs laws so that they shall
cover all these frauds and enable the Govern-
ment to root them up.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is the only
recommendation?
Mr. PATTERSON. That is the only rec-
ommendation.
Mr. SCHURZ. Now, Mr. President, I
have stated what the committee report in gen-
eral language about the general-order busi-
ness. i wish to point out also to the Senate
those parts of the testimony which support
the committee in its statements.
Here is the testimony of Mr. Alexander
1. Stewart, whose name is widely known in
the country. Mr. A. T. Stewart testifies about
the general order business as follows:
ii^0 Cunard stores and the Hoboken stores
u0ra ' business, if a steamer arrived
h ^ entryuu'd not be made at the cus-
w®' * OT13 eavo the importer.; torty-
ei0nt hours in which to mnke their entries. Thero
sets Iirri°v.f?tethr tilne' At Present, when ves-
i""!'11 at those stoics ordoeks, I have to rti.--
mikn l'm y on arr'val; no timo is given to
eooda are taken immediately
v 't 1 °nler store in the city of
1 cll,u's° 13 made for thia c.irtinre, owl,
stokLv storage for a month, nlrhouith th«
t"o re5}a-5 thero 0110 Tllis amounts
to an avuage of $1 aO a package, which is so muoii
