2780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
Mr. BAYARD. I submit an amendment
which was printed, and I desire now to offer it.
Mr. COLE. Let the bill be reported to the
Senate. , „ , .
Mr. BAYARD. If it can be offered in the
Senate, I have no desire to offer it now.
The VICE PRES [DENT. It can be offered
in the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. It is a proposition to ex-
tend the time for the appropriation for the
pier at Lewes, in Delaware—a mere extension
of time. If there can be an opportunity to
present it in the Senate, I do not care about
offering it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can-
not ruie upon it now; but it will be no worse
in the Senate than in Committee of the Whole.
It will have exactly the same rights.
Mr. BAYARD. Then I do not care to
offer it now.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have an amendment
pending. „
The VICE PRESIDENT. There was an
amendment pending ot the Senator from Ken-
tucky, which was reserved on account of his
illness. If the Senator desires to call it up
now, he can do so.
Mr. STEVENSON. If I can offer it m the
Senate I would prefer that, as I do not wish
to go on now.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole, and unless a sepa-
rate vote is demanded on some of the amend-
ments they will all be regarded as concurred in.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to reserve the amend-
ment which was adopted in relation to the
compensation of the Second Comptroller, on
page 14.
Mr. HARLAN. An amendment relating
to the Navajo Indians was adopted—I do not
remember the page it was on, which I wish
reserved.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to reserve the vote
on the amendment to the second section, about
the workmen at the Springfield armory.
Mr. ALCORN. I wish to reserve the mo-
tion I desired to make to strike out the words
"as shown by the record."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
proposes, then, to reserve the amendment
adopted on the motion of the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] for a separate vote.
Then it will be in order to concur- with the
amendment or without the amendment, or to
reject it.
Mr. BLAIR. "Will it be in order to call for
a vote on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Mokrill?]
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has just been
reserved at the suggestion of the Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. FJSNTON. I wish to reserve for a
separate vote the amendment to be found on
the twenty-seventh page, relating to the adjust-
ment of the accounts of F. W. demons.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole which
have not been reserved will be regarded as
concurred in.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have an amendment
upon which 1 desire to submit some remarks.
I am not prepared to go on now.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
in regard to the Kentucky claim ?
Mr. STEVENSON. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will come
up after voting on the reserved amendments.
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire to address the
Senate, but I am not prepared to go on to-
night, for I am not physically able to do so.
I now move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. COLE. I suggest to the Senator that
we might act on the amendments reserved.
The bill will be open for his amendment, and
for others after that.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have no objection
except that I am not able to go on to-night.
T desire to submit my remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
moves that the Senate adjourn, it is in order.
Mr. STEVENSON. I withdraw the motion
at the suggestion of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the first reserved amendment.
The Chief Clerk. The first reserved amend-
ment is that reserved by the Senator irom
Maine, [Mr. Hamlin.] The Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, struck out the fol-
lowing paragraph, from line three hundred
and twenty-four to line three hundred and
twenty-nine, inclusive*.
That the Secretary of tbe Treasury
hereby is, authorized to pay to tha
troiier additional compensation to
with that of the First Comptroller: Frovvied, ibat
with such additional compensation thl^pPrpit^l
tion for thy Second Comptroller s office ior the
present fiscal year shall not be exceeded.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to occupy
any time upon this. We have had it over and
over again. AH I wish to say is that if we
cannot pay back pensions I do not think we
ought to pay back civil salaries.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will not detain the Sen-
ate at any length ; yet I want to make a very
brief statement in relation to this matter. It
you will measure the compensation paid to the
Second Comptroller of the Treasury by the
value of the services he renders to the coun-
try, by the integrity of the man, by everything
that shall entitle him to the favor of the Gov-
ernment, you must come to the conclusion
that you should pay him a sum equal, at least,
to that which you pay the First Comptroller.
Both are good men, both excellent men; but
1 think the duties of the Second Comptroller,
perhaps, are more onerous, his labors more
severe, than those of the First Comptroller.
The compensation of the First Comptroller
was fixed in an appropriation bill precisely as
this is fixed. The House of Representatives
have agreed to this provision, and we have
put into another bill and sent to the House
an amendment which met this case in connec-
tion with others, and it has come back to us;
and now I think, from every consideration,
we had better concur in this provision of the
House bill. I sincerely hope the Senate will
do so.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senate will concur
in the amendment of the Committee of the
Whole in this case. It is provided that the
salary of the Second Comptroller shall be
made for the present fiscal year equal to that
of the First Comptroller. There is no law
fixing his salary at that, and I think no prop-
osition to put the salary at that sum ; but it
will make it very unsatisfactory, I think, to
adopt this amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment of the Com-
mittee ot the Whole.
Mr. BOREMAN. I should like to have
some explanation whether this is a permanent
increase of this salary or merely a temporary
allowance.
Mr. COLE. I think the salary will be in-
creased in all probability this year to $4,000,
to commence on the 1st of July, and there is
no disposition to go back and pay back sala-
ries or pay for salaries when they have not
been understood to be at that rate while the
service was being performed.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senator what he
means by going back?
Mr. COLE. This is for a salary not pro-
vided by law.
Mr. HAMLIN. This provides for it; and
to talk about going back has no application.
It is to fix the salary of the Second Comp-
troller at precisely what is now paid the First
Comptroller.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you want to go back
clear to the time when the salary of the First
'1 Comptroller was raised?
Mr. HAMLIN. No, it begins with this
yeMr. EDMUNDS. What year?
Mr. HAMLIN. The year this bill provides
Mr TRUMBULL. This is a deficiency bill.
Mr." HAMLIN. This is a deficiency bill.
You 'fixed the compensation of your First
Comptroller precisely in the same way.
Mr. COLE. I call attention to the par-
ticular language of this clause in the bill. It
is rather peculiar. I do not know who drew
it probably not the First Comptroller, because
he is called upon very frequently to construe
laws, and I rather think he would not have
drawn this in this language:
That the Secretary of tlic Treasury be and ho
hereby is, authorized to pay to the second Comp-
troller additional compensation to equalize his sal-
ary with that of the First Comptroller: Provided,
Toat with such additional compensation tne appro-
prnfcion for the fcecond Comptroller s ufiicoior the
present fiscal year shall not be exceeded.
Mr. EDMONDS. I never noticed that
before, because I was not in committee when
it was considered; but the effect of that will
be to entitle this gentleman to the difference
between what he now gets and what the First
Comptroller gets back to the time when you
passed the law in favor of the First Comptroller,
instead of giving him back pay only for this
year, you are giving him back pt\y lor half a
dozen years. . .
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not think that is the
fair construction of the language as it stands.
Still I hope the Senate will nega- ive the amend-
ment of the committee, and then let us put it into
language that shall have no ambiguitv about
it, and give the Second Comptroller this salary
commencing, if you please, at the 1st of Juiy
next, and not applicable to this year, though
it ought to be applicable to this year, in my
judgment. x
Mr. BOREMAN. It seems to me that this
clause is in very singular language. I do not
understand it exactly. I do not know whether
, it is intended to fix the salary of the Second
Comptroller from this time forth, or merely
to make him an allowance for this year.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 mean to fix his salary
permanently equal to that of tiie First Comp-
troller. That is what I mean precisely.
Mr. BOREMAN. I do not think the lan-
guage here effects that purpose.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then negative this amend-
ment and perfect the clause.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is just tbe way
that salaries are sometimes got up. Who
knows what the salary of the First Comptroller
is? Probably the Senator from Maine: I do
not.
Mr. HAMLIN. Five thousand dollars.
Mr. THUMBULL. He tells me now it is
$5,000. An appeal is made to the Senate in
favor of some officer who possesses peculiar
merits, has been a long time in service, and
the Senate is called upon out of sympathy to
the individual, to the incumbent, to increase
his salary. He has perhaps worked for thirty
years. Another officer, it will be said, has
passed millions of money through his hands,
and has been honest and faithful; and on
account of his peculiar services and great
abilities he should have an increase of salary.
Well, we vote it to him. What comes next 1
The next proposition is that the salary of
somebody else shall be the same as was given
to that person of peculiar excellence; and
that is the way you get the salaries up, and I
never knew the leveling process to act the
other way. Since I have been a member of
the Senate I have never known a case where
anybody has proposed that the salary of some-
body should be reduced.
Mr. SAWYER. I call the Senator's atten-
tion to the fact that the other day he made a
motion himself to reduce the salary of the
solicitor of internal revenue $1,000, and suc-
ceeded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not aware that I
