1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
taken from the pockets of the importers unneces-
sarily. Again, when goods so situated are in part
to be entered for consumption and in part for bond-
ing, the price paid for the bonded goods (that is
$1 75 per case, which is the charge of the parties
now having the general-order business) is so much
ruoney lost to the importer."
* * * * Ms*# ft * «
<sBy Senator Patterson:
" Question. What are the charges made by Leet &
Co. under the present system?
"Annoer. One dollar and fifty cents and SI 75 per
ease or bale.
" Question. Have they in any instance charged
more than that?
"An*wr. Yes, sir; two dollars.
" Question. Have you allowed this latter charge?
"Answer, No, sir.
" Question. Have they entered into an agreement
with you that in no instance the charge be more
than Si 75?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. What were the charges under Bixby &
Squire?
"Answer. Under Squire, SI 20 for the same ser-
vice; under Bixby, ninety cents.
" Question. Is there greater security in the ware-
houses now u^cd than in the warehouses at the Jer-
sey City and Ifoboken docks?
"Answer. No. On the contrary, the Cunard and
Hoboken stoics were considered more secure, beyond
all comparison. They were more safe, and we had
greater facilities in getting our goods. During the
past ten years, in warehouses in the city of New
York, wo have lost by theft about forty thousand
dollars, without recognized liability on the part of
any one. whereas at the Cunard and Hoboken ware-
houses we have never lost one dollar. There is
another trouble with the present general-order
stores. They being so crammed with goods, it is
difficult lo find, as speedily as desired, the cases
ordered for examination in the public store.
" Question. What effect does the present system of
general-order business have upon the action of the
merchants, if any ?
"Ansxoer. Formerly, when the bonded warehouses
doing general-order business were in charge of the
authorized agents of responsible steamship lines,
and were situated in localities known to be safe, the
merchant was in no haste to get his goods from the
custody of the Government, and the result was that
a few years ago, to accommodate the importers, eight
or ton stores were required to do the general-order
business. Now that business is limited to two stores,
and the reduction arises m my opinion from the fact
that the importer is not willing to trust his goods to
the custody of the Government officers one moment
more than he can help, because these warehouses
are such as to excite the suspicion of danger, be-
sides, it being very difficult to procure insurance on
the goods stored in them. The merchant prefers to
withdraw his goods at the earliest moment, so that
now these two stores do the whole work, wheie for-
merly eight or ten were required.
"Question. Does the Government, in your judg-
ment. derive any advantages under the present sys-
tem which it did not under the old ?
"Answer. None whatever; the present system can
only be used to annoy and vex and deplete the
pockets of the importeis.
"Question. What remedy would you propose?
"Answer. Give to all responsible foreign steam-
ship Jmcs that may desire it the privilege of having
a general-order store under such regulations as were
formerly accorded to the Cunard and German lines,
or such as may be prescribed by competent author-
ity."
Then Mr. Stewart goes to say that the new
warehouses are very dangerously situated as
to their surroundings, inasmuch as they might
easily be destroyed by fire, and goods are so
crowded in them as to increase the risk and
cause great inconvenience to the merchants.
Here is the testimony of Mr. William E.
Dodge, jr., one of the most prominent mer-
chants in the city of New York. He says of
the old system, changed by the collector in
3.870:
"It was a very great facility to the merchant—a
very reasonable and sensible one. It seemed impos-
sible to du without it. As I understand it, some dis-
satisfaction arose when Mr. Grinnell came, whether
for the snke of making places fur employes in the
enstorn-hou^e, I never have known, but this system
which had worked so ea.siiv, without any one having,
as far as I know, lost a single dollar, and which was
a gieat saving and convenience to the merchants
and ship-owners—it was peremptorily decided that
this should not be used any more, and all these goods
should be carted over to the other side and put in
the general-order store.
" Question. Were those warehouses built by the
Cunard and the Dutch companies erected at the sug-
gestion of the Government?
"Answer. That T am not able to say. The fact of
their being time I know. We occupy very large
dock room, and the vexation and annoyance io us
has been very great. Our goods are not ci\rted to
these general-oider stores, because they are not the
packages necessary to be carted; but because they
nave been handled in such away it is equally a labor
and care to us to remove them instantly, adding
much to our expense, greatly to the risk of break-
age, and very much to the annoyance and trouble
oi domg business.
" Question. Is there a liability to loss and thieving
in the passage of goods from the wharf to the general-
order storehouse?
" Answer. There has always been a danger there.
There is also an increased cost in cartage, the month's
storage of these general-order stores, the increased
insurance, and the difficulty of getting out goods
where the goods go in and come out rapidly. Great
confusion in every way.
" Question, Whatshould you think was the amount
of increased expenses to the merchants?
" Answer. I am not able to state definitely; I have
heard so many complaints, and it varies very much
with the classes and kinds of goods.
" Question. Should you think the increase was
sufficient in any instance to cover the whole profit
on a kind of goods?
'' Answer, I can say very frankly that if our goods
were subjected to that—which they are not, only
because their bulk is so great—that it would use up
all the profit wo have made during the past years
on certain classes of goods. On spelter or slab zinc,
which comes by the German steamers, the profit is
never over one to one and a half per cent., except
some extraordinary change in the market. That
would be nearly all eaten up if it was subjected to
the^e charges. T think the point is this, Senator,
that many of the laws and regulations, and all the
management of our custom-hou^e is based on the
experience of years gone by, when slow sailing ves-
sels, coming in at odd intervals, made up the busi-
ness of our port." ^ s * * * s- *
" Question. What is the effect of the present cus-
tom-house management upon the mercantile inter-
ests of New York city as to the diverting of trade?
"Answer. I can say this: the complications,
annoyances, vexations, and the dangers wbich are
occurring to merchants from the present custom-
house management, are such that every merchant
whose imports come from Europe sends them to
any other port in preference to New York, if lie can
arrange to do so.
" Question. Does your own firm send any lreight
in that way?
"Answer. We send all the trade we can get to
Baltimore, New Orleans, and Portland, in prefer-
ence to New York.
" Question. On account of the delay ?
" Answer. Very largely from that. We have local
laws which are very unfortunate in regard to our
quarantine. The simple ptfint is, that our custom-
house is a political machine. Sometimes, before
election, you go to the collector and you cannot see
him, o^ing to the convention that meets at Syra-
cuse. He cannot see you, although there arc things
of vital importance affecting your business during
all the year."
Now comes the testimony of Mr. Simeon B.
Chittenden, one of the principal merchants of
New York:
" Question. Please give any information which you
have upon this subject.
"Answer. The change that hastaken place insend-
ing goods to the warehouse on their arrival has been
a great affair, in taking the whole business of the
city into account. In old times, when the Cunard
ships were delayed, they sent us notice that our
permits must be on board immediately, sometimes
discharging a ship within a few hours after they
arrived in port; the goods were taken into their own
warehouses and there remained until the permits
were sent on board, and they were brought to the
merchants with no extra expense and only a little
extra labor, which amounted to nothing. Now, if a
ship arrives after a prolonged voyage, and she is
obliged to discharge immediately m order to start
on her return voyage to-morrow, or the day follow-
ing, the goods are all sent over to New York, and
I think the charge is fifty cents a case when full
loads are sent; three cases are counted as a load:
the piico per load is $1 75, not to exceed tlnce cases.
It is SI 50 if it is one case. So, if a merchant has a
single case on a Cunarder arriving to-day, and can-
not get his papers through the custom-house, and
the ship is obliged to discharge to -morrow, ho has to
pay SI 50 to have it carted by the Government carts,
a.nd the expense at the warehouse is SI 60 or ^170,
wheieas it used to be about one dollar. That, in
substance, is the result. My man who has charge of
custom-house affairs, and whom I consulted before
coming here, says that is the general system."
Here is the testimony of Mr. "William E.
Dodge:
"Question. Will you give to the committee your
views on the subject ?
"Answer. First, I would say that lam perfectly
jware that, under the new order of things, where
the business of the country is being mainly done by
steamships, there must be a change from the old
sy.stem. So far as this general-order movement
s?fleets our business, mainly as connected with the
lines that land on the Jersey shore, it is there the
expense occurs.
" Question. The Cunard and the Dutch lines?
"A nswer. The Cunard and the Bremen lines which
arrive there. Their arrival is telegraphed, and a
general order is immediately issued. If the vessel
arrives at the dock late in the day it i? impossible
lor a merchant to secure a permit for his goods until
eleven o'clock the next day. The goods, as soon as
landed, aie immediately carted (to lavorit© stores I
was going to say, but, won't)to stores underthe gen-
eral order system on the New York side and sub-
jected to expenses, as a general thing double what
they would be if there was a warehouse on the
other side, where the goods might lie for twenty-
four or forty-eight hours, under the charge of the
revenue department, before they were seat away,
giving merchants time to get their permits. No
matter whether they are permitted or not, they are
sent over here. This process makes the port of New
York, in my opinion, the most expensive port for
the transaction of business in the world. I nave no
hesitation in s lying that—in the world.
" Question. Has it any tendency to drive business
elsewhere?
"Annoer. I was going to remark, the profit on the
species of goods that we import is so close that it is
impossible for us to continue our business and pay
the expenses which have been imposed here for the
last few years. The consequence is we are import-
ing at any other port than this where it is possible.
We are obliged to import goods largely into Balti-
more. New Orleans, &c., that we would not import
there if it were not for the expenses of the custom-
house here."
Now the testimony of Benjamin F. Mudge :
" I am acquainted with the docks atHoboken and
Jersey City, where the Bremen and Cunard lines of
steamers land; I wasfamiliarwiththemanagement
of the warehouses connected with these docks when
they were allowed to receive general-order goods;
the effect  f changing the storage of the general
order goods from these warehouses to New Yoik
city was only to impose a large additional tax upon
the merchants ; it could not possibly add anything
to the security of the Government or the facility of
the customs work. The old warehouses are safer
from fire, and in a more respectable locality. The
cost of cartage, labor, and storage, in the present
general-order warehouses, is just so much money
lost to the merchant, for the reason that the goods
might be obtained with more facility from the ware-
houses connected with thedocks,and withoutcharge
for storage if removed within forty-eight hours from
the entry of the steamer, whereas now the general-
order charges for cartage, storage, &c., attach imme-
diately on the goods being placed on the docks; it
has also a demoralizing effect on the customs force,
as the general-order men resort to all means to hurry
goods from the vessel which are subject to general
order, before permit goods, being anxious to get pos-
session of them and subject, thorn to charges before
the owner can get his permits on board.
"It is understood that these general-order stores
are designated by the person having control, and
given to favorites or sold, The last gentleman who
told me of buying the general order was K. M. Bixby.
I have a general knowledge of the charges made by
the persons now running the general-order stores;
these charges are exoibitant for the woik done;
they would be exorbitant at one halt the rates
charged. The tendency of these extortions is to
drive importations to other places; the tendency
of these practices is to bring the Administration into
contempt, and is much more injurious to the Repub-
lican party than could be offset by all the money re-
alized from it, if used for political purposes. There
are at least from one quarter to one third more in-
spectors employed by the Government than there is
need of. The class of men employed asmght-watcb-
men are of a character that render the stores more
unsafe under their care than in their absence."
Here is the testimony of P. M. Moore:
" Question. You mean to say from your own knowl-
edge that efforts are made on the part ot general-
order men, and those connected with them, to get
discharged from the steamers first goods where no
permit has been entered on board?
" Annw:r. If it is possible.
" Question. They attempt to bring about that?
"Answer. That is very often done.
" Question. They do that before the discharge on
the dock of the regularrpermit goods- ?
"Answer. Yes, sir The man that lias a ware-
house will have runners around. I have heard peo-
ple say, ' Duve them awa>, they have no business
here.' They try to get every ease it is possible in
the store before a permit is got.'"
Then follows the testimony of George P.
Gale, of the fitm of A. D. Greif & Co. :
"Here was the case of the Parthia, for instance;
she discharged on Saturday night; New Year came
on Sunday; Monday no harness was done at the
custom-house: at eleven o clock on Tuesday morn-
ing our goods were all over here on general order,
and when we go there with our permits the goods
are on this side; they give us. a bill that we think
exorbitant—$1 50-for a little ease of satins with
nine piecesof satin in it. Wethinkit an exorbitant
charge, and say, * I shall not nay this.' ' Well, then,
you can't have the goods.' We first go to Mr. King,
(Mr. Murphy's right bower;) he send* us to Sir.
fcharry; he says, 'Come to-morrow.' We come to-
morrow, and he says, 'I will fix it all right; what
do you suppose you ought to be charged ?' ' One dol-
lar and twenty-live cents is plenty, and Mr. Grinnell
established prices that would not bring it up to that/
Mr. Sharry gives a permit the next day; 1 go up to
the office with it and say I want the good*. 'You
cannot have them without paying 50.' 'There is
twenty-live cents off.' 'Well, you can't have the
goods. If you want twenty-five cents, here, I'll
make you a present of it,' This bill is lying down
in Mr. Sharry's office now.
"In the case of the Queen I went down tosee what
time she would come in. I was there at six o'clock
the next morning, and sent the cartman down at
