1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
089
a general nature are now_ required to be pub-
lished, and they are required to be published
as soon as they are sent by the Secretary
of State, who is required under the law to
furnish them to the different newspapers, two
in each State and Territory. I do not think
it is really necessary that this should be done,
and I believe that is the opinion of the House.
They sent the biii to us without providing for
the publication of the laws in the newspapers,
and the Senate committee, I think, agreed
unanimously not to disturb the action of the
House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pat-
terson in the chair. J The Chair will ask the
Scnatorlrora California if he offers this amend-
ment at this time?
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Iowa re-
quests that we shall not vote on it at this time,
but when the bill comes into ihe Senate.
Mr. POMEltOY. The Senator says the
Secretary of State sends two copies of the laws
as fast as they are published to the newspapers
in the several States now. Very well; what
sense is there in sending them if they are not
to publish them, and if they are not to be paid
for publishing them? Why send them to two
papers in every State if you make no appro-
priation for their publication?
Mr. COLE. Perhaps I did not make myself
understood. I will reply to the question of
the Senator by stating that under the law as
it now stands this publication of the laws of
a general nature when published in the news-
papers is to be paid for, but the proposition
now is to stop that for the next fiscal year.
Mr. POMEROY. What facilities have you
to acquaint the people m remote States with
the laws that, are passed? What facilities will
they have for knowing those laws?
Mr. COLE. The Senator may remember
that it is a presumption of the law that every-
body knows the law.
Mr. POMEROY. That is a very violent
presumption where you do not furnish the
people with the means of knowing it. It is a
strange presumption that the people of my
State can know of a law that has not been
published there until they are able to get the
volume of laws two or three years afterward.
Mr. ANTHONY. When the act was first
passed providing for (he publication of the
laws in the newspapers it was very proper.
That was pretty much all the means the people
at large had of obtaining information ot' the
acts passed by Congress; but I think the money
now expended in publishing the laws and
treaties in the newspapers is just so much
money thrown away. The laws are never read
in the newspapers. No man who has occasion
to know what the law is ever looks in a news-
paper for it. If it is not of sufficient conse-
quence to him to go to counsel and inquire
what the law is, he goes to a law library, or
somewhere where he can find the statute-book.
No man ever thinks of looking over the files
of a newspaper for it. No man I fancy reads
the laws as they come out with a view of gov-
erning his action by them. But from time to
time men want to know what a particular law
is. No man goes to a newspaper to find it.
If he takes a newspaper, that newspaper is
destroyed long before he wants to know what
particular act has been passed.
But when there is any act of great import-
ance, an act which we want all the people to
know, the newspapers print it of themselves,
and they do not want any pay for it; and it is
printed, not in two papers in each State, but
in a hundred in each State; and these laws are
printed not only after they are enacted, but
before they are enacted ; they are printed when
reported, and the public is kept constantly
advised of the progress of discussion and legis-
lation upon them. I have several times
endeavored to have the law requiring acts
of Congress to be printed in the newspapers
repealed; but the Senate have always voted
me down. I do not know but they will do so
now; but I am convinced that the money is
just so much thrown away.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator evidently
does not understand the point I was trying to
make. It is not the old laws, it is not all the
statutes that we want published. People do
not go to the newspapers for the statutes ; but
they are on the lookout to see what new laws
we are enacting, what new schemes Congress
has got up, and it is only the new laws that
are passed from year to year that the people
have any interest in looking into the news-
papers for. Of course, it' they are after the
statutes of the country they will go to the
statute-books. But our constituents are con-
stantly looking to us to see if we pass a new
law on a particular subject, and the object of
having the laws published in the newspapers
is to advise the people of the new laws that are
passed before they get into the statutes, before
you can go into a law library and find them.
Mr. AN PHONY. If the Senator will allow
me, these laws are published so late, they hang
on in the newspapers from the end of one ses-
sion to the beginning of another, and some of
them do not get printed untii they have been
repealed.
Mr. POMEROY. That is another mistake
that my friend has been laboring under. That
was formerly so when they printed everything;
but look in the newspapers now when they print
only the general laws, and you will find that
they are up lo date. I have had occasion to
look at the laws in the newspapers of my own
State, as they are publishing them, and they
are printed as fast as they receive them. It is
a notice to the people day by day that they
have got a new law on this subject and that,
and the people are looking at them, and as we
are constantly changing the laws we ought to
give the people this notice.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask the
Senator from Kansas how many papers 111 his
State are authorized to publish the laws?
Mr. POMEROY. Two.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And those
two probably have a circulation of from fif-
teen hundred to two thousand each, and all
the rest of the State are left in ignorance
except the readers of those two papers in
remote parts of the State.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator is judging
of the papers in such a State as Kansas by
those of Vermont. I suppose they do not pub-
lish more than two thousand copies of any
paper there ; but here is one of those Kansas
papers right before me now that has a weekly
circulation of more than four thousand, as
they report, to say nothing of its daily, and
these laws go into the daily and weekly both.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest that this debate is all out of order.
The Senator from California does not offer his
amendment, but merely gives notice of his
intention to do so.
Mr. POMEROY. He has had the sense to
withdraw it.
Mr. COLE. Not quite. It is suspended at
the request of the Senator from Iowa. Let it
be passed over. The Clerk can proceed with
the bill.
The Chief Clerk resumed the reading of the
bill down to the clause making appropriations
for the office of the supervising architect of the
Treasury Department,.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will this be the time to
move an amendment to any portion of the
bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) Not until the amend-
ments of the committee have been acted upon.
Mr. RAMSEY. I propose to amend this
clause by raising the salary of the supervis-
ing architect ot the Treasury from $3,000 to
$5,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator should give notice of the amendment and
have it referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations,
Mr. COLE. The proposition to amend will
not be in order without notice.
_ Mr. CONKL1NG. It would be in order to
give notice to-day and move it to-morrow.
Mr. RAMSEY. I give the notice now to
the Senator from California.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment should be reduced to writing and handed
to the Secretary and referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. RAMSEY. I williio that.
The Chief Clerk resumed the reading of the
bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 18,-line four hun-
dred and twenty-eight, in the appropriations
for the office of Commissioner of Customs, to
reduce the number of clerks of class two
from nine to eight; of class one, from seven
to five ; and to reduce the total appropriation
from $40,760 to $80,960.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 21, line
four hundred and ninety-three, in th'e appro-
priations for the office of Treasurer of the
United States, after the words "five male
laborers, " to insert " at $720 each."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 21, to
strike out the following proviso to the appro-
priations for the office of Register of the Treas-
ury, from line five hundred and eight to line
five hundred and twenty-three:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authoi ized to pay to the Register of thd Treas-
ury, out of the money appropriated to defray the
expenses of ihe loans, such compensation as he may
deem just and proper for the additional labor per-
formed by the said Register under tbe laws funding
thepublicdebt.notto exceed SI 2o pcrhundred bonds
signed by him, under authority of the acts of July
14, 1870, and January W, 1871, providing for the re-
funding of tile public debt; and that the same rate
shall beallowpd the said Register for all bonds here-
after signed by him: Provided, That the whole
amount of compensation thus allowed him, in addi-
tion to it) o amount of salary now allowed by law,
shall not exceed $1,500.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President 
Mr. POMEROY. I should like the com-
mittee to give some reason for strikiug that
out.
Mr. SCOTT. I was about to ask that ques-
tion, and I.hope the Senate will not concur ia
the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I thought he got up to speak on another
question.
Mr. SCOTT. I got tip on this question. I
ask the Senate not to adopt this amendment.
The adoption of this amendment will not only
be doing a great injustice to a public officer,
but will be departing from the usage of the
Government followed from 1837. In 1837 Con-
gress, in appropriating money for the purpose
of carrying out the law to create a loan, made
this provision:
"That a sum not exceeding $20,000, to be paid out
of anv unappropriated money in the Treasury, be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated for defray-
ing the expenses of preparing, printing, engraving,
signing, and otherwise incident to the issuing of the
Treasury notes authorized by this act."
Under that statute the Register of the Treas-
ury was paid for signing the Treasury notes,
and 1 am informed by the present Register of
the Treasury that the vouchers of the office
show that he was paid at that time an extra
compensation of $1 25 for every hundred sig-
natures, and that the vouchers in the office
show payments for three years amounting to
$550 for that extra service performed by the
Register. Under tbe loan acts all the Regis-
ters of the Treasury, from 1861 to 1809, were
paid out of a similar fund extra compensation
amounting to about one thousand dollars annu-
ally each.
The present Register of the Treasury has
performed the same duties,- adding very largely
to his labors, and requiring, as I am informed
by him, and as I have no doubt is the case,
many-fextra hours of labor during a large por-
tion of last summer, and the House has added
