1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2781
had ever succeeded in producing uniformity
in that way. It is a peculiar case; and if it
succeeded in the Senate, I think that was the
first instance of the kind.
Now, if the intention is to give the Second
Comptroller a salary of $5,000 a year, say in
language that can be understood by everybody
that from arid after the 30th of June next, or
if it is intended to go back five years, as the
Senator from Vermont says, that he shall be
paid the salary of $5,000 since 1865. If that
is I he intention let us know what we are doing.
I hope such a proposition as this will be voted
down, and then if the Senator from Maine
wants to pay the Second Comptroller $5,000
from and after the 30tK day of June next, it
is very easy to say so in so many words, and
we shall know how to vote.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I have no especial
sympathy for this officer or any other officer,
and yet I have had to deal with him in the
settlement of the accounts of the State of
Connecticut, and I do not hesitate to say that
I have rarely found a man in any business in
which I have been interested that I thought
was so able, to say nothing about his fidelity,
and who performed such an amount of busi-
ness as this officer; and I do say that you may
go into any of the large establishments in Con-
necticut, or Massachusetts, or any part of
New England, and you cannot find a man who
can fill a place requiring as much talent and as
much industry and as much ability, for a less
sum than $5,000. I hope he will receive it.
Mr. CARPENTER. In my judgment the
best way to fix the salary of any office what-
ever is to consider what would be the proper
compensation for an excellent man in that
place. I never saw the Second Comptroller
to my knowledge; but I know the amount of
duties devolving upon his place by law, and
there is unanimous testimony from all sources
and all quarters that he is a most excellent
officer. Now, the Senator from Illinois says
it will not do totakethat into account in fixing
the salary for that office. That is just what
we should take into account.
Mr. TRCJMBCJLL. The individual?
Mr. CARPENTER. We should take into
account what would be the compensation for
an excellent man in that office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ For the office. The
Senator from Wisconsin does not understand
me. I say that the particular individual should,
not be taken into consideration, whether he
has served many years or not; we should pay
a salary adequate to the discharge of the
duties of the office. That I am for.
Mr. CARPENTER. I understood the Sen-
ator to say that these salaries were always
raised by an appeal for some very excellent
man in office and to fix a compensation for
him. Now, that is the only way the salary
for an office ever should be fixed ; what is
the compensation for an excellent man in
one of these offices? The sum of $5,000 for
the Second Comptroller? I do not believe
there is a cashier of a bank in any respect-
able city in the United States who does not
ger more than $5,000 a year; and here, in
the case of the Second Comptroller of the
Treasury, who passes millions under his con-
sideration annually—$1,300,000,000 in one
year, says the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson ;] nobody knows how much he
does pass upon—the Senate in fixing his sal-
ary are higgling about $5,000 I
My honorable friend from Vermont, when-
ever it is proposed to pay any man what he
ought to have, alludes to the pensions that
we do not pay. Why does he not bring in
a bill and allow us to square the account, with
these pensioners so that we can do justice to
others ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Sol have; butyou would
not square.
Mr. CARPENTER. I always vote to square.
The Senator from Vermont never recom-
mended a pension bill that I did not vote for,
and I have voted for a great many that he did
not recommend. Now let us square the ac-
count with these pensioners, if we owe them,
and pay them ; we ought to pay them, so that
we can do justice to others. Do not let us
hold back what we ought to do to other men
because we have not done justice to them.
Let us do justice to both.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want no ambiguity in
this matter, and I will, therefore, move to
amend the clause proposed to.be stricken out
by striking out all after the first two words, and
inserting, " the salary of the Second Comp-
troller of the Treasury shall be, after the 30th
day of June, 1871, $5,000 per annum."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine moves to amend the paragraph
proposed to be stricken out by the amendment
of the Committee of the Whole, by striking
out all after the words "that the" and insert-
ing what he has stated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This extraordinary anx-
iety to have the same thing in two or three
bills, it seems to me, is not quite a good way
to legislate. This is a deficiency bill. It is
not providing for the future, but providing for
the past. In the legislative appropriation bill,
which provides for the future, provision was
made for the salary of the Second Comptroller,
and it was fixed at some sum which was thought
to be suitable, with a provision for various other
officers of the Treasury Department who were
supposed to be also meritorious in the sense
of faithfully performing their functions for the
benefit of the Government. Now, to make
fish of one and flesh of the other, and to do
that on this deficiency bill, I think is wrong;
and in order to show my opposition to it on
the record, I move to lay the amendment on
the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont moves to lay the amendment
of the Senator from Maine to perfect this
paragraph, on the table. The paragraph will
still remain for consideration. The question
is upon laying the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Maine on the table.
The question being put, there were on a
division—aves 9, noes 28; no quorum voting.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I vote "ay." Will-
that help it ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ That will make
a quorum unless objection is made to the
Chair receiving the vote. Then the vote
stands ten in the affirmative and twenty-eight
in the negative. The motion to lay on the
table is rejected. The question recurs on
agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Maine to the paragraph.
Mr. COLE. I think I ought to call the
attention of the Senate to the form in which
the bill was. I find that the Second Comp-
troller's salary was fixed at $3,000 in 1817,
something over fifty years ago ; and the bill
as it was would have given hirn $2,000 a
year for over fifty years, over one hundred
thousand dollars, provided there had been
that amount unexpended in the appropria-
tions for the office, without bringing any year's
appropriations beyond these of the present
fiscal year. We usually appropriate about
one hundred and thirty thousand dollars for
the Second Comptroller's office, and he would
have had under this all the balance that
remained unexpended if we passed it. There-
fore I think the amendment of the Senator
from Maine is'a very great improvement on the
original clause.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator from
California contend that he does not think
the House of Representatives was right in
giving this gentleman $100,000? Has he not
earned it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator fiom Maine
to the paragraph proposed to be stricken out.
The amendment was agreed ro".
The VIC E PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on striking out the paragraph as amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. All I wish to say is that
after long discussion here we took a dozen or.
two people, this gentleman among the rest,
and provided for them, and the bill passed this
body providing for him; and now to select this
one gentleman and put him over the heads of
all the others, and in a separate bill providing
only for him, is, it seems to me, an act of more
gross injustice to the others than it is of justice
to him. That is my reason; I do not wish to
take up time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would like to inquire
how much we have raised this officer's salary
this session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have raised it by the
amendment to the other bill to $4,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And now it is proposed
to raise it to $5,000.
Mr. WILSON. That has not passed yet.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is in conference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was agreed to by the
last committee of conference. There will be
no trouble about it.
Mr. WILSON. I wish, without taking up
time, simply to say that this officer has received
$3,000 a year for several years. Since he
entered the office the last time he has passed
upon more than $2,000,000,000 of accounts;
$1,300,000,000 one year; $800,000,000 an-
other; and $500,000,000 in another. The
amount of labor that he has performed is not
surpassed by any man employed in any de-
partment of this Government, and I think it
is a burning shame that a man of his ability
and character should have been required to
discharge this immense duty that he has per-
formed for the salary of $3,000 a year. I
hope the salary will be fixed at $5,000, as
proposed by the Senator from Maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from Vermont calls attention to the fact that
to put this man alone in this bill would be
an invidious discrimination against the other
persons provided for in the other bill. I wish
to say simply that the House of Representa-
tives inaugurate this and send it here. This
puts his salaryon equality with that ofthe First
Comptroller, an equality which he certainly
merits; and to refuse to consider it would
be invidious to him. I shall vote for it with
pleasure.
Mr. CRAGIN. I simply want to say that there
are three Comptrollers in the Treasury Depart-
ment, two of whom are now receiving $5,000
a year, and have been for some years past,
while this one, who performs more duty than
either of theothers, is receiving only $3,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Who are the other two?
Mr. CRAGIN. The First Comptroller and
the Comptroller of the Currency.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want to say a word
about this passing upon $1,300,000,000 in one
year and $800,000,000 in another year, and
$2,000,000,000 in two or three years. I want
to know what the Senator from Massachusetts
means by making such a statement to go out
to the country. How many millions does the
Treasurer pass upon ? Do<-s he pass upon
$2,000,000,000, the First Comptroller upon
$2,000,000,000, and all the officers upon
$2,000,000,000? Why, Mr. President, the
amount of it is, that the accounts of the War
Department are all examined in the War
Department to begin with, and they are sent
through the various departments of the Treas-
ury, first to one Auditor and then to another,
to one Comptroller and then to another, to be
passed upon, and this officer signs his name.
Does the Senator from Massachusetts pre-
tend to say that the Second Comptroller, or
the First. Comptroller, or any of these Comp-
trollers, have to examine these accounts and
compute them? You have got more than two
thousand clerks there for these very objects.
Every Auditor examines them. It is not this
Comptroller who examines -these accounts.
