1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3677
cepted save those adapted to the naval ser-
vice and of American construction.
Now, sir, it does seem to me that nothing
more un-American could by possibility be
uttered by any member upon this floor. 1
repeat again that there is no subsidy about it.
Gentlemen might as well say that you propose
a subsidy when you authorize by law the let-
ting of contracts to carry the mails from New
York to San Francisco overland, or from Phil-
adelphia to New Orleans by water.
There is no subsidy in this matter. You might
just as well say that it operates as a subsidy
in favor of the party that may receive the con-
tract, being ship-owners, to carry the mails.
And you can say the same thing of your rail-
road contractors who may carry your mail
from New Yoik to San Francisco. With all
respect to gentlemen who have spoken upon
this subject, I beg leave to say that such argu-
ments are unworthy of the time and the place,
and will never be received acceptably by the
American people.
Sir, I believe itis apart of the power conferred
wisely upon the Congress of the United States
to provide for mail service between the United
States and other countries at peace with us, as
much asitisapart ofthe power conferred upon
the Congress to provide for internal mail ser-
vice. I believe it is a good rule to provide
that this service may be let to the lowest bid-
der. And in this particular matter, where the
service is to be upon the sea, in view of the
fact that we have no sea-going navy, I think
it well enough to provide that the ships em-
ployed in this particular service hereafter shall
be iron ships adapted to naval service, and that
in the day of peril they shall be subject to the
control of the nation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
message fkom this senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of their clerks, informed the House that
the Senate had agreed to the amendment of
the House to the bill of the Senate of the fol-
lowing tide:
A bill (S. No. 163) for the relief of Mrs.
Martha L. House Russell.
The message further announced that the
Senate had insisted upon its amendments dis-
agreed to by the House to the bill (II. II. No.
2X16) to amend an act entitled "An act to
provide for the better security of life on board
of vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam, and for other purposes," approved
February 28. 1871, and had agreed t6 the con-
ference asked by the House upon the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed, as the conferees on the part of the
Senate, Mr. Chandler, Mr. Corbett, and Mr.
Blair.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, and requested the concurrence of
the House, in bills of the following titles:
A bill (S. No. 774) to declare the intent and
meaning of section two of an act entitled " An
act to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United States," ap
proved March 2, 18S7 ; and
A bill (S. No. 978) for adjusting the claims
of the State of New Hampshire.
POST OffFtCB APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House resumed the consideration of the
Senate amendment to the Post Office appro-
priation bill-
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. Mr.
Speaker, 1 am opposed to subsidies as a general
proposition, but I am in favor of having one
line of steamers that shall bear the American
flag at least on the Pacific ocean. I presume,
if the question were to come before the Ameri-
can people that we could save several million
dollars by having our mails carried by private
individuals, clearly no one would object.
But that is not the question before the House,
Bud yet it bears a close resemblance. It
is merely the continuance of a mail route,
nothing more. The ground has been so often
gone over that scarcely anything I could say
would influence a vote on this question, and
yet I deem it proper to say that an English line
is now ready, the capital subscribed, and if the
House refuses to support this line in the
additional amount it must pass away.
Mr. Speaker, I am in a position to make a
rejoinder to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Cobdrx,} who stated that the panacea for our
lost commerce was to be found in free ships.
Now I tell the House, and every gentleman who
has anything like the practical experience I
have had will bear me out in my statement,
that free trade in ships at the present time is
a fallacy. If you were to furnish me ten
steamers fully equipped in every particular, to
make them a present to me on condition that
I should run them to Europe, i would refuse
to accept them.
Sir, the facts are that the low cost of mate-
rial in the first place, the cheap labor in the
next place, the great preponderance and pow-
erful support that England has always given to
her mercantile marine, with the prestige and
occupancy, are such that no Power, and espe-
cially no country like ours, struggling with the
burdens of a public debt and a depreciated cui-
rency, can expect to compete with her. Why,
Mr. Speaker, the State of New York pays a"
profit of over twenty-five hundred thousand
dollars to the Post Office Department. Has
she not some right to ask that in the name of
her merchants the Government should sustain
them? Where would we be but for the enter-
prise and courage of these aentlemen, who, in
in the face of great difficulties, have sustained
the line thus far?
I wish to state one fact further, and I ask
the Clerk to read a petition which I send to
his desk, as embodying the sentiment of a
large portion of the principal ship-owners and
most intelligent merchants of the city of New
York. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Randall] says that the line is prosper-
ous; I know to the contrary. The price has
fallen from $250 per share to less than eighty
dollars, and if this increase is not allowed,
the English line commences, and but a short
time must elapse before a vessel bearing the
American flag will be as rare a sight as it is
now on the Atlantic. Sir, I am not willing to
see this, and I appeal to the House not to allow
this amendment to be defeated. I speak irre-
spective of party, and to those gentlemen who
speak of this as a swindle or a steal. So far
as I am concerned, I repel the insinuation as
unworthy of themselves and an insult to the
House. I trust that the House will concur in
the Senate amendment.
Mr. COBURN. Let me ask the gentleman
whether it would not be a partial aid to com-
mence to allow free ships?
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I say, in
reply to the gentleman, certainly it would.
When we shall have free cotton, free iron,
everything free, then we may have free ships,
and compete successfully upon the sea with
other naiions.
Mr. HO-LMAN. Allow me to say 
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. The
gentleman must excuse me. My time is lim-
ited. I ask the Clerk to read what 1 have sent
to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
Hon. Alexander Ramsey, Chairman of the Senate
Committee on Office und Pout Hou,d%:
We, the undersigned, citizens of New York, be-
lieving that it is of tne" greatest importance to the
interests of the United States to secure in as great a
degree as possible the trade and commerceof Brazil,
and of China and Japan, and of the islands of the
Pacific, lor our own vessels and steamships, and that
the frequent transmission of mails tends very much
to facilitate business and increase trade and com-
mercial intercourse, we do therefore most respect-
fully petition your honorable committee to report
back an additional sum to the steamship lines from
New York to Brazil and from San Francisco to
China and Japan as will enable them to put semi-
monthly steamships on the said lines for mail trans-
portation, so as to be in a reasonable degree remun-
erative to the said steamship companies for the
mail service performed, and to secure in an especial
manner the carrying trade in our own bottoms, and
to give to Americans the profits derived from an
extending and ever-increasing commerce.
JAMES G. KING'S SONS.
A. W. HUMPHREYS.
ROBERT L. KENNEDY,
HENRY I'. VAIJj,
RICHARD KINO,
GEORGE S. COE,
E. ALLISON,
WINSLOW, iiAINER & CO.,
J. H. VAN ALLEN,
PARKER HANDY,
DAVID DUDLEY FIELD,
BARTON & ALLEN,
JAY COOKE & CO..
JOHN G. WILLIAMS,
HIRAM BARNEY,
W. H. TOWNSEND,
H. B. CLAEEL1N,
C. T. HULBURD,
W. B. MEEKElt,
WILLIAM & J. O'BRIEN,
JOHN A. STEWART,
ALMON W. GRISWOLD,
J. M. MORRISON.
J. S. HARBORGER,
JAMES P. DE PEY&TER.
BROWN, BROTHERS & CO.,
WILLIAM HOGE & CO.,
A. A. SELOVER,
C. T. CARLTON,
GEO. OPDYKE, (also Australia,)
A. A. LOW & BROTHERS.
HALL, BRADLEY & CO.,
E. P. DURKEE & CO.,
WARD. CAMPBELL & CO-
EDWARD KING,
JOHN WARNER & SON,
G & S. BROWN & CO.,
GEORGE C WOODMAN.
THOMAS HILLIIOUSE,
HOWES k MACY,
M. C. ACTON,
HENRY CLEWS & CO.,
VAN SCIIAICK & CO.
CLARK. DODGE & CO..
WILLIAM A BUTLER,
New York, April 1Z, 1872.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
eall the attention of the House to the details
of this amendment of the Senate, and to state
that its features are more objectionable if
possible than those of the proposition which
was originally before this House. The meas-
ure as originally before the House, and which
was voted down I believe by six or eight
majority, proposed to give to the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company an increased subsidy of
$500,000 for double the present mail service.
The amendment of the Senate, while on its
face appearing to be a fair proposition, pre-
sents to us in fact the same measure, with
simply a little sugar-coating, and extending the
subsidy of $500,000from oneyearto ten years.
The amendment now before us proposes to
authorize the Postmaster General, after sixty
days' public notice, to contract with the lowest
bidder for this nmil service. The amendment
provides that the contract shall be made before
the 1st of October, 1873, when the service is
to commence. Hence, ho could hold back
the contract until within sixty days of the 1st
of October, 1873, and let it on the 1st day of
that month, when the service was to be given,
thus allowing no time for any company or
individual to compete, because it would be
utteily impossible within the limited time to
prepare to carry out the contract. The amend-
ment substantially means that the Pacific Mail
Steamship Campany shall get this contract.
It puts it within the power of the Postmaster
General so to let the contract that competition
shall be absolutely impossible. That being
so, and 1 have no doubt so intended by the
iramer of this amendment, I would like to
suggest, if it be in older, an amendment to
the amendment, so as to require the Postmaster
General to let this contract within six months
from the passage of this act. Thus, if any
other parties than the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company should wish to bid for this contract,
if honest competition is intended to be allowed,
there will be nearly a year from the lime the
contract is let until it is to be carried into
execution. In other words, about one year
will be given to any successful bidder to pre-
pare for carrying out the contract.
Mr. DICKEY. If that amendment be ac*
