42
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
Senate.
Political Disabilities—Mr. Vickers.
4 2d Cong....2d Sjcss.
other State from any intercourse with its own ;
but when they came to form a Union and a Gov-
ernment, generally called the Articles of Con-
federation, they found it necessary and proper
to provide for this mutual intercourse and
common privileges, which one citizen going
into another State should enjoy; that when
there his property should be exempt from
any other or greater tax than the property of
citizens of the State, and that he should have
the ordinary right of instituting suits in the
courts, of making contracts, of purchasing
and selling property; all of which were neces-
sary to the enjoyment of the rights of person
and ef property. The very object is here
assigned in the Articles, and there is no other.
When the Constitution was formed the
Articles of Confederation were deemed insuffi
cient, because there was no executive power
to enforce the laws, and when it was found
expedient to enlarge the power of the Gen
eral Government on the subject of commerce
and taxation, they transferred these identical
privileges and immunities into the Constitution
of the United States. They cannot, therefore,
be larger or more extensive in the Constitution
in their construction and definition than they
were under the confederation; it never was
thought of, and I defy the production of a
single case or a single authority that hints at
the right of the General Government to enforce
these privileges and immunities in the States
by such legislation as is now proposed. Why,
sir, was it possible that the privileges and im-
munities of citizens should have been so clearly
enumerated and defined, and yet the more
important privileges, or rights, as some call
them, of entering into the public schools, of
going mto churches, ofhaving the same rights
of burial in cemeteries, and to serve on juries
should not have been mentioned ? Can it be
possible that these great and important rights
were included, and yet were not alluded to or
mentioned even by the commentators on the
Constitution or by the courts of the United
States in their construction of it? We find
no church, no school, no inn, no hotel, no
public conveyance, no jury-box named.
It has been said here that every man has the
right to travel where he pleases. So he has
to ascertain extent. He has the right to travel
in his own conveyance upon the public high-
way. That is an ordinary right. He could not
enjoy his personal liberty, the right of moving
from place to place, unless he could thus travel;
he could not enjoy the rights of property unless
he had the power of acquisition, of disposing
of and of making contracts with reference to
it. All these are personal and private rights
which are necessary for the enjoyment of his
life, his liberty, and the right of property.
But although he can travel on the public high-
way, no man has a right to go upon the prop-
erty of another. His right does not extend
that far.
It has been said that an individual has a
right to pursue any profession or calling that
he pleases. There is no State that denies this.
That is personal to h'im. But he pursues his
profession or avocation at his own expense.
It is a personal effort which he makes; but
because he has a right to study a profession
at his own expense, pursue an avocation at
his own cost, does that give him the right to
go into your public .schools or into any of your
schools and acquire information and educa-
tion at the expense of the State or of other
people? Who is it that sustains your public
schools? -Who pays the taxes for their sup-
port? It is not the colored people. They do
not pay one fiftieth part of the taxes necessary
for the maintenance of your institutions of
learning; and yet, paying only this diminutive
proportion, or less, shall they have the right
to claim equal privileges, contrary to the reg-
ulations of the schools, justly made by those II
who furnish the means necessary to their sup-
port, and, by a mixture of colors, contrary to
the order and discipline of the school, distract
it or diminish or destroy its existence or use-
fulness? The children of the rich, of the mid-
dle classes, of all who have the ability to set
up and sustain schools for their children, will
not be affected, for they will not submit to the
degradation which this amendment proposes ;
and the necessary result will be that the chil-
dren of the poor, as dear to their parents as
the children of the rich are to them, will be
obliged to be educated side by side with the
negro and mulatto or be reared in ignorance
and vice. The friends of this measure are
unwilling that separate schools for the races
shall be provided, and "equality" being their
motto, they seem determined to force it upon
the community, at the hazard of producing
intense feeling and opposition, and the de-
struction of the school system.
If because he is of a different color he has a
right to enter a public school, if you have the
power to introduce him there contrary to the
express provisions of the charter and to the
regulations of the school, you have the same
right and the same power to interfere with any
other regulation. It is not a question of expe-
diency that is involved; but it is a question
of power. If you have the power to enter the
public schools, then follows as a necessary
consequence the power to regulate them. It
is not, as I said, a question of expediency, but
solely a question of power. If you can enter
them for one purpose, you can do so for
another. It will not answer to disclaim that
it is not the intention to exercise any other
power than simply to secure an equal advan-
tage from the school; because if you can intro-
duce a person into a school contrary to the
regulations which govern it and the provisions
of the charter, then you have a right to change
the school, to regulate the discipline, the
books, the teachers. The Constitution gives
Congress the power to " regulate" the public
lands, and under that provision it exercises
the power to institute governments.
Suppose it be thought proper to separate the
sexes on the ground that the pupils will pro-
gress more rapidly and efficiently, that it will
be more to their interest and advantage that
this order or arrangement shall obtain ; if the
principle of this bill is sustained you have the
power to change that regulation as well as any
other.
If you can legislate for the purpose of ob-
taining an education for the negro by the side
of the white, you can do so also for the purpose
of securing an equal proportion of the teachers,
because it may be said that colored persons
have not equal advantages unless they are
taught by persons of their own "hue. And
if you can do it in reference to teachers, you
can do it in reference to books, you may do it
in relation to the subjects to be taught. It
is, I repeat, a question of power. Once in-
vade the sanctuary of the school, and you can
assume entire control over the system and all
its details.
It seems to me that in this discussion gen-
tlemen have lost sight of the nature and extent
of the powers of the General Government.
They seem to assume that it is a Government
of unlimited power. Why, sir, it is but a
Government of specified, limited powers. It
has but a divided sovereignty. The States
have reserved to themselves all the powers
not expressly bestowed upon the General Gov-
ernment, and they are as completely sovereign
by virtue of the powers which they have
reserved as that Government is by the powers
that have been conferred. In the forty-fifth
number of the Federalist, Mr. Madison says :
"The powers delegated by the proposed Constitu-
tion to the Federal Government are few and de-
fined. Those which are to remain in the State gov-
ernments are numerous and indefinite. The former
will be exercised principally on external objects, as
war, peace, negotiation, and foreign commerce, with
which last the power of taxation will, for the most
part, be connected. The powers reserved to the
several States will extend to all tho objects which
in the ordinary course of affairs, concern the lives'
liberties, and properties of the people, and the in-
ternal order, improvement, and prosperity of the
State."
Now, I ask if schools do not affect the in-
ternal order, improvement, and prosperity of
the State? Is not the subject of education
evidently contained in the reserved powers of
the States? The powers of the General Gov-
ernment are external. They relate to war and
peace, to foreign negotiations, to the recep-
tion of embassadors, and to commerce. Under
the Articles of Confederation it never was
dreamed that the Federal Government had
any power over education, or over any of the
internal affairs of a State. What does Mr.
Madison say in reference to the Constitution?
Not that it gave any new powers, except in
reference to one or two subjects, but that it
only strengthened the powers of the Govern-
ment under the Confederation. He said:
11 If the new Constitution be examined with accu-
racy and candor, it will be found that the chango
which it proposes consists mucti less in the addition
of new powers to the Union than in the invigora-
tion of its original powers, The regulation of com-
merce, it is true, is a new power; but that seems to
be an addition which few oppose, and from which
no apprehensions are entertained. The powers
relating to war and peace, armies and fleets, treaties
and finance, with the other more considerable
powers, are all vested in the existing Congress by the
Articles of Confederation. The proposed change
does not enlarge these powers; it only substitutes a
more effectual mode of administering them."
_ Can anything be plainer than that these spe-
cific powers given to the General Government
are only strengthened, not enlarged, that the
General Government moves in a different
orbit than that of the States? While one has
all the internal powers to exercise and duties
to perform relating to order, police, education,
and improvement, all the internal affairs of
the State, the other has external duties to exe-
cute. It deals with nations, with embassadors,
with public ministers; it makes war and it con-
cludes peace. These are the objects of that
Government, and it was created for no other
purpose. _ It was thought that the Government
of the Articles of Confederation was not strong
enough. Experience had proved its weak-
ness, because that Government was sustained
by the contributions of the different States,
and some of them did not pay their propor-
tion ; consequently it was necessary that a Gov-
ernment should be formed with power to sus-
tain itself, to impose imposts and taxes, by
that means to preserve its existence and to
carry on war when necessary.
I heard with astonishment some of the re-
marks of the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin in reference to the power of the Fed-
eral Government to regulate schools. Ia
February 1870, just two years ago, when the
constitution of Mississippi was under consid-
eration in this body, the honorable Senator
did not entertain the opinions which he has
expressed in this discussion. When that con-
stitution was before the Senate it brought
forth the statesmanlike views of all who par-
ticipated in that discussion. It was a subject
which involved questions of constitutional
power, power in the States, the relative pow-
ers of the States and the General Government,
their relations to each other, and the functions
which each should exercise. In that discus-
S!??' wkich called forth the eloquence and
ability of the Senator from Wisconsin, he spoke
very differently from what he has on this occa-
sion, and I therefore appeal from Cajsar slum-
bering to Csesar awake. On that occasion he
said:
V*1 fce the case of a State which is conceded now
to have a republican form of government; has
tiongress the power to go with legislation into thnt
