3078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
eepted, will my colleague [Mr, Spkeb, of Penn-
sylvania] rote for this tneasure ?
Mr. SPEBR, of Pennsylvania. I will not
vote for it in any form, or at any stage, or
under any circumstances Whatever, because I
look upoti it as a swindle. 1 regard this sys-
tem of legislation as utterly wrong and vicious.
What is the pl-eteuSS of justification for it ?
To build up comnlei'ee. Is commerce to be
built up by subsidies, hy taking what belongs
to the people and giving it by force of law to
private corporations ? That is not commerce ;
that is legalizing injustice and fraud. Com-
merce is the exchange of the productions of
one country fot those of another; and I say
throw it open to the world j let him that carries
it cheapest and best have it. Do not take
money out of the public Treasury and give it
to a corporation known here and throughout
the country a-s throwing its stock as afoot-ball
upon the market from time to time, putting it
up and down with as many fluctuations as the
thermometer standing in this Hall. Do not
let that corporation come here and in the hon-
ored name of " commerce" attempt to wrong
the people and despoil the public Treasury.
Mr. Speaker, this amendment of the [Senate
is insidious. It otfers to us a pill of poison,
but attempts to put a sugar-coating upon il.
Gentlemen rise here and say, " We propose to
allow free competition." To whom will this
competition be free if the Postmaster General
is allowed to defer the making of the contract
until the last day, when no bidder, even if
successful, will tie prepared to carry out the
contract, except, the Pacitie Mail Steamship
Company? No, the men who drew this
amendment knew the purpose they were to
serve. They knew the object they had to
accomplish, and it was put in this form the
better to deceive the country and to inveigle
the House into adopting it. I hope the House
will reject this thinly-disguised proposition,
begun with doubtful motives and carried out
by doubtful means. It is a vicious system of
legislation at best, and having been once re-
jected here after a severe struggle, the House
should renew iu this second contest forced
upon it by the Senate its pledge of fidelity to
the interests of the people and its condemna-
tion of subsidies and lobbies.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, there seems
to be a general desire on the part of gen-
tlemen that ours should be a commercial
nation; but 1 am struck by the logic of the
most vociferous of them. Their arguments if
accepted would doom us to eternal commer-
cial dependence. They propose to make this
a great commercial nation by allowing our
people to buy ships where they can be bought
cheapest, and are oblivious to the fact that
this wonderfully ingenious expedient will for-
ever prevent the establishment of ship yards
and the training of shipwrights and marine
engine-builders iu our country. Their logic
is borrowed from the old lady whoso interview
with her anxious daughter is thus reported:
" Mother, may I go in to swim ?
Yes, my darling daughter;
Hang your clothes on a hickory limb,
But don't go near the water."
[Laughter.]
They want our commerce to swim ; they
want to see vessels bearing the American flag
on every sea; they want to convert the United
States into a great commercial nation ; but
they do not want to promote the organization
of ship-yards j they do not want to train and
educate shipwrights; they do not want to
establish forges, furnaces,and rolling-mills,
to prepare the several parts of ships near to
the yards in which they must be used. Their
constant prayer and the earnest desire of their
hearts is that the whole American people
may learn to swim without going near the
water.
Sir, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Co-
BPBsj says that when we shall have bought
cheap ships we can extend and maintain our
commerce. Is this a tvell-oonsidered conclu-
sion ? Can we employ American sailors at
German or British rates of wages? Can we
hire engineers at the rate per month they are
paid on board of English, German, or French
steamers? How will you man and officer your
cheap foreign-built vessels? Grant that you
buy for so ma.ny pounds sterling per ton less
than Americans would build them any num-
ber of vessels front abroad, how can you man
and officer them at such cost as will enable
you to keep them afloat, Unless you alter the
law so that the American flag may float, not
only over foreign-bnilt ships, but over ships
manned by foreigners—of what avail will it
be ? Grant all this, and where is the Ameri-
can Navy to come from? You cannot, I say
again, get American seamen, American en-
gineers, American firemen, or American sail-
ors, to serve for wages that shall be less than
one hundred per cent, above those paid to
foreigners for the same service.
If gentlemen are ready to declare that there
shall be no American shipping, no Americah
ship-yards, no American commercial marine
from which men and officers may be drawn for a
Navy in time of war, and to declare, also, that
we can and ought to look to foreign bottoms,
officered and manned by foreigners, for our
Navy in the event of war, they may logically
advocate the granting of American registers
to foreign-built ships.
Sir, I spurn all such short-sighted and un-
patriotic economy, and am not only for this
subsidy, but will hail and welcome propositions
to give proper aid to this and all other lines
which will give us mail service and frequent
commercial intercourse between the United
States and the non-mauufacturing countries
of the East, the tropics, and the islands of the
sea. There are to be found our legitimate
markets, and for these we may produce our
surplus of manufactures and of agricultural
productions. Having our own wide, broad,
and profitable home market, we can then com-
pete with England and the manufacturing
nations of the continent in selling our surplus
irrespective of profit upon that particular con-
signment if we can thereby break down the
workshops and industries of rival nations.
This is England's policy. Having paid for
her plant and annual productions by the home
market for new styles of fabrics and wares,
England can afford to send the surplus to our
ports and sell them at a nominal profit or even
at such a loss as will leave a fair profit on the
year's business. Though the books show a
loss on this particular venture, she may find a
large profit in the destruction of industries,
which, if developed and sustained, would dwarf
her market and reduce her relative power and
grandeur among manufacturing and commer
cial nations.
Gentlemen cannot mean what they say, and
do but palter with words when in the same
breath they say we desire commerce, we desire
to see our flag floating over every sea, but we
do not desire to see the art of ship-building
known or practiced among our people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. The gentle-
man from California agrees to allow me to
offer my_ amendment requiring the contract to
be let within six months from and after the
passage of this act.
Mr. FARNSWO R.TH rose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of_Ohio. I give notice
that after the gentlema'n from Illinois [Mr.
Faknsworth] has spoken I will call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As regards the pro
posed amendment requiring the Postmaster
General to give this notice within six months
of the passage of the bill, I think all that is
necessary is that the Postmaster General shall
immediately after the passage of the act give
the sixty days' notice required here. That
would give the bidder one year from the 1st
of October next to prepare his ships; and
those who desire to compete may as well make
their bids within the next sixty days as to do
so six months hence, By requiring the Post
master General to give the notice immediately
when the bill beeomes a la# the successful
bidder would hate mote than a year to get
ready to perform the contract awarded him.
I think the amendment of the Senate should
be amended in that regard. And with that
amendment, Mr. Speaker, I am ifielined to
give it my support. The amendment of tt
Senate simply provides that the Postmas-
ter General may let to the lowest bidder,
for an additional monthly trip for ten years
from the 1st of October, 1873, the carrying of
the mail. The present contract, as I under-
stand, expires in five years. This, therefore,
does not extend the subsidy of $1,000,000
for ten years; but if the bid of the successful
bidder shall be as great as the subsidy already
paid, we shall be paying $1,000,000 a year for
five years, and $500,000 for five years more.
When the additional subsidy was Up in the
House before, Mr. Speaker, I antagonized it
with an amendment authorizing the steam-
ship company to purchase ships Wherever
they could purchase them the cheapest. I still
believe that that would be a successful way
of restoring our commerce. But 1 was beaten
in that; and I see Uo possible hope of get-
ting any such measure through Congress. I
do not, however, want this line to China and
Japan to languish or cease to exist. I afti
willing, therefore, to pay a large sum out of
the Treasury of the United States for the pur-
pose of reaching the commerce of that old
world. Japan, with a population nearly if Dot
quite equal to that of the United States, and
China with an unknown population, so great
is it, are already introducing our civilization.
We have sent them a Commissioner of Agri-
culture. He is purchasing from the valley of
the Mississippi agricultural implements, mills,
machinery. He is introducing expert mechan-
ics and engineers. In conjunction with our
minister and other people whom we have sent
out there from the United States he is intro-
ducing the civilization and industry of the
United States into Japan.
I believe the valley of the Mississippi will
profit by this. I believe that a very large trade
wilt spring up, and that it will be supplied to
a very great extent by the manufacturers, the
farmers, and producers of the valley of the
Mississippi. Nor do I think that there is any
other State which exceeds Illinois in the inter-
est it has in this measure. The man who has
gone there to fill the office I have referred to
is an Illinoisan. He was a farmer in Illinois
for many years, and well understands the in-
terests of our country. He is making his pur-
chases in the very center of the United States.
We are sending them our school-teachers and
they are introducing our religion.
In view of" all these facts, I, for one, am will-
ing to subsidize one commercial line to the
Japanese empire. I am willing to extend
and double the present facilities.
Mr. MORGAN. Will my friend from Illi-
nois allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. MORGAN. Will the gentleman tell
me how much mail matter is now carried by
this line ? I am told that there are not over
twenty letters carried, while the service costs
us $500,000 per annum.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The statement that
but twenty letters are carried is, of course, an
absurdity. A very large mail is carried,
although I cannot tell precisely the extent of
it. This has been recommended by the last two
or three Postmasters General, and is recom-
mended by the President of the United
States.
I do not suppose that it is absolutely neces-
sary that we should have another line of steam-
ers for the purpose of carrying the mails.
Nor is it absolutely necessary that we should
