990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
this proviso for the purpose of compensating
him for this extra labor at the same rate that
has been adopted heretofore for paying his
predecessors in office, and providing also that
he shall hereafter be allowed out of the same
fund at the same rate.
If the Senate will look at the compensation
that is allowed to the various heads of bureaus
in the Treasury they will find that the First
Comptroller has $5,000; the Treasurer, $6,000;
the Commissioner of Internal Re venue,$6,000;
the Deputy Commissioner, $3,500, and the
Auditors and Commissioner of Customs, $3,000
each. These heads of bureaus, who have these
duties to perform, are certainly none of them
too well paid; but those who have three-thou-
sand-doliar salaries have not imposed upon
them such extra labor as is imposed upon the
Register of the Treasury by the negotiation of
loans, as he is required to sign all the bonds,
and that does impose upon him a very consid-
erable labor.
The propriety of this compensation having
been recognized by the House of Representa-
tives, and this provision sent to us, 1 shall be
very glad to hear from the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations what reasons
have operated upon the committee to induce
them to depart from the practice of the Gov-
ernment heretofore in allowing the Register
of the Treasury the compensation for this
labor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The reason that induced
the committee to propose to amend this bill in
this particular was one which was found in
fidelity to law, to begin with. The statutes of
the United States have for many years, in
repeated and emphatic language, provided that
extra compensation to officers in the Treasury
Department and in other Departments should
not be allowed for the performance of official
duties or for extra duties, because that sort of
th'ng, and partly in the instances to which the
Senator from Pennsylvania refers, of early
registers possibly, had grown to be a great
abuse ; and the theory and idea of these stat-
utes to which I refer has been, as I submit to
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania it
ought to be, that the salary which the officer
is to have is to be a plain and fixed one for the
performance of a certain class of duties to be
named in dollars, so that all the world may
know exactly what he is to have, that per-
quisites and additions and addeudas and com-
missions and allowances are contrary to the
true method of carrying on a Government.
It sometimes happens, it is true, that there
are certain inferior offices where it seems dif-
ficult to fix a salary in the sense of which I
speak ; possibly some clerks sometimes per-
form duties outside the duties of their office
which may be exceptions to the principle I
lay down. That rule, it seems to me, applies
with great, force to the Register of the Treasury,
who is the recording officer of that branch ; he
handles no money: he has no financial respons-
ibility in the sense of being responsible for
subordinates, as the Treasurer is, and as manv
other officers are ; but he keeps the record, so
to speak, of the Treasury Department, of its
operations, and the law, therefore, has required
him, the earlier acts not to sign, but to coun-
tersign the loans and notes issued, as the laws
now require him to sign and countersign, and
it provides for him under all these great loans
additional assistance of clerical force to that
duty. That is what the present state of the
law is. The laws which have been referred to
by this gentleman, who I presume has seen
many ot the Senators on {he subject, and
which he believes have authorized previous
Registers to receive compensation, when you
look at them, will turn out to be quite other-
wise.
There is no statute, at least none that has
been referred to, which has ever authorized
the payment of any money to the Register of
the Treasury lor signing bonds. On the con-
trary, the very acts to which he refers, (and I
need not take up your time now in reading
them,) and which this officer supposes author-
ized the Treasury Department to pay his pre-
decessors, do not do anything of the kind.
On the contrary, the appropriations that have
been made have been for employing such addi-
tional assistance to aid in the performance
of the duties which the law fixed a compensa-
tion to him for as might be necessary.
Therefore, the statutes of the United States
never have authorized the payment out of the
Treasury, either by way of payment by the hun-
dred bonds, commissions, or otherwise, of
anything to the Register of the Treasury for
the performance, as far as he does perform it,
of this official duty. It is the very thing that
belongs to the officer for him to do, and the
chief thing, and therefore any payments that
have been made to his predecessors have not
only been contrary to the true theory of car-
rying on a Government, but have been contrary
to law.
When the present Secretary of the Treasury
came into office, aud when the present Admin-
istration came into office, imbued with the
desire to rectify abuses in every branch of the
Government, and to have all of the Executive
Departments carried on in strict subordination
to law, the Secretary of the Treasury, on exam-
ination of the subject, came to the conclusion,
which is plain enough to anybody who will
look at it, that these payments which had
theretofore, under looser administrations,
been permitted to be made to this officer and
to others for what are called extra services,
"were not in conformity to law and must be
stopped, and so they were stopped. And this,
I say in passing, is only one of a thousand
instances in which the present management
of the Government of the country has been
rectifying abuses when people out of doors
have been crying "wolf" all the time, and it
will go on in the same way.
Now, to return to this point, this being the
state of the case, this gentleman comes to us
and says that the labors which the law imposes
upon him to-day in signing and countersign-
ing all these bonds are not adequately paid
for ; that is to say, it is the simple proposition
that his salary is not large enough. Grant it
for the sake of the argument. 1 think 1 may
grant that if I were to read just the salaries of
these gentlemen, and hundreds of other officers
of the Government to-day, I should raise a
great many of them, while some others I
should reduce. But it seemed expedient to
the committee, and that appeared to meet the
universal approval of the Senate, that we
should not at this time go into a modification
either up or down of salaries or compensations
already fixed by law, and so we have reported
adversely upon the bill to increase the salary
of this gentleman, to increase the salary of
some of the auditors, to increase a great many
salaries and readjust them, in order that we
should not by taking up even a dozen dis-
adjust and make worse even than it is now
the inequality that exists in the Government
from creating new officers and different offices
at different times, but rather to wait until we
should have the finances of the country brought
to such a condition as to have a dollar worth
a dollar and get down upon a steady basis of
values and a steady progress of the autonomy
of the Government, when we could then re-
adjust all the offices that need to be continued
upon an equal and proper basis ; and that, as
I believe, met with the universal approval of
the Senate.
It may be true that this gentleman's salary,
looked at alone, may be too small. But look
in this same bill at the salary of the Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury—not a bureau officer,
but one who in the absence of the Secretary,
as the Secretary is often obliged to be absent,
has the whole responsibility resting upon his
shoulders of carrying on the operations of the
finance department of the Government. We
pay him the sum of $3,500 a year, only $500
more than this simple bureau officer receives;
and yet he is obliged to sign—this is put on
the ground of signatures—he is obliged by the
duties of his office as the Register is by the
duties of his office, to sign his name probably
five times in each day where the Register is
obliged to sign once, to say nothing of the
large responsibility and the large variety of
other duties which are imposed upon him.
Now if we are to raise the salary of the Regis-
ter of the Treasury from $3,000 to $3,500.
or $4,000, or whatever it may be, we ought, in
like degree to rai-ethe palaryof the Assistant
Secretary. 1 only speak ot that as one of per-
haps many instances in that one Department
alone, where if you start one stone in the edifice
you only produce agreater disarrangement than
exists now and greater inequality unless you
look over the whole ground and equalize all;
and if you do that in one Department, as we have
found heretofore in our experience, you are
immediately appealed to and on grounds which
are unanswerable if you once take the step,
by every other Department, "'You must
rectify us; you mu->t readjust us; you must not
be invidious in your favors to the Treasury
Department because it has the money, but you
must extend equal justice to all the rest of us.1'
i hope my honorable friend will not press
this amendment in this form. It may be that
in another way which may be suggested to him
something may possibly be doue, although I
cannot say how that is, because 1 put it, and
we all put it, not upon the ground of under-
taking either to condemn or justify this gen-
tleman in his action, or to say that he has too
mucu or too little, but. it is really and practi-
cally only a proposition to increase the salary
for official services of this one gentleman in
the Treasury Department. That is the whole
of the story.
Mr. SCOTT. I have no other desire than
that the discretion which is vested by this bill
in the Secretary of the Treasury with refer-
ence to other employes or officers in that De-
partment shall also be vested in him with
reference to this officer. I concur with what
the Senator from Vermont has said as to the
expediency of having salaries fixed so that it"*
is understood what the compensation of officers
is to be. But when he concedes that theie are
exceptions in the office in which it is proper
to vest in the Secretary of the Treasury the
discretion of determining whether extra com-
pensation ought to be paid, then he agrees to
just what I stated in this case, that this is an
exception, and I wish to have it vested in the
Secretary of the Treasury to determine whether
it is one of those which ought to have and
deserve extra compensation.
Now, 1 find on page 17 of the bill, which
has been passed and adopted, this provision:
" For additional clerks and additional compensa-
tion to clerks in his office, 822.500."
And under that provision in former appro-
priation bills—and doubtless it will be so under
the present—the Secretary of the Treasury has
been in the habit of making extra compensa-
tion to those cleiks in his Department whose
extra labors deserved it to such an extent, as
I am informed, and I find no fault with it that
one of the clerks in that Department receives
a higher salary than the head of either of the
bureaus to which I have referred—more than
three thousand dollars per annum. If the
Senator objects to this mode of compensation,
I am willing to follow the one which in prac-
tice has been used in the Dapartment of pay-
ing a specific sum for each signature, or I
would have no objection that the same dis-
cretion should be vested in the Secretary of
the Treasury with relerence to the Register of
the Treasury, to pay him what he believes to
be proper for additional compensation for the
aduitional labor devolved upon himin requir-
ing him to sign the large number of bonds that
will in all probability be issued under the loan
acts, as they have heretofore been issued undei
the existing loan acts.
