1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DAWES. I demand the regular order
of business.
dr. john kmilio houard.
The House resumed, as the regular order
of business, the consideration of the following
preamble and resolution reported yesterday
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs:
"Whereas Dr. John Emilio Houard has, after one
year's imprisonment, and trial by a military court-
martial, been convicted of complicity in an insur-
rection against the Spanish Governmentin the island
of Cuba, and, upon said conviction, has been trans-
ported to a penal colony of Spain for a term of eight
years, from which conviction, sentence, and punish-
ment he appeals for protection to the Government of
the United States; and whereas it appears, first, that
said Houard was a native-born citizen or the Uni-
ted States; second, that he never renounced his
allegiance as such citizen, but, on the contrary, has
claimed to be, and has b£en enrolled by the officers
of the Government of theUnited States as a citizen
of the United States; third, that it is not shown by
any form of proof that he ever became by any act a
subject or citizen of the Government of Spain ; and
whereas it further appears that his trial, sentence,
and punishment have been in disregard and viola-
tion of his undoubted rights as a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, under the Constitution and laws thereof,
and the treaty of October 27,1795, between the Uni-
ted States and Spain : Therefore,
Be it resolved. That, in the judgmentof this House,
the said John Emilio Houard was, and is, a citizen
of the United States by birth and continued and
uninterrupted choice, and, as such, is entitled to all
and every protection from this Government, and,
in the opinion of this House, the President should
promptly demand his unconditional release and
the restoration of his property, which has been
confiscated to the use of the Spanish Government.
Mr. WOOD submitted remarks which will
be published in the Appendix.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield one
half of the hour to which I am entitled to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. W. R.
Roberts
Mr. W". R. ROBERTS. Mr. Speaker, it is
■with considerable satisfaction and no small
amount of pride that I indorse the action of
the Committee on Foreign Affairsin reporting
a resolution to this House, asserting in tem-
perate but emphatic language the claims of
Dr. Houard to the protection of the American
Government, and instructing the President to
demand his prompt and unconditional release.
I indorse this action of the committee with
all my heart, and hail it as the harbinger of
a braver and a wiser policy on the part of
Congress ; and inspired by this action, which
I trust will be so emphatic on the part of both
Houses, I have hopes that the time is coming
when the administration of the great Repub-
lic, no matter what party may be in power,
will afford as ample protection to its citizens
in other lands as the meanest despotism in
Europe or South America. This, in my opin-
ion, has not been done for many years. When-
ever a citizen has been in trouble abroad, the
Government has invariably endeavored to shirk
its duties, and, either by direct or indirect
means, endeavored to justify itself by casting
doubts upon his citizenship, or, accepting the
assertions and charges of his enemies as true,
have left him to his fate, or begged for mercy
when public opinion became aroused to the
injustice, and forced the Government to take
action.
I do not lay any of the blame for this state
of affairs at the doors of the American people.
I am satisfied they have at all times been will-
ing to do justice to and to afford the amplest
protection to their fellow-citizens in foreign
lands; but in my opinion the Executive and
Congress are alone to blame for the fact
that since the Martin Koszta case, when the
administration of Franklin Pierce -sustained
the brave and truly American action of Captain
Ingraham, when he brought the guns of his
ship to bear upon the Austrian fugate, in the
harbor of Smyrna, and threatened to fire upon
her unless a man who was only in part a citizen
of the United States was surrendered, Ameri-
can citizens in foreign countries have not
received that protection which the obligations
no less than the honor of the American
people demanded.
Sir, the first duty of a nation is to protect
the lives, the rights, and the liberties of its
citizens in any part of the world in which they
may sojourn, and to avenge, at any and every
cost, with the strong and resolute arm of its
power, the slightest injury or wrong inflicted
upon them; and the Government that fails in
this duty is unworthy the esteem of its own
citizens. It cannot command respect abroad,
it cannot command confidence at home. It
becomes a subject for ridicule, contempt, and
insults, until finally there are none so poor
among the nations of the earth as to do it
reverence.
Jt is well known that during the late war
many who had taken up their residence in
America, with the intention of remaining here,
sought the protection of foreign consuls, and
thus through indifference or cowardice evaded
their obligations to the country in which they
lived; while others, both naturalized and native
born citizens, sought the shelter of the British
flag in a neighboring territory, and in that
way escaped the responsibilities which citi-
zenship entailed; but who is there North or
South that docs not despise those ingrates,
and which of those who were guilty of these
crimes, that would not shrink from the pub-
licity of their own shame and dishonor?
And yet, when a nation fails in its duty to
its citizens, is it any the less culpable than
the citizen who fails in his duty to his coun-
try? If a man through fear of losing his life
deserves condemnation for deserting his coun-
try in the hour of her peril, what shall be said
of the country that permits her citizen to
be murdered with impunity, or leaves him to
his fate to rot in chains in foreign dungeons?
I know there are men, and that we have our
share of them, who would place patriotism
and national honor in one side of the scales
of justice and dollars and cents in the other.
I know very well what their judgment would
be. Their love for dollars would make them
national cowards ; and the honor of their coun-
try and the lives of the best and bravest of her
sons would be as dross when weighed in the
scales with their own cupidity.
But, thank Heaven, the Republic has not
yet arrived at that stage of her dishonor and
decay when this elemeut will be permitted for
any length of time to steer the ship of State,
or mark out the course over which she must
sail. No, sir; with all our love for wealth and
eager pursuit of material interests there is
buried away deep down in the hearts of the
American people a chivalric sense of justice,
of honor, and of good faith, and however much
they may be lulled into a seeming spirit of in-
difference to either by the senile sophistries
of our Reverdy Johnsons and his class of
plum-pudding statesmen, who are permitted
by some mysterious power to exhibit them-
selves in the midst of a free people for some
wise, doubtless, but still inscrutable purpose,
yet, whenever the American people awake to
a realizing sense of the truth, they will de-
mand of their servants in power, in tones which
must be listened to, that they shall not sacri-
fice that sense of justice, without which no
people can be truly great, and the absence of
which leaves the best form of government
ever devised by man a sham and a fraud.
One of the best evidences of Rome's great-
ness in the days of the Ctesars was the fact
that wherever a Romau traveled the talisman
that all feared and respected, before which
the savage trembled and the monarch bowed,
was his simple utterance, " I am a citizen of
Rome;" and the proof of Rome's declension
and the forerunner of her fall was foreshad-
owed when the once magic name had lost its
power, and the citizenship of Rome was of no
more value than that of the meanest and weak-
est of nations. Even England, vile and indiffer-
ent as she is toward the masses of her people,
whom she brutalizes and starves in order to
sustain her aristocratic form of government,
never fails to protect her citizens abroad, well
knowing that if she did her prestige would be
lost and her power would soon follow it; and
for this, if for no other reason, her armies went
to Abyssinia and her vengeance followed the
bandits into the mountains of Greece; and
though her flag is hated in every part, of the
world, yet it protects her citizens, and it.i$
with shame and humiliation I have to acknowl-
edge that it is often invoked, and at our very
doors, too, to protect American citizens when
their own flag and their own Government faijl
to protect them. It has happened in Mexico;
it has happened in Cuba; and I am told it-is
a common occurrence for American citizens
doing business in Cuba to provide themselves
with British passports, and pass themselves off
as British subjects in consequence of the ani-
mosity entertained for Americans, and the cer-
tainty that their own Government will not- pro-
tect their rights nor their lives, nor avenge the
loss of either. Since the breaking out of the war
in Cuba an American consul, Mr. Philipsjhad
to fly for protection on board an English ship,
after being treated with great indignities and
his life threatened, and yet our G o vernment bore
it. It is but a few months ago twoyoungmen
left New York to engage in mercantile business
in Cuba, and while walking the streets of
Havana they were set upon by'soldiers and
foully murdered, for no cause save that they
wore neck-ties the color of which were offen-
sive to Valmaseda's butchers, a fact which .the
young men, being strangers, were ignorant'of.
I believe the chief of the murderers suffered
death; but the families of these men have
received no recompense for the pecuniary loss
sustained by their death, and our Government
has demanded no redress, or at least if they
have we have no knowledge of the fact.
And still later, eight young students, sons
of the best families in Cuba, were butchered
by order of a court-martial so called, but really
at the instigation of a mob of human wolves,
who howled for their young and innocent blood
to appease the ferocious spirit which now reigns
throughout so large a portion of the Queen of
the Antilles, and spares neither age nor sex
when the fury of its blind hate is once attracted
toward those who are suspected of harboring
a kind feeling for the patriot heroes of their
native land.
The murder of the students for a fancied
offense never committed, in its cold-blooded,
merciless, and uncalled-for infamy, shocked
the civilized world; human nature felt out-
raged in a deed committed by human hands,
the Christian sympathies of the world were
aroused, and but one sentiment, and that of
abhorrence, pervaded mankind wherever the
act was known and understood ; and yet a
resolution offered by me in this House at the
first of the session, expressive of the horror
entertained for the deed and its abettors by
this free and liberty-loving people, has not yet
been reported back from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, to which it was referred.
Sir, in a case of this kind I believe no ques-
tions of State policy or State etiquette should
have stifled the expression of the just and
proper and humane indignation of the Ameri-
can people in this their representative body ;
but no doubt the same policy which has closed
the eyes of the uatiou and prevented the death-
cries of thousands of Spanish victims in Cuba
from reaching their ears, by specious and tor-
tuous State documents and State inspirations
through the press, has counseled prudence to
the chairman of the committee, for I believe
his heart and manly American instincts revolt
at the seeming acquiescence of his committee
in the crimes committed in one of the fairest
portions of the earth, and I believe the com-
mittee of which he is the head would have
spoken out long since in the bold and brave
voice of the American Republic, denouncing
these crimes against God and liberty, and
demanding that the Administration, at all
hazards, should protect the life and liberty of
the humblest citizen who owes allegiance to
the American flag, and who has a right to
