1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
97
responsibilities. The Committee on Commerce
cannot sit down and repose upon the idea that
xhis new committee is to take charge of the
things which would otherwise pertain to it. On
the contrary the Senate will judge of the sub-
jects to be referred to the one_ committee and
to the other, and every committee will know,
as it should know, what is expected of it, and
what has been committed to some other organ
of the Senate.
Thus, I submit to the honorable Senator
from Missouri, there is not the slightest incon-
sistency on the part of those who disbelieve in
the propriety of having one committee over
ail committees, and who yet believe in the
propriety of having an additional committee
to which large classes of subjects may be re-
ferred, and Jl think my friend will agree with
me, if I make myself clear, that there is no
inconsistency in this.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will my friend permit me
a word ?
Mr. CONKLING. I always permit the
Senator.
Mr. SCHURZ. I will not call it inconsist-
ency. I will call it progress of opinion.
Mr. CONKLING. Progress of opinion 1
Well, Mr. President, as my honorable friend
is more accomplished and polished in phrases
than I am, I render him my gratitude for
these softly chosen words.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Call it "civil reform."
Mr. CONKLING. My other friend from
Vermont says it is a civil reform, and I wish
to adopt both these suggestions.
My objection to the proposition now pend-
ing as an amendment, grows first out of its
uncertainty. If a new committee is to be
created, I should like to know when we create
it the nature and scope of its powers, or at
least, to have provided some time and some
way in the future by which we may ascertain
what its scope and nature are to be.
In what predicament shali we find ourselves
in this regard under the language of the amend-
ment? That language has received construc-
tion from very high authority. The honorable
Senator from Missouri lias construed it. He
has construed it not only in his own mind, but
lie has suited the action to the word, and en-
forced his construction of it, he tells us, here-
tofore. lie told us of his interpretation of it
the other day in reply to the honorable Sen
ator from New Jersey, and he construed it with
an amplitude and as embracing powers which
I am constrained to believe as foreign to it as
any declaration of the Koran is foreign to the
Lord's prayer. Yet so the Senator understands
it. Other Senators differ utterly with the Sen-
ator from Missouri.
The honorable Senator from Indiana on my
left understands this language as conferring no
right to act as a grand jury, or to investigate
frauds or thefts. He understands that this
language confers no right wuatever to investi-
gate frauds. So I undeistand it; and hence
my surprise, when a Senator, now in my eye,
stated the other day that I encountered this
proposition by a minor proposition antagonistic
to it, because I moved that the Military Com-
mittee should investigate a fraud perpetrated
by a man whose act violated the Rules and Arti-
cles of War. and who was tried by a military
tribunal and condemned under the Rules and
Articles of War. My honorable friend from Il-
linois, [Mr. Logan,] to whose military knowl-
edge I of course defer, thought it not altogether
reasonable to suppose the Military Committee
the suitable organ of the Senate to investigate
a fraud, itself a felony civilly, but which in this
case was an offense committed by a man in the
military service, against the Rules and Articles
of War, tried by a judge advocate before a court-
martial upon charges and specifications, and
condemned by that tribunal.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the Senator excuse me
for a correction?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. My suggestion was not that
42t> Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 7-
the Military Committee would be an improper
committee to investigate that or any other
question which might be referred to it; but it
was thus : it was said by the Senator from
New York and others that the committees
should have matters referred to them pertain-
ing to the business of their committees to in-
vestigate. My suggestion was that the fact
that this man had committed a fraud was an
established fact, and therefore it needed no
investigation ; that he was undergoing punish-
ment for the fraud that was established before
a judicial tribunal, and hence the investiga-
tion here would be as to the mode of prevent-
ing frauds of that character in future ; and in-
asmuch as that would be the investigation,
the I^inanee Committee should conduct it, be-
cause it appertained to the duties of the Audit-
ors of the Treasury Department. That was
my suggestion.
Mr. CONKLING. So, Mr. President, in
substance, I understood my honorable friend,
and so I vi-nture to remind him of the palpa-
ble propriety, as it, seems to me. of the invest-
igation of this offense by the Committee on
Military Affairs. True, the culprit has been
tried and convicted before a court-martial; but
th& gravamen of the resolution was to inquire
whether other men, conniving with him, or,
without conniving, careless and heedless in
connection with him, had allowed this great
wrong to be done, when vigilance on their part
would have prevented it; and I thmk my hon-
orable fiiend, on reflection, will, agree with me
that the Military Committee is the appropriate
one to investigate such a subject. This, how-
ever, is apart from ttie purpose.
1 was reminding the Senate that upon this
very language now proposed as an appendage
to the resolution creating this committee, the
Senator from Missouri stated that the former
committee acted, and gave to it an interpieta-
tion wliiuh I venture to say would be dis-
carded by every lawyer in the Senate.
Mr. SOHURZ. Will the Senator allow me
a word ?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. SCHURZ. I do not remember the
exact language I used in my conversation with
the Senator from New Jersey; but I think I
am not wrong in saying that 1 merely stated
that the Committee on Retrenchment so in-
terpreted its powers as to initiate investiga-
tions of its own motion. I think that was
about all.
Mr. CONKLIN G. Without the Globe before
me, I venture to refresh the recollection of
the Senator by reminding him that the Senator
from New Jersey, with remarkable clearness
and brevity, directed the attention of the Sen-
ate t.o the fact that my resolution directing an
investigation of the llodge embezzlement in
no way conflicted with the resolution now
offered as an amendment, and to the further
fact that if the resolution offered by the Senator
from Illinois prevailed, it would still be neces-
sary for the Senate to direct some committee
to investigate the case of Hodge, because this
language would not and could not carry power
to make the investigation. It was this that
the Senator from Missouri most emphatically
and with much animation denied, declaring
that it would be within the power of the com-
mittee to do it without additional authority ;
that the language was clear, and not only so,
but by way of driving the nail and clinching
it, he assured the Senator from New Jersey
that the committee had always thus construed
this very language, and had acted in cases on
all-fours with the irlcdge case as to the powers
of the committee. [Mr. Schuhz nodded.]
Very well, then, the Senator from Missouri
and myself, judging from his nod, are now
in accord as to his statement.
Mr. President, I say then that here is a
proposition to encumber this committee with
language seeking to define its powers or to
render them undefined, upon which language
on the threshold there is a diametrical opposi-
tion of opinion. One Senator understands
that it means one thing, and I think the great
body of the Seriate understand that it mears
another narrower thing, and a committee act-
ing under it has been, according to the Sena-
tor from Missouri, transcending, m good faith,
no doubt, the limits of the language itself and
all its implications.
Mr. SCHURZ. I would remind the Sena-
tor of the fact that the committee, time and
again, after having investigated eases of their
own motion, made reports to the Senate, and
that the Senate always received them as a
matter of course, being, as I thought and still
think,perfectly cognizant of the modus operandi
of the committee.
Mr. CONKLING. I have not denied that.
I do not wish to be drawn into any discussion
of what the committee did or omitted. 1 say
nothing now in that, regard. I am simply ar-
guing the inexpediency of ensnarlmg the pend-
ing resolution with a needless and ambiguous
amendment, the meaning of which is matter
of doubt.
But, Mr. President, I have another objection
to this. The general and vague terms of which
1 am speaking will unsettle in a great degree
the understandings and obligations now resting
upon the other standing committees. It is
proposed to employ this language, they are to
inquire " what, are the me'hods of procuring
accountability in public officers or agents in
the care and disbursement of public money?''
These powers, as to place and time, are uni-
versal. They apply just as much to one
branch of the service as to another. Now,
what is the Committee on Commerce to under-
stand? Is the Committee on Commerce to
understand that it, is exonerated, after this
committee is erected, from all further duties or
obligations as to so much of th'is matter as per-
tains to its domain? Is that committee to un-
derstand tliat, without any order of the Senate
directing the new committee to inquire or to
do anything, the Committee on Commerce may
fold its hands and go to sleep as to al! the
abuses in the consular system; as to every-
thing relative to the manifold transactions and
instrumentalities of commerce? That would
be a great relief to the Committee on Com-
merce, but, I think it would be very unwise.
Mr. SCIIULIZ. Does the Senator expect
an answer from me?
Mr. CONKLIN 0. 1 am always glad to have
an answer from the Senator, though 1 have no
right to expect one just now.
Mr. SCHUilZ. I would say that while the
Committee on Retrenchment was investigating
cases which might properly be looked upon as
belonging to the jurisdiction of the Committee
on Commerce, nevertheless the Committee on
Commerce went on performing its duties just
as before, andinvestigating subject? also. There
was no conflict of jurisdiction.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator,
I submit, to him, is very lame in making that
suggestion again, for t'.vo reasons: one is that
this investigation to which he lias called our
attention was under the express direction of
the Senate, of which we all had notice.
Mr. SCHURZ. I was not alludiDg to that
investigation at all.
Mr. CONKLIN G. To what was the Senator
alluding?
Mr. SCHUilZ. There was the transit route
question, lor instance; and a great many other
subjects were investigated.
Mi. CONKLING. i have no doubt of it;
and I think ihe Senator will see that that is
no answer to the suggestion I make. Bur he
reminds me of another thing to which I wished
to al.ude, aud I Will do it here. He spoke
twice of havmg been '"cut off"' in the act of
making an investigation touching great abuses
in the geiieial-ordcr business in the city of
New York. I will send to the Secretary and
have read as a part, of my remarks the con-
cluding paragraph of the report referred to by
the Senator, made after the investigation in
