1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S681
During the call of the roll,
Mr. McINTYRE said: My colleague from
Georgia, Mr. Du Bose, is confined to his
room by sickness. If he were here he would
vote " no."
Mr. HOLMAN said: My colleague from
Indiana, Mr. Kerb, is detained from the
House by sickness. He is paired with Mr.
Maynakd, of Tennessee. If he were here he
would on this proposition vote " no."
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
Mr. PALMER. I move that the amend-
ments of the Senate which have been non-
concurred in by the House be sent to a com-
mittee of conference.
The motion was agreed to; and it was so
oi'dered.
Mr. PALMER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the committee of conference was
ordered; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the consideration
of the sundry civil appropriation bill.
Mr. L. MYERS. I rise to a privileged
question. I am instructed by the Committee
011 Foreign Affairs, authorized to report at
any time, to report back the centennial bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman that the Committee on
Foreign Affairs have an evening session as-
signed to them to-night, and that the bill may
with more propriety be then reported.
Mr. L. MYERS. The House is not full at
the evening session. The commission meets
to-morrow, and it is desirable that this bill
shall pass immediately. It will cause, I think,
very little discussion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I again ask the
gentleman to postpone this until to-night, when
his committee is authorized to report.
The SPEAKER. The position of the ques-
tion is this: the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. L. Myers] is authorized to report
this bill at any time from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs; but the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, has the right to try
the sense of the House on going into Commit-
tap t ho w hnle
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to try
the sense of the House on that question. I
decline to yield to the gentleman unless the
House shall so determine.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before the sense of the
House is taken on that question, I ask the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] to
yield to me to report back from the Committee
of Ways and Means the bill (H. R. No. 2565)
to provide for the issue of bonds in lieu of
destroyed or defaced bonds of the United
States, with a Senate amendment.
The amendment of the Senate is in the na-
ture of a substitute, and merely incorporates
one or two additional safeguards which the
bill as it passed the House did not contain.
1 suggest that only the amendment ofthe Sen-
ate, which is the text proposed to be enacted
into law, be read.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard]
reporting this bill from the Committee of Ways
and Means for present consideration ?
Mr. HOAR. I object.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committeon En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found duly enrolled bills of the
following titles ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 2406) graating a pension
to Margaret Riley; and
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 231.
An act (H. R. No. 1210) granting a pension
to Nathan Morgan.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the same
committee, reported that the committee had
examined and found duly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same :
An act (S. No. 468) to regulate criminal
practice in the Federal courts ; and
An act (S. No. 163) for the relief of Mrs.
Martha L. House Russell.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now insist on
taking the sense of the House on my motion
that the rules be suspended and that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union for the consideration
of the sundry civil appropriation bill.
The question being put, the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
2705) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report
the pending amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
After line two hundred and eleven, on page 10,
insert these words :
To pay Charles W. Seaton for the relinquishment
of all claims against the United States for the use at
the ninth or any subsequent census of his invention
of a tallying-maehine for which letters-patent were
allowed by the United States Patent Office February
19, 1872, $15,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope this
amendment will prevail.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
rose last evening tellers had been ordered on
this amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the com-
mittee will allow me to say a word, I desire
to state that the Superintendent of the Census
has informed me that if he had to take the
next census, with this machine or without it,
he would consent to take the machine and do
the work for $160,000 less than he could do
it without the machine. Where the brains of
a clerk in the Department have done this ser-
vice and can do this service for the Govern-
ment, I think we ought to allow him the com-
pensation here provided for.
Mr. RANDALL. I think this is in the
nature of a claim and has no business here.
Mr. HIBBARD. I desire to move an
amendment to the amendment. I move to
strike out "$15,000," and insert "$5,000."
Mr. L. MYERS. It is not the judgment
of the Committee oo Patents that this man
should have so little compensation.
Mr. HIBBARD. This is a matter which it
is very difficult for any gentleman to under-
stand who has not seen this machine. It was
called yesterday a tallying-machine, and from
some remarks which were made it would seem
that the impression is sought to be created that
the machine does the work of tallying. I
wish to say to the committee that this is not
so, that this machine does not make any marks
nor save any marks ; the marks all have to be
made just the same with the machine as with-
out it. It simply saves time in finding the
places for the marks.
Now, I ask gentlemen of this committee if
they do not themselves know that it could not
possibly take four fifths of the time in taking
the tally of age, sex, nativity, and other figures,
to find the place and not more than one filth
of the time to do the business when you
have found the place. I am informed, and I
believe it to be true, that these tests which were
presented yesterday do not give us the correct
state of this case. In the first place the clerks
when they began this investigation were all of
them inexperienced, and the tables which we
have give the results of their examination
from time to time early in this work. The
slowest of the clerks were discharged, and
the most rapid workers retained. Such I
understand to be the unquestioned fact, and
the tables that have been made up by the aid
of this machinery have been made ud by the
most experienced workers in the whole de-
partment.
I wish to sav further that I am informed and
believe it to be true that the clerks have begun
to work earlier and have worked later than
has been customary since this machine was
employed; that some of them have begun
work as early as e'ght o'clock in the morning,
and have taken their machines home at night
and worked there in order to swell and in-
crease the amount of busin ess done. I do not
state this to be the fact, nor do I exactly say
that it was done with reference to increasing
the demand which might be made in favor of
this applicant; it may have been largely and
possibly altogether in order to hasten the pro-
gress of the work. I submit that these tables
are not correct when taken in this rapid man-
ner, and I state, as I stated yesterday, that it
is a fact that these tables do not embrace the
whole work which the tables did which were
taken before this machine was used. On the
contrary, the work of making all the correc-
tions, the work of making recapitulations of
towns, counties, and other subdivisions remains
to be done after the tables are completed.
Now, Mr. Chairman, under all the circum-
stances of this case, although I have no objec-
tion to paying this applicant something, I do
not believe it to be just or right to pay him
$15,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This is a mat-
ter about which I hope the Committee of the
Whole will not higgle. If this man's work,
his invention, his brains are not wonh the
sum put in here, vote out the whole thing, but
to beat down the man to the price of $5,000
for what has been testified to by everybody
having anything to do with it as being worth
to the Government not less than $90,000 in
taking the present census seems to be a piti-
ably small business. I hope the committee
will either voie the whole thing down or will
putin the sum reported by the committee.
I will say furthermore that two committees
of the House, the Committee on Patents and
the Committee on Appropriations, have heard
this case carefully and fully, and the Superin-
tendent of the Census, than whom a better
and a nobler officer is not in our service, has
recommended this appropriation. I hope the
House will act upon his recommendation.
The question was taken upon Mr. Hib-
bard's amendment to the amendment, and it
was disagreed to.
Mr. Sargent's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CREBS. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in at the end of the paragraph
last read:
Provided, That the money appropriated by this
act for filling up the canal in theeity of Washington
shall not be drawn from the Treasury or used until
r commission of five scientific men to be named by
Professor Henry, of the Smithsonian Institution,
shall examine and report whether the filling up or
reopening of the canal will best conduce to the
health and convenience of the city.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the
point of order that we have passed that subject.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
point of order is not well taken.
Mr. CREBS. It certainly cannot be well
taken.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Why not ? This
is new legislation.
Mr. CREBS. Not at all.
The CHAIRMAN. It is a proposition to
limit the effect of an appropriation, and the
Chair holds it to be in order.
Mr. CREBS. Mr. Chairman, I only desire
to say a word on the amendment which I have
offered. We have by this bill, in lines one
hundred and sixteen and following, made an
