994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
The SPEAKER. What was the bill ?
Mr. ELDREDGE. The educational bill.
The SPEAKER. The inquiry of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin is a proper and per-
tinent one, and the Chair desires to answer
the gentleman's inquiry. The motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts is to make this
bill the special order for the second Tuesday
in March after the morning hour, without the
usual words " to the exclusion of other busi-
ness," which the order in relation to the edu-
cational bill had. It has been the practice of
the House to make special orders for a partic-
ular day to the exclusion of all other orders,
but that is not the proposition in the present
case. But a special order, such as it is pro-
posed to make this bill, will not be subject to so
stiingeiit regulations. It will be reached unless
the House shall determine to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole, or to adopt some other course
more highly privileged. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] proposes that
this bill shall be made a special order for the
second Tuesday in March. The colleague of
the gentleman [Mr. Banks] suggests the first
Tuesday in March, as the Chair understands.
Mr. BANKS. The third Tuesday in March.
The SPEAKER. Then this would interfere
with a previous order for that day.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
promise the gentleman that I will call the pre-
vious question on the bill as soon as there has
been sufficient discussion to present the bill
properly before the House. I will not take
up the time of the House unnecessarily.
Mr. BANKS. If theprevious question can be
called 011 the second or third day, I will have
no objection.
The SPEAKER. There can be no such
understanding as will bind the House. There
may be an understanding between the gentle-
men.
Mr. BANKS. I will not object with that
understanding.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the question is waived concerning this
being a report of the committee if it is to be
made a special order, as proposed. The Clerk
will read the rule in relation to the question
whether a committee has been authorized to
make a report.
The Clerk read as follows:
Xf it is disputed that a report has been ordered to
be made by a committee the Question of reception
must be put to the House."
The SPEAKER. That question having been
waived, the question is, "Shall this bill be
received and made the special order-for the
second Tuesday in March next, and from iky
to day until disposed of?"
No objection was made; and accordingly
the bill (H. R. No. 1427) revising and amend-
ing the laws relative to the mints, assay offices,
and coinage of the United States was reported
from rhe Committee on Coinage, Weights, and
Measures, and made the special order for the
second Tuesday of March, and from day to
day till disposed of.
public building at albany, new york.
_ Mr. HALSEY, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, reported a bill (H.
R. No. 1534) to provide for a building for the
use of the post office, custom-house, United
States circuit and district courts, and internal
revenue offices at Albany, New York; which
was read a first and second time.
Ihe question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to cause to be constructed
a fire-proof buildi ng at Albany, New York, on
a central and suitable site to be donated to
the United States by the city or citizens of
Albany, suitable for the accommodation of
the custom-house, post office, United States
circuit and district courts, and internal revenue
offices in that city, at a cost not exceeding the
Sum of $350,000; bat before commencing
work on the building he shall cause plans
and estimates to be made therefor, so that no
expenditure shall be made or authorized there-
for exceeding the sum herein named, said
building to be constructed under the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury ; provided
that no money which may hereafter be appro-
priated for this purpose shall be used or applied
to the erection of the building until a valid
title to the site thereof shall be vested in the
United States, and until the State of New York
shall cede its jurisdiction over the same, and
shall also duly release and relinquish to the
United States the right to tax or in any way
assess the site or the property of the United
States that may be thereon during the time
that the United States shall be or remain the
owner thereof.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire whether
there is any custom-house at Albany, New
York? I believe there is not.
Mr. HALSEY. There is a custom-house
there.
Mr. HOLMAN. I presume it is a port of
delivery.
Mr. HALSEY. The duties collected there
last year were over three hundred thousand
dollars.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire whether
any public buildings at all have been erected
by the Government of the United States in the
city of Albany?
Mr. HALSEY. Not any.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that there has been no post office
or other public building erected there?
Mr. HALSEY. No public building what-
ever has been erected in Albany by the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. WOOD. Government owns no building
Mr. POTTER. There is no Government
building in Albany.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do not the Federal courts
hold regular sessions there ?
Mr. HALSEY. They do, in the city hall.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the Government has
erected no public building there, and it is a
port of entry, which I believe it is not  
Mr. HALSEY. It is; and on goods en-
tered there duties were collected last year
amounting to more than three hundred thou
sand dollars.
Mr. HOLMAN. There would seem to be
some reason for the erection there of a build-
ing for the post office and Federal courts, but
the appropriation is certainly a very large one.
Mr. HALSEY. I will occupy the floor only
for a moment and then yield to other gentle-
men who desire to speak upon this bill. The
building provided for in this bill is most
urgently needed, Albany being among those
cities that have long suffered inadequate ac-
commodations from the General Government
in the matter of public offices. By way of
information to the House I will state that
Albany at the last census had a population
of over 133,000, and it should be remembered
that the city has large commercial and manu-
facturing interests; her lumber-yards alone
covering over one hundred and ten acres of
ground. It is the terminus of the Erie canal,
and the central point of a large railroad cir-
cuit. The total receipts of the post office at
that city during the last year were over one
hundred and fifty-five thousand dollars. The
internal revenue collected there since 1863
amounts to over fifteen million dollars. The
pension agent at that city has over eleven
thousand pensioners on his rolls, and patd out
during the last year over one million seven
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Ihere are no quarters or conveniences what-
ever in the city of Albany for the accommo-
dation of the United States courts which the
Government can control. The courts some-
times sit in the fourth story of the city hall,
sometimes in the supervisors' room, sometimes
elsewhere. There are no permanent quarters!
whatever. The total absence of all accom-
modation, not only for the post office, ihe
custom-house, and the United States courts,
but for all uses required by the General Gov-
ernment ; the fact that Albany is the capital
of the State, that her population ranks among
the largest, cities, and that a Government
building of no kind has ever been erected
there : these and other valid reasons have in-
duced the committee to report this bill, and
the report was agreed to unanimously.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, the Com-
mittee on Appropriations dating the last
Congress was charged with the coiisideiation
of this question of appropriations for public
buildings, and in the performance of their
duty they considered the proposi'ion for the
erection of a public building at, Albany. The
committee came to the conclusion—1 do not
remember whether it was unanimous, but cer
tainiy it was concurred in by a large majority
of the committee—that if a public building
was needed anywhere outside of the great
metropolitan cities Albany certainly had us
strong a claim as any place. The committee
therefore recommended an appropriation for
that purpose; but it was defeated in the House
in connection with many other similar propo-
sitions. I think that if we pass any biil of
this sort we ought to pass this.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I fully concur
with what my colleague on the committee [Mr.
Holmax] has said on this subject: and I wish
to call attention to what the Secretary of ihe
Treasury lias said in regard to these public
buildings in his last annual report. On the
twelfth page of that document he enumerates
the public works now in progress, and then
says:
"The prosecution of these works—four of which
are of great importance—-in connection with public
buildings to be erected nt Chicago, and the erection
of marine hospitals at Pittsburg, San Francisco, and
Isew York, wiil, m my opinion, sufficiently occupy
the supervising architect of the Treasury and the
force at his command. I cannot, tiieretore. advise
appropriations for other public buildings until pome
ol those in process of construction shall have been
completed. The points at which the erection or
repair of public buildings is most needed are Hart-
ford, Indianapolis, Cincinnati, and St. Louis."
The Secretary of the Treasury, m addition
to the statement in his report, said, when talk-
ing over the whole matter of public build-
ings befoie the Committee on Appropriations,
that the force now employed on public build-
ings cannot do more than they now have on
hand ; and the four places named, if so many
should be added, aie those most requiring the
attention of the Government in the erection
of public buildings. Now, the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds have brought in
a proposition lor an entirely new budding—
not a building at any of the four places named
by the Secretary as those most important—a
public building at a point which, as I under-
stand. was di.-.cussed last year by the Commit-
tee on Appropriations and decided to be a
place where such a budding was not necessary.
I hope the House of Representatives will not
at this time take up a nevy proposition, beyin
a new and great work, when the Government
already has on hand far more work ot this
kind than can h? done during the year, in-
deed if we do this work we must so scatter
our efforts that we shall have a groat group of
public buildings—some half finished, some just
begun, some _ three fourths finished—public
buildings in all the various stages of erection,
but,none completed; thus scattering our money*
as it seems to me, most unwisely.
I hope, therefore, the House will not at this
time authorize the beginning of this new and
great work. We ought to inquire, first of all,
how much can we afford to expend in begin-
ning new structures, and next where are the
points ot most importance. We have already
passed on Chicago and St. Louis; these stood
out in special impoitance. it is now pro-
posed to jump over the remaining points re-
garded by the Secretary as most important,
