3682
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
appropriation of about seventy thousand dol-
lars for filling up the canal in the eity of
Washington.
By the fifth section of an act passed in 1870
■we made an appropriation of $50,000 to open
and dredge the canal. The same act making
that, appropriation required that the city of
Washington should add $100,000 in order to
open and dredge the canal. The city made
that appropriation, and the money has been
expended ; and not only that amount, hot, as
I believe, very nearly one hundred thousand
dollars more. Now Congress makes an appro-
priation of $70,000 to till up the canal which
we have already appropriated money to open.
There is still a dispute, or doubt rather, as
to whether this canal should be opened and
kept open or filled up. Some of the ablest
medical men of the city believe that it will be
dangerous to the health of the city if it is not
kept open. Other medical men believe that it
should be filled up. They have not come to
any conclusion upon the subject; and until
some conclusion can be reached I simply ask
that the appropriation here proposed shall not
be used. We have appropriated $50,000 to
open the canal, and it has been expended and
wholly wasted. We are now asked to appro-
priate $70,000 more to fill up the very work
we have opened; and that is equally liable to
be wasted.
Professor Henry is one of those who believe
that the canal should be filled up. I therefore
propose to give all advantage to the friends of
the measure by directing that he shall appoint a
commission to examine this question thor-
oughly and see whether it should be filled up or
kept open. Let us ascertain what should be
done before we spend another $70,000 upon this
work. We ought to stop some time in our
reckless appropriations; we ought to know
something about what we are spending money
for, and not appropriate $50,000 one day to
accomplish a certain purpose, and then appro-
priate $70,000 the next day to undo the same
work. It seems to me that such legislation
ought to be stopped ; that it would be well to
pause and consider awhile before we carry out
schemes presented by men having no definite
idea themselves what they want. I simply
ask 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STARKW BATHER. I understand
that the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Crebs] proposes that the canal
shall not be filled until there has been an
expression of opinion ori the subject from
Professsor Henry and other scientific men.
Mr. CREBS. Until a commission to be
appointed by Professor Henry shall decide
upon the question.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Professor Henry
and a number of other scientific men were be-
fore the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia. As members know, the institution over
which Professor Henry presides is adjacent to
this canal. The testimony of Professor Henry
on this subject was perfectly conclusive, as
was the great majority of the testimony, in
showing that as a matter of economy, of health,
and in every other point, of view it is indispen-
sable that the canal should be filled. Wealso
had before us as a witness the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,], who formerly
investigated this subject. Everybody who
was accessible and who we supposed could en-
lighten the committee, was before us; and after
the fullest hearing the conclusion reached was
that it was undoubtedly proper that the canal
should be filled. There were differences
among the members of the committee in re-
gard to other points; but upon the question
whether the canal should be filled there was
no member of the committee, unless it was
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Crebs,] who
said the canal should not be filled. Even the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Roosevelt.]
who signed the minority report, said that the
canal was a nuisance, and that it was indis-
pensable to the health of the city that it should
be filled up. There were no two opinions
upon this subject. Professor Henry, as well as
every other scientific man we have had before us
agrees that it is indispensable to the health of
the city that this canal should be filled just as it
is being filled.
Mr. CREBS. The gentleman is mistaken
in that regard.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Congress has
spent thousands and thousands of dollars in'
dredging that noisome, unhealthy canal with-
out any profit. The very next season after it
has been dredged out at an immense expense,
the tide setting in brings the accumulation back,
and all the money expended in dredging it is
lost; so that there can be no question that the
work now being done in filling this canal is
perfectly proper. This has been shown by a
great mass of evidence to the satisfaction of
every member of the committee, unless the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Crebs] is an
exception. No one who will go and look at
that canal, full of filth and all manner of un-
cleanness, can doubt that the coarse now being
taken by Congress and the District govern-
ment in respect to the filling of that canal is
perfectly proper.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Crebs, there were—ayes 10, noes 43;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Stark-
weather and Mr. Crebs were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 37, noes 93.
• So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee on Appropriations to move
to amend by adding after the pending paragraph
the following:
Supervising inspectors of steam vessels:
For carrying out the provisions of the act for the
better protection of the lives of passengers on ves-
sels propelled in whole or in part by steam, and of
the acts amendatory thereof, the following sums,
namely:
For salaries of steamboat inspectors, payment of
salaries of supervising inspector general, supervis-
ing inspectors, local inspectors, assistant inspectors,
and clerks. $165,400.
Contingent expenses of steamboat extension
service :
Expense of instruments, stationery, meetings of
tho board of supervising inspectors, mileage of
supervising inspectors at $1,000 each, and other
miscellaneous expenses, $91,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
message from the president.
The committee rose informally ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair,
A message from the Presideut. by Mr.
Porter, his Private Secretary, informed the
House that the President had approved and
signed bills of the House of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 207) for the relief of
Robert L. D. Burchfield ;
An act (H. R. No. 546) for the relief of
Charles F. Tracy ;
An act (H. R. No. 1072) to fix the times for
holding United States courts in the eighth
circuit;
An act (H. R. No. 1182) to create an addi-
tional land district in the State of Minnesota;
An act (H. R. No. 1654) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872, and for
former years, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 1958) to authorize the
city of Buffalo, New York, to construct a tun-
nel under Niagara river, and to erect and
maintain an inlet-pier therefrom for purpose
of supplying the city of Buffalo with pure
w&tsr *
An act (H. R. No. 2042) for the relief of
Fannie M. Jackson;
An act (H. R. No. 2093) to grant an Amer-
ican register to the Hawaiian bark Florence ;
An act (H. R. No. 2290) regulating the
mode of making private contracts with In-
dians;
An act (H. R. No. 2313) to authorize the
construction of a bridge over the tide-water
of Dunstan river, in the State of Maine;
An act (H. R. No. 2341) to allow the pleas-
ure yacht Red Hot to take the name of Addie-
Parker, and be registered under that name ;
An act (H. R. No. 2567) to authorize the
issue of a supply of arms to the authorities of
the Territory of Montana;
An act (fl. R. No. 2627) to enable the city
of Denver to purchase certain lands in Col-
orado for a cemetery;
An act (H. R. No. 2682) authorizing the
construction of a public building at Fall River,
in the State of Massachusetts; and
An act (H. R. No. 2685) to establish an
additional land district in the Territory of
Dakota.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union resumed its session.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by inserting after the amendment just
adopted the following:
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives to purchase such books as may not be within
his control as public property as may be necessary
to carry into effect a joint resolution approved June
8,1868, entitled " A joint resolution to supply books
and public documents to the National Asylum tor
Disabled Volunteer Soldiers," $1,080, the books to be
forwarded by him to the libraries named therein.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I move the following
amendment:
For a law library for the Territory of Colorado,
$2,500, the said library to be selected by the chief
justioo of the sitid Territory.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will wait until we get to the Territories,
aud not insist at this place.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I withdraw my amend-
ment for the present.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury building, Washington, District of Colum-
bia,: for annual repairs and improvements,$15,000;
for improvements and repairs of heating apparatus,
$9,000; for additional coal-vaults and subway for
fuel, $30,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to
strike out the words "for additional coal-
vaults and subway for fuel, $30,000." It is
here by mistake.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For continuation of the construction of the build-
ing for a custom-house at New Orleans, Louisiana,
$300,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike
that out for the purpose of ascertaining how
many million dollars this work has already
cost the United States.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The amount
for completing it is, I believe, $720,000. The
amount asked for this year is $470,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But what I wish to
know is how many million dollars has this
work already cost the United States?
Mr. GARBTELD, of Ohio. That is a long
story. It was built once, but it was found
to be so badly built it became necessary to
reconstruct the whole building. They had a
most singular thing in New Orleans ever heard
of before in reference to these public works ;
they had what is called a commissioner of
pritd
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is in reference
to the settling of the building.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. A commis-
sioner of settlements, not for the settlement
of accounts, but for the settlement of the build-
ing, whose business it was to record the num-
ber of inches per month or per year the build-
ing settled. He was absolutely paid a salary
out of the Treasury of the United States for
the discharge of his duties as commissioner of
settlements. That was before the war. Since
