2786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
from the Atlantic to the Pacific shores, and 111
every newspaper throughout the country. You
would make this Hall ring with your eloquence
until its echoes reached the House at the other
end of the avenue, and its occupant made to
realize that the words which nearly twenty
years ago I heard Franklin Pierce utter on
the front steps of this Capitol have taken deep
root in the Ameiican heart. "That flag, said
he, " shall protect an American citizen where
ever his foot yhail be."
Surely, what vou would do for your own
father, brother,"or friend, you are in duty
bound to do for a felloiv-citizen. As men who
love your country, her flag, and her honor,
you must castTaside the unworthy appeals and
special pleas which are made to your tears,
your selfishness, and your credulity, in justi-
fication of the great wrongs inflicted upon an
American citizen. His vast estates have been
confiscated, Ins person covered with outrage
and indignity, and his life decreed to end as a
convict. Let the Representatives in Congress
of the American Republic demand their res-
toration and his liberty, and then, knowing we
are right, and doing what is right, let us have
no fears but the result will be such as will do
honor to our country and form one of the
brightest episodes in her history.
And now, Mr. Speaker, while I am upon
this Cuban subject. I desire to say a few words
in relation to that island. In the few moments
left to me 1 can only glance at the subject,
which 1 should like to discuss more fully than
time will now permit.
I hope, however, to have an opportunity
ere long, for 1 believe the march of events
in that unhappy island, as well as the tem-
per of the American people, will ere long
demand a different policy in regard to Cuba
from that which the Government has been
pursuing in-the past. For lour years we have
beheld a sanguinary struggle at our very doors
between the forces of freedom and despotism ;
(or Ibur years we have looked ou with cold
and unsympathetic gaze at a mere handful of
patriots on one side, fighting for right, for
justice, and for freedom, against, a constantly
replenishing army of pel haps ten times their
numbers oil the other We have seen the laws
of civilized vvarfaie set aside by the Spanish
authoi iliea, and the patriots taken in battle
shot down in cold blood. We have read of
atrocities I had supposed were confined to
British savages in Ireland, which makes the
blood creep at the recital. Wehave beheld for
four years on the island of Cuba a struggle
going on similar to that which took place on
this continent between 177G and 1781; and
though our hearts respond to every brave deed
of the struggling colonists, and, 1 trust, with
gratitude for the generous and timely aid
received from foreign nations, yet we refuse to
recognize the Cuban patriots as belligerents
after four years of warfare carried on against
greatly superior numbers and" resources, and
against so implacable and merciless a foe;
and though they are practising the principles
upon which the very foundation of this Re-
public rests, the sacred right of revolution
whenoppiessiou becomes too bitter to be borne
and no other appeal save one to arms remains,
still wo coldly turn our backs upon the men
who are fighting for freedom, at our very
doors; and not that alone, but we tell them
that they shall not be permitted to purchase
or receive aid from us, but that we will sell
the tyrant ships aud provisions and guns and
powder and ball, to enable their foes to
slaughter them, and that Spanish soldiers may
hold high carnival over hectacombs of mur-
dered Cubans.
From the 1st of November, 1868, to the 1st
of December, 1871, we sold ninety thousand
stand of the best arms, chiefly Hemiugton
rifles, to the Spanish authorities in Cuba; we
built and equipped for them thirty gun-boats,
to enable tliem to guard the waters around
the island and protect the coasts; we have
strained our laws to prevent a man or a mus-
ket from going to the patriots, on the ground
that they were not belligerents, simp.y be-
cause we. their near and powerful neighbors
and natural ally, refused to recognize them as
such, although they have been in the field with
nearly ten thousand soldiers for nearly four
years, and nearly ten thousand Cuban patriots
have been shot or executed as prisoners ot
war, while Spain has lost since the revolution
began in Cuba fully thirty thousand soldiers
of her regular army. A
But, ther., I suppose this_ is diplomacy and
good faith to a friendly nation, and if we are
told that by our assistance to Spain and our
denial of equal privileges, of equal rights, and
an honest neutrality to the Cubans that we
have prolonged the struggle and_ are responsi-
ble for much of the blood shed_in it, why, we
can answer in the words of Cain: Am I my
brother's keeper?"
I am certain. Mr. Speaker, that the more
this subject of Cuban belligerency is discussed
by the Representatives of the American people
the more they will see the justice, the wisdom,
and the humanity of granting it; and that, in
order to be just to themselves and the tradi-
tions of their country, they are bound to rec-
ognize the belligerent rights of the Cuban
patriots.
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Speaker, the question
submitted to the judgment of the House is, if
the House lias any jurisdiction of1 it at all, one
of the gravest consequence. The question
what constitutes a person a citizen of the Uni-
ted States is of itself a question ot great im-
portance, a question which has been consid-
ered by the various judicial tribunals of the
country in our early history, and its limitations
fixed and established by judicial decision. _ It
is a question of importance as well to the citi-
zen himself as to the Government of which lie
is a part. When a proposition is presented
which adds to this question of citizenship the
other question as to the obligation which rests
upon the Government to protect its citizen,
whether at home or abroad, the matter is
vastly increased in its consequences and im-
jjoitanee.
I have noticed in the short time during
which I have had the honor to be a member
of this body, that this question of citizenship
has been discussed by gentlemen on the other
side of the House at least in very different
tempers upon different occasions. When it is a
question of protecting American citizens who
may have gone abroad, who may have become
domiciled abroad, and who may have com-
mitted offenses against the country in which
they have taken up their residence, either
temporarily or permanently, I have found that
side of the House always ready, always eager,
to stretch the powers of the Government for
the protection of any such person. But when
it comes to the citizenship of some one who
has remained always within the territorial
limits of the country, who has always remained
true to the flag of the country, who has given
in its hours ot peril his blood and risked his
life in its defense, I have sometimes noticed,
and I confess I have noticed it with regret,
that gentlemen upon that side of the House
lose much of the eloquence and enthusiasm
which they ordinarily expend in demanding
protection for American citizens.
If it is a question 6f protecting loyal citizens
of the United States from masked midnight
marauders, throwing about them the shield of
this Government, and holding over them the
flag of the United States, we are told it is un-
constitutional, and that we cannot interfere
to protect American citizens in any such case
as that. But when it comes to the question
of protecting an American who has gone
abroad, and who has there interfered with the
domestic concerns of a foreign conntry, who
has there made himself amenable to foreign
laws, then we find there are no constitutional
difficulties, no difficulties of expediency, no
financial difficulties, but every muscle and
every nerve of the Government must oe put
inf. requisition to defend and protect such a
citizen Now, sir, it =e.-ms to me that when
we find persons occupying thus two variant
positions we may have at least this suspicion,
that their zealin behalf of Amencan citizens
in foreign countries is rather a zeal to make
a point against the Republican administration
of affairs0than a zeal in favor of protecting
honestly the rights of American citizens
everywhere.
I repeat. Mr. Speaker, that this is one of the
o-ravest questions that can be presented to us
as a deliberative body. I do not agree en-
tirely that it is a question upon which we
can speak with the utmost propriety. ^ It is
in the memory of many gentlemen in the
Hou-e that when, a few years since, the House
of Representatives passed a very ferocwus
resolution denouncing the French occupation
of Mexico, and the attention of our Govern-
ment, was called to it by the I* rencn Govern-
ment, and we were inquired of in respect to
the meaning of that apparently offensive dec-
laration, our then eminent J5L'cretary of Stat©
in courteous and diplomatic language^ and
strictly in accordance with the constitutional
view also, informed the French Government
that the House of Representatives was not
under the Constitution of the United States
charged with the management of our foreign
relations, a duty committed by the Constitu-
tion to the treaty-making power. This was
a correct view of the distribution of powers
under our form of government; and until we
find the executive power of the Government
so totally remiss in its duty toward American
residents abroad as to become utterly regard-
less of this duty that is plainly imposed upon
them, it is, in my judgment, nothing short
of impertinence for the Hoi:t>e of Represent-
atives to declare what the foreign policy of
the Government in respect to any particular
case shall be.
It is peihaps not impossible that our Gov-
ernment should become so derelict in the
peiformauce of its duties as to give occasion
for a general expression of indignation against
it for abandoning irs citizens to whatever fate
may overtake them abroad, and in such a con-
tingency it maybe proper for the House of
Representatives to express its disapprobation
of that course. But until we find such a con-
dition of affairs it seems to me at least becoming
for us to decline to set ourselves up as the
proper persons to dictate the foreign policy of
the Government.
But to come directly to the matter upon
which we shall be asked' to vote. This resolu-
tion, after declaring that, in the judgment of
this House, Dr. Houard is an American citizen,
proceeds also to make this declaration:
'* And, in the opinion of this House, tue President
should promptly demand his unconditional release,
and the restoration of his property, which has been
confiscated to the use of the Spanish Government."
Now, Mr. Speaker, that declaration, if it
means anything, if it is to have any force, if
any attention whatever is to be paid to it by
the President of the United States, is a decla-
ration which may amount to war.. It is a dec-
laration that the President shall demand the
immediate and unconditional surrender of Dr.
Houard, and the restoration of his confiscated
property. If our Government does that and
is met with a peremptory refusal, it is war.
We must follow up the demand with the strong
arm of the Government. I mention this merely
in passing to show the gravity of this question
which is presented to us if the resolution
means anything or is expected to accomplish
anything if it is adopted by this House.
I know that the serious consequences which
may follow the passage of this resolution is
not a necessary element in settling the ques-
tion of Dr. Houard's citizenship; but it is a
consideration which should lead the members
ot this House to consider with the utmost de-
