187-1.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
understand that the form proposed by the
amendment was likely to be more effectual or
better than the other, I would certainly vote
for it; and I vote tor the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island fully believing that it
is the effectual and the best way of securing
that object which we all profess to have at
heart.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I ask the
Secretary to read the resolution offered by the
Senator from Rhode Island.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the resolution.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the first
suggestion I have to make is that that resolu-
tion as it stands is much broader than the res-
olution offered by the Senator from Illinois;
that the amendment offered by the Senator
from Illinois is a limitation upon a resolution
much broader in its scope and consequences
than the proposition which he offers. The
resolution offered by the Senator from Rhode
Island embraces all matters of retrenchment.
Whatever may tend to retrench the expenses
of this Government in reference to any depart-
ment of tho Government is embraced within
the jurisd ction of the committee under that
resolution ; but the amendment moved by the
Senator from Illinois is in its nature a limita-
tion ; it narrows it.
But, Mr. President, the discussion has pro-
ceeded upon another theory. The resolution
offered by the Senator from Rhode Island
authorizes the investigation by the committee
of such matters as may be referred to it by
the Senate; of course, embracing within it
the powers necessary for that investigation;
but it has been assumed in the discussion that
the committee should have the power to initiate
investigations upon its own motion without any
order from the Senate, and have power to send
for persons and papers. I insist that such a
power has never been committed to a standing
committee of this body. To give to a stand-
ing committee the power to initiate investiga-
tions and to send for persons and papers is to
make it an inquisition. It ceases to be a com-
mittee and becomes an inquisition, becomes a
tyrant. That power might not be abused, and
perhaps would not be in this instance; but we
put it into the power of a committee, upon its
own motion, to investigate the conduct of any
officer of this Government, or any ma.n con-
nected with the Government, directly or indi-
rectly, upon mere private information given to
that committee, or it may act without informa-
tion, if it chooses to abuse its power.
Now, Mr. President, let me refer to a remark
made by the Senator from California to-day.
He said that he was informed, this morning I
believe, of a very grave matter, which I under-
stood him to intimate referred to the integrity
of some officer of the Government or of some
Department that deserved investigation, but
that he would not feel at liberty to bring the
matter forward in the Senate, though he might
communicate it to the committee. The com-
mittee might upon the Senator's private in-
formation be set upon any officer of this Gov-
ernment, the highest, in a matter so delicate
thai he would hesitate about speaking about it
in the Senate, or so indefinite, perhaps, that he
would hesitate to give the information in the
Senate. I say that when any Senator has
information so definite as to authorize an invest-
igation, it ought to be so definite as to author-
ize him to mention the matter in the Senate
and obtain the order of the Senate for that
purpose.
No standing committee has ever had this
power. Why has not the Committee on Com-
merce this power? Can they not be as safely
intrusted with a general power to initiate in-
vestigations as this new committee? And yet
that power has never been conferred. It is
so high that it is never granted to a commit-
tee except upon special occasion. But here
it is asked to give it in general terms to a com-
mittee, to be exercised year in and year out.
I understand that no such power ever has been
given in Congress, or in Parliament, or by any
legislative body.
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope the Senator from
Indiana will allow me to correct him as Ire is
about to quit that part of the subject in rela-
tion to wliich he referred to what I said.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. What I stated was that
I had information, which I had reason to be-
lieve was substantially correct, of a proceed-
ing in regard to a very important transaction
in the most important Department of the Gov-
ernment, with respect to the magnitude of its
operations, that I thought eminently deserving
of investigation ; but though I myself had rea-
son to believe the substantial truth of the rep-
resentations made to me, I should not feel
warranted in making them a matter of public
motion in the Senate. The Senator, I trust,
understands the distinction which I sought to
draw. There may be many things that we may
feel should be examined, and yet should not
deem ourselves warranted (either on the ground
of taste, or delicacy, or from an unwillingness
to injure a public or a private interest except
upon the best of reasons and under an extra-
ordinary urgency) in bringing before the Sen-
ate publicly, though they would be very proper
to be looked into, and could only be looked
into through the medium of a committee armed
with such powers as are covered by the amend-
ment, of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. MORTON. Then, Mr. President, it
seems to me the inference from the Senator's
position is obvious and irresistible that no
committee should assail the character of a
high officer by an investigation which must
necessarily become public, cannot be con-
cealed, upon mere private information, without
the authority of the Senate. We owe much to
public integrity, and we owe something to pri-
vate rights. A committee so armed, as I
before said, would become an inquisition, a
tyranny too intolerable to be borne by a free
people. This Senate will authorize investiga-
tions upon any reasonable showing. If any
of us have knowledge, or have reason to believe
that crimes have been committed, it is our
duty to bring them to the knowledge of the
Senate, and.have investigation made, bnt not
to empower a committee to range all over this
nation, perhaps to act upon the information
of private persons, given in malice, made
falsely, and thus to ruin the characters of men,
and put them to expense and put them to shame
when there was no occasion for it. There is
a proper medium to be preserved on both
sides.
Mr. President, in the resolution offered by
the Senator from Illinois he requires this
committee to consider the whole subject of
civil service reform.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Oh, no; notasamended.
In the amendment which I sent to the Clerk's
desk I struck out the words relative to the
selection of subordinate officers, after due
examination by proper boards, &c.
Mr. MORTON. The amendment reads thus,
now:
And also to consider the expediency of so amend-
ing the laws under which appointments to the public
sei\-ice arenowmade as to provide for withdrawing
the public service from being used as an instrument
of political or party patronage.
T think that substantially embraces the sub-
ject of civil service reform as it has been in-
troduced in the Senate for a year or two past.
The great argument has been that the patron-
age was used for the purpose of obtaining or
maintaining political power. Wo passed a law
at the last session authorizing the President
to act upon that question, to prepare rules for
the regulation of the civil service. It is under-
stood that he has appointed a commission;
that that commission is now in session; that
it is about to make a report to the President
on that subject which will doubtless be laid
before Congress; and yet, while that is going
on, it is proposed to invest this new committee
with substantial power to consider and produce
a plan for the reformation of the civil service.
It seems to me under the circumstances that
this matter should be left where it has been
placed by a law of Congress until the report
has been made. Jf the report be not satisfac-
tory to us we can then legislate again; but
until that report has been made, we ought not
to assume that nothing has been done. This
virtually refers to the proposition as if no
action had been taken, as if it were a new
thing. The Senator from New York suggests
to me that it is already in charge of the Judi-
ciary Committee on the bill offered by the
Senator from Vermont; and I would further
suggest that it is a question of law especially
and particularly, and that it should be referred
to that committee, and would go with more
propriety to the Committee on the Judiciary
than to any mixed committee such as this will
be likely to he. The Senator from New York
suggests that it is a question of constitutional
law.
I am not mistaken about the whole drift, of
this debate. It has been to show that there is
corruption existing tinder this Administration,
and gross corruption. The drift of this debate
is a reflection upon the Republican party. I
might appeal to those distinguished Senators
and ask them if there ia any ground for special
assault upon the Republican party in that
direction. I ask if ever therehas been a party
in this country that has exerted itself more
systematically to expose and to destroy corrup-
tion than the Republican party? I ask if there
has been an Administration within the mem-
ory of any man on this floor that has more
promptly punished crime when it has been
brought to light, or has more promptly removed
the offender from office? 1 think none of us
remember an Administration entitled to higher
credit than the present.
And now take the case of Hodge. Since
the discovery of the frauds in New York, the
development of those immense piunderings
there that have shocked the whole world, the
ease of Hodge came to light. As was said by
the Senator from New York, he has been tried
and convicted, and is now in the penitentiary.
But of the great plunderers in New York who
were brought to light before Hodge was, not
one has been brought to trial. Some say they
never will be brought to trial. I will not say
that, for 1 have no authority for saying it; but
I do say that although their exposure was first
in point of time, not one of them lias been
brought to justice, and the principal offender
of them all has since been elected to the New
York Legislature, I believe indorsed by a
majority of some tea or fifteen thousand of
the people of New York city.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask a question?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator makes a
point that there has been very speedy action
by the Administration in convicting people
because they convicted Hodge. Will he say
that if Hodge's crime had had to be subjected
| to trial in a civil court, instead of a court-mar-
tial, he would have been convicted any sooner
than those New York people?
Mr. MORTON. I cannot say how much
longer it would have taken to convict Hodge
in a civil court; but I refer to it to show that
the Administration promptly upon the dis-
covery of his crime brought him to trial and
as promptly brought him to punishment, white
the chief offender in the city of New York,
whose villainy exceeds Hodge's by millions,
since his conviction in public opinion, since
I his crimes have been brought to light, has
been elected to the Legislature of New York
by a majority counted by thousands, and I
, believe he is now at large living in his palace.
; Surely, then, there can be no reflection made
: upon the Republican party in this respect.
