1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3683
the war lias been over, during the past few
years the Treasury Department has taken hold
of the question and organized new plans of
settling the building; not of settling the build-
ing alone, but of settling its affairs. Esti-
mates have been made and reported, and in
pursuance of those estimates as recommended
by the Treasury Department the work is going
on, and next year it is expected to finish it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This, then, is to
settle it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is, and I
hope it will be a final settler.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I made my motion
to strike out in order to ascertain how many
million dollars this work has already cost.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio.. The settle-
ments are too much for me.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand the
aggregate expense has been somewhere in the
neighborhood of $10,000,000.
A Member. It is $4,800,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw my
amendment, as I have accomplished the object
I had in view.
The Clerk read as follows :
For completion of the building for acustom-house
at Portland, Oregon, $52,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to strike
that out. The balance of the appropriation is
deemed sufficient, and that is reappropriated
in a later clause.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For continuation of the construction of the build-
ing for the Department of State, Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, $800,0U0.
Mr. PLATT. I move to strike out " $800,-
000,"and in lieu thereof to insert the following:
Two million dollars, and the Secretary of State is
hereby authorized to proceed in the construction of
the west front, under the provisions of the act of
Congress entitled "An act making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30,1872, and for other pur-
* poses," approved March 3, 1871.
Mr. Chairman, it is well known that the
construction of this building commenced
under a law passed by Congress last session
authorizing the construction of a building
for the uses of the State, War, and Navy
Departments, similar in size and design to
the present, Treasury Department. That build-
ing is now being constructed. The south-
east front has been commenced, and has been
in process of construction during the past
year, under the appropriation of $500,000
made by the last Congress. The present Treas-
ury Department has cost about 'eight or nine
million dollars, and the new building to be
constructed under designs and plans approved
by the Secretary of State, the Secretary of
War, and the Secretary of the Navy, will
probably cost five or six million dollars, being
several million dollars less than the present
Treasury building has cost; and it will be
a very much better and finer building in every
respect.
Now, I submitthat it is no economy to keep
the construction of that building back. The
appropriation of so small a sum as is recom-
mended by the report of the Committee oil
Appropriations would compel the architect of
the building to confine bis operations during
the present fiscal year to the wing already
commenced; while he could be working just
as well at the same time on the other portions
of the building, and expending money much
more effectively than if those other portions
of the work are postponed. It will be, 1 think,
true economy on the part of the Government
to give him money enough to complete the
building for the speedy occupation of the State,
War, and Navy Departments. It is only a
question whether the total amount shall be
spent in two or three years, or whether the
construction of the building shall drag its
weary length along for seven or eight years.
I hope the amendment I have offered will
prevail, and that the officers in charge will be
instructed to proceed with the work of con-
struction as rapidly as possible.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the
amendment will not prevail.
The question being put on Mr. Platt's
amendment, it was disagreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I offer the following
amendment:
Add to line two hundred and forty-three the
following:
Provided, That no partofthemoneyappropriated
by this bill for erecting any public building shall be
expended except upon contracts duly entered into
in pursuance of advertising for proposals for work
and materials, and which contracts shall be let to
the lowest bidder.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I raise the point
of order upon tbis amendment that this build-
ing is already in process of construction in
accordance with law, and that this amendment
would change the law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Only in so fer as it
limits the expenditure of the appropriation
here made.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair considers
that the amendment is in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not think that
this amendment changes the law. My under-
standing is that that is the law now, although
it is habitually violated. Butifit is not the law
it ought to be. Why, sir, should we require
the Postmaster General to advertise from day
to day, and let his contracts to the lowest bid-
der? Why should we require in the erection
of forts that contracts should be let to the low-
est bidder? Why should the Committee on
Accounts of this House require that the offi-
cers of the House of Representatives in obtain-
ing supplies of paper and stationery should
advertise and let the contract to the lowest
bidder? Yet you will let some irresponsi-
ble person about the Treasury Department go
on and expend millions upon millions in the
erection ot' public buildings without adver-
tising, and without restriction. lou have
just struck out an item appropriating money
to complete a building at Portland, Oregon.
I was this very day looking over some ac-
counts, and I found that for that building the
supervising architect of the Treasury had con-
tracted with A. R. Shepherd, ot' the District of
Columbia, to transport iron piping all the way
from Washington to Portland, Oregon, and
that without any contract, advertisement, or
order.
Mr. AMBLER. Is there not some law
which requires that the contract should be with
Shepherd ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am not aware of
any law which requires the contract to be with
Shepherd.
Mr. AMBLER. I only assumed there was,
because it is done all the time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. " Gentle Shep-
herd, tell me why?" [Laughter.]
Mr. HOAR. I would ask the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] if, in his
investigation into this question, he has learned
whether the supervising architect regards or
disregards the eight-hour law?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is a point of
very little purpose to this argument. But I
understand from the testimony that be says he
has evaded it by the system he has adopted.
This is the ingenious argument of the super-
vising architect. He says that he evades the
effect of the eight-hour law by contracting pri-
vately with A. R. Shepherd or somebody else,
agreeing to pay all it costs them for material,
labor, superintendence, and everything of that
sort, and then adding fifteen per cent, by way
of profit; and thus he evades the effect of the
eight-hour law, because the man who does the
work hires men to work ten hours a day. His
argument is that if he lets the contract to the
lowest bidder the work will be under the eight-
hour law. I do not quite see the force of that
argument. Perhaps the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] who is a friend of the
eight-hour law, sees the force of it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was put on Mr. Farm worth's
amendment; and there were—ayes61, noes 30.
Mr. HAWLEY. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfield,
of Ohio, and Mr. Fabnsworth were appointed.
Mr. PLATT. I rise to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. I want to know what effect the
adoption of this amendment will have upon
men employed at present by the supervising
architect of the Treasury by the day?
The CHAIRMAN. That is not a question
for the Chair to answer.
Mr. BECK. I object to debate.
Mr, PLATT. I think I have a right to be
informed on that point before I vote.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will modify my
amendment by adding after the words "low-
est bidder" the words " who shall give bonds
for the performance of tbe contract."
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes seventy-eight, noes not counted.
So the amendment of Mr. Farsswobth was
agreed to.
Mr. HAWLEY. I offer the following amend-
ment, to cotne in at the close of the section
just adopted:
Provided, That this provision shatl only apply to
public buildings now in construction under the direc-
tion of the Treasury Department,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They are all under
the direction of the Treasury Department.
Mr. HAWLEY. No, sir, there are many
works going oil under the direction of the
War Department. I understand that my col-
league offers his amendment because he is not
satisfied as to the manner in which these works
are constructed under the Treasury Depart-
ment. 1 understand that to be the point he
makes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This is a very
important amendment. We cannot carry on
improvements of rivers and harbors under the
War Department, or construct light-houses
under the Light-House Board, or anything else
without this amendment which the gentleman
from Illinois now offers.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My amendment is
limited to public buildings.
Mr. GARFIELD, of obio. A light-house
is a public building.
Mr. AMBLER. I would inquire if there
ought not to be the same provision with regard
to these public works as to public buildings?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The work is
always done under the supervision of the
engineer's department.
Mr. HAWLEY. It is not claimed, as I
understand my colleague, that there is any
difficulty conuected with any other works, but
the objection of my colleague is that in the
construction of some of these buildings under
the direction of the Treasury Department they
have not used necessary caution, and have
perhaps been extravagant. Now, there are
works being carried on under the engineer
department and all the other branches of the
War Department, and I think this proviso
ought to be adopted. It is evident that the
amendment of my colleague was offered with
very little consideration or thought as to what
its effects would be. It is certainly very hasty
legislation. It is changing in important par-
ticulars what has been the law heretofore, and
changing it on all the works of all the Depart-
ments it seems to me ought not to be done,
and I hope my proviso will be adopted.
Mr. DICKEY. The phraseology ought to
be altered so as to include buildings to be
hereafter constructed.
Mr. HAWLEY. I was obliged to draw the
amendment very hastily, but I will modify it
so that it shall read:
Provided, That this provision shall only apply to
Sublic buildings under the control of the Treasury
epartment.
