1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
995
and authorize a public building at a place
which he has not named. I hope the House
■will not do it.
Mr. HALSEY. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I do
not think the argument of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is a good one. He
bases it, as I understand, on the report of the
supervising architect of the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. No; on the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. So far as the public
lands are concerned, the Secretary of the
Treasury speaks from the report of the super-
vising architect of the Treasury Department.
The gentleman from Ohio bases his argu-
ment upon the ground that there are enough
public buildings in the process of erection to
engage the attention of the supervising archi-
tect and the force at his command. In my
opinion, if the supervising architect of the
Treasury can be kept, in the city of Washington
attending to that other duty he has to perform
under the appointment of the President of the
United States, on the Board of Public Works
of the District of Columbia, and kept away
from the public buildings of the Government,
it would be far better for the Government, and
we could erect our public buildings more eco-
nomically and much better.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am notdisposed to stint
in the matter of erecting public buildings in
large towns, and especially at the camtals of
States. I have no doubt the city of Albany
and the needs of that district require a public
building, and I think the amount of $300,000 is
probably an economical amount to be expended
for that work. I cannot see any force in the
objection of the gentleman from Ohio. I have
no doubt if he should raise the salary of the
supervising architect of the Treasury $1,000
he would have plenty of time to finish all of
these public buildings. If we are not to erect
public buildings because the supervising archi-
tect of the Treasury cannot have time in which
to attend to them, what an unfortunate thing it
would be if he should be taken off or resign ?
According to the gentleman's argument, no
other architect in the United States could be
found of sufficient ability to erect our public
buildings. But none of us believe any such
thing.
Sir, the best architect to be employed to
erect public buildings in Albany would be
some reputable architect of that city who
would understand the character of building
materials best adapted to structures in that
city, who would know where they could be
procured at the cheapest rates, who also would
understand the character of the soil, and who
would know when he had gone deep enough
to secure proper foundations for any build-
ings which were to be erected there. For
we recollect that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes J has told us that this
supervising architect of the Treasury after he
had made up his plan was compelled to dig
down twenty or thirty feet deeper in order to
secuie safe foundations for the New York
post office.
Now, we all know that the best officers to
do any work, the best rneu to employ in any
duty, are the men who are upon the ground
where the work is to be done. The idea of
the architect of the Treasury Department here
in Washington must go " galivanting" all over
the United States and carrying his ''jobbers"
with him is utterly absurd.
Mr. PLATT. The morning hour is rapidly
passing away, and in order that the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds may not lose
all of its time, I make the question that the
gentleman from Illinois is not discussing the
bill before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not per-
ceive where the gentleman from Illinois has
transgressed the legitimate line of debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman's
corns are any better, then I am through with
all I have to say.
Mr. HALSEY. The sub-committee called
upon the Secretary of the Treasury in refer-
ence to this building, and I now send to the
Clerk's desk to be read a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and a letter from the
supervising architect of the Treasury.
fhe Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
W ashingtox, D. C., February 6,1872.
Sir: As requested by you I transmit herewith the
report of the supervising architect, who was in-
structed to visit Albany, New Yolk, and to examine
the various questions connected with the proposed
public building in that city.
Very respectfully,
GEO. S. B0UTWELL. Secretary.
Hon. Geo. A. Halset. Chairman Committee or Pub-
lic Buildings, &c., House of Representatives,
Treasury Department,
Office of Supervising Architect,
February 6,1872.
Sir : In accordance with your instructions I have
visited Albany, New York, with the sub-coinmittee
of the Committee on Public Buildings of the House
of Representatives, (Messrs. Ore and Perry,) and
c,ont'erred with those gentlemen in regard to the
various questions connected with the proposed pub-
lic building at that place, and more particularly to
examine the Albany Exchange building, which has
been offered to the Government, with a view to de-
termine the expediency of purchasing said building
and converting it to use of the Government.
After as careful and thorough an examination of
the building as could be made without the original
plans, or an expensive survey, I am satisfied that
although well located on a most admirable piece,
of property, to adapt it to the wants of the public
service would be a costly, difficult, and hazardous
undertaking, and that when so altered it would be
far inferior to a new building that could bo erected
at a cost approximating very nearly to the cost of
the property and the expenditures that must be
made upon it. I cannot estimate the value of the
property for Government purposes at anything more
than the value of the land and the value ol the
material contained in the building.
The post office, which is now situated in the Ex-
change building, is certainly the worst arranged and
inconvenient that 1 over examined both as regards
conveniences for the public and facilities for the
proper transaction of business. I believe that the
necessity fur a new building is urgent and pressing,
and that there are few, if any, points in the country
that should claim precedence over it.
I have examined several beautiful sites in Albany,
one of which is owned by the city, and which, I was
assured by a member of the city government and by
several very influential citizens, would be donated
to the Government as a site for the new building.
If this should be done, I would recommend the
acceptance of the proposal, and the erection of a
building on the lot, which can be done within the
limits of the appropriation requested, namely,
$350,000.
Very respectfully, A. B. MULLETT,
Supervising Architect.
ilon. Geo. S. Boutwell,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. HALSEY. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabargek.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I have a single
purpose in desiriug to make a remark or two,
and that is to ask the attention of the House
to the reason the Secretary of the Treasury has
assigned why we ought not to enter upon new
public works now. It does not, sir, so much
lie in the fact alluded to by my friend from
Illinois [Mr. Farxswouth] that the architect
is busy elsewhere, but it is in the number and
magnitude, as regards expenses, of the unfin-
ished public works now on our hands in this
country. He states them explicitly, one by
one, and after stating them, he says that until
some of them are finished we ought not to
undertake any more. He submits that state-
ment to the House, as the treasurer, as the
money officer of the Government, to whom we
look for our estimates.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I should like if we could
that we shall make this vote a test vote, on the
question as to whether we will recognize and
abide by this recommendation of the Secretary.
I believe that this is the first measure that we
are invited to pass, which is in contravention
of his recommendation. For, although we
have passed bills for more important works,
yet this is among the works which he thinks
we had better not now enter upon. I hope,
therefore, the House will decide to make this
a test case, as far as we can, to determine
whether we will adhere to the policy and sanc-
tion the reasoning of the Secretary, or whether
we will not. And the especial reason why I
desire that is because my own State stands in
the same relations to this matter as the State
of New York does. And I would like to take
the vote on this question as furnishing me some
limit as to what my duties aje, as a Represent-
ative, to my own State.
Now, having said this much, I desire to add
(and 1 will then sit down) that I am not in
favor of the view of the Secretary. I think,
sir, that it is a bad economy to permit those
great points, like Albany, and like the capital
of my own State, to go without those abso-
lutely necessary works. I see a smile oq the
face of my good-natured friend from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Vauohan.] I presume he would
be disposed to say the same thing in regard
to Memphis. Now, I think in regard to those
great centers of business it is good economy
for us to build, under, of course, careful esti-
mates and proper restrictions, these great and
permanent public works, getting clear of the
rest. If we do this, building of stone that
will not perish, we will add to the property
of the country, and will find that no dollar
has been lost which has been judiciously and
wisely expended. It will save our rents. It
will add to the material wealth of the Govern-
ment, dollar for dollar what we expend. And
I think those works ought to be built now. I
am in favor of building them now. And I
hope, proceeding wisely, and discriminating
accurately and thoroughly, we will give to
such points in the United States as really
need them, such economic structures—not
great, extravagant, and foolish ones, but such
economic and permanent structures as will
supply the permanent wants of the Govern-
ment in this regard.
Mr. HALSEY. I now yield to my col-
league on the committee, the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Tyner.]
Mr. TYNER. I take this occasion to say,
in connection with the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger,] that,
speaking for myself, for I have no right what-
ever to speak for the committee, 1 will be
glad if the vote on the pending bill shall be
taken as a test vote on the question whether
or not the House will sanction the action of
the committee in reporting other bills than
those that have been recommended by the
Secretary of the Treasury. The committee
has already taken action in regard to other
propositions than those that were presented
in the report of the Secretary, and has rec-
ommended the passage of bills which will be
reported at some subsequent time. The com-
mittee is under the impression in regard at
least to two or three points, other than those
that have been presented in the report of the
Secretary, that the public needs require the
construction of new buildings, and a vote now
upon the pending bill, I presume, will be con-
sidered by the committee as a test vote in
regard to those other bills.
I desire now to say a single word in regard
to the merits of this proposition. Before
the committee acted upon the bill for the con-
struction of a building at Albany it took the
pains to appoint a sub-committee of its own
members, who, in connection with the super-
vising architect of the Treasury, visited the
city of Albany and made a personal inspec-
tion. That committee reported on its re-
turn that they found all the public offices in
the city of Albany without proper accommo-
dations. There there is a city of over 70,000
inhabitants. I am corrected by a gentleman
near me, who states that the population is
133,000, Looking a few days ago over a list
published in one of the newspapers, I saw it
set down at 70,000. I am told, however, that
its population is 133,000. There is a city of
133.000 population in which there is not a pub-
lic building, and in which the post office, the
