2788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
less, clearly established by the facts presented
here.
Besides, sir, we have in this case a state-
ment of the law of Spain in respect to this
subject. There are said to be three classes
of foreigners in Spain, the naturalized foreign-
ers, the resident foreigners, and the transient
foreigners. The resident foreigners are those
who have established theirdomicile anywhere
in the monarchy ; they are considered as resi-
dents, that word having evidently a particu-
lar signification in this connection—a signifi-
cation as giving a character of citizenship not
the full citizenship of a naturalized citizen or
a native citizen, but a qualified citizenship
much higher than that ot the transient resi-
dent. Those who have resided there for ten
years have this character. Those who marry
Spaniards and live domiciled in Spain have
this character. Now, sir, Dr. Houard married
a Cuban lady, and lived domiciled in Spain
with his wife until 1868 or 18G9. They had
children born to them there. His wife died
there and was buried there; and, so tar as
this case is concerned, I do not understand
there is any question that his children reside
there to-day.
Mr. L. MYERS. One of his sons is a
Philadelphia!).
Mr. W1LLABD. Does the gentleman claim
that his children are not there to-day?
Mr. L. MYERS. I do not know as to that;
but one of his sons is a Philadelphian.
Mr. W1LLAKD. 1 have staled what the
case contains. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. L. Myers] has within his pri-
vate knowledge other information, I think it
would have been very proper for him to have
submitted it to us in the committee, so that we
might have been possessed of it, though I do
not. see that the fact he suggests makes any
difference.
Mr. Ij. MYERS. This is the first time the
statement has been made.
Mr. WILLARD. My time is limited, and
I mustdecline to yield for further interruption.
Now, sir, we have, as I stated a little while
ago, this state of facts. Here is this lather of
Dr. llouard going to Cuba as an emigrant,
taking his family with him, settling there, his
widow remaining there after his decease, Dr.
Houard himself marrying there, his family
living there, he only coming to this country
for the purpose of education, as soon as he
graduated returning there and receiving a
diploma from a medical institution there,
practicing his profession there from that day
to this, taking out from time to time a eedula
or certificate of residence there, never claim-
ing, so far as any testimony in this case is con-
cerned, until 1860 or 1870, American citizen-
ship, and never saying to anybody, so far as
we can learn, that he ever hiid the intention
of returning to the United States.
Mr. BLDREDGE. Let me ask the gentle-
man a question right here at this point.
Mr. WILLARD. My time is limited and I
would rather not be interrupted.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I will be brief. I un-
derstood it was conceded yesterday by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ambler,'] who spoke
very ably upon this question, that this man
Houard was once a citizen of the United
States. Now, allow me to put this inquiry to
the gentleman from Vermont, whether it is not
a well-settled rule of law if the fact be once
conceded it existed at a particular point, must
it not be considered to have existed forever
unless the contrary appears? Is not that the
general rule of law in reference to all such
questions?
Mr. WILLARD. The gentleman from Wis-
consin calls my attention to a subject which I
expected to speak of later on in this discussion;
but inasmuch as he has brought it to the atten-
tion of the House now, 1 may as well, perhaps,
speak of it here. My colleague on the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Ambler,] referred yesterday to the
case of the Venus, decided by the Supreme
Court, but he was not permitted to refer to it
as fully as he would have done had he had
more time. It is a case exactly in point, as a
reply to the question of the gentleman from
Wisconsin. This ship Venus was an English
vessel, captured by an American jjrivateer
early in the war with Great Britain. The ves-
sel had sailed from England before the_ dec-
laration of war was made by Great Britain,
and before, of course, the owners of the cargo
could have known there was to be a declara-
tion of war. It is conceded in the case that
when the cargo was shipped from England, it
was shipped innocently by the parties, and
without knowledge that there was to be a war.
In the statement of the case, the following
facts were conceded as to the national charac-
ter of one of the claimants, McGregor :
" As to the national character of McGregor. He
came to the United State? a minor; was an estab-
lished merchant in New York before 1795 ; he was
then naturalized; he inarriedin New Yorkand pur-
chased a house there before his departure for Eng-
land, which he still retains; he has also purchased
large tracts of land in the States of New York and
New Jersey, which he yet owns; he resided about
twelve years in New York. His return to England
was produced by temporary causes. In 1798 he re-
turned here on account of the sickness of his wife,
who died in Scotland. His second return was for
his own health. In 1805 he commenced business in
Liverpool as an American meichant. Ilis employ-
ment was that of an American merchant, shipping
soods from England and receiving American pro-
duce to sell there on commission. His residence in
England was in time of poace."
Now, let us see what the court say. The
court say, in deciding this case;
" The question whether the person to be affected
by the l ightofdomicile had sufficiently made known
his intention of fixing himself permanently m the
foreign country must depend upon all the circum-
stances of the case. II he had made no express
declaration on the subject, and his secret intention
is to be discovered, his acts must be attended to as
affording the most satisfactory evidence of his
intention.
"On this ground it is that the courts of England
have decided that a person who removes to a for-
eign country, settles himself tiiere, engages in the
trade of the country, furnishes, by these acts, such
evidence of his intention to reside there as to stamp
him with the national character of the State where
he resides. In questions on this subject, the chief
point to be considered is the animus manendi; and
courts are to devise such reasonable rules of evi-
dence as may establish the fact of intention. If it
sufficiently appear that the intention of removing
was to make a permanent settlement, or for an
indefinite time, the right of domwile is acquired
by a residence even of a few days. This is one of
the rules of the British courts, and it appears to be
perfectly reasonable. Another is, that a neutral or
subjcct found residing in a foreign territory is pre-
sumed to be there animo manendi; and if a state
of war should bring his national character into
question, it lies upon him to explain the circum-
stances of his residence."
In that case the court held these goods were
the goods of an enemy of the country, of a
person-who had established his domicile as a
permanent resident of England, and the goods
were condemned. The court held they were
properly condemned. Justice Washington sub-
mitted the opinion of the court, and Justice
Story gave full and cordial assent to it, saying
that it was entirely in accord with the long
line of decisions in prize cases.
Mr. ELDREDGE. If the gentleman will
allow me, 1 will suggest to him that I think he
has not quite apprehended the force of my
question. My question had reference to a rule
of evidence. If it be once conceded that this
man Houard was a citizen of the United States
at a given time, does it not devolve upon those
who take the opposition to show that he was
not a citizen at another time later tban the
time he was conceded to be a citizen?
'WILLARD. If the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldredge] will pardon mefor
saying so, 1 think he is the one who is under a
misapprehension and not I.
The courts say in this case :
A neutral or subject found residing in a foreign
country is presumed to be there animo manendi.'*
It was said further:
And if a. state of war should bring his national
character into question, it lies upon him to explain
the circumstances of his lesidence."
That is what I haye been contending for, and
is exactly in point as an answer to the gentle-
man's question.
Mr. ELDKEDGE. Will the gentleman
allow me  .
Mr. WILLARD. I cannot yield to the gen-
tleman to argue the question. It is just as
plain as language can make it, that a person
residing abroad is presumed to be a permanent
resident, and that it lies upon the person him-
self, when his citizenship is_called in question,
to explain, and explain satisfactorily, the cir-
cumstances of his residence. _
Now, we have not only this decision of the
court, but we have the decision of Mr. Marcy,
in the paper addressed by him to Mr. Hulse-
mann in the Kosz'a case. I should like to
read more at length from the decision of Mr.
Marcy than my time will permit. My col-
league on the committee, the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Ambler,] did read from it, and I
quote again from it that the law applicable to
this case may be fairlyspread upon therecord.
As respects especially the point made, that
upon the declaration of Koszta himself, he
intended to become a citizen of the United
States, that declaration amounted, as I have
already said, to nothing whatever, except as
evidence of his iutention; not being in any
sense evidence of citizenship, but only evidence
of his intention to remain in the country long
enough to be permanently domiciled here and
to become a citizen of the country. On that
point Mr. Marcy said :
"It is not contended that this initiatory step in the
process of naturalization invested him with all the
civil rights of an American citizen; but it is suffi-
cient for all the purposes of this case to show that
he was clothed with an American nationality; and,
in virtue thereof, the Government of the United
States was authorized to extend to him its protection
at home and abroad. Mr.Hulseinann, as the under-
signed believes, fail;? into a gieat error, an error
fatal to some of his mo^t important conclusions, by
assuming that a nation can properly extend its pro-
tection only to native-born or naturalized citizens.
This is not the doctrine of international law, nor is
the practice of nations circumscribed within such
narrow limits. This law doe? not, as has been before
remai ked, complicate questions of this nature by
respect for municipal code-*. In relation to this sub-
ject, it has clear and distinct rules of its own. It
gives the national character of the country"—
And I desire especially the attention of those
Democrats who once believed in Mr. Marcy
to this proposition—
''not only to native-born and naturalized citizens
but to all residents^ in it who are there with or even
without an intention to become citizens, provided
they have a domicile therein. Foreigners may, and
oiten do, acquire a domicile in a country even though
they have entered it with tne avowed intention not
to become naturalized citizens, but to return to their
native land at some remote and uncertain period;
and whenever they acquire a domicile international
law at once impresses upon iheui the national char-
acter oi the country ot that domicile. It is a maxim
ot international law that domicile confers a national
character; it does not allow any one who has a
domicile to decline the national character thus con-
ferred; ltforces it upon him often very much against
his will, and to his great detriment."
Now, can the proposition be more strongly
stated; the very proposition of law upon
which that case was rested, and the only
proposition of law upon which it can be justi-
fied ! Why, sir, it does not require that a man
should be a naturalized citizen of the United
States or of any other country to have the
national character of the country impressed
upon him, to become liable to all the duties
wh'ch accompany that character, to be com-
pelled to contribute to the support and main-
tenance of the Government, and to give his arm
and his life, if called upon, in Sis defense.
In our last war we passed a law authorizing
a draft, and every peison within certain ages
llY u , e<^ States who was a citizen, or
who had declared his intention to become a
Citizen, was made liable to that draft. We
held that that first declaration of intention,
which is of itself only the best evidence of
domicile and residence, was sufficient to give
the national character to that individual, and
to p'lt him under the obligation of giving the
highest evidence m the power of anv person
to give of his duty to the country, exposing
himself to death in its defense.
