48
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Naval Appropriations—Mr. Morgan.
42d Cong 2d Sess.
The order goes on:
"The Department, in order to prevent a recurrence
of the irregularities, abases, and arbitrary allow-
ances whica occasioned the prohibition, deems it
proper to establish a fixed rate of compensation in
lieu of the extra allowances which were prohibited
by the law now repealed. Accordingly, from and
after the 1st day of Jane, proximo, officers who are
not provided with quartern on shore stations, will be
allowed a sum equal to thirty-three and one third
per cent, of their pay in lieu of all allowances,
except for mileage or traveling expenses under
orders."
Now, I charge that the Naval Committee and
the Committee on Appropriations of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress were in collusion with the
Secretary of the Navy ; and that the repeal of
the second section of the act of 1835 was part
of a scheme to deceive Congress, and rob the
Treasury, as it did, out of nearly four millions
of money.
Congress enacted the farce of repealing a
statute which prohibited a gross abuse, and on
the pretense that the abuse was thereby legally
revived, the Secretary of the Navy, in collusion
wilh two committees of the House, assumed
to increase and did increase the salaries of the
naval officers one third, in violation of the law
and the Constitution.
On the 17th of January, 1870, a resolution
was introduced into the House which called
from the Secretary of the Treasury an answer,
accompanied by a letter from Comptroller
Brodhead, to which I shall call the attention
of the House. Comptroller Brodhead says:
"The order of the Secretary is the only authority
for payments beyond the respective salaries allowed
by law."
The Comptroller goes on and gives the
amount that through this process was illegally
taken, and shows that during the period of
three years and seven months §3,763,981
were thus drawn from the Treasury. Now,
sir, this enormous sum was drawn from the
Treasury on the order of a Cabinet officer,
without the sanction of an appropriation made
by law, and in flagrant violation of the Con-
siitution.
I remarked, sir, that the title of Admiral
had been created in July, 1866, about two
months after the issue of Naval Order No.
75. The salary of Admiral was fixed by that
statute at $10,000. Yet we find the Secretary
of the Treasury treating the law with con-
tempt, and paying the Admiral $3,000 more
salary than was fixed by the statute. The
order was obeyed ; the lay was disregarded.
Honorable gentlemen join in denouncing
order No. 75, and seek to avoid all responsi-
bility for the wrongful taking from the Treas-
ury of nearly four million dollars under that
order, and its arbitrary distribution among the
naval officers, by saying that it was issued
under the administration of Andrew Johnson.
So it was. But it has been since approved by
the administration of Ulysses Grant. After
that order had been unearthed and denounced
on this side of the House, Mr. Secretary Robe-
son, then and now in the Cabinet of President
Grant, on the 14th of May, 1870, (see Con-
gressional Globe, vol. 4, p. 3550, second ses-
sion Forty-First Congress,) in referring to order
No. 75, issued by Secretary Welles, wrote as
follows to Hon. Ecgesb Hale :
" I beer leave to say that in my opinion the action
of Mr. Welles in making these allowances did not
tran&cend his authority, and that they were and
remain lawful."
And President Grant's administration con-
tinued to make the illegal additional payment
of one third until prohibited by law from
doing so.
I desire to call the attention of the commit-
tee to another fact: at the very tima the naval
officers were receiving thirty-three and one
third per cent, salary over and above what was
authorized by law, while the Admiral was re-
ceiving §13,000, and a Vice Admiral $9,000, at
that very time the Naval Register gave the sal-
ary of the Admiral at $10,000, and the salary
of the Yice Admiral at $7,000, and all the
officers of the Navy were entered on the Navy
Register at thirty-three and one third per cent,
less than they were acl,ually receiving. I charge
that here was a deliberate purpose to deceive
Congress, and Congress, was deceived. Here,
I say—and I do not care whom it pleases or
whom it displeases—here was fraud practiced
upon Congress. That fraud was perpetrated
and continued during the first year of the ad-
ministration of President Grant, and was not
abandoned until it was exposed and denounced
on the floor of the House by myself after it
had come to my knowledge by the merest acci-
dent.
I wish to call the attention of the commit-
tee to another singular feature in this bill: it
appropriates $2,650,000 to pay eighty-five hun-
dred petty officers and men, and $3,950,000
to pay seventeen hundred officers !
THE TREASURY IS HOPELESS CONFUSION.
Mr. Chairman, it is admitted by all well-
informed persons that the people of the United
States are to-day more heavily taxed than any
people on earth. It is a well-known fact that
our debt, reckoned by the amount of interest
we pay, is larger than the debt of any other
nation. And while this is our financial con-
dition the Treasury is in a state of chaos. As
I have made this charge, I feel bound to make
it good by proof.
My attention was first called to the laxity
which prevails in the Treasury by the defal-
cation of Paymaster Hodge, which became
known during the vacation of Congress, and it
would not be known to-day had not his con-
science forced him to avow that he was a
defaulter to the Government in the sum of
$400,000, while his bond only amounted to
$40,000. The Secretary of the Treasury did
not know, the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury .did not know that Hodge was a defaulter
to the amount of a dollar. Yet his defalca-
tions had been running on during a period of
four years, without one settlement. He bad
an account in the Treasury, with a credit and
a debit side. A common grocer would have
charged him with all he received, and credited
him with all he paid. The paymaster takes
vouchers for every cent disbursed. The amo un ts
paid by him, as shown by the vouchers, are
entered to his credit, while the amounts drawn
by him are charged- to his debit. Yet so loose
is the manner of doing business in the Treas-
ury, that Hodge became a defaulter in the
sum of $400,000 without a human being in
the Treasury Department being aware of the
fact. How long would it be before a bank
would fail or a great mercantile house become
bankrupt with such book-keeping as has been
shown to exist in the Treasury? How many
more defalcations are there unknown to the
Secretary of the Treasury, amounting to hun-
dreds of thousands, or it may be to many mil-
lions of money? The credit of the discovery
of Hodge's defalcation is due to Hodge's con-
science. The shame of the failure to have dis-
covered the defalcation long before belongs
to the Treasury. Poor Hodge is in the peni-
tentiary ; the Treasury Department is prepared
to receive a vote of thanks from Congress, but
it is still more certain to receive a vote of
condemnation from the people. But to pro-
ceed.
General Grant became President on the 4th
day of March, 1869, and Mr. Boutwell became
his Secretary of the Treasury. In his annual
report for that year, under the title of " State-
ment of the indebtedness of the United States
June 30, 1869," he places the debt at $2,656,-
603,955. This is very simple language, and
very easy to understand. That amount in-
cludes the ascertained debt, bonds, legal-tender
notes, Treasury notes, &c. The statement is
made in detail, and ought to be correct. But
the Register of the Treasury, who is its book-
keeper, states the debt for the same year at
$2,489,002,480, making a discrepancy between
the two statements of over one hundred and
sixty-seven millions.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Secretary's
statement includes the cash in the Treasury.
Mr. MORGAN. My friend says that it
includes the cash in the Treasury. What
does he mean by including the cash in the
Treasury?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I mean that the
Register of the Treasury keeps an account of
the outstanding obligations of the Government,
namely, bonds'and all papers issued under the
seal and signature of the Government. Now,
when the Secretary of the Treasury makes up
his statement he says "cash on hand" so
much, leaving the net obligation of the Gov-
ernment over and above the amount of cash
on hand so much.
Mr. MORGAN. Then I understand my
friend's statement to be that in the statement
of the public debt the Secretary of the Treas-
ury deducts the cash on hand.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Furthermore,
there is always an amount of temporary in-
debtedness which never forms a part of the
regular bonded debt.
Mr. MORGAN. Then was the report of
the Secretary correct?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. They are both
correct.
Mr. MORGAN. That is not my question.
I ask the honorable gentleman to say whether
he thinks that the cash on hand is included in
the Secretary's statement or in the Register's
statement ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is all included
except the obligations of registered '' outstand-
ing obligations," which never did appear in the
statement under any Administration, and never
ought to appear.
Mr. MORGAN. I trust the committee will
understand, and the gentleman will allow the
record to stand that the Secretary of the
Treasury includes in the statement of the
public debt certain sums not included by the
Register.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The cash in the
Treasury does not appear in the Register's
statement at all.
Mr. MORGAN. I would ask my friend,
then, which statement of the debt for any year
would appear the largest, that of the Secretary
or that ot' the Register?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Register's
Mr. MORGAN. The Register's always!
Mr. GARETELD, of Ohio. Oh 116, not
always, but generally the largest.
Mr. MORGAN. Well, sir, in the year
1869, the first year that Mr. Boutwell was' in
charge of the Treasury, his statement of the
public debt is $167,000,000 more than the
Register's statement, and yet he [Mr. Gar-
field] just now said that the Register's state-
ment was greater than the Secretary's state-
ment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly, com-
pare it with any year you please.
Mr. MORGAN. He is aware, for I know
how devoted he is to his duties, that it is the
habit of the Register of the Treasury in each
annual report to state the amount of the pub-
lic debt for each year from- the foundation of
the Government down to the close of the
last fiscal year, and for years past the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has done the same thing-
Now, then, my friend says there ought to be a
discrepancy between the statement of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and the statement of
the Register of the Treasury. In this my
friend is certainly mistaken, I have before
