100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
We propose to raise this committee. We do
not propose to confine it to the narrow limits
specified by the Senator from Illinois in his
resolution in the first branch of it, but to give
it jurisdiction over all matters of retrenchment,
and at the same time to give it power to send
for persons and papers whenever in the opinion
of the Senate the committee should be invested
with that extraordinary power; but we cannot
give it these general powers to initiate investi-
gations upon its own motion and to arrest any
man, to take his private papers and bring them
to the public gaze.
Why, Mr. President, this seizure of private
papersupon one pretense and another was one
of the causes which led to the Revolution in
1776, and when we came to make the Consti-
tution we put this clause into il:
"The right of the peopleto be secure in their per-
sons, houses, papeis. and effects against unreason-
able searches and seizures shall not be violated, Mid
no warrant shall issue but upon probable cause,
supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly
describing the place to be searched and the persons
or things to be seized."
That is the provision of the Constitution;
but here it is proposed to clothe a committee
with a general power to investigate any man
in the United States, and to send for his
private papers, upon private information given
to them, without consulting the Senate of the
United States. Now, suppose a power ofthat
kind was proposed to be vested in a committee
for any political purpose, I ask if it would
not meet with universal condemnation ? Is it
more safe when proposed to be invested in a
committee for the particular purpose stated
in the amendment offered by the Senator from
Illinois ? Let us create this committee as we
do other standing committees, and when they
require power to send for persons and papers,
we will give them that power in just the same
way we give it to any standing committee of
this body, and not upon any different terms or
principles.
Mr. CASSERLY. Before the Senator from
Indiana leaves the subject on which he has
been speaking, I ask his attention for a mo-
ment. He lias seen fit to draw a comparison
between the extreme promptness of the pun-
ishment of Colonel Hodge by a military tribu-
nal and the slowness of the proceedings taken
in the city of New York against Tweed and
some of his associates, i ask him if lie knows
of any other defaulter of the many under this
Administration that has been punished except
Hodge ? and if he does know of any, I should
like him to name the case. I think of two
defaulters now : one of them is General Law-
rence, and the other Joshua Fessenden Bailey.
Mr. MORTON. I do not know the partic-
ular circumstances suriounding those two
cases; but I will venture this assertion, (and
I will challenge the Senator to contradict me
if he is familiar with the circumstances of the
two cases,) that wherever a defalcation has
been brought to the knowledge of this Admin-
istration the offender has been dealt with
promptly, and that upon a reasonable showing
he has been removed from office, and the
matter has been placed in the bands of the
proper law officers. I believe that this Admin-
istration will be distinguished beyond those in
the past, or the most of those in the past, for
the investigation and punishment of its own
friends where they have been found to be
criminals. There ought to be no distinction.
No party is worthy of the confidence of this
people that will not investigate crime in its
own ranks and bring its own offenders promptly
to justice. I believe it is a charge that has
heretofore been made against the Democratic
}>ariy in former days when it was in power
that it was not prompt in bringing to justice
its own criminals. That, perhaps, was one of
the reasons why that p-trty passed out of
power; and when ours shall become justly
obnoxious to that charge, it will the.) be time
to consider the question whether it should not
give place to a new one.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to answer the
question which the Senator from California
pat to the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. MORTON, I yield for that purpose.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Cali-
fornia spoke of two officers, both of them re-
siding officially in the State which I in part
represent—General Lawrence, pension agent,
and Joshua F. Bailey, if I mistake not. Did
the Senator refer to those two men?
Mr. CASSERLY. I spoke of those two as
two that occurred to me at the time.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to say, then, that
they were not thecasesof offenders who could
be prosecuted and tried at all in the sense we
are speaking of here. They were men whose
flight was the first indication that anybodyhad
of their guilt. Lawrence, the pension agent,
suddenly disappeared. There was a sensation.
People waited for a day or two; went to his
office; it was said he would be there the next
day ; and before suspicion, even, came, much
less a conviction in anybody's mind that he
was a delinquent, he had passed far beyond the
reach of the arm of the law. So with Joshua
P. Bailey, the collector of the thirty second
district in New York. I think Senators will
remember the daily bulletins; first, that Mr.
Bailey had not been at his office that day.
There was great inquiry. It was said that he
had gone to Brooklyn for some purpose; that
he would be there the next day. The next day
came, and he was not there; and so on. It
was only when lapse of time and non-appear-
ance had drawn the gaze of the public and the
officials upon Mr. Bailey that anybody seriously
suspected him of wrong ; and I may add that
although his whereabouts are suspected now,
he is in a country with which, I believe, we have
no extradition treaty. I think that is so, al-
though I am not sure of the fact. At all events
he is " beyond seas," andbeyondthe reach of
the beak or claw of Federal power. As to Gen-
eral Lawrence, he has gone I believe no man
to this day knows where. I understand there
is no information. Therefore I think the Sen-
ator can hardly cite those as cases where the
Administration has been delinquent in institut-
ing prosecutions.
Mr. MORTON. One word further and lam
done. In these cases of defalcation and these
cases of crime that have been referred t.o more
particularly, they have occurred with men who
could not be weeded out from the service by
any system of civil service reform. They
have not occurred with the ignorant, with the
stupid, with the uneducated, but they have
occurred with those men who would be par-
ticularly reported as qualified under any sys-
tem of civil service reform that could be pro-
vided. The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] suggests to me that Mr. Bailey was pro-
moted during Mr. Johnson's administration
with general approbation. I know he was
regarded as an efficient officer.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator will allow
me to say that he was renominated by this
Administration and confirmed by the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. He was transferred by
this Administration from the fourth to the
thirty-second district.
Mr. CASSERLY. He was confirmed by the
Senate since 1 have been in the body.
Mr. MORTON. He was put in office dur-
ing the administration of Mr. Johnson. He
had a high character for efficiency and ability,
1 believe was spoken of as one of the ablest
revenue officers in the cityof New York, or
perhaps in the United States, and he was
transferred from a district havingless business
to one having more business because of his
superior ability, and his integrity was never
seriously suspected until he had fled. That
led to the discovery of his defalcation.
Mr. President, I am sorry to have to refer
to this; but, aa I said before, the whole drift
of this debate has been to make the impres-
sion oil the country that under this Adminis-
tration there was wide-spread corruption be-
yond what had existed before; that it was
necessary to use some extraordinary means
for the purpose of ferreting it out and bring-
ing the offenders to punishment,. Now, sir,
there will always be corruption under all
administrations; the time will not come in
our day when all men will be pure and
honest; but what I say for the benefit of this
Administration is that it is as pure as any
that has gone before it, much purer than
many that have gone before it; and that there
is no more occasion now for the use of ex-
traordinary means than there has been under
any Administration that has gone before. It
is true the country has become larger, the
number of officers is vastly increased, the
amount of business to be done is vastly greater;
but the average ability in administration and
the average integrity is as high, may I not say
higher, than it has been before in the history
of the nation.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Indi-
ana, I repeat, drew a distinction intended to
be a criminatory distinction against the admin-
istration of affairs in New York, hetwepn the
swiftness of the conviction and punishment of
Hodge by the Federal Government b-fore a
military tribunal and the slowness of the pro-
ceedings against Tweed and his accomplices in
the civil courts of New York. I asked of him
to mention, if he could, any other case of the
many persons whom we had known of thiough
the public prints and otherwise as defaulters to
the Federal Government, under the present
national Administration, who had been pun-
ished with the swiftness with which Hodge
had been punished, or punished at all. The
Senator in reply again launched out into a
general eulogy of the present Administration
and the lack of virtues on the part of Demo-
cratic Administrations in former times. That,
sir. is not the question between the Senator
and myself; nor is it, I maybe allowed to say,
the precise question before the Senate. Tne
issue was made by the Senator himself as to
swift punishment of a Federal defaulter and
the extreme tardiness of punishment inflicted
upon wrong-doers in the city of New York.
The Senator from New York upon that in-
citement came into the fray. The Senate
heaid what lie said about the two cases which,
on being challenged, I mentioned because they
were the only two that I then thought of—the
cases of Lawrence and Bailey. He and the
Senator from Indiana concurred in the general
statement of the extreme high standing and
exceptional fitness of those two persons for
the offices, the duties of which they discharged
so ill. Do those Senators wish us to under-
stand that the very best men they have are
men who are dishonest in public trust ?
The Senator from New York interposed a
further plea for his Administration that Bailey
and Lawrence had both fl-d. Is that a virtue
in an Administration, that it allows its rogues
to get away ? That is the most extraordinary
element of praise in regard to an Administra-
tionin power, orto theadministrationof justice
anywhere, that I think I have ever heard. Mr.
Tweed was not allowed to get away, nor ill".
Connolly, nor any of the great offenders in
New York. They were seized there ; tiiey
were laid hold of by the process of the law,
and they are there held to-day, as far as the
process of the law can avail to hold them, and
there they will be kept, if there is power in
the law to do it.
I did not pretend to speak of Lawrence and
Bailey as the only two defaulters under the
present Federal Administration. There are
many more; there are at lc tst hall a score
that could be named could I have prepared
myself for a debate on such a matter. And
now, sir, I will ask this further question :
whether as regard-) Lawrence or as regards
Colonel Hodge, or the two latest cases in the
Treasury Depai tment, the detection of either
Hodge or of those two latest cases was owin^
to any vigilance iu the Administration? If
