1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
997
I see that the passage of this bill is decreed
by the House; but 1 hope that gentlemen of
the majority will bear with me good-naturedly
for two or three minutes while J. call attentiou
to what they are about to do. In the first
place, they are demanding the construction
of a fire-proof building; yet the very archi-
tect who is to have charge of it admits that
there are not more than two fire-proof build-
ings on this continent, and that if this building
is to be made fire-proof it will be beyond all
account an expensive one so far as regards
the proportions of the building.
1 want to call attention also to the fact that
the Secretary of the Treasury, when he was
before the Committee on Appropriations not
long ago, said that we ought to abandon alto-
gether this business of erecting granite or
marble buildings for the public service ; that
plain, substantial, solid brick structures are
not only better, but infinitely more economical.
Whan the Committee on Appropriations last
year proposed the erection of a building for
the Public Printer the supervising architect
of the Treasury, I understand, estimated for
a building to cost $85,000, which was ihe
smallest figure he could estimate to insure such
a building as was needed. The supervising
architect of the Capitol extension took the
very same plan of a building, or at least the
plan of a building ot the same size, and made
his estimates, which were adopted. He was put
in charge of its construction, and for $45,000
he put up a fair, durable brick structure,
fully as good as the committee had expected
to have built at the figure named by the super-
vising architect of the Treasury. The build-
ing is now being used in the public service,
and there was $3,000 of surplus when the
building was completed, when the last brick
was in place.
If we are ever going to strike wisely in any
new direction on the subject of public build-
ings, we ought to quit this business of building
gi eat palaces. The Secretary of the Treasury,
speaking ou this topic, said to the committee
not long ago that if all our marine hospitals
were to-day burned down it would in ten
years be money in the pocket of the Govern-
ment ; that they have been built on an old and
foolish plan of magnifienee; that the whole
plan ought to be rearranged and reconstructed.
He suggested to the committee the adoption
of a plan by which hospitals built under tlie
supervision of the Government would serve
better the purposes for which they are designed
and would be vastly cheaper to the Govern-
ment than they are under the present plan.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we propose to pass this
morning a manuscript bill—a bill not one line
of which is in print—a bill which no man oat-
side of this committee has bad an opportunity
to read before its presentation to-day.
Mr. PLATT. The gentleman will allow me
to state, m justice to the committee, that this
bill is pi ecisely as it was presented and printed,
with the exception ot amendments made neces-
sary by the agreement entered into that the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
should recommend no appropiiations. The
alterations necessary to carry out this arrange-
ment are the only differences between the
manuscript bill and the bill which was referred
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am very glad
to know that we know so much about the bill.
I, however, know this: that on going to the
desk to look at it I found a bill wholly in man-
uscript, and interlined in many places. Now,
this bill brought in thus during the morning
hour, when the morning hour was nearly half
gune—a hill acted on under the previous ques-
tion, with hardly ten minutes for debate; a
bill going beyond the estimates, beyond the
recommendation of the officers of tlie Govern-
ment charged with this branch of business—is
to be passed this morning as a test case. Then
will come Cincinnati; then Columbus, Ohio;
then Newark, New Jersey. How many other
bills of this kind are pending before the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, the
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Halsey] has
not vouchsafed to tell us ; but I doubt not we
are to have bill after bill in a long line of suc-
cession.
Mr. HALSEY. We have np bill before us
for a public building at Columbus, Ohio, or
Newark, New Jersey.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh no; not
yet. Yet my colleague [Mr. Shellabarger]
puts in the good will of his hope in this case.
If any State should have public buildings I
think Ohio ought to have them; but I am
speaking of the direction in which those prop-
ositions are tending.
Mr. SARGENT Does not the gentleman
from Ohio understand that this is to be made
a test case, a test case whether any bill should
pass, and not a test whether this bill should
pass ?
_Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. When my good
friend from California comes up and shows his
would have been a better test case, his Cali-
fornia proposition, then, in the name of reason,
if this bill be passed, as his California propo-
sition is so much better, will it not come after
this and be passed also?
I now beg to call the attention of the House,
Mr. Speaker, to a single fact, and shall to that
extent trespass further upon the courtesy
of the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Halsey. J The public works of the United
States last year had appropriated for them
$15,413,903; and after the Secretary has cut
down the estimates fur the coming year as low
as he thinks they ought to be diminished, the
total is $19,468,000, not counting in Chicago
and St. Louis, for which we have already pro-
vided. And it is proposed now that we shall
enter upon the great unknown to swell that,
amount beyond the twenty-two per cent, of all
the civil expenses of the Government. If gen-
tlemen. under these circumstances, desire to
pass the bill, they must take the responsibility.
Mr. CONGER. I ask the gentleman from
New Jersey to yield to me.
Mr. HALSEY. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Michigan.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, it might be
well for gentlemen of the House to take into
consideration, even on the passage of this bill,
the questions which naturally arise, and the
eonsequt'iiceswbichfollowfrom it; audi would
desire this House here if possible to determine
whether, whenever there is any proposition
made here to build a work necessary for the
business of the country, we are to be met by
the same array of figures, the same awful array
of expenditures with which we are met every
time a gentleman proposes a measure which
the good of the country requires. Again,
I would like to know what Committee of
Appropriations we are to follow. What chair-
mau are we to follow. During the last ses-
sion of the last Congress the Committee on
Appropriations recommended unanimously iu
their bill three public works to the considera-
tion of the House: one at Albany, one at Port
Huron, and one at St. Louis. They also rec-
ommended an appropriation for the construc-
tion of public works at those three places.
Then the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] who was chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, and who is equally watch-
ful of the Treasury with the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] who is the present
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions—the gentleman from Massachusetts, I
say, and the Committee on Appropriations of
the last session of the last Congress, unani-
mously recommended the passage of a bill
containing appropriations for the construction
Of public buildings at thoss three places.
It seems folly tor members of the House to
be stopped in the passage ot a bill,winch com-
mends itself to the good sense of the House
and the country. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury no longer ago than yesterday renewed
his recommendation for public buildings at
Albany, St. Louis, and Port Huron. He did it
last year. So much he felt it necessary to do.
Now, there is nothing to change his recom-
mendation ; but inasmuch as this is spoken of
as a test vote, I have to say to gentlemen that
when a committee report a bill for a custom-
house at Port Huron, I beg gentlemen of tha
House to take it on its own merits. I ask
gentlemen of the House to consider its import-
ance to the Government and the country on its
own merits. I do not ask for $5,000,000 to
build a palace like those in New York and
Boston, and in other places. Unfortunately
for us, we come here modestly and humbly he-
fore the House, and ask an appropriation for
Albany, Port Huron, and St. Louis. We ask
humbly for structures to be built of cheap ma-
terials which will answer the necessary wants
of the Government, and at the same timepro-
tect'those who file there the deeds of their
property. No doubt when a bill comes up for
an appropriation to put up public buildings at
Port Huron, the honorable gensieman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] will rise up and present
his array of figures, and we shall be told of
these very same expenditures. We will then
be told that we must stop making appropria-
tions for any public buildings, never mind how
necessary they may be for the business of the
country. Why did they not put a stop to these
expenditures before they built the enormous
palaces in New York and Boston? Why did
they not gather strength enough before they
appropriated $15,000,000 for public buildings
which we are told by the gentleman we appro-
priated last year for one or two places? That
is all I have to say.
message fr05i the senate.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Sympson, one of its cleiks, notifying the
House that that body had passed with an
amendment the bill (H. R. No. 1330) to amend
the thirty-second section of an act en titled "An
act to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 14, 1870.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed bills of the following titles, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested :
A bill (S. No. 533) for the relief of Lucas,
O'Brien, Dickinson, and other counties in the
State of Iowa ; and
A bill (S. No. 615) to reimburse certain
soldiers for loss of clothing by fire at Chicago.
public building at albany, new york.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill providing for a public building at Albany,
New York.
Mr. HALSEY. I now ask for a vote.
The SPEAKER. The question is on order-
ing the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. On that ques-
tion I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MaYNARD. I hope the public time
will not be consumed by taking the yeas and
nays on this question.
On the question of ordering the yeas and
nays there were—ayes ten; not a sufficient
number.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALSEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid'on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House go to
business on the Speaker's table, and pend-
ing that motion I would like to make a state-
ment. I am aware that the gentleman from
