1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2789
Now, sir, this has always been the American
doctrine. It is the only doctrine upon which
gentlemen on the other side of the House can
defend their course hereon this floor, foryears
past, in respect to the Fenians. It is a doc-
trine which they have everywhere claimed to
be the American doctrine ; that a person com-
ing to this country with the intention of resid-
ing in this country is not only impressed thereby
with the national character ofthe United States,
but is then given, and to be given everywhere,
the protection and the full protection of the
Government.
But, sir, let us see what the doctrine is which
is here contended for. We have already in
this country millions, I believe, certainly many
thousands of Chinese—persons who come here
not alwa>s with the intention of remaining per-
manently; persons upon whom our laws will
not conier the rights and privileges of citizens;
persons who are not allowed to testify in our
courts; persons who have little more protec-
tion from our laws than was given to the poor
slave prior to the rebellion. Under the doc
trine claimed by gentlemen on the other side
of the House, every one of these persons is
to day so far a full citizen of China that, if
one of them should be tried by a police court
in California or in Oregon, the Chinese Gov-
ernment can call upon Mr. Secretary Fish for
a transcript of the record, ask him whether
Chinese were allowed to testify in the court,
whether the decision of the court was abso-
lutely in accordance with the rules of interna-
tional law, mid whether we have giveu them
all the opportunity that could possibly be given
them of political rights and the largest liberty
in our country : and unless we answer them
directly and send them all the papers, we might
have by the next steamer or by the cable a
peremptory demand from the house of repre-
sentatives of China, if there should happen to
be in the progress of events such a body in that
realm, for the surrender of Ah Sin and his
brothers in this country to the Chinese Gov-
ernment, and the restoration to them of all
property that may have been taken by process
or otherwise in actions against them.
Sir, this doctrine is one of the most perni-
cious and mischievous doctrines that we can
well establish in this country for ourselves.
We call ourselves " the home of the oppressed
of every land." We invite emigrants from
every country to come here and fuse them-
selves into our common nationality and be-
come a part, of our great country; and for the
purpose of making this invitation all the more
emphatic and earnest, we point to the case of
Martin Koszt.a, to show them what we will do
in defending and protecting them and throw-
ing about them the shield of our nationality
after they have once planted their feet on our
shores and made a declaration of intention of
becoming American citizens. But now, sir,
we are asked in the fiicc of that invitation, by
a solemn vote of the House of Representa-
tives, to declare that a residence abroad for
fifty years without any intention of returning
to one's country, any expressed intention, or
any that appears from any act, is not sufficient
to throw off' this nationality which we declare
can be put on by a residence of six months.
Sir, it is one of the most mischievous doc-
trines in my judgment that, could possibly be
devised, and if adopted as the serious'judg-
ment of our country would only be productive
of continual trouble in the conduct of our for-
eign affairs.
But, sir,.as I desire to yield a little of my
time to my colleague, [Mr. Poland,] I hasten
to state one more proposition in relation to
this case, and it is this: We hear much about
the rights of American citizens ; we have had
quoted to us the not entirely original state-
ment that it was a high honor once to be a
Roman citizen, and I have no doubt that it is
somewhat of an honor to be an' American
citizen. Still, Mr. Speaker, we have always
held that citizenship is a matter of duties as
well as of rights. The Government has rights
which the citizen must acknowledge. The Gov-
ernment has corresponding duties which it
must perform toward the citizen. The citizen
has rights which he can insist upon from the
Government, and the citizen is under obliga-
tion to perform duties toward the Government.
The relation is one which absolutely requires
that the citizen shall not permanently remove
from the country. Now, in this case we have
a person claiming to be a citizen of the United
States who never has had one dollar of prop-
erty interest in the United States. He has
not owned real estate here; he has never
owned any personal property here. He never
has contributed of his strength, of his intel-
lect, of his means in any way to build up or
defend or magnify the strength or the honor
of the American Government. He has never
done anything which a citizen of the United
States is called upon t,o do of the duties which
lie owes to the Government whose protection
he seeks. But he has chosen to cast his lot
with another people ; he has chosen to marry
his wife of another people; his children have
been born and reared with another people;
liis profession has been practiced in auother
country; his family, his property interest,
whatever interests he has, are with another
people, a foreign Power. And the only link
which he seems to regard as connecting him
with the United States is this duty of the
American Government to follow him with its
protection, even at the peril of war.
When a man asks protection of this Gov-
ernment,, or when his friends ask that for
him, I think that they ought to show some-
thing of the obligations resting upon the coun-
try to perform that duty toward bim ; that, they
ought to show that on his side of chat contract,
which should be a reciprocal contract in its
rights and duties, he has given something, or
shown somewhere his devotion to the country
whose protection he, claims. When forty mil-
lion people on the one hand are asked to
go to the risk of war to rescue from a Spanish
prison, or even a chain gang, any man who
may set up his claim to American citizenship
and the protection of the American Govern-
ment, it is due to us, before we offer ourselves
as ready to go to war m his behalf, that we
should understand what on his side has been
done from the first, what on his side ever has
been done to show that he has any right to
claim that protection.
I hold that the line of decisions is uniform,
that the current of authority is all one way,
and that no contrary opinions can be cited ;
that by this current of decisions and this
uniform authority Dr. Houard has no more
right to-day to ask the intervention of this
Government in his behalf than any other citi-
zen of Cuba or of Spain.
I yield the rest of my time to my colleague,
[Mr. Polaxd.]
Mr. POLAND. In the little time that my
colleague [Mr. Willard] has lett and has so
kindly yielded to m , of course I shall be able
to say but very little upon this question. I
have desired to obtain the floor for a short
time to say that in my judgment the doctrine
of this resolution is so utterly un-American,
so utterly hostile and contrary to the whole
doctrine that has been peculiar to this country
as against the doctrines of oiherand monarch-
ical countries, that I wish an opportunity to
say in a few words why I think so.
Now, it may be true that the Spanish Gov-
ernment may have dealt very cruelly and
harshly with this Dr. Houard—Howard, to
give his name a Yankee pronunciation, which
seems to be about all there is of his citizen-
ship and nationality—it may be true that they
have dealt unjustly with him; he may have
been wrongfully convicted, and may now be
suffering wrongfully for aught I know. But
the important question is, what is it to us?
What, have we as an American nation and
people to do about it? I do not undervalue
American eitizanship. I would go as far as
anybody ought to go in the protection of every
American citizen either here in this country,
or, if he choses to travel abroad, or become a
mere sojourner abroad, I would go as far as
anybody in requiring all foreign nations and
the officers of foreign Governments to treat
him properly and give him all his rights.
But how is it here? I am not going into a
history of this man at all. Suppose he was
born of American parents; suppose that he
had every attribute of citizenship up to the
time that he removed to the island of Cuba.
In 1843 or 1844, almost thirty years ago, he
removed to the island of Cuba and established
himself there in the practice of his profession,
and has been steadily following it since with
every sign of being a permanent citizen and
resident of that country. Now, what is the
legal presumption growing out of that fact?
As I understand, there is not a particle of
evidence in the case that this man ever had
any intention, ever expressed any intention, or
showed any intention in any manner or form,
to ever come back and reside in this country.
Let me ask my friend from Ohio who sits
before me, [Mr. Perry,] and every other good
lawyer in this House, what is the legal pre-
sumption of a continued residence and pros-
ecution of business in a country for thirty
years ? As the lawyers say, he had the animus
manendi, not the animus revertendi. Now,
in the absence of any fact showing otherwise,
that is the legal presumption.
Upon that state of facts, what is the Amer-
ican doctrine? I know that England, and I
suppose the European States generally, have
held the old doctrine of the common law, that
a man owes allegiance to the country of his
birth, and that he never can shake it off, no
matter where he goes. This doctrine was
founded and had its origin in a system of
feudalism and serfdom, that the man belonged
to the land, a species of slavery utterly at war
with the free principles and ideas on which this
Government was founded, and never was sanc-
tioned by our people.
Mr. BANKS. They have abandoned that
doctrine.
Mr. POLAND. Whether they have aban-
doned it or not we abandoned it first. I for
one wish to see our country stand by the doc-
trine which it has heretofore maintained ; and
1 would be glad to see the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs stand by it.
The difficulty with the resolution before the
House is that it proposes we shall abandon
the very doctrine upon which we went to war
with England in 1812, the very doctrine under
which we have claimed the right to protect
every Irishman aud every German who leaves
his native land and comes here to reside.
We are asked to repudiate that doctrine, and
to say that a man shall not go from among us
and make his home in some other country ;
for, it weare under obligations to Dr. Houard,
he is equally under obligations to us. The
relation, if it exists, must be a mutual one.
If our Government owes Dr. Houard any-
thing in the way of protection as a citizen
against any acts of the Spanish Government,
he owes allegiance to this Government, and
we would have aright to call upon him toper-
form the duties of citizenship. Have we any
such right ? When he has gone abroad to
Cuba or any other country to reside for thirty
years, have we any right to say to him, "You
must return and fulfill here the duties of citi-
zenship ?"
The true doctrine on this subject was laid
down in that celebrated letter of Mr. Marcy to
Chevalier Hulseman, which, has created an
enduring fame for its author, and upon which
the whole American nation has ever since
stood as the correct exposition ofthe law. In
that celebrated letter Mr. Marcy says:
" The sounder and more prevalent doctrine, how-
ever, is that the citizen or subject having faitht'ally
performed the past and present duties resulting
