102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
wag es and iioues of labor.
Mr. HOAE. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor to report back,
■with a recommendation that it pass, the bill
(H. E. No. 374) to provide for the appoint-
ment of a commission on the subject of the
wages and hours of labor and the division of
profits between labor and capital in the United
States. I propose to move tbat an additional
number of copies of the bill be printed, and
that its consideration be postponed until after
the holidays, and made a special order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I shall object
to its being made a special order.
Mr. HOAR. I move that the further con-
sideration of the biil be postponed and made
a special order for Wednesday, the 10th of
January.
The SPEAKER. That proposition cannot
be adopted except by unanimous consent; and
the Chair understands the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfiei.d] to object,.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will not ob-
ject if the consideration of the bill be restricted
to the single day named; but I cannot agree
that the bill shall be continued as a special
order from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. HOAR. I move, then, that the bill be
made a special order for that one day at one
o'clock, to take precedence at that time of all
other business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had bet-
ter fix half past one.
Mr. HOAR. I accept the suggestion of the
Chair, and modify my motion so as to fix that
hour.
Mr. KERR. I desire to make an inquiry
of the chairman of the committee, [Mr. Hoab.]
Is this bill approved by the committee?
Mr. HOAR. I understand it to be approved
by the committee, but the understanding is that
there shall be opportunity for any amendment
which may be desired. It is the purpose of
the committee to afford opportunity for any
amendment which may be offered at the proper
time.
Mr. KERR. That being so, I do not ob-
ject.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's propo-
sition is that this bill shall be made a special
order, to the exclusion of all other orders, for
the single dav of Wednesday, January 10.
Mr. \VOOD. I object to that.
Mr. KERR. So do I.
Mr. HOAR. Very well; then I now move
to put the bill on its passage, and ask the Clerk
to read it.
The Clerk read the bill. The first section
provides that there shall be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, a commission of three per-
sons, who shall hold office for the period of
two years from the date of their appointment,
unless their duties shall have been sooner ac-
complished, who shall investigate the subject
of the wages and hours of labor, and of the
division of the joint profits of labor and capital
between the laborer and the capitalist, and
the social, educational, and sanitary condition
of the laboring classes of the United States,
and how the same are affected by existing laws
regulating commerce, finance, and currency.
The second section provides that said commis-
sioners shall receive a salary of $5,000 each,
shall be authorized to employ a clerk, and
shall report the result of their investigation to
the President, to be by him transmitted to
Congress.
The SPEAKER. This bill has been twice
read, and the question now is upon ordering
it to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. KERR. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has the floor.
Mr. HOAR. And I do not yield for that j
purpose. |
Mr. Speaker, I had hoped the House, for its ,
own convenience, would have desired to post-
pone the consideration of this bill to a fixed
day, in order that members might have an
opportunity to consider it in detail more fully
than they have done. It is, however, a very
simple bill, and one which, when it is thor-
oughly understood by gentlemen on both sides
of the House, I am quite sure will receive
nearly or quite their unanimous approbation.
It is well known that from all parts of the
country, from all parts of the civilized world,
there comes up to our ears a cry o-f discontent
from that portion, that large portion of the
human race who receive the compensation of
their daily labor in the form of wages. In
other countries these classes are a portion of
the governed. In this country these classes
are the State itself. The number of persons
who come within the general description of
"the laboring classes" is in this country so
large and important, and the other classes are
so lew and unimportant, that it is not too much
to say that the latter may be left out in consid-
ering who are the persons whose will should
determine the policy of the country, and who
are the persons for whose benefit that policy
should be directed. The laborers of the State,
they are the State.
Now it is urged, not only by agitators, by mal-
contents, but by a large and increasing number
of the class I have named, that our existing
institutions, our existing laws on the subject
of the tariff, the finance, the currency, and on
taxation, tend more and more to give an undue
share of the joint profits of the result of labor
and capital to the latter, and to deprive the
former of its due and proper share. In other
words, that a man who, either by his own
economy or by fortune or accident has got
into his possession the savings of the labor of
the past generation, and contributes the use
of these savings to the labor of the present,
receives an undue and improper share of the
result of the labor of the country. Now, the
first duty of legislators in regard to a com-
plaint of this sort is to provide for a thorough,
exact, fearless ascertainmentof the fact. We
ought not to be afraid of light; forno abuse is
so great, no darknessso profound, no prejudice
in this country so intense, that we require to
cover it with avail or need fear to let in on it the
light of day. In regard to most of the evils
of society the cure, just as in regard to many
of the diseases which beset the human frame,
is not medicine, but the cure is light. Let
them be brought into the sunlight and the sick
will get well.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not place this bill
on the judgment or recommendation of the
committee alone. I claim we owe the slight
expenditure necessary to ascertain the fact to
the judgment of the laboringmen themselves.
In my own State, during the last campaign, a
respectable body of our fellow-citizens, consti-
tuting whatis called the "Laborparty," in their
State convention assembled, commended to
Congress the passage of this very bill which is
now before the House. And, although they
were arrayed politically against the party which
has the majority in the administration of the
Government to-day, they expressed their grati-
fication and respect for that party, in conse-
quence of its giving its attention to this matter.
Another and more interesting fact I desire to
state to theHouseiutbisconnection. Thegrand
International Association of Workingmen, an
organization which pervades Europe, which un-
derlies thrones, orders of nobility, establish-
ments for trade or for commerce, and which is
making its voice heard and its power felt every-
where, has asked of the Congress of the United
States this special measure. Now, sir, I am not
competent to express an opinion in regard to
the interesting historic question of the relation
of the Commune to the events which took
place in Paris during the last summer. We
have not heard their side of the story. One
thing we know, tbat there was a cattle in ex-
istence, whatever it may have been, that there
was an object before their eyes, whatever that
object may have been, which led these work-
ing people in Paris, young men and young
women in the morning of life, not merely from
the ignorant or oppressed classes, but from
the classes of culture, of family ties, in some
cases of wealth—which led them to go down
to their deaths calmly, heroically, cheerfully,
as ever bridegroom went to his marriage feast.
And I do not believe that a cause which in-
spired that heroism is a cause which is not
entitled to the respect of Americans every-
where.
The International Association of European
and American Workingmen has this title to
respect among others, that it has established
among the nations of the world a relation, that
it has recognized a kindred between man and
man, growing out of the common bond of
labor, greater, more powerful, more binding
than any mere national attachment, or than
any tie which connects the subject to the sov-
ereign. America is the last nation tbat ought
to be ungrateful for that sublime accomplish-
ment. In the darkest days of our own war,
when the governing classes of England would
have been glad to have joined the emperor of
France in recognition of the southern confed-
eracy, what prevented it was the angry growl
from the workingmen of Lancashire, saying to
the English Government, "Wre love the work-
ingmen of North America a great deal better,
we are more nearly allied in interest aud in feel-
ing to the workingmen of America, than we
are to the aristocracy of England; and although
we have borne many things from you, one
thing we will not bear, that you shall array the
power and the might of England against the
cause in which those American workingmen
are engaged."
Now, sir, I hold in my hand the general
rules and the administrative regulations of
the International Workingmen's Association,
adopted at their meeting in London in October
of the present year—a meeting attended by
delegates comprehending leading minds from
all civilized nations of the world : and among
other things they express their desire that an
inquiry may be instituted in each locality
where branches of their association exist, and
they express their wish for a cooperation,
especially in the United States of America, in
ascertaining the facts which th>s bill of mine
requires to be ascertained by this commission.
I will ask the Clerk to read the two paragraphs
beginning at the top of the tenth page.
The Clerk read as follows :
" The congress, therefore, proposes that in each
locality where branches of our association exist the
work be immediately commenced, and evidence col-
lected on the different points specified in the .sub-
joined scheme of inquiry; the congress invites the
workingmen of Europe and the United States ot
America to cooperate in gathering the elements of
the statistics of the working ctaas; reports and evi-
dence to be forwarded to the general council. The
general council shall elaborate them into a report,
adding the evidence as an appendix. This report,
together with its appendix, shall belaid before tho
next annual congress, and. after having received its
sanction, be printed at tho expense of the associa-
tion.
"General scheme of inquiry, which may of course
be modified by each locality: 1. Industry, name of.
2. Age and sex of the employed. 3. Number of the
employed. 4. Salaries and wages,- (n) apprentices;
(6) wages by the day or piecework ; scale paid by
middlemen; weekly, yearly average. 5. (a) Hours
of work in factories. The hours of work with
small employers and in home-work, if the bu-iness
oe carried on in those different modes. (<_■) Night
work and day work. 6. Meal times and treatment.
7. Sort of workshop and work; over-crowding, de-
fective ventilation, want of sunlight, use of gas-
light, cleanliness, &c. 8. Effect of emnlovuientupon
the physical condition. 9. Moral condition, educa-
tion. 10. State of trade; whether season trade, or
more or less uniformally distributed over the year,
whether greatly fluctuating, whether exposed to
foreign competition, wheter destined principally
for home or foreign consumption, &c."
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
that in framing this bill it was the desire to
avoid, if possible, anything that should excitc
