2790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
from his relation to the sovereign power, may at
any time release himself from the obligation 01
al legiance, freely quit the land of his birth or adopt-
ion, seek through all countries a home, and select
anywhere that which offers him the fairest prospect
of happiness for himself and his posterity."
Now we are asked to say that that is not
the true doctrine ; that Dr. Houard, although
he has chosen to spend the life-time almost of
a generation as a permanent resident in the
island of Cuba, had no right to do that ; that
he still owes obligations to this Government
as a"citizen. Now, I say he does not; and if
he does not, our Government owes no obliga-
tion to him.
The consequence of abandoning, as we are
called upon to do, the American doctrine upon
♦his subject would be to say to the English
Government, the German Government, to
every Government of Europe, " Although your
citizens have chosen to expatriate themselves,
although they have come and resided perma-
nently in our country for a great number of
years with a design to make this their home for
the remainder of their lives, and the home of
1heir children after them, they still owe obliga
t.ions to you." Now, I deny that doctrine.
This country has denied it for more than half
a century. I am for abiding by the American
doctrine and saying that whenever an irish-
man or a German or a native of any other
foreign country chooses to come here, cast
his lot with us, and make this his home, we
will protect him against the Government of
his birth or any other. I am in favor of say-
ing to every American citizen, '' If you choose
to go to some other country and 'make your
home there, yon have a perfect, right, to do so ;
you will 110 longer owe obligations to us, and
wc shall no longer owe obligations to you."
Mr. ELDREDGE. 1 wish to put an inquiry
tothogentlemanfrom Vermont, [Mr. Poland.]
He has expressed some of the views and con-
clusions to which I have come upon this ques-
tion ; but it seems to me that in the view which
lie takes he ignores a very important consid-
eration. Now he claims 
Mr. POLAND. Do not make an argument;
ask your question.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I shall be very brief.
Tlx; gentleman claims 
Mr. POLAND. Put your question ; do not
make an argument.
Mr. KLDREDGE. I am not going to make
an argument. The gentleman claims that in
order for a man to be entitled to the protection
of this Government, he must himself owe and
acknowledge obligations to the Government.
Now 1 wish to put this inquiry : if a citizen of
this country goes toSpain and Spain does not
accept him as a citizen, does not recognize
her obligation to protect him as a citizen of
Spain, can he, by the mere act of going to
Spain, be considered as having abandoned his
American nationality and rendered himself
no longer entitled to the protection of this
Government?
Mr. POLAND. I can answer that question
of the gentleman.
Mr. ELDUEDGE. lie is to be presumed
to have received the right of* protection from
the Government of Spain if he has lost his
right of protection by his own country. But
such is not the understanding of Spain, for
all of her acts in regard to Dr. Houard have
proved that iahe regarded him as an enemy,
and not as a subject of Spain.
Mr. POLAND. I will answer that question
in half the time in which the gentleman has
been patting it. This man went abroad to
reside permanently. It is of no sort of cimse-
quence whether he became naturalized or not;
whether he undertook to take upon himself
obligations to that Government, or whether
they undertook any obligations to him, is not
of the slightest account. The fact is that he
expatriated himself permanently, and that is
enough to end all obligations between him and
this Government. I agree, if a mere sojourner
and mere traveler in a country, he would
have the same right to call upon his country
and that would be under the same obligation
to him as if he had remained here; but the ;
moment he went there permanently to reside,
all obligation on our part ceases to protect him
as ati American citizen.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Then, according to the ^
gentlemen's argument, this man is a citizen of ,j
no country, and entitled to the protection ot ^
no Government.
Mr. POLAND. The gentleman may so con- ,
sider if he pleases ; but if that be so it is this ;
man's own fault, and not that of the Govern- :[
merit. In my opinion, a man may expatriate
himself and abandon his citizenship in this
country so as to lose all claim to its protection
without becoming, in a technical sense, a citi-
zen of another, in consequence of failing to
comply with their laws ot naturalization. His .
abandonment of his home here ends bis claim j
to protection by us. If ho has failed to secure i
a new right in the home of his adoption it is !
his concern alone. |
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. L. MYERS next addressed the House.
[His remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
He concluded by saying, Now, if I have any ;
time left, I will yield to the gentleman from ;
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Blair.
of Michigan.) The gentleman has three min- .
utes remaining of his time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will j
ask the House to hear me when I can have
more time.
Mr. L. MYERS. Well, 1 will yield what is
left of my time to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Packard,] my colleague on the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
jlessauk t'ito.u tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Stmpsojt,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a, bill (S. No. 671) to au-
thorize the West Wisconsin Railway Company
to keep up and maintain a bridge for railwav
purposes across Lake St. Croix to the city of
Hudson, in the State of Wisconsin ; in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
The message also informed the House that
the Senate had agreed to the resolution of
the House of Representatives expressive of
the regret with which Congress heard of the
demise of Professor S. F. B. Morse, with an
amendment; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
the late professor mouse.
Mr. COX. The amendment of the Senate
to the resolution in reference to the demise of
Professor Morse, which has just been received,
is merely verbal, and I trust the House will at
once agree to it. 1 ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. L. Myers] to yield a mo-
ment for that purpose.
Mr. L. MYERS. I yield for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
amendment of the Senate. i
The Clerk read as follows: j
Strike out all after the word " concurring," in the
first, line, and insert the following :
That the Congress of the United States have heard
with profound regret of the death of Professor S. F.
B. Morse. The American people cherish a grateful
sense of his preeminent service to his country and
mankind in happily applying the discoveries of
science by the invention of the American telegraph •
to relations most important in human affairs To !
the memory of a citizen thu0 allied with the tri-
umphs of science and the arts, whose genius and
character are honored in every land, the Congress '
: pauses to pay its tribute of respect. " <
' Mr. COX. I move that the amendment of •
the Senate be concurred in. |
The question was put; and the amendment
was concurred in. j
thxas pacific rmlk0a1).
Mr. WHEELER. I ask that the Senate
bill (S. No. 724) supplementary to an act
entitled " An act to incorporate the Texas
Pacific Railroad Company, and to aid in the 1
construction of its road, and for other pur- j
poses," approved March 3, 1871, now on the
Speaker's table, be printed, with sundry
amendments which I desire to offer from the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered,
lilt. JOH.N EMILIO 110 U A KB
The House resumed the consideration of the
preamble and resolution reported from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. PACKARD. Mr. Speaker, in the
Committee on Foreign Affairs I gave my ap-
proval to this resolution; but 1 did not then
know or suspect that it was to be made the
vehicle of an attack on the Administration. I
assented to the resolution with some hesita-
tion, and chiefly because of my distrust of the
Spanish character and want of confidence in
the integrity of the Cuban authorities. _ But
if by a vote for this resolution I am to be inter-
preted as censuring the Administration, I must
interpose my negative.
I did not expect to say one word, but I am
\ surprised into it by the remarks oj' the two gen-
1 tlemen from New York, [Mr. Wood and Mr.
Rouerts.] The first named gentleman quoted
largely from the executive document which
I hold in my hand, and I will show from that
document, if I have time in the two minutes
allowed me, that the Administration has inter-
! posed in behalf of this man. Dr. Houard,
promptly, vigilantly, and persistently, having
j gone further to shield him aud protect nim than
} under like circumstances the Government has
ever done before.
The first notice of the arrest of Dr. Houard
■ was received January 3, 1871, and its receipt
was promptly acknowledged by the State De-
partment. On the 28th of January another
dispatch was received from the consul general
at Havana in regard to the arrest, covering a
' letter from the captain general, in which he
| says:
! "In view of the statements made in your com-
munication of the 20th December uttimo, in refer-
j ence to Mr. Juan Emilio Houard, detained at Cien-
fuegos, on su-pieion of connivance with the insur-
! gents, I havegiven orders to the commander of oper-
! ations of the Cmco Villas to grant to Mr. Houard
evciy cunsideiation due to foreigners, a speedy
! investigation of the case, and immediate liberation
j, if found innocent of the charge preferred against
I him."
I Could anything more be asked for? Hehad
; not yet been tried, and he was promised lib-
; eral treatment. National comity could not
permit any further demands at this point,
i On the 6th day of January, 1872, Mr. Ho-
, ratio Fox, the consul at Trinidad de Cuba,
! notified the State Department that Dr. Houard
had been tried aud sentenced to -'eight years'
imprisonment for political causes." This
dispatch inclosed another, in which it was
stated that the captain genera! of Cuba had
affirmed that the consul had no right to ask
| for information, but that it should come
: through the Spanish minister at Washington.
■ This was received ou the 6th of January, and
j on the 8tn of the same month Secretary Fish
addressed a note on the subject to the Spanish
j minister, Mr. Lopez Roberts, closing as fol-
lows:
I have the honor to request through you a report
! upon the charges, and the evidence in support of
, them, brought against Dr. J. E. Houard, represented
to be a citizen of the United States, who was recently
condemned by court-martial at Cienfuegos to eight
years .imprisonment and the confiscation of all his
property.
Accept, sir, &e„ HAMILTON FISH.
| Could anything more have been done, and
could it have been done more promptly?
There were various other dispatches ; but I
come to that of March 9, 1872, to Mr. Adee,
which closes as follows :
You will point out the fact that Dr. Houard is a
native citizen of the United States; you will rc-
: monstrate against the proceedings of the Spanish
authorities in Cuba in this case as a violation of tho
provisions of tho treaty already cited; and you will
also ask his immediate release.
1 am, sir, &c.,
  , , HAMILTON FISH.
A. A. Adee. esq., &c.
I might stop here, but I want to read the
