998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
Maine [Mr. Hale] desires the House to go
into Committee of the Whole for the consider-
ation of an appropriation bill. Nevertheless,
I must ask the indulgence of the House for a
few moments.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, desires to make
a statement to the House. Is there objection?
The Chair hears none.
Mr. DAWES. The House yesterday by a
very large vote instructed the Committee of
Ways and Means to report a bill repealing all
import duties upon tea and coffee. In obedi-
ence to that instruction I am directed by the
committee to present a bill to the House. I
am instructed, however, to ask the indulgence
of the House for a few moments before pre-
senting the bill. I think the House will not
consider that request unreasonable.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order.
I have no wish to place the Committee on
Appropriations in antagonism to the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means. I de-
sire, however, to say thai the Committee on
Appropriations has had its business thrown out
of the House for now nearly a fortnight, wait-
ing all the time for an opportunity to pi ess
the bills which they have reported. The com-
mittee has two bills ready for the consideration
of the House. The naval appropriation bill is
ready for consideration at the present time,
and I desire to propose that, the House shall
go into Committee of the Whole for the pur-
pose of considering that bill. I understood
that the genlleipan from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] the chairman of the Committee of
"Ways and Means, moved to go to business on
the Speaker's table. I wish to inquire whether
or not the report to which the gentleman has
alluded to is a matter which would come under
that motion?
Mr. DAWES. I simply made the motion
t,o go to business on the Speaker's table, in
order to terminate the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood that
to be the object of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. He made the highest privileged
motion, in order to close the morning hour, but
of course it requires unanimous consent for the
gentleman to proceed with the remarks which
he desires to address to the House.
Mr. DAWES. I am aware of that.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
proceeding with his statement?
Mr. COX. On what subject?
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means desires to make a
statement in regard to the resolution of instruc-
tion to the committee which passed the House
yesterday.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Massachusetts. I wish
to know whether he intends to raise a discus-
sion upon the question of repealing the duties
upon tea and coffee, or whether he desires
simply to make a statement, without, any op-
portunity being given to gentlemen on the other
side to be heard with reference to this ques-
tion? Before I give my consent to the gentle-
man proceeding, I want to know exactly what
he desires to do.
Mr. DAWES. I will state in reply to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood] that
I do not desire to raise any discussion on the
merits of the bill. I simply wish to state to
the House an embarrassment in which the
committee finds itself, and I will ask the
House, after I have reported the bill, to re-
commit it, if it should think that the em-
barrassment which I shall state is a sufficient
reason for adopting that course.
Mr. WOOD, if I correctly understand the
gentleman, he intends that the proposition
which he submits from his committee shall be
discussed by the House.
Mr. DAWES. It was not my purpose to
ask the House to discuss the merits of the bill,
but merely to bring before the House the
position in which the committee finds itself,
and to see whether, in order to relieve the
committee of this embarrassment, they will
not recommit the bill.
Mr. WOOD. Will that involve a discussion
of the merits? .
Mr. HALE. I suppose a motion to go into
Committee of the Whole would be in order
now ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts made the motion of highest privi-
lege, to go to business on the Speaker's table.
That is the only motion which would take the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] off his
feet in rising to move that the House go into
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HALE. I understood the gentleman
to withdraw that motion.
Mr. DAWES. 1 shall withdraw it if the
House is not willing to permit this statement
to be made on behalf of the committee. I am
the organ of the committee in this respect,
and should like very much to be permitted to
make that, statement.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again dis-
tinctly submit the question. The gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
desires to make a statement t.o the House
on behalf of his committee. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. ELDREDGE. How long does the gen-
tleman desire?
Mr. HALE. One word. It, seems to me
that my motion is clearly in order.
The SPEAKER. It is clearly in order.
The gentleman from Maine will observe that
what the Chair now has to determine is the
question of unanimous consent to a statement
from the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. HALE. If it is simply an explanation,
to be followed by no motion which will take
up the time of the House, 1 do not wish to
object at all; bur, if the gentleman's motion is
t" lead to a general discussion upon a subject
which I know from my own interest in it will
excite much interest in the House, I will not
yield the floor, for 1 wish to go into Committee
of the Whole to get rid of another of the
appropriation bills.
Mr. COX. I hope the House will not have
the discourtesy to refuse the request of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
He makes the statement that there is embar-
rassment m the business of his committee in
reference to which he desires to make a state-
ment.
Mr. HALE. I do not object if it is simply
a statement, but if we are tolannch into a tariff
debate, into the wide waste of debate upon
that question, I really cannot yield.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maine will observe that it is impossible to
make any agreement unless by unanimous
consent. The chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means makes the request that, the
House will allow him to make a statement.
It. requires unanimous consent. An objection
to it must be absolute.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry, and it is whether tbe unan-
imous consent asked is for a statement or for
some other objcct? I do not object to the
statement, although I might object to any
action that might be proposed.
Mr, DAWES. So far as I am concerned I
do not at all desire to occupy the time of the
House, but there are other members of the
committee who desire to be heard also. I think
the whole matter can be disposed of in three
quarters of an hour. 1 do not intend, nor do
1 think that any member of the committee
intends to enter into the discussion of this bill
or of the tariff generally.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suggest, then,
that three quarters of an hour be assigned to
the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. MEROUR. I object.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts proposes to report a tax bill
from the Committee of Ways and Means, he
has the absolute right to do so.
Mr. DAWES. I am not at liberty to report
the bill unless I have permission to make a
statement.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. Could not the gen-
tleman, as the member reporting the bill,
occupy the floor ?
The SPEAKER. Hehas the right to report
a bill in the nature of a tax bill at any time,
but of course the rule requires that tbe bill
should have its first consideration in Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and a
single objection would send the bill to that com-
mittee. Except by unanimous consent, for the
purpose of making a personal explanation, the
gentleman cannot proceed in the House. •
Mr. HALE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
for the purpose of taking up the special order,
the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. BANKS. 1 understand that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means are not ready to
make a report m answer to the instructions of
the House given to them yesterdny. I will
therefore move that they have further time.
The SPEAKER. The resolution adopted
yesterday does not say that they should report
forthwith.
Mr. BANKS. But they feel it incumbent
upon them to make a report or to ask to be
heard.
Mr. RANDALL. I shall object to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts making a statement
unless he can fix some time when he will re-
port the bill.
Mr. DAWES. That would not relieve us
at all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sees no neces-
sity for the motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Baxks.] The resolution
yesterday was not obligatory, and the Chair
cannot hold that it was by entertaining a mo'ion
to fix the time. Moreover, the motion ot' the
gentleman from Massachusetts would require
unanimous consent.
Mr. HALE. I insist upon my motion to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and pending that motion I move
that all debate upon the naval appropriation
bill be limited to two and a half hours. I will
state to the House that my reason for fixing a
time which to some may seem too long is
that certain gentlemen on the other side have
requested an opportunity to be heard, and I
propose to have time enough allowed for them
to be heard. I had not proposed to take much
time myself, but to allow this bill to be dis-
cussed as other appropriation bills have been.
But courtesy to the other side seems to require
that I should give them the time they desire.
Mr. DAWES. I wish the House would give
me half an hour of that two hours and a half.
It does seem to me (I may be mistaken about
it] that matters pending in the Committee of
Ways and Means are ot such a character that
the House might indulge me with a half or
three quarters of an hour of the two and a
half hours the gentleman asks to have allowed
for debate.
I he SPEAKER. The Chair has endeavored
in every way he could to facilitate the object
of the gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. I am fully aware of that; I
am only making a suggestion to the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
half an hour of the time asked for shall be
granted to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mi. Dawes.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman certainly
does notsubmitthat as a motion to be determ-
ined by a majority vote.
