3686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
up by some private arrangement; as though
the putting into a public bill an appropriation
for a building which has been authorized by
law, is a part of some private scheme of rob-
bery in order that somebody may enrich him-
self out of it.
The gentleman will allow me to say that I
think he is overdoing the business of attacking
this officer. For several years he has been
making charges against a subordinate in one
of the Departments of this Government. Why
does he not rather make his charges against
the officer on whom rests the official responsi-
bility, the Secretary of the Treasury ? We rec-
ommend no appropriations here upon the
representations of the supervising architect
of the Treasury alone; Congress authorizes
the construction of no public building on the
recommendation of the supervising architect
of the Treasury. The name of the chief, the
head of that Department, his authentication,
his recommendation, the shield of his respons-
ibility appears in every case before the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. And it will not do
for the gentleman from Illinois, or anybody
else, to ignore this great authority, go behind
it and stab at some subaltern, and say that
whatever is being done is being done by him,
and that any committee in Congress who rec-
ommend any appropriation for a public build-
ing are helping some subordinate in some
Department of the Government to steal a
patent roofing, or to do some other corrupt or
improper thing.
Now, I suggest to the gentleman from Illinois,
if he have any further trouble about these
matters, to demand a committee of investiga-
tion, and I will vote for him to be its chair-
man, and to investigate to the bottom any
charges that may be made against any one of
the public Departments.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman will
allow me to say that such an investigation was
made in the last Congress by a committee of
which Mr. Churchill was chairman, and he
made the report from which I have read, and
which, shows these charges to be true.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Why, then,
does not some conclusion come out of these
Reports? Why does not the gentleman offer
a resolution to call before the bar of the Sen-
ate to be impeached some officer against whom
these charges are made, which the gentleman
believes to be true? Why do we halt to such " a
lame and impotent conclusion " asthis? If we
are to believe the gentleman thejaws of hell gape
beneath us with corruption yawning wide, on
all sides; but the gentleman aud those who
think with him do nothing about it except to
scold about it in the House of Representatives,
to joke about it a little and then go home to
their dinners. If these things be, as the gentle-
man affirms, let him bring in his charges and
I will vote to try them before the bar of the
Senate. If half these things he charges be
true, I venture to say he will have the votes
of four fifths of the House to sustain his arti-
cles of impeachment; but this perpetual scold-
ing, this smoke without fire, these assaults
which are never pushed to resolutions, I, for
one, am tired of.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Chairman, I confess I
do not see this matter in the light in which it
seems to present itself to the mind of the
gentleman from Ohio. The gentleman from
Illinois, upon his responsibility, in his place
here, tells us that the supervising architect of
the Treasury has entered into an arrangement
with Mr. A. R. Shepherd, a well known mem-
ber of the Board of Public Works of this Dis-
trict, by which Mr. Shepherd is to have a large
profit, or royalty, on a certain patent roofing
known as the Vaux roofing. He states as the
fact, which I understand nobody here denies,
if they do we ought to have the denial now,
that, the supervising architect of the Treasury
is putting this roofing, concerning which he
has made this arrangement with Mr. Shep-
herd, upon the public buildings all over the
country.
The gentleman from Illinois states further
the fact, which so far as my own observa-
tion extends is entirely true, that nobody in
our cities uses this Vaux patent roofing on pri-
vate buildings. Its use seems to be confined
entirely to these public buildings erected under
the direction of the supervising architect of
the Treasury ; and if private parties have never
found it worth while to use this roofing at
all, why would it not be well for Congress to
forbid its further use on the public buildings ?
Private citizens when they erect buildings know
what to use. And if it be true, and it is not
denied, that this thing has not come into use
at all in this country except upon public build-
ings controlled by this officer, and that its use
then is for the benefit of the man who has the
control of it, then it is right and wise to stop
the further use of this roofing here, without
any question as to who ia corrupt or who
ought to be impeached.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw my
amendment so that it maybe renewed by some
other gentleman.
Mr. PLATT. I renew it.
Mr. DOX. I move that the committee now
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Wheel-
er reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, pursuant to the
order of the House, had had under considera-
tion the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the bill (H. R. No. 2705) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1873, and for other purposes, and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
post office appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER announced the appoint-
ment of Mr. Palmer, Mr. Sargent, and Mr.
Niblack, as the conferees on the part of the
House upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses upon the amendments of the Senate to
the bill of the House No. 1070, making appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office
Department for the year ending June 30, 1873.
post routes.
Mr. CALDWELL.' I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce and have passed at this time
a small post route bill, which is necessary for
the mail service in Tennessee. There is no
legislation in the bill.
Mr. STORM. I ask the gentleman to in-
clude in his bill some post routes forthe State
of Pennsylvania, which are also necessary.
Mr. CALDWELL. I have no objection.
Accordingly, no objection being made, the
bill (H. R. No. 2854) to establish certain post
routes in the States of Tennessee and Penn-
sylvania was introduced, aud read a first and
second time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CALDWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. HILL was granted leave of absence for
two days.
Mr. COBB was granted leave of absence for
one week.
Mr. McCRARY was granted leave of absence
from the session of the House this evening.
tariff and tax bill.
Mr. WINCHESTERobtained leave to have
printed in the Globe some remarks he had
prepared on the tariff and tax bill passed yes-
terday. [See Appendix.]
Mr. SEELEY obtained leave to have printed
in the Globe some remarks he had prepared
on the same subject. [See Appendix.]
committee on patents.
Mr. L. MYERS. I renew my request that
the session of Monday evening of next week
be assigned for the consideration of reports
from the Committee on Patents.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. BECK. I move that the House now
take a recess till half past seven p, m.
The SPEAKER. By order of the House
the session of this evening will be devoted to
the consideration of further reports from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] will occupy the
chair as Speaker pro tempore.
The motion of Mr. Beck was then agreed
to; and accordingly (at four o'clock and thirty-
five minutes p. m.) the House took a recess
until half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The recess having expired, the House re-
sumed its session, Mr. GXrfield, of Ohio,
in the chair as Speaker pro tempore.
loosits aerial telegraph.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
resumes the consideration of the unfinished
busiuess of last evening pending at the time
of adjournment, being House bill No. 772, to
incorporate the Loomis Aerial Telegraph Com-
pany.
Mr. BANKS. In what way does that bill
come before the House at this time?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By unani-
mous consent the bill was taken up last even-
ing, and pending a division upon seconding
the previous question the House adjourned.
Mr. BANKS. I yielded the floor to the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Conger] for
a speech only.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Unanimous
consent was asked and given, after the gen-
tleman from Michigan had concluded his
remarks, for the consideration of the bill by
the House at that time.
Mr. CONGER. Let that bill be laid over
for the present. I suppose the Committee on
Foreign Affairs will give way for it later in the
evening.
Mr. BANKS. We cannot give way. Let
it be disposed of now.
Mr. L. MYERS. The gentleman had better
give way to me. I have a matter which I am
privileged to report at any time.
Mr. CONGER. The bill which I desire to
have passed will do as little harm as anything
we can consider.
heirs of captain b. b. perkins.
Mr. DONNAN. I ask unanimous consent
to report from t.he Committee on Military Af-
fairs, for consideration at thepresenttime, the
bill (S. No. 765) forthe relief of the heirs of
the late Captain B. R. Perkins of the United
States Army.
There being no objection, the bill was read.
It provides that one year's pay and allowances
be authorized and directed to be paid to the
heirs of Captain B. R. Perkins, late of the
United States Army, being the amount to
which he would have been entitled had he re-
ceived notice that he was honorably mustered
out prior to his death.
Mr. RANDALL. What is the point in this
case ?
Mr. DONNAN. The point is simply this :
this officer was mustered out 
Mr. HOLMAN. If there is a report let it
be read.
Mr. DONNAN. There is a report which
will state all the facts.
The report was read.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DONNAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
