1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3687
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
purchases for the government.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I ask unanimous
consent to report from the Committee of Ways
and Means a bill to which I am sure, there
will be no objection. It is a biil (H. R. No.
1092) relative to the purchase of articles for
the Government. The committee have directed
me to report it with a substitute.
The substitute, which was read for inform-
ation, provides that no proposals shall be
invited by any officer of the Government for
any article or articles to be used by Congress
or any Department of the Government for the
supply of articles manufactured exclusively in
foreign countries when similar articles are
manufactured in our own country ; and in the
purchase of all such articles preference is to
be given to those manufactured in the United
States if of equal quality and price.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. • There can be no
objection to the bill. I will state that in cer-
tain advertisements of the Departments 
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall be glad to hear
what the gentleman has to say ; but I reserve
the right to object.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. The habit has grown
up for the Departments, in advertising for
various supplies for the Government, to call
for articles made abroad only. For example,
I hold in my hand an advertisement for John
Rodgers & Co.'s cutlery, which is made only
in Sheffield. Now, the purpose of the bill is
to require the Departments in such advertise-
ments to avoid calling for articles of foreign
manufacture exclusively. Let them, if they
choose, call for cutlery equal to a particular
style of British cutlery, but not require that
the cutlery shall be of British manufacture.
Mr. RANDALL. From what source does
that advertisement come?
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. The advertisement
which I hold in my hand emanates from the
Post Office Department. I may state that this
habit has grown up during a long course of
years; and I do. not bring any indictment
against any of the Departments; but 1 call
attention to this obvious impropriety, which is
best corrected by a simple bill such as I have
introduced, which merely requires tbat pro-
posals shall not be invited for articles exclu-
sively of foreign manufacture.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the bill be
reported again.
The substitute, which by unanimous consent
was considered as a new bill (H. R. No. 2865)
was again read.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. Of course there
can be no objection to it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved tbat the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
davenport and st. paul railroad.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker'stable the amendments
of the Senate to tbebill (II. R. No. 1672) grant-
ing to the Davenport and St. Paul Railroad
Company the rightof way, and I shall move the
House concur in the amendments of the Senate.
The Clerk read the amendments of the Sen
ate, as follows:
In the first section strike out "superstructure of
tho."
In the second section, after "United States," in-
sert " of one half;" after "act" these words: "and
the payment to the Chicago, Rock Island, and Pa-
cific Ilaiiroad Company of the remaining half of
said sum of money;" and after "direction" these
words: "and shall continue under the control."
At the end of section three add the following:
And when completed, any other railroad company
or companies shall be permitted under the direction
of the Secretary of "War to pass their trains of cars
over said last-named bridge and track and ap-
proaches thereto, upon paying to the parties then in
interest their proportionate shareof the post thereof,
and of keeping the same in repair : And provided
further. That nothing contained in this act shall be
so construed as to interfere with any right or claim
of the United States to control so much of the
original line or bridge as is located east of the main
channel of the Mississippi river.
Add the following new section:
Sec. 4. That the l>avenport and St. Paul Railroad
Company shall have the right to use the approaches
to said bridge, and in case the parties hereto cannot
agree upon the terms for using said approaches to
said bridge, then, and in that case, the same shall be
fixed by the Secretary of War upon such terms and
in such manner as he may deem just and proper.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to have the
bill read as amended. It is utterly impossible
to comprehend what it is by the reading of the
Senate amendments.
Mr. HOLMAN. The bill passed the House
and is returned to us by the Senate with these
amendments.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to know
what is the effect of these amendments.
Mr. HOLMAN. I can state in a few words
all there is about the case ; and it is a matter
worthy of consideration. As the gentleman
fr<?m Pennsylvania knows, the Rock Island
bridge was built in part by the Government.
As the bill passed the House the amount paid
by this company was to be paid into the Treas-
ury. The Senate have changed that proposi-
tion, and propose one half shall be paid to the
company which built the bridge in connection
with the Government, and the other paid into
the Treasury, retaining in regard to the Govern-
ment the same relation to the bridge that the
Government originally retained when the bridge
was built by the Rock Island Bridge Company.
The Committee on Commerce have had these
amendments under consideration. I see none
of the members of that committee present
here this evening excepting the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Conger,] who knows the
opinion of the committee on this subject. The
opinion of the committee was that it was better
for the Government to retain an interest in the
bridge. I believe I am authorized to say that
the members of the Committee of Commerce
are in favor of these amendments of the Senate
being concurred in.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like the gentle-
man from Indiana to explain what he means
by the Governmentretainingan interest iu this
bridge.
Mr. HOLMAN. The Rook Island bridge
was built originally, as the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will remember, by the railroad
company interested in the structure and the
Government jointly. The Government had to
have approaches to its works on Rock Island.
The House proposed that the whole amount
to be paid by the original company should go
into the Treasury. The Senate think the Gov-
ernment should retain an interest in this bridge
and supervision over it, because it will have
to have a passway to its works on Rock Island.
Therefore, instead of being paid into the Treas-
ury, it is provided that one half shall be paid
to the Government and the other half to the
original company connected with the Govern-
ment in building tbis bridge.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. What is the
amount?
Mr. HOLMAN. The amount is very con-
siderable, some two million dollars altogether.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I mean what
amount is to be paid into the Treasury ?
Mr. HOLMAN. The Davenport and St.
Paul Railroad Company is to pay one third of
the cost of the bridge, and one half of that
amount is to be paid into the Treasury of the
United States.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. How much will
that be 1
Mr. HOLMAN. I cannot state the amount
precisely at this moment.
Mr. CONGER. There is a wagon track
and a railway track in the same structure.
The Government retain the control of the
wagon-bridge. By the terms of the original
act other railroad companies were authorized
to have the use of the railroad bridge on cer-
tain conditions.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. As I understand
it, we give up one half of the amount, and one
half goes into the Treasury. I should like to
know how much that is.
Mr. PBRCE. I think it would be better
that there should be action on this bill by the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CONGER. The committee are unani-
mous in its favor, although they have not
formally reported it.
Mr. BIRD. I object to the present consid-
eration of the bill if the committee have not
considered it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill is not before the House.
customs oaths and affirmations.
Mr. MERRIAM, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2856) to abolish
oaths and affirmations in customs entries, and
to substitute declarations in lieu thereof; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. McGRE W. I demand the regular order.
loomis aerial telegraph.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The regular
order being demanded, the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Conger] has the floor, and
demands the previous question on ordering
the bill (H. R. No. 772) to incorporate the
Loomis Aeriel Telegraph Company to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
Mr. CONGER. Before I call the previous
question I yield to the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Willard,] who wishes to offer an
amendment to which I have no objection.
Mr. WILLARD. I ask the Clerk to read
the third section of the bill:
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 3. That the business and objects of said cor-
poration shall be to develop and utilize the princi-
ples and powers of natural electricity, to be used iu
telegraphing, generating light, heat, and motive-
power, and otherwise make and operate any ma-
chinery run by electricity for any purpose; and to
use any appliances necessary to conduct electricity,
iu any form, in or through any portion of the United
States and Territories of the same, subject to the
laws of the various States and United States, through
and in which said conductors or appliances may
run or be stationed, and said telegraph or machinery
be operated.
Mr. WILLARD. I offer the following as a
proviso, to come in at the end of the first
section :
Provided, That the corporate powers created by
this act shall not be exercised by said company
within any State except by the consont of such State,
and under such rules and regulations as such State
may prescribe.
Mr. CONGER. I have no objection to that.
Mr. RANDALL. I suppose that when the
word "State" occurs in the amendment the
Legislature of the State is meant. I would
suggest tbat that be expressed.
Air. HOAR. 1 would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Vermont that nearly every State in
the Union allows foreign corporations to come
within its limits without special consent. In
that view this proposed proviso seems rather
harsh.
Mr. WILLARD. I suppose the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] will agree
that no provision in this bill is required to
allow States to give such consent to foreign
corporations.
Mr. CONGER. I do not make objection
to the amendment of the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Willard] simply because I
cannot pass my bill otherwise. I consider the
amendment entirely unnecessary and un-
worthy of adoption. But I believe I cannot
pass the bill unless I agree to it.
The amendment of Mr. Willard was agreed
to.
Mr. CONGER. I now call the previous
question on the bill as amended.
