3688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; which was on
ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a
third time.
Mr. McINTYRE. I ask that the bill, as
amended, be read in full.
The bill was again read.,
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. CONGEE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
.CKNTKNNIAL EXHIBITION.
Mr. L. MYERS, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported back, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass, the bill (H. R.
No. 2708) relative to the centennial interna-
tional exhibition to be held in the city of
Philadelphia, State of Pennsylvania, in the
year 1870.
Mr. RANDALL. I suggest that in read-
ing the bill the Clerk omit the names. There
are some five hundred names, and the House
is not very full, and if there were any mis-
takes in the names they perhaps might not
be detected in the reading. I would suggest
to members that they take pains to see that
the names are properly engrossed.
Mr. L. MYERS. I have no objection to
my colleague's proposition.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there be
no objection, in the reading of the bill the
names will be omitted.
There was no objection.
The preamble and bill were read.
The first section of the bill creates, to con-
sist of the persons therein named and their
associates and successors, a body corporate, to
be known by the name of the centennial
board of finance, and by that name to have
an incorporate existence until the object for
which it is formed shall have been accom-
plished ; and provides that it. shall be compe-
tent to sue and to be sued, plead and be im-
pleaded, defend and be defended, in all courts
of law and equity in the United States ; and
may make and have a corporate seal, and may
purchase, take, have, and hold, and may-
grant, sell, and at pleasure dispose of all such
real and personal estate as may be required in
carrying into effect the provisions of an act of
Congress entitled "An act to provide for cele-
brating the one hundredth anniversary of
American independence by holding an inter-
national exhibition of arts and manufactures,
and products of the soil and mine, in the city
of Philadelphia, and State of Pennsylvania,
in the year 1876," approved March 3, 1871,
and all acts supplementary thereto.
The second section provides that the said
corporation shall have authority, and em-
powers it to secure subscriptions of capital
stock to an amount not exceeding $10,000,000,
to be divided into shares of ten dollars each,
and to issue to the subscribers of said stock
certificates therefor under the corporate seal
of said corporation, which certificate shall
bear the signature of the president and treas-
urer, and be transferable under such rules and
regulations as may be made for the purpose;
and it is made lawful for any municipal or
other corporate body existing by or under the
laws of the United States to subscribe and
pay for shares of said capital stock, and all
holders of said stock shall become associates
in said corporation, and shall be entitled to
one vote on each share, and it shall be the
duty^ of the United States centennial com-
mission to prescribe rules to enable absent
stockholders to vote by proxy. The proceeds
of said stock, together with the receipts from
all other sources, are to be used by said cor-
poration for the erection of suitable buildings,
with their appropriate fixtures and appurte-
nances, and for all other expenditures required
in carrying out the objects of the said act of
Congress of March 3, 1871, and which may be
incident thereto. And the said corporation
are required to keep regular minutes of its
proceedings, and full accounts, with the vouch-
ers therefor, of all the receipts and expendi-
tures, and the same shall be always open to
the inspection of the United States centen-
nial commission, or any member thereof.
The third section provides that books of
subscription shall be opened by the United
States centennial commission, under such
rules as it may prescribe, and an opportunity
shall be given during a period of one hun-
dred days to the citizens of each State and
Territory to subscribe for stock to an amount
not exceeding its quota, according to its popu-
lation, after which period of one hundred
days, stock not taken may be sold to any per-
son or persons or corporation willing to pur-
chase the same.
Section four provides that after the expira-
tion of the period of one hundred days, the
United States centennial commission shall
issue a call for a meeting, by publication in one
or more newspapers published at the capital
of each State and Territory, not less than
thirty days prior thereto, of those who may
then have subscribed for stock, to be held in
the city of Philadelphia, for the purpose of
electing a board of directors, to consist of
twenty five stockholders, whose term of office
shall be one year, and until their successors
shall have been qualified; at which meeting
those who may be present in person or by
proxy shall be competent to organize and elect
said officers. The said board of directors, and
every subsequent board shall be chosen by the
stockholders out of a list of one hundred
stockholders, selected and nominated by the
United States centennial commission. Nine
members of the board of directors shall con-
stitute a quorum for the transaction of busi-
ness, but no election or change of officers shall
take place unless at a meeting of the board of
directors, at. which a majority shall be present.
Section five provides that the board of di-
rectors shall elect, from its own number, a
president and two vice presidents, whose term
of office shall be one year, and until their suc-
cessors shall have been duly qualified, and
shall appoint a treasurer, a secretary, and
such other officers as may be required to carry
out the purposes of the corporation, which
elected and appointed officers shall hold their
respective offices during the pleasure of the
board, receiving such compensation as the
board may prescribe; and the board shall also
adopt such by-laws, rules, and regulations for
its own government, and for the government
of its officers, as may be deemed expedient,
provided that the same shall not be inconsist-
ent with any act of Congress or the rules
adopted by the United States centennial com-
mission.
It is provided by section six that as soon as
the board of directors shall have been duly
organized, as provided for in section five of
this act, it shall be the duty of the Uuited
States centennial commission to deliver to the
said board all stock subscription books, with
the papers and records of any kind in its pos-
session, pertaining to the same.
Section seven provides that the grounds for
the exhibition shall be prepared and the build-
ings erected by the said corporation, in accord-
ance with plans which shall have been pre-
viously adopted by the United States centennial
commission, and the rules and regulations of
said-corporation, governing rates for "en-
trance" and "admission" fees, or otherwise
affecting the rights, privileges, or interests of
the exhibitors, or of the public, shall be fixed
and established by the United States centennial
commission ; and no grant conferring rights or
privileges of any description connected with
the said grounds or buildings, or relating to
said exhibition or celebration, shall be made
without the consent of the United States cen-
tennial commission, and said com mission shall
have power to control, change, or revoke all
such grants, and shall appoint all judges and
examiners and award all premiums.
The eighth section authorizes the centennial
board of finance to issue bonds, not in excess
of its capital stock, and secure the payment
of the same, principal and interest, by mortgage
upon its property and prospective income.
The ninth section makes it the duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury of the United States,
as soon as practicable after the passage of this
act, to cause to be prepared, in accordance
with a design approved by the United States
centennial commission and by the Secretary
of the Treasury, a sufficient number of certifi-
cates of stock to meet the requirements of this
act; and any person found guilty of counter-
feiting, or attempting to counterfeit, or know-
ingly circulating false certificates of stock,
herein authorized, shall be subject to the same
paius and penalties as are or may be provided
by law for counterfeiting United States cur-
rency; but nothing in this act shall be so
construed as to create any liability of the
United States, direct or indirect, for any debt
or obligation incurred, nor for any claim, by
the centennial international exhibition or the
corporation hereby created, for aid or pecun-
iary assistance from Congress or the Treasury
of the United States, in support or liquidation
of any debt3 or obligations created by the cor-
poration herein authorized. Nothing in this
act is to be so construed as to override or
interfere with the laws of any State; and all
contracts made in any State for the purposes
of the centennial international exhibition are
to be subject to the laws thereof. No member
of the centennial board of finance assumes
any personal liability for any debt or obliga-
tion which may be created or incurred by the
corporation authorized by this act.
The tenth section provides that as soon as
practicable after the said exhibition shall
have been closed, it shall be the duty of
said corporation to convert its property into
cash, and, after the payment of all its liabili-
ties, to divide its remaining assets among its
stockholders, pro rata, in fall satisfaction and
discharge of its capital stock. And it shall be
the duty of the United States centennial com-
mission to supervise the closing up of the af-
fairs of said corporation, to audit its accounts,
and submit, in a report to the President of the
United States, the financial results of the cen-
tennial exhibition.
The eleventh section provides that the com-
mission created by the act referred to in the
preamble of this act is hereby made and con-
stituted a body-politic and corporate in law,
with power to do such acts and enter into such
obligations as may be promotive of the pur-
poses for which such commission was estab-
lished. Its title shall be the United States
centennial commission. It shall have a com-
mon and corporate seal, and -possess all the
rights incident to corporate existence.
The twelfth section provides that the alter-
nate commissioners appointed pursuant to sec-
tion four of the act approved March S, 1871,
referred to in the preamble to this act, shall
have all the powers of a commissioner when
the commissioner is not present at any meet-
ing. When the commissioner is present the
alternate may participate in the-debates and
serve on committees, but shall have no vote.
The appointment of all commissioners and
alternate commissioners made since March
3, 1872, is ratified and confirmed; and all
vacancies now existing, or which may here-
after exist, whether by death, resignation,
removal from the State or Territory, or other-
wise, shall be filled at any time hereafter in
like manner as is provided in said act of March.
3, 1871, for the appointment of commis-
sioners.
Ihe thirteenth and last section provides
that it shall be the duty of the United States
