1896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
Mr. PLATT. I do not object to that.
The SPEAKER. Beforejoint resolutions of
this character are ordered to be engrossed, the
Chair directs the'Clerk to change them into
bills in accordance with the general rule. This
will be made a bill, and it will be numbered
H. R. No. 2048.
Mr. PLATT. The committee recommend
the striking out of the words " with interest
at the rate of six per cent, from the 1st day
of January, 1861."
The amendment was agreed to.'
Mr. KERR. I should like to know what
reason there is for the passage of this bill.
Mr. PLATT. I ask the Clerk to read a
letter from the Navy Department, which fully
states all the facts.
Mr. KERR. I hope it will be read.
Mr. PLATT. And then, if necessary, I will
make a statement.
The Clerk read as follows:
Navy Department,
Bureau of Provisions axd Clothing,
Washington, February 2, 1871.
Sir: Your communication of the 30th ultimo, in
relation to the claim of Robert A. Mayo, has been
received.
Mr. Mayo's claim, amounting to $1,507 59, is the
reservation of ten per cent, retained by the bureau
as security for the fulfillment of his contract for
tobacco, which the bureau is prevented from paying
by the joint resolution of the 2d March, 1867.
In May. 1861, after the breaking out of the rebel-
lion, Mr. Mayo, at considerable danger and expense,
delivered a portion of this tobacco at the navy-yards
at Boston and New York.
The bureau deems it proper to state that Mr.
Mayo was for many years before the war, and has
been since, a large contiaclor for tobacco, and has
always delivered a most excellent article, and in
every respect complied with his obligations to the
Government to the entire satisfaction of tile bureau.
The bureau begs leave to say that it considers, in
justice arid eauitv. this claim should be allowed.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
EDWARD T. DUNN,-
t'klcj 'jj Bureau,
Hon. James Platt, jr., United States House of Rep-
resentative*, Washington, Difitrcctof Columbia.
The bilhvas then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PLATT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mrs. mahgak1st webber.
Mr. PLATT, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2049) granting a
pension to Mrs. Margaret Webber; which was
lead a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a. third time.
The billwasread. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place on the
pension-roll, subjcct to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
Margaret Webber, widow of John Webber,
late a gunner in the United States Navy, from,
and after the passage of this act.
Mr. BIRD. Where does this bill come
from?
The SPEAKER. From the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. PLATT. This is entirely a naval pen-
sion, and has received the unanimous approval
of the Committee on Naval Affairs. The bill
has also been submitted to the chairman of
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and has
his approbation as well as that of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BIRD. I think, Mr. Speaker, that this
is one of those claims which eight to go be-
fore the Committee on Invalid Pensions. It
strikes me, as a member of that committee,
that if we have control at all of the business
of examining claims for pensions, we should
have the control of this particular case.
Mr. PLATT. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from New Jersey [Mr. Bird] that the
reference of this bill to the Committee on
Naval Affairs is in accordance with the pre-
cedents and customs of this House. This
course has been taken almost utiiformly in this
House, in such matters. When the bill came
before the committee I looked up several such
cases which had been before them. I- might
refer more particularly to two cases within my
own recollection, of bills reported from the
Committee on Naval Affairs by the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Archer.]
Mr. BIRD. I should much prefer that this
bill should take the usual course and be
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
Mr. ARCHER. The uniform usage in this
House, I think, has been that claims for naval
pensions should be taken charge of by the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no dis-
position to interfere with the passage of this
bill, but he begs to say that it is his duty to
see, so far as he can influence it, that papers
shall be properly referred; and the Chair has
seen with regret a growing disposition in the
House to refer to other committees, m the
first place business which properly belongs to
the Committee of Claims, aftd in the next
place business which properly belongs to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions. He hopes,
however, that the point will not be made on
this particular bill. But there is no more
reason for the Naval Committee taking charge
of Naval pensions than there is for the Mili-
tary Committee taking charge of Army pen-
sions. The Committee on Invalid Pensions
is constituted for the express purpose of tak-
ing charge of claims for pensions, and the
business of the House will be best attended
to by each committee confining itself to the
matters which properly belong to it. The
Chair, at the. same time, expresses the hope
that the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr.
Bird] will, in this case, waive his motion of
reference to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, else it might be construed into a hos-
tility to this particular bill.
Mr. BIRD. In compliance with the sug-
gestion of the Chair, I withdraw my opposi-
tion to the passage of this bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PLATT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
x ii. underbill.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, from the same
committee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2050)
for the relief of J. H. Underbill; which was
read a first and second time. •
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It provides that there
be paid to J. H. Underhill, out of any money
ill the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
the sum of $23,310 75, in full payment and
discharge of the claim of said Underhill for
work done and material furnished in the con-
struction of the iron-clad vessel Keokuk.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In accordance
with the principle which a few moments ago
was stated by the Chair, I ask that this bill be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. STARKWEATHER.. I will state that
this matter has been carelally considered by
the Committee on Naval Affairs 
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I raise the point
of order that this bill makes an appropriation,
and should have its first consideration in Com-
mittee of the Whole,
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to make a statement before
he presses the point of order?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I have no objec-
tion to the gentleman making a statement.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Gardibld] proposes that the
bill shall be referred to the Committee of
Claims. I will state that the matter is one
which came legitimately before the Committee
on Naval Affairs last year, growing out of the
construction of the Keokuk. It came again
before us and was examined by the commit-
tee this year. Tbis particular claim had been
before the Committee of Claims before it was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
They were satisfied of the justice of the claim,
and of another claim very similar to it, and a
gentleman on the committee who had it in
charge suggested that it be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs for their investi-
gation, and it was so referred.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Allow me to
say that precisely that thing was done fre-
quently when I was chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs. The Committee of
Claims would have before them a matter re-
lating to contractors or sutlers in the Army,
and they would have it referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs for their investiga-
tion and report. When that was done it was
our custom to report it back to the House
with our statement or report, and then let it
go again to the Committee of Claims. Now,
'i so far as this claim relates to matters con-
nected with naval affairs, I can see the great
propriety of its going to the Committee on
Naval Affairs for examination and report; and
I also see the further propriety when they
have made their report, of the matter going to
the Committee of Claims, which committee has
general charge of claims. I believe, therefore,
my motion is in the line of safe precedents.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. This was a mat-
ter relating entirely to naval affairs, and we
had to go to the Navy Department for all the
information we desired upon the subject. This
whole claim relates legitimately to matters con-
nected with the Navy Department.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I made the
motion with no idea of opposition to the bill;
it may be perfectly just. But, it seemed to me
that as a matter of good order it should be
referred to the Committee of Claims. A great
many claims go to the Committee on Appro-
priations because they involve appropriations
of money. But we invariably send them to
the Committee of Claims, or some other com-
mittee. I therefore insist upon my motion to
refer this bill to the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. The immediate matter
pending is the point of order made by the gen-
tleman from Michigan, [Mr. Blair,] that this
bill makes an appropriation, and therefore,
under the rule, it must receive its first con-
sideration in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I claim of course
that this matter has been fairly investigated
before the proper committee. We have ex-
amined this claim and believe that the claim-
ant is as much entitled to be paid this amount
as any member of the House is to go to the
Sergeant-at Arms and draw his last month's
pay. This claimant was instructed to go for-
ward and do certain work for a certain sum of
money. He has been kept out of that money
for ten years, and this bill is to correct that
great injustice.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I insist upon my
point of order.
The SPEAKER. The point of order being
made, the bill will be referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole, and placed upon the Private
Calendar.
samuel b. elliot.
Mr. SUTHERLAND, from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2051) for the relief of Samuel B. Elliot, late
acting purser of the United States ship Flirt;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to allow to
Samuel B. Elliot, late acting purser of the
United States ship Flirt, in the settlement of
