2792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
of the earth in pursuit of gain and for the
purpose only of indefinite domicile. He must
do something more than that. He mast indi-
cate his own voluntary purpose to sever his
allegiance and to end it in accordance with the
law of the nationality to which he goes. It is
too late, sir, to consider this an open question
in America. By all your legislation from the
organization of your Government to this hour
the legislative construction of the American
people is that a citizen or subject of any for-
eign Power, however long lie may be domiciled
in this country, does not become a citizen of
the United States or surrender his allegiance
to the foreign Government of his birth unless
he does in accordance with our local law de-
clare his intention to sever that foreign alle-
giance, or in accordance therewith take an oath
of allegiance to our Constitution and to our
Government, and renounce allegiance toevery
foreign Government.
That is the traditional policy of your coun-
try. I deny the right of any foreign Govern-
ment, to say to uie as a Representative of the
American people, because one of my fellow-
citizens may have been domiciled, voluntarily,
if you please, in accordance with their local
laws, for fifteen or twenty years within their
jurisdiction, that without any intention on his
part, to renounce his allegiance he forfeits his
high privilege of an American citizen and sub-
jects himself to the violation of his rights as
guarantied by a most solemn treaty between
that country and this.
Mr. Speaker, allow nie to say further in this
connection that evidence has been transmitted
to tiiis House by the State Department; that
by the laws of Spain this allegiance of your
natural born citizen could not be transferred
from America to Spain without the formal
declaration according to the Spanish law vol-
untarily made by the American citizen. There
is not a tittle of evidence that Dr. HouaTd ever
made any such declaration.
I have another word to add to this. By the
laws of Spain it is provided that any foreign
citizen domiciled within the jurisdiction of
Spain who desires to assert his continued citi-
zenship in the country of his nativity from
which he has conic, or the country of his
adoption from which he may have come, is
authorized by the law of Spam to declare that
intention, and make it matter of record before
a consular agent of his own native or his own
adopted country. It, is notified to this House
by your State Department, that Houard, in the
year 180!), and again in 1870, in pursuance of
this provision of the Spanish law, did, before
the American consul in the island of Cuba,
dccmiv. his continued American citizenship.
J hat is enough lor me on that subject—to de-
clare it, as a mere matter of judgment, upon the
record that Dr. llouarci is a citizen of the
United States. Prima facie he is still an
American citizen. As we understand our own
legislation, known of all the world, an Amer-
ican citizen is forever an American citizen
until, by his own solemn act in accordance
lhe la;v some foreign sovereignty, lie
renounces that allegiance.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman now
allow me to ask bim a Question ^
Mr. BINGtHAM. Yes, sir.
trJUtv artiole seven of the
treaty to which the gentleman alluded, there
is a stipulation that an American citizen shall
be tried m accordance with law. I want to
trentWvWliel tbat SeCt'0n of t
treaty, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] thinks that trial by a military court-
martial was m accordance with the spirit or
letter of that provision?
Mr; BINGHAM. In reply to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania I will Say that I have
not undertaken to decide that question. I am
not in a condition to decide it. and it is not
bnfslT t0 .f!ecide ;t in ,he absence of
some further evidence on the subject. My
impression is that the trial may not have been
in accordance with the treaty. But I answer
the gentleman further that he must remember
that this treaty does not interfere with the
local sovereignty of a nation and its right to
prescribe generally in what manner offenses
against its laws shall be tried. By your own
law, by the provisions of the act of 1806, not-
withstanding the treaty with Spain, a subject
of Spain guilty of a crime within the jurisdic-
tion of the United States liable under the act
of 1806 by court-martial would be as liable to
such trial by a court martial in the case pro-
vided for as any citizen of the United States.
It is not worth while to raise that question
here and now. We remand this question by
the resolution t,o the executive department,
where it belongs under the provisions of the
Constitution ot the United States, charging
that Department to take care that the laws be
faithfully executed at home and abroad, on
the land and on the sea, in vindication of the
rights of the citizen and the honor of the
nation. Let the Department inquire, and if
it should turn out as the result ot that inquiry
that Dr. Houard has not been tried according
to law usual m like cases as my amendment
proposes, then it follows that trial was in vio-
lation of the treaty. If it shall turn out on
inquiry on the other hand that he has been
tried in the mode required by law in like cases
by the usual tribunal for the trial of Spanish
subjects in such cases, then that act of trial
was not a violation of the treaty.
But, sir, there are other provisions of the
treaty. If Dr. Houard has been denied coun-
sel, if he has been denied the right to exaui-
. me witnesses, it is just as clearly a violation
1 of the treaty as it would be to try him before
a, tribunal unknown to the laws of Spain in
like cases, and in violation of other provisions
of the treaty.
That is where I stand. This is a very
delicate matter. The House is simply ex-
pressing its opinion. I should be glad to see a
united vote in the House declaring that we ex-
pect the executive department of the Gov-
ernment to see to it in behalf of the humblest
citizen of America that every treaty stipulation
lor his security and protection shall be ob-
served, religiously and faithfully observed, by
Spam, or any other foreign Power, to the end
that in the future, as in the past, an American
citizen may with some assurance be advised
that m whatever land he wanders it will be a
security and protection to him to say to every
one who lays a violent hand upon him, or un-
lawfully restrains him in the full exercise of
his liberty," J am an American citizen.'' That
is the spirit of the amendment which I have
proposed: that the citizen's rights may be pro-
tected, subject to the treaty obligations of
the nation. I know that if the resolution
passes the House as I propose to amend it
no hurt or detriment to the Republic can
ensue, while its passage may allay all the appre-
hensions and satisfy all citizens of the Repub-
lic on the question whether their Govern-
ment will, under any pretense whatever, for
sake them or disregard their rights so long as
they bear themselves as become American
citizens, being obedient to the laws of the
United States and of that sovereignty as well
be found f°1' ^ time bei"g they ma^
I am not here to intimate that any Ameri-
can citizen abroad, either by virtue of the
treaty of 1795 or of other treses may br^g
disgrace and dishonor on his country, or en
danger the peace of this people by claiming
immunity from crime on account of his citi-
tedsVnt'p MS1St that if a citizen of the Uni"
ted States commits an offense against the laws
and within the jurisdiction of Spain, and has
been tried and condemned in accordance with
the provisions of the treaty, that the treatv on
our part with Spain should be respect 7
treatv°to iLCrit?ry' a"y Provi< on of this
treaty, to the least considerable substantive
extent, has been disregarded by Spain in this
proceeding. I desire that tile executive de-
partment shall be notified by the united voice
of the people's representatives that in their
judgment, it is the duty of the executive de-
partment, in that event, upon ascerta-ning the
facts to be true upon due investigation, to
demand in the name of the American people
the unconditional release from imprisonment
of an American citizen deprived of his liberty
in violation of the solemn treaty obligations
of Spam, and in violation of his right as an
American citizen. That is all I propose to
accomplish by my amendment.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 now yield eight min-
utes of my tune to the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. \toorhees.]
Mr. VOORHEES. I have examined the
question of our relations with Spain, and
especially with reference to Cuba. I always
listen with pleasure to the rich-sounding words
that fall from the lips of the eloquent gentle
man from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.] But words
are one thing and acts are another. There are
certain plain questions that present themselves
in connection with this subject, that cannot be
ignored. Members here cannot disguise from
tiiemselves the fact that a man whom the gen-
tleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Bixgham] acknowl-
edges to be an American citizen was arrested
in Cuba sixteen months ago and thrown into
a Spanish prison ; that ho lay there thirteen
months before he was accorded even the mis-
erable trial which he at last obta.ned. Dur-
ing those thirteen months he cried out all the
time that he was an American citizen. N"ow,
whether he was or not, his appeal entitled him
to a response from this Government; it would
entitle him to a response from any Govern-
ment in the world of which he claimed to be
a citizen.
And I desire to say in this connection that
in my deliberate judgment the most contempti-
ble, pusillanimous, and cowardly foreign policy
of' any first-class Power on this earth is that
which characterizes this nation. I mean pre
cisely what I say, and ther*1 is no gentleman
here who can successfully challenge my state-
ment. One of the oldest and ablest and most
eloquent members ot this House has announced
that there is no doubt ir. regard to the Ameri-
can citizenship of Dr. Houard. Yet he lay
thirteen months in a foreign prison, claiming
his rights as an American citizen, and claim-
ing them in vain. At last he was tried; and
three months ago he was started on his dismal
voyage tmder the equator to a peuai colony
of Spain oil the coast of Africa.
I am told indeed I have read it in the Phila-
efphia papers—that Dr. Houard comes of an
o d, an influential family; that he is himself
advanced in years ; a man of refinement, cul-
ture, and intelligence. Yet such a man as
this, within hailing distance of American soil,
was allowed to appeal piteously for thirteen
months to the American authorities in vain,
even for a trial. At last he obtained atrial.
regret extremely that, the gentleman from
. V?' [-*''• otNGHAii,] of whom I always speak
m undness, has seen fit to slur over and evade
tile question whether atrial bv a Spanish court-
martial is such a trial as an American citizen
is entitled to when he falls into difficulty and
rouble abroad. A court-martial on this soil
is bad enough ; but a court-martial bv Spanish
u on y, conducted in the spirit of fhe six-
;n6?l • centurJ;,s simply horrible and atrocious
1STi?e wor'd and upon an Amer-
*,. ,e gentleman says that he passes that
question by as one he is not, able to determine ;
the question whether such a trial as that is fit
lor an American citizen on foreien soil. I
disll"0 SU,°h d,'fficuIty< "one at ^ It is a
12 and an outrage, and it is a poor and
„ u 6 sr).ectac'e for us to sit here debating
such a question.
J* ?-,n'y.part.0/ ?he report of the Commit-
■ 0rei£n Affairs that I adhere to is that
rp , instructs the Executive to demard the
restoration of this man to his liberty, and the
