1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1897
his accounts, the amount properly payable to
a purser of a ship of-war for his services as
acting purser as aforesaid, during the period
he acted as purser, deducting therefrom the
amount paid him for the same period as mid-
shipman in the Navy.
Mr. COX. fs there any report in this case?
Mr. SUTHERLAND. There is no written
report, but I can briefly state the facts which
came before the Committee on Naval Affairs.
From 1842 to 1844 a law was in force which
provided that whenever an officer of lower
rank was called upon to perform services of
an officer of higer rank, he should receive pay
according to the rank in which he should serve.
This service was rendered by Mr. Elliot during
that period, but before his claim was presented
and allowed the law was repealed, and the
accounting officers not acquiescing in the claim
it was not paid. The Committee on Naval
Affairs upon examination were satisfied that
the case was covered by that law, and this bill
is recommended as coming fairly within that
law.
Mr. KERR. How much will this bill give
him?
Mr. SUTHERLAND. From four to six
hundred dollars; the precise amount is not
determined.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
the gentleman a question, and then to call the
attention of the House for a moment to the
principle involved in this bill; and I particu-
larly ask the attention of the Committee on
Military A (Fairs. Up to this time that com-
mittee have resisted all efforts to give an officer
pay for the grade of command he held, but
have always confined the pay to the actual
rank as shown by his commission.
Now, as every gentleman who served in the
Army will remember, there were many cases
where a captain was in command of a regi-
ment, because the major, the lieutenant col-
onel, and the colonel were wounded. There
were many instances of colonels in command
of brigades, and of brigadier generals in com-
mand of divisions, and even of corps. If we
now support the principle that the officer is to
be paid for the grade of command he held, we
ought, as a matter of equity, to go back over
the entire roster of the late volunteer army
and provide to pay officers according to the
command they held for a week, a month, or a
year. Hitherto Congress has never, so far as
I know, in a single instance paid an officer for
the rank of his command, but have always
made his pay follow his commission—the rank
he actually held. Of course, it entails some
more labor on a man to command a regiment
than a company, or to command a brigade than
a regiment, but there was not a colonel in the
Army who was not delighted to have the honor
of commanding a brigade without extra pay.
Why, sir, I suppose there are forty men in
this House who could make a claim for addi-
tional services if this principle is adopted. I
suppose there is not a man who served as
colonel who did not at some time command a
brigade.
Now. it seems to me that if we adopt the
principle of this bill we ought to apply it to the
entire military and naval service, and 1 trust
the gentleman who has charge of this bill will
consider the danger of making this cass a
precedent. The only allegation I know of in
tliis case is that this officer served in a com-
mand which would properly have belonged to
an officer of higher rank. So much the better
for him; so much (he finer opportunity for
him to show his qualities and serve the coun-
try and gain honor to himself; and hi.herto
the honor of such assignments has been eagerly
sought for and has been all the compensation
that the officer has received,
I hope, therefore, that this bill will not pass,
although 1 know nothing of the merits of the
individual case, but, I only say to the House
that officers who have been assigned to com-
mand in both the Army and the Navy under
similar circumstances have never had ad-
vanced pay in consequence.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I entirely concur
in the.views expressed by the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations, and in rec-
ommending the passage of this bill I think
the Committee on Naval Affairs in no way
asked the House to set a precedent in oppo-
sition to those views. This bill is not recom-
mended for the purpose of establishing other
than a legal claim. As the committee under-
stand the law that was in force at the time
the services were performed, the party that
performed them is legally entitled to what this
bill proposes to give him. I beg the indul-
gence of the House that I may read the law
that was in force at that time. It is a law
passed in 1842, and is as follows:
"Srcc. 12. And be it further enacted. That whenever
an officer shall perform the duty of a higher grade
by order of the Secretary of the Navy, or the com-
mander of a fleet or squadron, or ship acting singly
on foreign service, such officer shall be entitled to
receive the pay of such higher grade during the
time he performs the duty in that, grade, and no
longer; and no allowance shall be made for per-
forming such service he'reafter, unless so ordered."
That was the law in force at the time this
service was rendered. Mr Elliott was a mid-
shipman in the Navy, and he was called upon
to act as purser on the ship Flirt, which wag
serving on a trip to Texas, then a foreign coun-
try, it being before the annexation. He was
within the letter of the law in every particu-
lar, and the committee have concluded that
he had a legal claim, and hence have recom-
mended the passage of this bill. It it were
not a legal claim 1 should be opposed to the
passage of the bill for the reason so forcibly
set forth by the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If it is a legal
claim, and arises strictly within the letter of
the law, I desire to ask the gentleman why this
man's accounts cannot be settled at the De-
partment, and why it needs a new law?
Mr. SUTHERLAND. He has been unable
to obtain payment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then, of course,
there is no law for it.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. The actwas repealed
in 1844; and this claim has not been recognized
by the Department.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then the claim-
ant is left within the general scope of the laws
as they now stand.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. The service, how-
ever, was performed while this law was in force.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not ask
the House to defeat this bill; but I ask the
gentleman to allow it to be recommitted that
the committee may again consider it in view
of these new facts and circumstances.
Mr. WHITTIIORNE. if the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] will listen to me a
moment, I think 1 can convince him of the
propriety of the ground on which the commit-
tee put this claim, and on which they base
their favorable opinion of it.
Under the act of 1842, officers temporarily
performing the duties of those of a higher grade
were to receive, while actually so employed, the
compensation of those of such higher grade.
Under that law, Mr. Elliot, being then a mid-
shipman, was assigned to duty as purser upon
the ship Flirt. Subsequently, in 1844, the law
of 1842 was repealed. Mr. Elliot presented
his claim for compensation under the act of
1842. In the first place, the objection was
made that the ship Flirt was not upon detached
service. That objection was removed by ref-
erence to the orders under which the vessel
was operated. Then the objection was made
(and this is the only objection upon which pay-
ment of the claim was refused at the Depart-
ment) that Mr. Elliot was not a commissioned
officer. Upon thatgroand he has been turned
away from the Department. In the opinion
of the committee, whether he was an officer
by warrant or an officer by commission, he
was entitled to compensation under the act
of 1842, having performed the service under
that law.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. From the state-
ment which the gentleman now makes it ap-
pears that the officer of the Government
whose duty it was to construe the law of 1842,
ha's so construed it that this man cannot get
his pay. Now, after thirty years have elapse^,
he comes to us and asks us to overturn the
construction which the law officers of the Gov-
ernment have adopted during that time. Of
course, if we overturn it in this case we must
overturn it in every similar case that may
arise. Now, it occurs to me that for us to
make such a construction would be even mora
dangerous than to pass an isolated act, giving
a special gift to a single person; for we, in
effect, 6verturn the settled construction of the
Department for thirty years. This to me is an
additional reason why the bill ought hot to pass.
Mr. WHITTHORNE. Mr. Speaker, in my
judgment no length of time can ever give
sanction to an error or a wrong; and it ill
becomes the United States Government, when
it justly owes a debt, to plead that the perpe-
tration of a wrong has been sanctioned by years
of usage. This amount of money is due under
the law ; and I may be allowed to say that, so
far as appeared to the committee, this is the
only case likely to be presented under the act
of 1842. Every other officer who performed
service under that act has been paid ; this offi-
cer alone has been refused payment, upon the
technical objections I have stated. I submit
that the bill ought to be passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
bill be laid on the table.
On agreeing to the motion, there were—
ayes 47, noes 52; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Sutherland.
and Mr. Garfield of Ohio were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes tiO, noes 65.
So the motion to lay the bill on the table
was not agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the bill be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, as it involves the construction of
a law.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I object to that ref-
erence.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. It seems to me
altogether unusual to propose the reference of
a bill of this character to the Committee on
the Judiciary. That committee has nothing
to do with the matter.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. The bill
involves the construction of a law. .
On the motion of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio?
there were—ayes 50, noes 50 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfield,
of Ohio, and Mr. Sutherland were appointed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the House
will'allow me, 1 will change my motion so as
to provide for a reference of the bill to the
Committee on Naval Affairs. I do not wish
to antagonize the two committees.
Mr. COGHLAN. I object.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 63, noes 58.
So the bill was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
chief engineer john w. moore.
Mr. SUTHERLAND, from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, also reported a bill (H. R.
No. 2052) to authorize the advancement of
Chief Engineer John W. Moore on the list
of chief engineers in the Navy; which was
read a first and second time.
The preamble to the bill recites that on the
memorable occasion when the Federal fleet
