1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3689
centennial commission to make report, from
time to time, to the President of the United
States, of the progress of the work, and in a
final report present a full exhibit of the result
of the United States centennial celebration
and exhibition of 187G.
Mr. L. MYERS. As the bill is pretty gen-
erally understood, I hope it will pass now,
with the privilege of allowing names to be
altered hereafter.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By unani-
mous consent that order can be made, although
no corrections of names in the bill can be
made after its engrossment.
Mr. SLOCUM. I object. I want to cor-
rect some of the names.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. A bill has passed the House
and is now in the Senate, to increase the repre-
sentation of certain States, but has not yet
been acted on in the Senate. I wish to ask
that it may be understood by general consent
that additional names may be added from
those States which will be entitled to additional
representation under the House bill.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
Mr. SLOCUM. Do I nnderstand that we
have each a right to go up to the Clerk's desk
and strike out any name that we think proper
and put in another? Is that the order of
exercises?
The SPEAKER, jwoierapore. By no means ;
but gentlemeu can correct clerical errors in
the bill.
Mr. SLOCUM. Then I move an amend-
ment by striking out the names of "Roswell
JB. Hatch, David S. Paige," from the fourth
district of New York, and inserting "Robert
McCoy, George Ricard." These gentlemen
reside in the fourth district, and the other two
happen to be New Yorkers, both of them.
The fourth district forms no part of New
York city.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. L. MYERS. Let me state that the
bill, when first reported, was ordered to be
printed. After that, on consultation with
several members and delegations, aud on their
consultation with Senators, the names chosen,
in many instances, were changed from those
in the original bill. The blanks also have
been filled up and the names changed to suit
the State delegation in nearly every instance.
Therefore members cannot safely rely upon
the printed bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
thinks it would expedite matters to read the
names.
Mr. BANKS. It would occupy a long time
to read five hundred names and make the cor-
rections, and I trust my colleague on the com-
mittee will withdraw the bill until members
can consult the copy of it at the Clerk's table,
when each member can put in such names as
he chooses from his own district.
Mr. L. MYERS. I will agree to that sug-
gestion, provided the bill can be taken up later
in the evening.
There being no objection, the bill was laid
aside.
NAME OP A SCHOONER.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, by
■unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 1062) to
change the name of the schooner La Pette to
La Petite was taken from the Speaker's table,
received its several readings, and was. passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed j
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
J. BOSS BROWNE.
On motion of Mr. BANKS, the Committee
on the Private Calendar was discharged from
the further consideration of the bill (S. No,
373) for the relief of J. Ross Browne, late
minister to Cliiua.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to J. Ross Browne, late
minister of the United States in China, the
sum of $3,774 11, in full compensation for the
period from the 11th day of April to the 4th
day of August, both inclusive, 1868, at the
rate of his salary while waiting for orders and
in transit to China; and the further sum of
$2,134, in full compensation for certain extra
expenses incurred by him while discharging
his duties as minister.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman allow
nie to inquire why the State Department did
not pay the bill, if it was right?
Mr. BANKS. I present a report which
states the reasons. •
The report was read, and is as follows:
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 3T8J for the relief of J. Ross
Browne, late minister of the United States to China,
have had the same under consideration, and beg
leave to report:
The Senate bill, referred to the committer, pro-
vides for the appropriation of 65,908 11, in full satis-
faction of the claims of Mr. J. Ross Browne, late
minister of the United States to China, for compen-
sation for salary and certain extra expenses neces-
sarily incurred by him in the discharge of his duties
as minister. The items of appropriation are thus
specified:
The sum of $1,775 30 is allowed upon the recom-
mendation of the Department of State, for compen-
sation at the rate of his salary, for the period from
April 11,18t>8, to June 3,1868, both inclusive.
The sum of $1,940 is allowed, upon the recommend-
ation of the .Department ol State, for ofiice rent
and ofiice oxpenses, and expenses incurred in visit-
ing treaty ports, upon the following account:
Office rent, nine months, at fifty dollars per
month  $150
Clerk hire for same period, at $1U0 per month... 900
Gate keeper for same period, five dollars per
month  45
Keeping express horse for same period, live
dollars per month  45
Expenses incurred in visiting treaty ports  500
• Total .$1.940
The Department of State, as it appears by a com-
munication to the Committee on Foreign Relations
of the Senate, of April 23, 1870, had diroetod that an
allowance should be made, under existing laws, for
transit expenses at the rate of his salary, from June
4,1868. to August 4, 186S, both inclusive, amounting
to SI,1)98 81. The Comptroller of the Treasury thought
that the existing laws did not authorize the pay-
ment of that charge, although ho expressed tho
opinion that it would be an eauitable allowance.
This bill authorizes the allowance of this item in
accordance with the recommendation of the Secre-
retary of State.
In addition to these three items, ten per cent, is
allowed for the difference in exchange,(#194.)making
the total sum reported by this bill, $5,908 11.
The committee therefore recommend the passage
of the bill.
Mr. BANKS. In answer to the inquiry of
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
I will state that the first items are uot exactly
in the regular course of the expenditures by the
State Department from the contingent fund.
But all the expenses of Mr. Browne were on
account of the extraordinary circumstances
existing at the time they were incurred, and
they were approved by the State Department.
The third item, which is about two thousand
dollars, was directed by the Secretary of State
to be paid; but the Comptroller had a doubt
whether it came actually within the terms of
the law, although he conceded, as it is stated
in the report, that it was a perfectly just and
equitable claim. Aud in order to remove his
doubt in this regard the Secretary of State has
recommended that this bill be passed. There
can be no doubt about the propriety of these
charges, and I hope there will be no objection
to the passage of the bill. I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and "being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES D18 LONG.
Mr. L. MYERS. I now renew my request
that the Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar be discharged from the further con-
sideration of House bill No. 2822 for the relief
of James De Long, late United States consul
at Aux Cayes, Hayti, and that the same be
now considered in the House.
No objection was made ; and the Committee
of the Whole was accordingly discharged from
the further consideration of the bill.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, as it was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to James De Long,
late consul at Aux Cayes, Hayti, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of $2,816; $1,166 of the
sum so appropriated being for money advanced
and expended by the said James De Long,
consul as aforesaid, for the relief of destitute
colored emigrants, colonized under authority
of the acts of April 16 and July 17, 1862, and
$1,650 of the said amount being for extra-
ordinary expenses incurred by him at the siege
of Aux Cayes, Hayti, during'his consulship
at said place.
Mr. HOLMAN. If there is a report in this
case I ask that it, be read.
Mr. L. MYERS. The report is rather a
long one.
Mr. BANKS. Let it be read.
Mr. L. MYERS. I have no objection.
The Clerk read the report, as follows :
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, to whom was
referred the petition of James De Long, late United
States consul at Aux Cayes, Hayti, respectfully re-
port:
That the said James De Long wa,s appointed consul
at Aux Cayes, Hayti, in the fall of 1862, at a salary
of $1,500 per annum and ten per cent, upon said
amount for office rent, and continued as such consul
until February 4,1870, the salary of said consulate,
however, having been reduced on December 2,1865,
with that of other consulates, to $500 per annum.
Mr. De Long asks from Congress an appropriation
of 31,106, with interest, being the sum expended by
him between June, 1863, and March 1,1864, for colon-
ists of freedmen at Aux Cayes, who, it is alleged,
were sent out under authority of the acts of Congress
of April 16 and July 17, 186-!, and being in great
destitution were relieved by said De Long. He also
asks that a salary shall be awarded bim during the
whole time of his service as consul at said port at
the rate of compensation allowed for said office at
the time of his appointment.
The first of these claims was presented to the
Department of State and examined by the Bureau
of Claims of that Department. The examiner reports
that Mr. De Long shows an expenditure of $1,160,
gold, for provisions, clothing, lodging, and medical
attendance supplied in 1863 and 1864 to destitute col-
ored emigrants from the United States and seamen.
By the eleventh section of the act of April 36,1862,
(12 Statutes, 378,) the sum of SI00,000 was appropri-
ated, to be expended under the direction of the
President, to aid in the colonization and settlement
of free persons of African descent, resident in the
District of Columbia, including those to be freed by
said act. who might desire to emigrate to the Repub-
lics of Hayti or Liberia, or other countries. The act
of July 17, 1862, (12 Statutes, 592,) authorized the
President "to make provision lor the transporta-
tion, colonization, and settlement, in some tropical
country beyond the limits of the United States, of
such persons of the African race as may be willing
to emigrate, having first obtained the consent of the
Government of said country to their protection and
settlement within the same, together with all tho
rights and privileges of freemen." Five hundred
thousand dollars had been appropriated for this
purpose by the act of July 16,1862.
The State Department replied that, even upon
proof that the colonists, aided by Mr. De Long,
were sent out under, and their relief should be
deemed an expenditure authorized by, the acts of
Congress referred to, there is no fund remaining
from which to pay the sum claimed, and that appli-
cation must be made to Congress. It appears that
only 838,329 83 of the sums thus appropriated were
expended, the balance being covered into the
Treasury.
Your committee have no hesitation in recom-
mending the appropriation. Some of the people
thus relieved were the survivors of a colony taken
toAux Cayes from the United States by James Red-
path, others of them were part of a colony of man-
umitted slaves from near Fortress Monroe and Nor-
folk, taken to Isle a Vash, near Aux Cayes, by Ber-
nard Koch, and beyond a question in pursuance
of the acts above cited. True, the'moneys advanced
by Mr. De Long were not strictly for their coloniza-
tion or settlement. It was rather to prevent their
starvation and afford them the protection ana
rights which the Haytian authorities, in violation
of their stipulations, had denied them; forallwiucn
