1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
I am tired of seeing the poor man made a pack-
horse to carry corrupt schemes through this
House.
1 am sure an investigation will show that the
laboring classes of the country are opposed to
many of the laws which have been passed here,
conferring enormous privileges on national
banking associations and many other large
corporations in this country. I demand this
investigation, and I want to see it thorough and
complete. We cannot afford to and we dare
not f-hirk this question.
Mr. HOAR. I would inquire how much
more time is left of the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. None; the morning hour
has expired.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts intend to call the previous ques-
tion now? I hope not. I would like to take
a little turn at the K11 myself.
Mr. KILLINGER. Will thegentleman from
Massachusetts allow me to offer two amend-
ments to the bill?
Mr. HOAR. Not at this time. Idesirethe
unanimous consent of the House that the bill
may be reprinted.
Mr. KILLINGER. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer my amendments.'
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts had absolute control of the floor for
sixty minutes, of which toil minutes are left.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to inquire of the Chair
if the remaining ten minutes of my hour must
be used up now or to-morrow morning under
the rules of the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair apprehended
that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] who has charge of the apportionment
bill would at the expiration of the morning
hour move to go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. F ARNSWORTH. I desire to make
that motion now.
Mr. HOAR. I desire simply for the con-
venience of the House to ask that the bill
may be printed, so that members may have
copies of it, and that the amendments which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kil-
linger] will offer to-morrow may also be
printed.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
it will be so ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to make an
objection to that, if no debate is to be allowed
further than the ten minutes which the gentle-
man from Massachusetts has at his disposal.
Mr. KILLINGER. The amendments I de-
sire to offer are as follows:
After the word "persons," in lino five, insert the
words "at least one of whom shall bo particularly
identified with the mining interestsof the country.7'
In line five strike out "two years," and insert in
lieu thereof " one year."
I ask that those amendments be printed with
the bill.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I hope the first
amendment will not be adopted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Elwridge] objects to the bill being
printed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No; I did not make the
Objection in that form, if you please.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
make a conditional objection ^ he must object
or not object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Tf the Speaker will in-
dulge me in a word, I think lean make myself
understood. I do not make an objection to
having the bill printed merely, but my objec-
tion is, when unanimous consent is asked, to
the limitation of debate. Let there be some
proposition that shali be fair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not advised
what is the purpose of the gentleman from
Massachusetts who has charge of the bill.
Mr. HOAR. It is my purpose, so far as my
purpose is of any consequence to anybody, it
is my desire, that there shall be such debate as
the House wishes, aud I will not call the pre-
vious question for one hour after my own hour
has expired.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to notify
the gentleman that even if the apportionment
bill shall be disposed of to-day the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs has given
notice that to-morow he will ask the House to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the bills reported by that com-
mittee in regard to the recent treaty with Great
Britain.
Mr. HOAR. Then 1 will take the sense of
the House to-morrow as to what it desires.
The SPEAKER. This bill will hold its place
in the morning hour until disposed of. If there
be no objection, the bill will be ordered to be
reprinted with the amendments indicated by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. BANKS. I shall ask my colleague to
accept an amendment to insert after the word
" persons," in line five, the words " from civil
life so that it will read:
That there shall be appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, a
commission of three persons from civil life, who
shall hold office for the period of two years from the
date of their appointment, unless their duties shall
have been sooner accomplished, &a.
Mr. COX. Can I offer a substitute for the
bill?
The SPEAKER. Not unless the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania yields for that pur-
pose.
Mr. COX. I am sure this side of the House
is entitled to some courtesy, and I hope the
gentleman will give us an opportunity to offer
amendments.
Mr. KING. We want a little time over
here.
Mr. COX. I appeal to the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] to permit me to
offer a substitute for his bill.
Mr. HOAR. I understand that this bill
goes over to the morning hour of to-morrow,
on the motion of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnsworth] that the House now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
apportionment bill.
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will withdraw my
motion for a moment to allow the gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr, Halsey] to report a
bill from the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
public building in chicago.
Mr. HALSEY, from the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, by unanimous
consent, reported back House btll No. 459,
for the construction of a public building at
Chicago, Illinois.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 wish to inquire of the
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Halsex] if
this bill is accompanied by any report as to the
probable cost of the land that it is proposed
to occupy by this building?
Mr. HALSEY. I report the bill at this
time merely for the purpose of having it re
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations for
their examination, which motion I now make.
The motion was agreed to.
public building IN st. louis.
Mr. WELLS, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, by unanimous con-
sent, reported a bill (H. R. No. 619) appro-
priating money for the purchase of a suitable
site and erecting a building thereon in the city
of St. Louis, Missouri, to be used for the pur-
poses of a custom-house, post office, and other
Federal offices; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
order 01? business.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now renew the
motion that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the apportionment
bill. Pending that motion, I move that all
general debate on the apportionment bill be
limited to thirty minutes after its consider-
ation shall have been again resumed.
Mr. KERR. 1 hope not..
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Let us have a little
longer time than that
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Farnsworth ; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will move that all
general debate be limited to one hour.
Mr. KERR. Why not let it run for to-day?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I must insist upon
some limit to the general debate. The five-
minutes debate will run after the general debate
has terminated.
Mr. POTTER. This side of the House have
not had any time at all to discuss this measure.
The question then recurred upon the motion
of Mr. Farnsworth, to limit general debate
to one hour; and it was agreed to, upon a
division—ayes 82, noes 73.
The question recurred upon the motion to
go into Committee of the Whole; and being
taken, it was agreed to.
apportionment bill.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Buffinton in the chair,) aud
resumed the consideration of House bill No.
243, for the apportionment of Representatives
to Congress among the several States accord-
ing to the ninth census.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all general debate on this bill is limited to one
hour. The pending question is on the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Marshall] to the amendment of the
gentleman's colleague, [Mr. Farnsworth,]
which the Clerk will report.
The Clerk read as follows:
After the words "at large," in line twelve, section
two, Mr. Earxsworth's amendment, insert: "And
in all elections of Representatives aforesaid each
qualified voter may cast as many votes for one can-
didate as there are Representatives to be elected by
the State at large, oi may distribute the same, or
equal parts thereof, among the ea-ndidafes, as he
shall see fit, and the candidate receiving the great-
est number of votes shall be declared elected."
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. KERR. In what I shall have to say on
the pending bill I desire the leave of the com-
mittee not to address myself to the particular
amendment of my friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Marshall,] but to speak more generally to
two or three important points involved in the
bill itself. But in passing, it is due to myself
to say that I heartily approve the principle
involved in that amendment—-the principle of
minority representation by the process of
cumulative voting. It is demanded by the true
spirit of our institutions and by the most
obvious considerations of justice.
First, then, I desire to express my opinion
with proper modesty and as briefly as I can as
to the proper construction of the second sec-
tion of the fourteenth article of amendment to
the Constitution of the United States. I fear
that on that subject, this House is in danger of
falling into a dangerous and erroneous inter-
pretation of the true intent and meaning of
that section. The language of it is peculiar:
" Representatives shall be apportioned among the
several States according to their respective num-
bers. counting the whole cumber of persons in each
State, excluding Indians not taxed. But when the
right to vote at any election for the choice of electors
for President and V"ice President of the United States,
Representatives in Congress, the executive and
judicial officers of a State, or the members of the
Legislature thereof, is denied to any of the male
inhabitants of such State, being twenty-one years
of age, and citizens of the United States, or in any
way abridged, except for participation in rebellion
or other crime, the basis of representation therein
shall be reduced in the proportion which the number
of such male citizens shallbearto the whole number
of male citizens twenty-one years of ago in such
State."
If the words "or in any way abridged"
could be eliminated from the section its mean-
