1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2793
return of his property to him as it was before
violent hands were laid upon him and his.
That is the part which the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] desires to have stricken
out of this resolution.
Mr. BIN GHAM. I do not desire to strike
out any part of it.
Mr. VOORHEES. The gentleman desires
to amend so as to qualify and weaken it.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will ex-
cuse me if I sav 
_ Mr. VOORHEES. Pardon me; I have but
eight minutes.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, I will only say that
I do not propose to strike out any part of it.
Mr. VOORHEES. Well, the gentleman
desires to weaken it. So far as I am con-
cerned, on the contrary, and I speak it with
the utmost respect for everybody that hears
me here, we must take higher ground on this
question. Dr. Houard is only one ot forty
persons, as I demonstrated on this floor not
long ago, who have been imprisoned by the
Spanish authorities in Cuba; some of them
women, who are now languishing in Spanish
prisons, and claiming the protection of the
American Government aud of American laws.
Eight American citizens have been shot
to death on Cuban soil without trial—one
of them a boy bora in the town of Aurora
in my own State, who was arrested at sun-
down on one day and shot to death the next
morning, although he appealed for protection
to the American flag and the American author-
ities, saying that he had come upon a peaceful
mission, with no hostile design, and had not
lifted his hand against the Spanish authority.
All this is official : all this is contained in
the records of this Government. Every word
of it has been laid upon the desk of every
member here. Yet we spend a whole day dis-
cussing whether we .shall instruct the Execu-
tive ot this Government to interpose for the
protection of a man whose voice has died away
upon the sea winds, appealing to us to protect
him as an American citizen.
What was his offense ? Suppose even that
he was a Spaniard; what was his offense? I
made a point some time ago in this House that
Spain is making war of such a character upon
her own citizens that the civilized nations of
the earth ought to interpose against her. I
make that point again to-day. Even if this
man was not an American citizen, but a Span-
iard, what was his offense? He furnished
medicine and implements by which to assuage
and alleviate the sufferings of the wounded and
dying on the battle-field; that is all. It was
said that his medicine-box and case of surgical
instruments fell into the hands of the insur-
gents, and thereby alleviated the sufferings of
some man shot or bayoneted on the battle-
field. And for this offense Dr. Houard goes
under the equator for eight years! This is
the result ot the poor, contemptible foreign
policy of our Government. More than three
hundred citizens of Irish birth have languished
in British prisons, and our Government has
made no efficient interposition in their behalf.
I speak in geueral terms of the whole foreign
policy of this Government. It is not up to
the standard. It does not correspond with
the position which Great Britain or any other
first-class civilized Power has maintained.
I repeat, Mr. Speaker, that while it is con-
ceded here by the friends of the Administra-
tion that this man is an American citizen,
and that he is sailing to the equator to undergo
eight, years of penal servitude, we sit here de-
bating and discussing. There are forty more
such citizens languishing in Spanish prisons ;
jet we falter and dare not act. Had I the
power I would bring that man back or wage
open war upon Spain.
I have no language in which to express my
feeling with regard to a policy which permits
such things to pass unchallenged. Is it the
feet (let me ask gentlemen who speak for this
Administration) that some of the members of
the family of the Secretary of State have had
lucrative professional relations with Spain in
this country ? I have been told so, not by
Democrats, but by your own people; not by
those in humble situations, but by those in
powerful and elevated stations.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that the personal or profes-
sional relations of the Secretary of State or
his family are not matters to be discussed
here.
Mr. VOORHEES. The gentleman had
better let me go on, as he himself, without
interruption.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that the gentleman's reference
to the Secretary of State and his private rela-
tions to the Spanish Government is not in
order.
The SPEAKER. What is the point of
order made by the gentleman?
Mr. BINGHAM. My point of order is that
the gentleman's reference to the Secretary of
State, to the effect that he has certain per
sonal or private relations with Spain, is not in
order.
Mr. VOORHEES. Do you say it is not the
fact? [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I say it is not a question
to be discussed here.
Mr. VOORHEES. If the gentleman will
say it is not the fact, his word is good enough
for me. [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I say it is not a question
to be discussed here.
Mr. VOORHEES. I may be mistaken
upon the point; but I am not out of order.
Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a single remark?
Mr. VOORHEES. Yes, sir.
Mr. BANKS. The statement which has
just been made by the gentleman was made
in this House before in a debate upon a sub-
ject of this character, and it was authori-
tatively denied by my colleague, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. VOORHEES. I did not speak upon
my own knowledge; I repeated what I had
been told upon high authority.
Mr. BANKS. The member of the House
who made the statement withdrew his asser-
tion upon the denial which was made by my
colleague.
Mr. WOOD. I do not think myself that it
is a fact.
Mr. VOORHEES. I have myself to take
care of here; and I am always able to do so.
There were thirty Spanish gun-boats built in
the harbor of New York. I have been in-
formed that the Spanish authorities in Cuba
contemp!ated taking them from there by force,
when they found an easier way to obtain them
in the courts of New Yoikby the use of Span-
ish gold in employing counsel. This seems,
however, to be a sensitive question all around
me.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RANDALL. I believe I have a minute
left.
Mr. L. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, my colleague
has been so liberal in giving his time to others
that I hope be will be allowed to proceed
beyond the minute which is left of his time.
Mr. RANDALL. I shall be perfectly sat-
isfied if by consent of the House I shall be
allowed ten minutes in the morning to notice
a few remarks which have been made in con-
nection with this case by the friends of Dr.
Houard who desire an amendment of the res-
olution, as well as the remarks made by those
who are opposed to any interference on the
part of this Government for the protection of
one of its own citizens.
The SPEAKER. Unless this resolution
now pending before the House is disposed of
this evening it will not come up to-morrow;
but will go over until Tuesday next.
Mr. RANDALL. I understand the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
proposes to call the previous question on the
resolution, so that it will come up to morrow
morning as the unfinished business. Ail I
ask is that in the morning I shall be allowed
a few minutes to make some reply to state-
ments which have been submitted to-day in
this matter by those who are opposed to the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. DAWES. Oh, no; let us sit here to-
night and finish it.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to say one word
before I call the previous question, only one
word, in regard to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bixgham,] and I will
say it now if the gentleman will have the
kindness to give me his attention. My objec-
tion to it is that it opens the whole question
for inquiry, whereas the action of the House
proceeds upon the fact that it has been in-
vestigated. The letter of the Secretary of
State to the cbarg6 d'affaires at Madrid in the
place of the minister of the United States 
The SPEAKER. There is too much con-
fusion in the House. Gentlemen will resume
their seats and suspend conversation.
Mr. BANKS. I will yield the floor at pres-
ent, as I understand the gentleman from Penn
sylvania has not concluded his remarks.
Mr. RANDALL. My object in asking for
a few minutes in the morning is to clear up a
few facts which have been left in doubt. I
suggest to the gentleman from Massachusetts
to demand the previous question, and we can
then adjourn, and m the morning I can renew
my request for ten minutes' time.
Mr. BANKS. I will, then, now call for the
previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I trust we will not adjourn
until we finish this case.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the House will.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I trust
some word may be allowed to be said in an-
swer to the broad charges made by those in
favor of the resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I do not think the House is
impatient, but will wait here until this question
is decided this evening.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I should
like to have fifteen or twenty minutes on this
grave question.
Mr. BANKS. I demand the previous ques-
tion. Before the vote is put on that, however,
I desire to make a suggestion in regard to the
amendment. The gentleman from Ohio pro
poses to reopen these whole proceedings. It
has already been investigated. Let me read
the letter from Mr. Fish to Mr. Adee, chargfe
d'affaires at Madrid, it is as follows :
Department of State,
"washington, March, 26, 1872.
Sir : In continuation of the subj eet of the instruc-
tion No. 58, addressed to you under date of the 9th
instant, with reference to the case of John Emilie
Houard, I now inclose copies of an affidavit by
Mr. Fox, late consular agent of the United States
at Cienfuegos, and of an official certificate from
Mr, Morris, the present consular agent at thatplace,
trom which it would appear that Br. Honard de-
clared himself a citizen ot the United States, and
was registered as such in the books of the consular
agency of the United States at Cienfuegos as early
as the latter part of 1868 or^the beginning of 1869,
and again 25th November, 1870.
You will make use of these papers in pressing the
case of Dr. Houard upon the attention of the Span-
ish Government.
In recurring to the subject you will not fail to
point out the apparent violation of our treaty with
Spam, hy the Spanish authorities in Cuba, in trying
Dr. Houard by an extraordinary tribunal, and in
refusing to give this Government an account of the
proceedings of that tribunal.
I am, &c.,
HAMILTON FISH.
A. A. Adek, esq., &c.
Now, sir, is it worth while, as the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bixgham] does, to instruct them to go
further iu this matter? We have asked for
this record. They have refused it, and they
base their refusal upon the denial of the Amer-
ican citizenship of Dr. Houard. I do not ob-
ject at all to the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio if he will agree to strike out from
it a few words, so that it shall stand as I will .
