1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sale of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
cation from the head of the French legation,
this marquis appeared in the War Depart-
ment and asked to examine these records, and
that, on consultation with the President, it was
deemed proper that he should have them, or
so much of them as might facilitate the exam-
ination of their affairs. The Secretary of War
of course gave the proper directions to the
chief of ordnance, and the record was made
up as rapidly as practicable consistent with
the transaction of the current business. But
in the mean time, I think very properly con-
cluding that it would be quite as well to inform
the Representatives of the people of the Uni-
ted States what had been done as to inform the
representative of the French Government, the
Secretary of War by direction of the President
sent the original copy of the record thus made
up to the House of Representatives, and then
notified this marquis that he would have an
opportunity to obtain a copy or copies in a very
few days. This, it seems, was not satisfactory.
The facts as they were recorded on the books
of the Department were notall that was wanted.
He desired aid in the prosecution of the sup-
posed delinquent employes of the French Gov-
ernment, and hence sought the aid of mem-
bers of the Senate of the United States, and
they have attempted to drag into this invest-
igation the Senate itself. The evidence of that
I think will appear from the preamble as well
as the text of the resolution itself, now under
consideration, if other evidence were not at-
tainable. I read the first paragraph of the
preamble:
Whereas it appears from a recent cable telegram
that the committee of the French National Assembly
on war contracts has adopted a resojution asking
the United States Government to furnish the result
of inquiry into the conduct of American officials
suspected ot participating in the purchase of aruis
for the French Government during the war with
Germany.
Why did this Assembly presume in advance
that this investigation would be ordered? It
had not been ordered at the date of the adop-
tion of their resolution. They had obtained
assurances that they could obtain copies of
the records of the War Department so far as
they related to the purchase of arms, and the
record was made out and very properly pub-
lished to the whole world through the action
of the House of Representatives of the United
States. How is it that the French Government
could presume that there was to be an investi-
gation of American officials? Was somebody
here in communication with them that had
given them the assurance that an investigation
was to be ordered, and after receiving that
assurance did they suppose a sufficient time
had elapsed for the event to have occurred,
mid hence the call made by them for a copy
of the proceedings of this supposed court of
inquiry or committee ot investigation?
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt lrm there ?
Mr. HARLAN. I will take very great
pleasure in hearing any explanation.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator certainly reads
that resoluion of the French Assembly very
differently from myself.
Mr. HARLAN. I read from the Senator's
own resolution, from the preamble to his own
resolution, and lie said it was in his own hand-
writing when he introduced it, atid on. that
account asked to have the privilege of reading
it himself from his own desk.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr.. HARLAN. I have a right to presume
it was correctly copied. _
Mr. SUMNER. The actual dispatch willbe
found in the papers, 1 think ot last Friday, and
is as follows:
"The Assembly committee on war contracts has
adopted a resolution asking the united .States to
furnish the result of the inquiry in the conduct ot
American officials who are suspected of
in the purchase of arms tor the French Government
during the vyar."
That speaks of what has already occurred
so far as I understand, and so far as I under-
stood when I quoted it. This matter has been
pending now tor weeks, even for months. I
have on my table now a document which goes
back to last June, showing that this subject
has occupied attention there, and I presumed
that this related to inquiries which it was sup-
posed had already been instituted in our coun-
try. At any rate, I know that no human being
had any reason to suppose that I was to move
in it until I did.
Mr. HARLAN. That may be, Mr. Presi-
dent ; the honorable Senator may have been
as careless in copying this telegram as he has
been in copying the records of our own Gov-
ernment. I read from the indictment as lie
has prepared it with his own hand. He in-
formed the Senate that it was in his own hand-
writing. I think I was justifiable, therefore,
in supposing it was as he wished it, to be, and
1 read it as it is printed by the Public Printer :
Whereas it appears from a recent cable telegram
that the committee of the French National Assem-
bly on warcontracts has adopted a resolution ask-
ing the United States Government to furnish the re-
sult of inquiry into the conduct of American officials
suspected of participating in the purchase of arms
for the French Government during the war with
Germany.
If there is any conflict between this phrase-
ology and that of the telegram as it came over
the lines I am not responsible tor it, but I per-
ceive no substantial difference.
Mr. SUMNER. There is no conflict. I
wish the Senator to understand that.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I wonder why I was
interrupted. If I am citing the. record cor-
rectly, and there is no necessity for correcting
that record by something that is more authentic,
why was I interrupted ? 1 do not complain of
interruption if I misrepresent any member of
this body. I desire to be interrupted under
such circumstances. I wouldnot intentionally
misrepresent any human being, surely not a
member of this body.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will under-
stand that in my view the Senator interprets
it wrongly, gives a meaning to it which I do
not think is candid, and if he intends to use it
in any way against roe, I say that it is very
uncandid. .
Mr. HARLAN. Well, Mr. President, I
do not know that I have a right to reprimand
the Senator for unparliamentary language in
attributing to me uncandid conduct. I think
I am justifiable, and every impartial reader of
this record I believe will sustain rae, in con-
cluding that the French Government had some
sufficient reason for supposing that an inquiry
would be put on foot which had not been
inaugurated in the United States. Ijjvery one
may explain this for himself if he can. How
they obtained this intimation is not for me to
explain.
But in the next place :
Whereas one Squire,—
I read from the same document—
agent of Messrs. Remington ^L^ons, at New York,
in a dispatch dated at New York, October 8,18(0,
addressed to Samuel Remington, at lours, inFrauce,
near the Government ot National Defen.se, uaes tne
following language ; "Wo have the strongest influ-
ences working for us, which will use all their eflorts
to succeed."
Whence came this document? You will per-
ceive that the author of this preamble says:
Whereas one Squire, agent of Messrs. Remineton
& Sons, at New York, m a dispatch dated at New
York, October 8, 1870, addressed to Samuel Reming-
ton at Tours, in France, near the Government of
National Defense, uses the tollowing language.
It is not for me to inquire how the Senator
from Massachusetts obtained possession of
that document. It will be perceived that it
is addressed by one French agent to another
French agent, both employes of the btench
Government. Unexplained, I think I have a
right to infer that somebody was in communi-
cation with the French Government, and was
interested in procuring official documents from
that high authority.
But again, the preamble recites :
Whereas in a letter dated at New York, Decem-
ber 13,1870, addressed by Samuel Remington to Jules
Le Cesne, president of the armament committee,
at Tours, in France, the following language is
employed:
New Yoek, December 13,1870.
Slit: I have the honor to inform you I have re-
ceived your telegram of the 10th and 11th, ordering
the number of batteries to be reduced in number to
fifty, and informing me of instructions to the consul
regarding the lust credit to him of 3,000,000 francs.
Although at the time of the receipt of the tele-
gram I had bought the whole number, one hundred,
and had paid the advance required, $200,000, the
Government very willingly reduced the number to
fifty. * * * * is**-**
Regarding the purchase of Springfields, (trans-
formed,) Allen's system, I am sorry to say the
greatest number we may hope to get will not, I fear,
exceed forty thousand. The Government has never
made bat about, seventy-five thousand all told, and
forty thousand is the greatest number they think
it prudent to spare. I may be able to procure,
depending upon an exchange of our arms, at some
future time, for the number of breech-loading
Springfields, over and above forty thousand they are
willing to let go now.
This question of an exchange,with the very friendly
feeling X find existing to aid France, I hope to be
able to procure more. Cartridges for these forty
thousand will m a great measure require to be made,
as the Government have but aboutthreo millions in
hand. But the Government has consented to allow
the requisite number, four hundred tor each gun, to
be made, and tile cartridge-works have had orders,
given yesterday, to increase production to the full
capacity of works. This question of malting the
cartridges at the Government works was a difficult
one to get over; but it is done. The price the Gov-
ernment will charge for the guns and cartridges will
be , or as near that as possible.
Jules Le Cesne, esq.,
President tbnimUnion of Armament,
The first observation I have to make m rela-
tion to this letter is this: it is not strange that
an agent of the French Government should
be inclined to puff his own importance, and to
make the authorities in France think that he
was a man of great consequence oil this side
of the water, and could accomplish almost
anything be chose. Hence the disposition
to represent what he did as a very difficult
thing, when what he represented as having
been done for him was being done all tbe time
for the purchasers of arms from the Govern-
ment. Whenever it became necessary, in
order to perfect a sale, arms were repaired,
and a number of rounds of ammunition turned
in with each arm. There was nothing unusual
in it. But he could be pardoned. I apprehend,
for attempting to make the French Govern-
ment believe that he had done some important
service for them when probably he was in
Paris collecting the proceeds of his sale.
But the pertinent inquiry to which I desire
to call the attention of the Senate^ is this:
whence this document? Where did it origin-
ate? It is here now on the records of the
Senate. This paragraph of the preamble says:
Whf-reas in a letter dated at Now York, Decem-
ber 13,1870, addressed by Samuel Remington—
Who is said to be an agent of the French
Government—
to Jules I-e Cesne, president of the armament
committee at Tours, in France.
A letter addressed by an agent of the French
Government in the United States to an agent
of the French Government in Tours. I"6
French Government is its rightful custodian ;
it was not sent here through the usual othcial
channels. May I not conclude that some
reliable party other than the Secretary ot
State is holding intercourse with the trench
Government; that he has access to their rec-
ords ? And it is not probable that Remington
,'ould furnish this record, since he is the man,
a I infer, whom they intend to prosecute. 1
as" 1 infer, whom they intend to prosecute,
think I may fairly infer, therefore, that it has
been furnished by authority of the I'reach
Government for some purpose valuable to
that nation. But we see it in the Senate ot
the United States as a part of a preamble to a
