3690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
acts Mr. De Long is entitled to great credit. He
states, under oath, that many were arrested by the
pblicc and pat in a filthy piison because they would
not work for the generals and colonels at wages
insufficient to support them, in some cases as low as
eight cents a day; that at different times he effected
the release from prison of at least fifty of them, and
furnished lodging, provisions,medicine, and cloth-
ing for such of them as were unable to work, suffer-
ing from small-pox and other diseases caused by the
want of proper shelter and provisions. About March
1,1864, our Government, at his request, sent a ves-
sel for th« survivors, an apparent recognition of
their claims under the acts of Congress; at all
events, an act of simple justice to American citi-
zens. The committee believe Mr. De Long should
not be the loser by the humanity ho displayed to
these people, and report o,n appropriation in his
favor of $1,166.
The second claim of Mr. Be Long arises as follows:
By the act of August 8,1861, (12 Statutes, 285,) the
President was authorized to increase the salaries of
consuls in any foreign ports, not to exceed SI,500 in
any case, such increased compensation to cease
" with thereestabiisbment of internal peace within
the United States.1" "When JamesDeLongwas ap-
Sointed consul at Aux Cayes the salary at that port
ad been increased, but soon after the rebellion
closed, on December 2, 1865, the compensation was
reduced to the sura of $500 per annum, at which it
had been fixed before the war. During 1865 and
1866 a revolution occurred in Hayti, and in the
beginning of 1867 a counter-revolutioia broke out
against President Salnave and his Government,
which, accompanied by many horrors. Listed until
the close of 1869. Although twice attacked before
1867, Aux Cayes was not seriously affected until the
latter year sufficiently to justify your committee in
reporting favoiably upon Mr. Do Long's claim for
increased compensation up to that time. During
about eighteen months of 1867,1868, and 3869 the
town was besieged and for some time bombarded.
Several thousands from the interior had previously
fled to it, and many sought protection from Mr. De
Long, he being for some months tho only consul
remaining thero. Ho could not refuse shelter and
frequently food to others besides Americans.
The prices of provisions during the siege were
enormous, and continued very high for several
yenrs. For two months his house, as well as consular
office, was taken possession of by the revolutionary
general and converted into a hospital. Mr. Do
Long states, under oath, that from December 2,
1865, to the time he returned, his expenses as eon-
sul were more than fifteen hundred dollars a year,
besides his office rent. Under these extraordinary
circumstances your committee believe it but just to
allow him for the eighteen months of siege of Aux
Cayes, as stated, during which his expenses for
food, rents, and aid to Americans and others were
largely increased, an additional compensation
equal to that allowed him at tho time of his ori-
ginal appointinont.
If a war in the United States, and the vigilance it
called for at his post of consular duty justified such
an addition to his salary, tho reasons for a like in-
crease fire doubly strong under tho circumstances
above detailed. Tho small compensation of $500 a
year is only attached now to three consulates of the
forty-seven, the salaries of which were raised to
$1,500 under the act—those at Aux Cnyos, Tabasco,
and Tumbez—and would scarcely keep a consul out
of debt except for other business in which he is
allowed to engage at the ports named. The state
of war at Aux Cayes prevented even this oppor-
tunity.
The committee accordingly report an appropri-
ation in favor of James Do Long of $1,650, being
equal to an increase of his salary of $1,000 a year
lor the time above named, and ten per cent, for
office rent, tho amount reported in his favor being,
in all, the sum of $2,816.
The bill waa_ ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. L. MYERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN BLAQK.
Mr. WILLARD. I ask unanimous consent
that the Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
vate Calendar be discharged from the further
consideration of the House bill No. 2568, for
the relief of John Black, late consul of the
United States at the city of Mexico, and that
the same be now considered in the House.
No objection was made; and the Committee
of the Whole were accordingly discharged
from the further consideration of the bill.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to John Black, late
consul of the United States at the city of
Mexico, the rate of compensation allowed by
law to a secretary of legation, for his diplo«
matic services to the United States in Mexico
duringthe suspension of diplomatic intercourse
between Mexico and the United States, from
the 15th of September, 1858, to the 15th of
April, 1859, inclusive.
Mr. DICKEY. If there is a report in this
case I should like to have it read.
Mr. WILLARD. There is ai report, but I
can state briefly the substance of it. Mr.
Black, for whose relief this bill is proposed,
was our consul at the city of Mexico at the
lime when Mr. Forsyth was minister of the
United States at the republic of Mexico.
When Mr. Forsyth closed his diplomatic ref-
lations with that Government he delivered to
Mr. Black the records, seal, archives, and
papers of the legation, in accordance with the
following instructions from the Government
of the United States: "the archives of the
legation you will deposit with the consul of
the United States at Mexico, Mr. Black, and
you will instruct him to afford such counsel
and protection to the citizens of the United
States as may be in his power."
In obedience to this instruction, Mr. Black
took charge of the archives and acted sub-
stantially as the minister there; but as he was
not technically considered in the State Depart-
ment as clothed with diplomatic functions, he
could not by law be paid the salary of secre-
tary of legation, as he would have been other-
wise. He did act with diplomatic functions,
and it is very clear that he should be paid what
the law provides shall be paid to a consul un-
der such circumstances. That is just what this
bill provides. In other words, it gives him the
salary of a secretary of legation for the time
he was employed.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the amount?*
Mr. WILLARD. It will be some eight or
nine hundred dollars, being the salary of a
secretary of legation for about seven months.
I now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof thebill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WILLARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MRS. M. S. MOUSE.
Mr. PACKARD. I ask unanimous consent
that the Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
vate Calendar be discharged from the further
consideration of House bill No. 333, for the
relief of Mrs. M. S. Morse, administratrix
and widow of Isaac IS. Morse, deceased, and
that the same be now considered in the House.
No objection was made, and the Committee
of the Whole was accordingly discharged from
the further consideration of the bill.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of^ the Treasury to pay out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to Mrs. M. S. Morse, administratrix and widow
of IsaacE. Morse, for his full compensation
while employed as special commissioner of
the United States to the republic of New
Granada, in the years 1856 and 1857, at the
rate of $7,500 per annum, from the 6th of
November, 1856, to the 1st of June, 1857, for
his salary as commissioner, and at the rate of
fifteen dollars per diem during the same time
for his traveling expenses incurred in the
discharge of the duties of his mission.
Mr. DICKEY. Will the gentleman state
the circumstances of this case?
Mr. PACKARD. I will state the substance
of the report. Mr. Morse was appointed by
this Government as special commissioner to
New Granada, and entered upon his duties on
the 7th of November, 1856. He returned to
the United States on the 28th of April, 1857,
and made a settlement of his account on the
20th of June 1857 ; but in this settlement the
Department of State declined to allow him any
compensation beyond the rate of salary allowed
a minister resident for the time of his service.
At that rate he was paid the sum of $3,572 84.
Not conceiving that he had received his just
compensation for1 an important and special
service, he appealed to the Secretary of State,
and presented a letter from Hon. William L.
Marcy, at whose solicitation he had con-
sented to accept the mission.
Iu this connection I will remark that during
the absence of Mr. Morse there had been a
change of administration. When he returned
to this country Hon. Lewis Cass had suc-
ceeded Mr. Marcy as Secretary of State. The
latter having been instrumental in his appoint-
ment, Mr. Morse made application to him;
and the result was the following letter :
Ballstox Spa, June 27.
Sir: I have received a letter from the Hon. Isaac
E. Morse, the late commissioner to New Granada in
relation to his compensation.
It was understood that his expenses were to be
allowed, together with a fair per diem compensa-
tion, but the precise rate was not, I think, agreed on.
It was regarded as a highly responsible and diffi-
cult mission, and I thought he might justly claim as
liberal a sum as had been paid in any similar case.
I had in my mind the allowance made atlhe Depart-
ment to Mr. Schenqk and Mr. Pendleton, which was,
I think, about twenty dollars a day.
As there had been no particular appropriation for
the mission, I expected Mr. Morse wouldibe paid out
of the contingent fund for foreign intercourse. This
was the usual, if not universal, mode of payment in
such cases.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WM. L. MARCY.
Hon. Lewis Cass, Secretary of State.
It thus appears that the compensation was
fixed in effect by the Secretary of State at the
time, and before the service was undertaken.
The committee, therefore, have recom-
mended that Mr. Morse receive a compensa-
tion for his services at the rate per diem of a
minister resident, and that there be added
thereto his traveling expenses, as agreed upon
by Mr. Marcy, at the rate of fifteen dollars
per diem during the term of his mission.
There seems also to have been some differ-
ence of opinion as to the precise date when
the mission terminated. He arrived in New
Orleans, oil his return from New Granada, on
the 20th of April, 1857, as the Department
settled his compensation account as of that
date. It seems, however, that upon the me-
morialist's arrival in New Orleans he found
his family too unwell to permit his leaving
them. He therefore telegraphed that fact to
the Department of State, with a request that
he might be allowed to remain a day or two
in New Orleans, on account of his own health
and that of his family; in reply to which he
was authorized by the Secretary of State to
"take his [your] time" to come to Washing-
ton. Allowing for this delay on leave, as well
as for the time occupied in traveling to and
from Washington, the date of the 1st of June
should be properly fixed for the termination
of the mission.
In view of all these circumstances, as well
as of the importance of the services rendered,
the committee recommend that the late Isaac
E. Morse be allowed at the rate of $7,500 per
annum, during the term of his special service,
and that he be allowed at the rate of fifteen
dollars per diem for his traveling expenses
during the entire term of his services as special
commissioner aforesaid.
I will add that this was a very delicate and
difficult mission. The performance of its
duties occupied some seven months. Mr.
Morse entered upon those duties very reluc-
tantly, leaving a lucrative business at home.
It was_ only upon the earnest solicitation of
Mr. Pierce, then President, and Hon. William
L. Marcy, Secretary of State, that he under-
took the mission. It will be recollected that
there had been very serious difficulties iu the
Central American States, during which certain
