1002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
of the globe—the Niagara, the Franklin, the
Wabash, of one class; the Brooklyn, the Hart-
ford, the Portsmouth, of another and lower
class. These had never been equaled up to that
time, and were never equaled during the war.
And the Navy Department to-day is necessarily
spending the money that we give to it in keep-
ing those old war-worn, time-honored vessels
in repair, so that they may float and head
our fleets, while the scdres and scores that
were started during the war, costing millions
upon millions of the public money, lie rotting,
good for nothing, at the wharves in the navy-
yards of the country.
That is why we are spending so much money
to-day in the Navy Department. I adhere to
my statement made a few moments ago, that
if we had new and good vessels in good repair
twelve or fifteen million dollars would run
the Navy Department, and not a dollar more
would be asked or appropriated—being a less
sum than was spent by the administration of
Mr. Buchanan twelve years ago.
Now, what is the remedy for all this? It
is a matter of serious import that the commit-
tees to whom the question should properly
belong should look into it. But an appro-
priation bill, Mr. Chairman, is not the place
where this can be entirely corrected. We
have lodged in the hands of the Secretary
of the Navy, a prudent, economical man in
running his Department, the property of the
nation, the American Navy. We refused to
give him more. We refused to build him new
ships. We say to him that he c-ati keep the
Navy afloat with what he has got, and if trouble
perchance comes upon us lie must seek to be
in the best condition of preparation, so that
the people may not beat at the doors of this
House and overthrow us because we are not
found ready in great emergencies. I do uot
say this because I believe that any emergency
of war is pending. But. no head of either of
the military Departments of this Government
can wholly leave that out of the calculation.
Now, what is the remedy? Well, so far as
I have investigated the question, I would say
the first remedy is this: I had thought, and
I think now seriously—if the Committee on
Appropriations sustain me, for it is not in the
present bill—of moving thai some such clause
as this be added : ''that the Secretary of the
Navy be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to sell at public or private sale such
vessels and machinery of the United States
Navy as in his judgment are not suitable for
or capable of repairs or fitting out." That
is a saving to a degree. These vessels lie at
their respective navy yards with machinery in
them, and are swallowing up some money
every year. I would save all that and more
than that. I would bring into the Navy funds
derived from the sale of these vessels, or would
devote them to whatever purposes Congress
may prefer.
Next, and I have no doubt that sooner or
later we have got to come to it—the stern
necessity is in our face—we must build new
vessels for the Government; vessels that
launched and put upon the sea will compete
with the lately constructed vessels of foreign
Powers; vessels that when built will simply
call upon the Government for the ordinary
expenditure of running them. We could save
by this from three to five million dollars a year
that we are now spending, not needlessly, but
of necessity, in keeping the old Navy afloat.
Prom three to five million dollars a year for
the next five years will put 011 the sea ships that
will make our Navy respectable. Sir, when-
ever such a measure shall be reported I shall
be willing, not as a member of the Committee
011 Appropriations, but on my own individual
responsibility, to advocate it in the interest of
economy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. As this is a very important
question I would ask that the gentleman have
as much additional time as may be necessary
to complete his remarks.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
extending the time of the gentleman from
Maine? The Chair hears none.
Mr. HALE. I thank the gentleman from
Massachusetts for his courtesy, and the House
also. I am nearly through with what I had to
say. Sir, we are running our Navy to-day
like a man who owns an old house, and who
spends his money in patching and repairing
sills, walls, and roof to keep out the winds
and storms. We spend more money in the
attempt to repair old ships than would enable
the Secretary to build new ones, such as we
have not yet built.
When such enterprise is undertaken, how-
ever, I want the expenditures hedged about,
controlled, limited, and cared for with the
most scrupulous and careful exactness ; I want
no more money spent uselessly upon iron-clads
which, the moment they come in contact with
the element on which they are intended to float,
go to the bottom. I want no more vessels which,
with steam, can be beaten by the old sailing
craft. At the time the Kearsarge and the Ala-
bama fought it was only the false confidence
of the captain of the Kearsarge that brought 011
the fight. We had not then a vessel in our
Navy to compete in speed with the Alabama.
I want no more such experiments. I want
the money carefully guarded. I want no more
vessels built atpublic yards. Put them out to
American builders, whose ingenuity and craft
were never exceeded m the world. Let the
American builders build our new vessels on
the best contracts we can make with them.
I have no fear then that we shall not have
some sound, fleet ships. Then the American
Navy will enter upon a better and brighter
day than it has known for the past six years.
The fault-finding will cease. We are a nautical
people, and shall have pride in our Navy when
we are given anything to be proud of. I have
no fear of that. But until that day we must go
on in the way of the present, patching and
repairing; and while 1 do not say that the
administration of the Navy Department has
been perfect, still I believe that the Depart-
ment is ran practically and economically, and
that the amount asked for that Department is
not excessive.
Mr. MORGAN addressed the committee in
remarks which will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. BECK. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] a question before
he sits down. There will be time enough, as
he has not exhausted the extension allowed
him of ten minutes. I wish to ask the gentle
man from Ohio a question into which I have
looked a good deal, I desire to know whether
he has ascertained in the course of his invest-
igations how much property the Naval Depart-
ment has sold and spent in the last rive years,
in addition to all the appropriations made
by Congress for the Department during that
period?
I had official information before me when I
made a speech in 1870, and my friend from
New York [Mr. Cox] had also the informa-
tion, showing that the Naval Department at
that time, in addition to §15,000,000 of unex-
pended balances which they intimated they
would spend, except $1,000,000, had 'spent
nearly seven million dollars more arising
from the sale of old materials. My informa-
tion is that that Department, and the War
Department, and all the other Departments
of the Government, are in the habit of selling
whatever they see fit to sell; that of all this
Congress gets no account, and that this is
spent in addition to all their appropriations.
Mr. HALE. Not at present, as the gentle
man is aware.
Mr. BECK. Begging the gentleman's par-
don, I must differ from him. While the Sec-
retary of the Treasury certifies to us that
the War Department expended appropriations i
amounting to $35,000,000, he says in a note
I that there were $8,800,000 besides to be
added to that, making a total of $44,000,000.
And only yesterday a Senator from Massachu-
setts rose in his place and showed how much
had been spent by the Departments themselves
of moneys derived from sales of property.
Now, what I want to get at is the amount
of property which the Departments ha^e sold
since the close of the war, and the proceeds
of which they have spent wuhout appiopria-
tions from Congress. They can give this
information, but they have never yet done so.
And I hope the House will refuse to vote one
dollar of this money which is sought to be
appropriated by this bill unt'l the Secretary
of the Navy does furnish us with that informa-
tion. He can do it in an hour Wehavettied
to pass bills requiring it. This House did
pass one applicable to the future, but we have
never got it for the past. I assert here 011 my
responsibility as a Respresentatn'e that when
the truth is known as to sales made by the
War and Navy Departments it will be found
that the expenditures made in addition to all
the appropriations made by Congress amount
to hundreds of millions of dollars.
Mr. DAWES. It is very true, as the gentle-
man from Kentucky has said, that the Secretary
of the Treasury can furnish this information.
Mr. MORGAN. I believe that I have not
yielded the floor to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. I agree that he did not yield
to me, but he had used up his time and sat
down.
Mr. MORGAN. A question was propounded
to me by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck,] and in courtesy I am bound to answer
him.  
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
the gentleman from Ohio had concluded his
remarks.
Mr. MORGAN. I do not wish to occupy
the time of the House; I wish only to say that
the facts stated by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky are entirely true.
Mr. DAWES. I will conclude what I wos
saying when the gentleman from Ohio insisted
on interrupting me, that the gentleman from
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] stated rightly that
the Secretary of the Navy could furnish this
statement, and for this very plain reason, that
upon the books of the Navy Department are
entered every dollar for which any material 13
sold, and the disposition of that dollar. These
matters, however, have never been communi-
cated to the House, and for this other plain
reason, that there is no law requiring such
communication to the House.
It is also stated that the gentleman from
Kentucky and myself proposed a law by which
the Secretary should be required to make this
disclosure to the House, but that never did
become the law. The Secretaiy bus conformed
with all the requisitions of the law in reference
to the matter. If we should succeed 111 get-
ting that bill through, requiring the Secretary
to make this exposition, the gentleman would
then receive it officially from the Secretary.
He can now obtain the information by going
to the Navy Department and himself exanun"
ing the books of that Department. It is there
he will find a long account of old material
sold. The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale]
has given us full information on this point in
his speech to-day. Hp will find what disposi-
tion has been made of the proceeds of the
sales so far as the Secretary and his immediate
predecessor are concerned. If the gentleman
Irom Keniucky can find a misappropriation
of one dollar, and will communicate that fact
to the House, the House can act upon it, but
he has failed to do so.
Mr. BECK. I am not prepared to make
charges of the misappropriation of funds with-
out proof; but what 1 complain of is that iron-
clads and naval materiel of all sorts, amount-
