1898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mareli 22,
passed Forts Jackson and St. Philip to the
capture of New Orleans, the ships were pro-
tected from serious injury, if not from de-
struction, by chain armor covering their engines
and machinery, and their passage was greatly
facilitated by painting them with the mud of
the Mississippi river, a color afterward adopt-
ed by the Navy Department for all the ships
in the service, and the same expedient of
chain armor rendering the Kearsarge redoubt-
able for the destruction of the Alabama, and
that these expedients were the timely inven-
tions of Chief Engineer John W. Moore, of
the United States Navy. And then the bill
provides that the President of the United
States shall be authorized, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to advance
Chief Engineer John \V. Moore six numbers
on the list of chief engineers in the Navy.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SUTHERLAND moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed: and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
retiring 01? a volunteer naval officer.
Mr. HAYS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill (H. It. No. 2053)
authorizing the nomination and appointment
to the retired list of the Navy of a certain vol-
unteer on the active list of the Navy, who was
disabled in consequence of wounds received
during the late war; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
President of the United States shall be author-
ized to nominate, and, by and with the advice
and c'ousent of the Senate, to appoint upon the
retired list of the Navy with the rank of master
L. II. Chester, formerly an acting ensign in the
Navy.
J he bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; andbeing engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HAYS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
chain-stopper and suug1s-relii5vjsr.
Mr. COGHLAN, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2054)
to authorize the Secretary of the Navy to pur-
chase for the Government of the United States
the right to manufacture and use the Emory &
Cheney patent elastic chain-stopper aud sur°-e-
rehever; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Navy shall be authorized to
contract for and purchase for the use of the
Navy of the United States, at a price not to
exceed $12,000, the right to manufacture and
use the Emory & Cheney patent elastic chain-
stopper and surge-reliever, and that for the
payment of said right the sum of $12,000 is
hereby appropriated, to be paid out of any sum
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the
point of order that that bill makes an appro-
priation, aud must have its first consideration
iii the Committee of the Whole on the Private |
Calendar. j
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the !
point of order, and the bill will therefore go j
to the Committee of the Whole on the Private >
Calendar.
Mr. COGHLAN, Does it necessarily go to
to that committee?
'Ihe SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. COGIILAN. I move that the bill and
accompanying report be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
II. O, CIIltlSTOPHUIl, ETC.
Mr. COGHLAN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2055) for the
relief of H. C. Christopher, G. W. Beard, C.
A. Uber, Edward Stiles, and N. H. Lumdin;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that H. C.
Christopher, G. W. Beard, C. Uber, and Ed-
ward Stiles shall, from and after the passage
of this bill, be entitled to receiye, while on the
retired list, the pay of retired second assistant
engineers in the Navy, and that the President
of the United States shall be authorized to ap-
point N. H. Lamdin at the foot of the active
list a second assistant engineer in the United
States Navy.
Mr. KERR. Is there any report in that
case ?
Mr. COGHLAN. I will state the facts in
the case. In 1870 the grade of third assistant
engineers in the. Navy was abolished by law.
These five men were at that time upon the
retired list as third assistant engineers. At
tlie same time the pay of all other grades was
raised, and as these men belonged to an extinct
grade, no provision whatever was made for
them. They are doubly oppressed. The pay
of all other officers has been raised, aud they
are still retained in a grade which no longer
exists in the Navy. There being now no third
assistant engineers on the active list in the
Navy at, all, the grade having been destroyed,
these men now ask as a matter of justice that
they be placed on the same footing as the other
members of the same grade, who were not
disabled before the time of the passage of the
law whereby the grade was entirely destroyed,
lhat is all there is in it. Having been wounded
or disabled and retired before the passage of
the law abolishing the grade, they claim as a
right from this Congress that they be placed
on the same footing as those who had not been
wounded at that time; that is, that they be
rated as second assistant engineers on the
retired list,, which will make an addition of
$450 a year to their pay.
Mr. KERR. To each man?
Mr. COGHLAN. Yes, sir. And they will
be receiving precisely what others of their
grade receive, who had not been wounded or
retired before the passage of this law which
destroyed the grade.
Mr. KERR. I desire to ask the gentleman
one more question. What is the present com-
pensation of these men ?
Mr. COGHLAN. It is $500. This will
give them $950. One of these men was so
disabled while in active service that he cannot
to-day leave his bed, and it is impossible for
him to support his family on $500.
Mr. ARCHER. Another of them has five
children.
Mr. COGHLAN. It is right that they
should receive this relief from the Government,
and be placed on precisely the same footing
as those who had not been wounded or retired
before the passage of the law abolishing the
grade in which they were retired.
Ihe bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COGHLAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. DICKEY. The morning hour having
expired, I move that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole, for the further
consideration of the Army appropriation bill.
■ ^1' ®^GHAM. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me to allow me to report back a Sen-
ate bill from the Judiciary Committee. It is
legislation which requires to be proceeded
with at once.
Mr. DICKEY. I yield to the gentleman
ior that purpose.
removal op causes from state courts.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Judiciary, reported
back with a substitute the bill S. No. 792,
being an act in addition to an act entitled ' 'An
act to amend an act entitled 'An act for the
removal of causes in certain cases from State
courts,' approved July 27, 1806," approved
March 2, 1867.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will first report
the bill of the Senate, and afterward the sub-
stitute reported by the committee.
The bill was read. It provides that the
right of removal of a cause created by said
act shall extend to and be enforced in all suits
heretofore or hereafter commenced m any
State court in which either the plaintiff or
defendant is or shall be an alien, and m which
the other party is or shall be a citizen of any
of the United States: which said removal may
be applied for and had under the regulations
in the said act provided for the cases therein
mentioned.
The substitute recommended by the com-
mittee was read, as follows :
Strike out all after the enacting clause aud insert
the following:
That whenever a personal action hasbeen or shall
be brought in any State court by any alien against
a citizen of the United States, non-resident of that
State wherein jurisdiction is obtained by the State
court by personal service of process only, such suit
may be removed to the circuit court of the United
States in the same manner as now provided for the
removal of a suit brought in a State court, by the
provisions of section threeofthe actof March 2,1s33,
entitled "An act furtherto provide for the collcetion
of duties on imports.*'
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before I raise
any objection to the consideration of the bill,
I wish to ask whether it is likely to create
debate ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I believe it will give rise
to no debate I yield to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Potter,] who desires to offer
a verbal amendment.
Mr. POTTER. I offer the following amend-
ment to the substitute:
. In ifne four strike out the word "citizen," and
insert any person, being a civil officer."
Ihe SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the substitute will be so modified.
There was no objection.
Mr. PO ITER. I offer also the following
amendment to the substitute:
In the same line insert after the words "United
btates the words as sole defendant being."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GOX. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] why he limits ths
operation of the bill by the word "alien?"
Mr. BINGHAM. By the original provision
of the Constitution the judicial power of the
United States is expressly extended to cases
where subjects of a foreign Power are parties
to the suit. ^ And for the furtherreason, I lim-
ited it to aliens because in this particular case
an alien has instituted a suit in the Slate
courts of New York against the Secretary of
the Treasury for the recovery, I believe, of
$2,000,000, and under existing laws the Fed-
eral courts have no jurisdiction of the case.
1 now yield the floor to my honorable friend
from New York, [Mr. Potter,] that he may
say what, he desires to say upon this question.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, bills which
propose to change a general law to meet a
particular case are very apt, I think, to be
vicious measures of legislation. It so hap-
pened that Mr. Secretary Boutwell, in passing
through New York, was sued by some maS
who asserts that he suggested to him some
plan for reducing the public debt, which plan
he asserts has been pursued by Mr. Boutwell
and forwhich suggestion heasks compensation'.
Mr. Boutwell, I believe, considers that it is
necessary for his protection that this case should
be removed to the Federal courts. Now, I may
agree that a federal Cabinet officer charged
with the important duties which he is charged
wi h should be entitled to every just protection
when sued for acts done by him. In this ease,
however, I have no doubt that the Secretary
would receive every just protection in the State
tribunals. I aw inclined to think also that a
