2794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2o,
Head what he says ou
now read, omitting the words to which I make
objection. I ask him to let it read thus:
Unless it should be made to appear upon investi-
gation to the satisfaction of the executive depart-
ment that said Houard has been prosecuted for an
offense uuder the authority of law, and according to
the regular course of proceedings usual in like cases,
and that the privileges secured to citizens of the
United States by the seventh aiticle of the troaty
of the United States with Spain.dated 27th October,
1795. were neither denied nor disregarded on his
trial.
I do not think we should instruct the Gov-
ernment to go into this matter again.
Mr. BINGHAM". That is what I want.
Mr. BANKS. I omilted these words:
Had been held for, and duly convicted of, an
offense committed by him within the jurisdiction
of Spain.
Mr. BINGHAM. " finder authority of
law." The gentleman wishes to strike that
out. I do not desire to do any such thing, for
the reason that the words the gentleman pro-
poses to strike out are found in the text of the
seventh article of the treaty of 1795; and if
that be the fact, that he has been held and
tried according to law for an offense com-
mitted within the jurisdiction of Spain, and in
the mode usuaT in such cases, this House by
our own treaty obligations has no busines with
it. I ask the attention of the House to this.
Mr. BANKS. My objection to the gentle-
man's proposition is that it instructs the Gov-
ernment to go into this inquiry anew after they
have closed it.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir. There the gen-
tleman makes a mistake. He reads from the
dispatch of the Secretary of State of d<ite 9th
March, 1872. On the 12th March, 1872, three
days afterward, the same Secretary of State
says, in an ollioial paper, page 29 :
"Thostrong point which prevents tho interven-
tion 
Mr. RANDALL.
pane 27.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] read that. In his dis-
patch of l'iih March lie says:
."Tho strong point which prevents tho interven-
tion ot this Government in behnIf of Dr. Ilouard
from becoming otlieucious tor his release is tho fact
that ho li.is been regularly tried and found guilty
by n duly constituted tribunal in tho island of
Cub;i.
He was not regularly tried at all, unless he
was tried according to the treaty.
Mr. RANDALL. There is a direct contra-
diction there.
Mr. BINGllAM. l'he gentleman say's that
19 a direct contradiction of the statement in
the previous dispatch. But it is t.lie state
inent of the Department of State.
Mr. BANKS. That is a repetition of what
the Spanish Government said, and not the
declaration of the Secretary of State.
-Mr. B/NGIIAM. But he goes further. The
Secretary of State proceeds to say :
"If it woro in the power of Dr. ilouard or his
Jneuds to put this Department in the possession of
facts that would impugn the integrity of the pro-
coeaings of that tnbur.al, 01 deny its competency
>n y*e premises, such faots would bo urged to
the best advantage; but none such are offered, with
the exception ot the ex parte declaration of a single
untrustworthy witness, who now declares that he
falso" m°ny aBam6t Dr- Houard which was
Mr. BANKS. No doubt; but the Spanish
Government can give these facts,
wll?e Previous question.
Mr. BUILER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
yield to me a few moments'!
Mr. RANDALL. I will yield the gentleman
nve mmutes.
Mr. BANKS. I aslc that by unanimous
consent my colleague [Mr. Butler] be allowed
ten minutes.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] aslcs that by unani-
mous consent before the previous question is
called his colleague [Mr. Butler] be allowed
ten mmutes. Is there objection
Mr. HOAR, f object.
Mr. BANKS. I hope there will be no
objection.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say a few words only.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoarj
to object.
Mr. HOAR. I object, because I do not want i
to have the previous question seconded. ,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If it is under- ;
stood that the previous question shall be con- !
sidered as pending at the end of the ten min- j
utes, withoutfurther action, I think no objection ]
will be made. I
Mr. HOAR. I object to that. [
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the .
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler.] j
being allowed to occupy ten minutes. The !
Chair hears no objection. |
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, addressed i
the House for ten minutes. [His remarks will
be published in the Appendix.] I
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. speaker, the gentle- i
man from Massachusetts, in his effort to defend j
the Administration against an assault in which
I had no part whatever, (for I introduced the
resolution in this case simply with the view
of vindicating the rights of an American citi-
zen, as I believed him to be from statements
made to me,) goes a little further and attempts
to prejudice this House against Dr. Houard,
on the ground that, his father held the office
of police commissioner in Cuba. I desire
now to read what Dr. Houard's daughter says
on this subject. I think that generally a man's
daughter is better authority as to his acts than
a stranger, whose interest never prompted the
denial oil the part of Spain that this man was
an American citizen until the Spanish author-
ities found themselves driven to the wall by
the action of this Government. What does
Mrs. Dutton say?
. " I deny that my fathei ever renounced his Amer-
ican nationality, and that he ever held the office of
polico commissioner or any other office under the
Spanish Government: such a thing was never known
in our tamiiy. My father lived but seven years in
Cuba, and dnl not speak the Spanish language ; his i
iige and social position were above his holding any 1
buch office." i
Upon this statement of the daughter of Dr. I
Houard I pronounce the declaration of the j
Spanish authorities untrue ; and I call upon
the State Department to produce evidence, if :
there is any, of such a fact. I
Mr. BANKS. I now demand the previous
question. !
file previous question was seconded ; there
being—ayes one hundred and seventeen, noes 1
not counted.
Ihe main question was ordered.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
1 he latter motion was agreed to.
I he SPEAKER The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] is entitled to an hour
to close debate.
Speaker 
If the gentleman will
move that the House
Mr. BANKS. Mr.
Mr. RANDALL.
yield to me, I will
adjourn.
Mr. BANKS. Mr.
Speaker. I have such '
engagements as will compel me to hold the i
floor for the whole of the hour: and after the 1
debate is closed, it will take half an hour or
more to vote upon the several amendments '
which are pending. Hence, if we undertake i
to dispose ot this question to night, it will 1
carry the session to a very late hour, even if it
be possible to vote upon the question to-night '
I stiould therefore be very glad if the House i
would consent to au adjournment now. 'i
dr. RANDALL. If the gentleman yields, :
I will move an adjournment,.
Mr. DAWES Mr. Speaker, a week ago !
^ voted that it would take up the 1
tariff bill ou last luesaay to the exclusion of !
all other orders. Since then there has come !|
!j in the discussion for two days on the Goat
Island question, and also the debate upon this
question, thusputiingoff for three or fourdays
this matter of the tariff', in which the whole
country feels an interest. I do think it is not
too much for me to ask this House to close
this matter to-night, so that to-morrow vvemay
enter upon the discussion of the tariff bill. I
would not, under ordinary circumstances, ask
my colleague to proceed with his remarks at
so late an hour. But he yesterday stated to
the House that this question would not occupy
more than two hours. It has, however, occu-
pied an hour or more last night as well as the
whole of to-day. If it now goes over until to-
morrow it may consume the whole of another
day. Then the next day will be Saturday,
upon which members do not expect to transact
business in the House. Monday will be reso-
lution day, and thus the tariff cannot be taken
up until Tuesday.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman fiom Massachusetts yielded to
ine to make a motion to adjourn.
Mr. MAYNARD. Some members have
left the House under the impression that no
vote was to be taken on this question to-
night.
Mr. DAWES. They had no right to leave
with any such supposition. Why should tho
whole business of the country be suspended by
this resolution standing in the way?
Mr. BANKS. 1 with to say a word in an-
swer to my colleague, [Mr. Dawes.] This is
as important a question as can bd presented to
the House. Itis a question of principle, while
the tariff is a question of percentage. Why,
gentlemen of the House have laughed at me
because I think the taiiff'question will be acted
on at this session.
Mr. DAWES. What is that?
Mr. BANKS. I say that gentlemen of the
House have laughed at me, because f have said
I believed this tariff question would be- acted
on at this session. [Laughter.] 1 thinic we are
entitled to one day at least on this important
question. We have occupied but one day. If
we remain here the decision of the question
will carry it to hall past six or seven o'clock
to-night.
Mr. DAWES. Why does not my colleague
propose; then, to take a recess?
Mr. BANKS. W e cannot get the members
of the House here to vote on it at an evening
session.
Mr. DAWES. On so important a question
affecting the rights of an American citizen, is
it true that members will not come up here at
an evening session and vote in favor of pro-
tecting an American citizen held in chains
by a torein Power?
Mr. BANKS. Let the gentleman himself
take an evening session on the tariff bill if he
wants it.
Mr. DAWES. I will take an evening ses-
sion.
Mr. BANKS. Ask for it and we will give
it to you.
Mr. KANDALL. I have made the motion
to adjourn. I cn.ll the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to order.
Mr. DAWES. This is an important ques-
tion, m which the rights of an American citi-
zen are involved. An American citizen is in
chains, held by a foreign Power, and it is our
duty to come here to-night and dispose of this
resolution, so that he may have the relief
intended.
Mr. RANDALL. Jf I thought the gentle-
an rom Massachusetts was sincere in what
he is saymg I would agree to sit here and listen
to him for an hour.
Mr. DAWES. I say in reference to this
'ase, as it seems to be admitted ail around,
is rnan is an American citizen; it is not
necessary to consume further time in the dis-
cussion, but let us come to a vote 011 the res-
j ou; "bile we are wasting time in this
discussion it is forgotten this Ameiioan citizen
