1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1893
suit against a Federal officer for an act done
by virtue of bis office might be transferred to
the Federal courts without impropriety, because
questions of the powers of the Inderal Gov-
ernment and the construction of its law must
ultimately be determined by the Federal tri-
bunals.
But here is a bill providing generally that
if any alien bring suit in the courts of a State
against any non-resident of the State he may
find there, the non-resident may transfer the
suit to the Federal court. As the bill comes
from the committee it was so drawn that if
an alien sued two partners, one of whom was
a non-resident, the action might be perpetually
hung up. For the non-resident could take it to
the Federal court, which could have no juris-
diction of the resident partner. The bill has
now been modified by my amendment so as to
be limited to a sole defendant, which frees it
of that embarrassment. Still, it proposes a
law by which any alien who catches a man
who owes him a debt, anywhere'in the United
States, and sues hira there, cannot have the
benefit of the State courts whose jurisdiction
he sought, but must go, if the defendant de-
sires, into the Federal court, no matter how
inconvenient or oppressive that may prove.
In many States this would work hardship;
for instance, in those States in which defend-
ants cannot interpose defenses against an action
unless he swears to his defense. For in these
States by this law the action would be trans-
ferred to the Fedeial courts, where no such
rule prevails, and the defendant thus left at
liberty to delay the plaintiff by sham defenses.
That is the reason why I am opposed to this
bill even as amended; and I should much
prefer, if there is a particular necessity for the
protection of Mr. Boutwell, as suggested, that
a particular bill for his case be passed.
Mr. KERR. I move to amend the substi-
tute by inserting after the word '' action," in
the first line, " for or on account of any act
done by him under or in pursuance of his office,
or under color thereof;" so that it shall read,
" that whenever a personal action for or on
account of any act done by him under or in
pursuance of his office, or under color thereof,
has been or shall be brought," &c.
That will make the bill conform to a similar
bill heretofore enacted by Congress, and will
merely protect the Secretary of the Treasury
agaiust this action.
This action is pending against him because
he is the Secretary of the Treasury. This man
alleges a very foolish claim against him, be-
cause he says that he appropriated an inven-
tion in finance of his, a very absurd thing.
Mr. COX. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, I desire, to say a word. I
do not see that this bill is objectionable, and I
expect to vote for it. I think the Secretary
of the Treasury is entitled to that protection
which the courts of the United States can give
to an officer of the United States. This is an
extraordinary suit brought by a man of the
natne of Gallagher against the Secretary of the
Treasury, in which he claims $200,000 damages
for an alleged non-fulfillment of contract in
regard to the scheme ol financial operations
which the claimant states he submitted to the
Secretary in 1869. He proposed by his plan
to stop all gambling in gold, and his claim
would be a very valuable one if he had stopped
gambling in gold, but he has not.
He proposed to save to the mercantile pub-
lic annually $60,000,000, and to increase.the
national commerce to the same extent. He
proposed to produce annually $25,000,000 in
the way of customs duties, which is certainly
a very valuable claim if substantiated. He
proposed that the payment of duties should
be in gold instead of currency, with a saving,
as he claims, ot $140,000,000, and various
other things which all together would produce
a saving equal to one half of the national debt.
Now, because Mr. Boutwell adopted these
extraordinary propositions, or some of them,
this man has brought a civil action against
him in the supreme court of the State of
New York. Now, I think we should protect
our Secretary of the Treasury by allowing
him to take the suit up to a court which is
under the control in one regard of the Federal
judiciary. I believe this bill to be just and
fair. I would prefer, however, to have the
word "alien" stricken out, because it looks
like a discrimination against one class of peo-
ple. I will vote for the bill, because L think
our officers, I do not care of what political
party, are entitled to the protection of the
laws.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] will not insist upon
his amendment. As to the amendments of
my honorable friend from New York, [Mr.
Potter,] who is a member of the Committee
on the Judiciary, they accord with my own
judgment to make this remedy for persons
who are officers of the United States. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] has
leally anticipated the reason and necessity for
this legislation. This bill leaves an officer of
the United States to be sued in common with
other citizens of the United States, in the
State of his residence. But it very wisely pro-
vides that where he is sued in a State not his
residence by an alien, which, in the language
of the Constitution, means the subject of a
foreign Power, and inasmuch as those suits may
be multipled by the whole number of the States
in the Union, thereby drawing a public officer
entirely from the discharge of his public duties
and forcing him to attend at the same time
upon the sittings of the courts of all the States
of the United States—the bill provides that
in that case he may carry his cause to a court
of the United States.
In regard to the amendment suggested by
my friend from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] I have
this to say: it is in the power of the plaintiff
to omit altogether the official character of the
officer, and in the city of New York I under-
stand that very thing has been done. The
result will be that on the face of the record
there will be nothing upon which to carry the
case up to the circuit court.. I know the gen-
tleman may .say that the defendant could show
that fact. But 1 have this to say : that no
hardship can ensue to anybody by the passage
of this bill, because it stands within the ori-
ginal intent of the Constitution of the United
States and of the statutes, that where an alien
brings an action against a citizen of the United
States in a State court the power of the judi-
ciary of the State may be extended over him.
This bill cannot work any kind of injustice to
anybody, as I have already said, and for rea-
sons that I have intimated I hope the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] will not be adopted.
As to the amendments of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Potter,] I think
they are exceedingly right and proper. 1
think it is well enough, as the matter now
stands, to limit this jurisdiction to cases in
which officers of the United States or civil
officers are parties and sole defendants. To
be sure, if it is the pleasure of the House to
put on the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana, and it shall turn out that in this
particular case the lecord discloses the official
character of the defendant, it may work no
harm; and I apprehend my friend from Indi-
ana does not intend any harm to be done by
his amendment. But in hastily looking over
the case put in my hand, I see no line dis-
closing the official character of the defendant.
And if the official character of the defendant
is not disclosed on the record, or if the record
does not show that the act charged was done
in his capacity as an officer, then the court
below will have cognizance of the whole ques-
tion as a question of fact, to determine whether
he is charged or attempted to be charged
with any act done, or attempted to be done,
in regatd to his office. It is fit and proper
that in these lawsuits a court of the United
States should be permitted to take cognizance
of all these cases, in accordance with the
original text of the Constitution.
And now one word more. The actof 1833,
in which is involved the principle of this very,
bill, was an act which passed upon the motion
of a very distinguished gentleman, then a Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, a man politically of
the same school with my honorable friend from
Indiana, [Mr. Kerr;] and in saying that I
intend no reflection upon either of them. It
passed the Senate with butone dissenting vote,
and passed this House almost unanimously.
It has stood upon your statute-book now for
nearly thirty years. The only difference be-
tween the two enactments is that in this par-
ticular case we omit any provision for trying
an original question of any sort in the court
below, merely allowing the defendant to set
up the fact that he is an officer of the Uniied
States. For the reason I have already stated,
there ought not to be delay. This measure
certainly reflects in no wise upon the State
tribunal in New York more than it does upon
the tribunals in Ohio or any other State of the
U nion.
Mr. POTTER. I wish to say but a single
word further. I did not make the point which
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] has
made by his amendment, because I knew he
was about to offer it. I differ with my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] who thinks that
the amendment ought not to be included in
the bill. On the contrary, I do not see any
authority on the part of Congress to pass the
bill without such an amendment. Here is an
alien who has brought suit in a State court
and the jurisdiction of that court has attached
in his favor. I should like to know how Con-
gress can have the power to dispossess the
State tribunal of its jurisdiction unless by vir-
tue of the Constitution of the United States;
and I do not see that the Constitution gives
power to Congress to take away jurisdiction
from a State court in an action brought by an
alien, except in some one of the cases specified
in that instrument. Surely the bill does not
come within the purview of the Constitution
unless the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana be adopted.
Mr. KERR. I would like to say a few
words on this question. In the first place, I
wish to suggest that if it be true, as I think it
is .not, that the record in this case does net
now disclose the official character of the Sec-
retary of t.he Treasury, then I assume that
before an issue is reached in the case, the
official character of the Secretary must become
apparent. It is impossible that these parties
shall go on to plead without disclosing the fact
that the alleged acts of the Secretary of the
Treasury have been done in his character as
a United States officer, the chief financial
officer of this Government. Without such an
allegation, the case can never proceed to any
result in the interest of the plaintiff.
Now, with iegard to the law of 1833, I want
to suggest to the House, (and nearly every
lawyer here, I have no doubt, will remember
the fact,) that that law, which is almost iden-
tical in language with my amendment, is lim-
ited to actions resulting from some act done
by the officer in pursuance of his office or
under color thereof, so as to connect the ques-
tion of jurisdiction directly with his official
character, and to give to the Federal court,
upon clear constitutional ground, jurisdiction
over the cause; the jurisdiction arising out of
an act done by the officer in pursuance or
under color of his office.
Now, what I want to accomplish by my
timendment is simply to bring this little bill
(limited as I agree it is in its scope and bear-
ing) within the clear intendment of the Con-
stitution in that respect. The provision which
I propose^to add as an amendment can in no
way hurt the Secretary of the Treasury in this
case; for, as I have already remarked, if the
