1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
denied suffrage or abridged in its enjoyment
for other reasons than participation in rebellion,
or for other crime, are wholly unreliable, and
in my judgment of no value in this business.
They do not inform us what the grounds of
denial are in the respective States. They only
inform the House that in each State there are
certain numbers of persons who are denied the
right of suffrage for reasons other than par-
ticipation in crime or in the rebellion. For
example, in my own State of Indiana this
report shows six hundred and nine persons are
denied the right to vote for other reasons than
those named. When I state to gentlemen of
this House why those six hundred and nine
are denied the right to vote, I think they will
agree that it was never intended by this amend-
ment that you should deduct those persons
from the basis of representation. Those six
hundred and nine persons are idiots or insane
persons disqualified by the laws of nature.
Are we to be punished in our representation
here for the State of Indiana because we do
not suffer those insane and idiotic persons to
go to the polls and vote? It is equally true,
1 have no doubt, that a large per cent, of all
these denials in all the other States is for
these same reasons of idiocy and insanity.
And shall it be said that a State shall be de-
nied representation here because it prescribes
the qualification of sanity as a basis for a right
to vote, because its law recognizes sanity as
needful for the safe and proper exercise of the
sacred franchise of suff'iage? Surely that will
not be attempted.
It may be said by gentlemen on the other
side that if we concede the right of a State to
require the payment of a tax at all it follows
logically that a State may require the payment
of a tax of any amount it pleases, and thus
may make the amount of the tax an engine
of oppression and tyranny. In reply I have
only to say that from arguments of that kind
Congress does not and cannot acquire power.
We must get our power from the letter and
from the intent and meaning of the Constitu-
tion. If a State government attempts an act
of that kind it will become instantly odious in
the State itself, and its own people will com-
bine and agitate against it, and require that
such legislation shall be reversed, and that the
popular rights of the people of the country
in the matter of suffrage shall be protected
and maintained under all circumstances. But
I say that those regulations to which I have
referred, including this one, are not intended
to deny to any classes the right of suffrage
absolutely or unconditionally. It appears to
me fair to assume that the effect, the legal and
constitutional effect, of the ratification of the
fifteenth amendment, as I before said, is to
supersede and practically to do away with the
second section of the fourteenth amendment;
because, under the fifteenth amendment, no
State hereafter can do any of those things
which would involve a denial of the right of
suffrage to classes of its people for reasons
based upon coior, or race, or nationality, or
any qualities that belong to them personally.
Mr. Chairman, I want to say a few woras,
and then I shall be done, in reference to
an amendment which my colleague [Mr.
Niblaok] proposes, at the proper time, to
introduce. That amendment relates to the
number of persons of whom this body shall
consist. This is in itself an exceedingly inter-
esting and important inquiry, which touches
very closely the welfare and safety of the
country and of our institutions. It is due to
our consciences and to our country that, in the
solution of this question we shall suffer no
considerations or motives to control us except
such as relate to the welfare of the whole
country. No mere policy of State pride, or a
desire to gain a member for a State, or to take
one from the number any State may now have,
should be tolerated for a moment. So long
as Representatives arc distributed to the
States on the basis of population no injustice
can be done. The only just and worthy ques-
tion for us to ask and answer is, how numer-
ous a representative body do the interests
of the whole country demand; how many
Congressmen are necessary to transact the
national business, and protect the liberties
and institutions of the people; how many
servants do the people require in this House
to render it most serviceable to them ? In my
judgment it is large enough now.
Heretofore we have got alongvery well with
two hundred and forty-one members. The dis-
tricts which that number respectively represent
are not territorially very large. If we con-
tinue that number those districts will be made
no larger ; they will be made territorially no
smaller. But when we reflect that since the
last decade our country, in all the means of
intercommunication, has advanced beyond all
precedent in its previous historj', it follows
that practically since that time the districts
have become smaller, that is to say, the facili-
ties for close and familiar acquaintance of the
members with the different parts, pursuits and
interests of their constituents throughout their
districts have very greatly increased. No gen-
tleman here can say that he does not possess
to-day better facilities, more complete means
of communication, with a more thorough
knowledge of all the relations and interests
and pursuits and wishes of the people of his
district than he could have done ten years ago.
Why, then, should we now increase the num-
ber of Representatives and the number of dis
triets in order to secure a full and sufficient
representation upon this floor? I can see no
reason.
It is sometimes claimed that as you enlarge
a legislative body you improve its conduct and
enable it better to represent the people. That
is done only to the extent of requiring a medium
or moderate number, such a number as will
enable the whole body to gather needful in-
formation concerning the wants and conditions
of the different sections and people of the
country. I think it is vain to assume that if
this House were more numerous than it is it
would any better understand the demands of
the country than it does, or any more effi-
ciently discharge its duties, or give any more
faithful attention to curient business of the
House. I think the contrary results would
follow. There would be less attention, more
confusion, more idleness, more vice and igno-
rance, and the public interests would be more
neglected or abused.
Mr. MAYNAUD. I will ask the gentleman
whether he thinks that any State now has too
numerous a representation ?
Mr. IvBRR. Mr. Chairman, in answer to
the question of the gentleman, I have to say
that I have no doubt that the representation
as now distributed to the country is not fair,
is not as it ought to be. The changed rela-
tions of the States to each other in population,
industries, development of resources, and rela-
tive strength during the last decade, do require
a readjustment of representation in order to
do justice to all. This readjustment would do
injustice to none. It would simply execute
the Constitution. It would distribute repre-
sentation on the basis of the census of 1870.
That is what the Constitution requires. If
that should reduce the number of Representa-
tives from any State, it would do that State no
wrong, but only restore the true and proper
relations among them all.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will ask the gentleman
if he thinks that the State of Maryland is dis-
proportionately represented now, represented
out of proportion to the wants and material
interests of her people, and if not, why not
allow that State to retain the representation
which she now has, increasing that of other
portions of the country so as to produce the
equality we all insist upon and contemplate?
Mr. KERR, I say that if Maryland has
increased in her population and material inter-
ests, and in her importance generally, it is
equally true that other States and sections of
the country have done the same thing, and so
long as we adhere to the rule of numbers,
which we must do always in distributing rep-
resentation, the State of Maryland will have
no just ground of complaint whether her num-
ber of Representatives be increased or dimin-
ished. If by adopting two hundred and forty-
one as our basis she be allowed one Repre-
sentative less than she has now, she will not
be injured, her relative strength here will riot
be less than it ought to be, and the same rule
will apply to all the other States. In the State
of Indiana we have multiplied in population
by nearly twenty five per cent, during the last
decade, yet this apportionment as now pro-
posed willonly give us one additional member ;
but if the number is retained as at present,
at two hundred and forty-one, Indiana will
acquire no additional member upon this floor.
I say that is right. It is right by the code by
which we must be governed, and it will leave
lier still an entirely sufficient and satisfactory
representation in this body.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is not merely a ques-
tion of equality. It is a question of expedi-
ency, to get such representation as will ade-
quately express the wants of every section of
the country.
Mr. KERR. That brings me to what I in-
tend to make my second observation on this
subject, and it is that I would hold represent-
ation to be too small, too limited, if it consti-
tuted a body of such small numbers as would
not be able, without over-work, properly and
fully to attend to, consider, carefully invest-
igate, and determine all the interests of a great
country. Now, my judgment is that the pres-
ent number fully and sufficiently attains this
result. I think that if all the two hundred
and forty-one members of this House will per-
forin their duties to their constituents, and to
the country at large, the countiy will have
no occasion to complain, or to find fault that
they have too little representation in this
body.
I believe that any material increase of the
number of members in this House would have
a tendency, not to diminish idleness and inat-
tention to business here, but very effectively
and directly to encourage such conduct. What
the people need is the more faithful services
of the members they have. They need more
industry, more willinguesa to perforin severe
and painstaking labor, more intelligent in-
vestigation and study of the laws, institutions,
and demands of our country, and more thor-
ough comprehension of economic principles
and questions. These cannot be secured by
mere increase of Congressmen, but rather by
the people selecting better and abler men to
represent them. I would rather reduce than
increase the number. I believe it is a prin-
ciple in such interests that as you reduce the
number of the body to a certain reasonable
standard you increase the efficiency of the
Representatives, the dignity and responsibility
of the office, and'that the people will the more
certainly appreciate the importance of select-
ing their best and-most useful citizens to serve
them here.
I have often heard it said, Mr. Chairman,
that we may with propriety look to the Parlia-
ment of Great Britain for analogies to guide
us in the determination and settlement ot this
question. I think this is an error. There is
no nation whose institutions in this iespect
it would be safe or wise for us to follow. They
all organize their Governments on very differ-
! ent and inconsistent principles. Their polit-
ical institutions are not truly representative—■
they are mixed.
In this country we should never forget that
we have a General Government, to which the
: people of the country have delegated certain
i limited and specified powers, and that all of
