1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1003
ing in value to not less than hundreds of mil-
lions of dollars, have been sold by the Govern-
ment during the last Sve years, and the amount
so realized has been expended in addition to
all the appropriations made by Congress, so
that Congress, representatives of the people,
and presumed to know what is expended by
the Department, have never known how much
money has been expended. This House ought
to require the Secretary of the Navy, before
we make any further appropriation for his
Department, to tell us exactly what amount
has been expended, what property has been
sold,.and what has been done with the pro-
ceeds.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman has failed to
state that there is any law in violation ot which
the Secretary has expended one dollar. The
gentleman knows that in conformity to existing
law the Secretary has expended every dollar
he has expended, and it is entered on the
books of the Department, which are open to
him.
Mr. BECK. But the gentleman knows that
I cannot see them, that he cannot see them,
and if we did, we could not understand them.
Mr. DAWES. That last remark may be
very true, but that is not my fault.
Mr. BECK. No, the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts could not understand them.
Mr. DAWBS. 'But the gentleman can see
them.
Mr. BECK. Oh, yes, I can see them.
Mr. DAWES. They are open to everybody.
Mr. BECK. I would ask the gentleman, is
it not time that the proceeds of all these sales
have to be added to the appropriations to
get at the amount of money expended by the
Department, and would not the proceeds of
such sales amount to hundreds of millions
of dollars more than the appropriations? The
Secretary can give us that information if we
require it.
Mr. HALE. There are several gentlemen
who wish to speak upon this bill for a short
time. That being the case, I will not myself
take up more of the time of the committee now,
but will yield to the gentleman from Connec-
ticut, [Mr. Starkweather.]
Mr. STAKKWEATHER. I wish to make
a few remarks on this subject.
Mr. HALE. I would inquire of the Chair,
how much time is left of the two hours and a
half allowed by the House for general debate?
The CHAIRMAN. There is twenty minutes'
time remaining.
Mr. HALE. I will yield to the gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather] for
ten minutes.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. In the absence
of the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, [Mr. Scofield,] who by order of the
House is charged with an investigation now
being conducted in a distant State, I desire to
say a word in regard to the subject of the con-
struction of vessels, and also m regard to the
subject of the sale of vessels and other mate;
rial that have been disposed of by the Navy
Department. Perhaps the Committee of the
Whole are aware that several bills have been
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
one introduced by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] one introduced by
his colleague, [Mr. Basks,] one introduced
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Negley,] and perhaps some introduced by
other members. Those bills have been taken
up by our committee and have had a very full
and thorough investigation, and I think the
result to which the committee has arrived
from that investigation is in entire harmony
with the line of remarks in that respect made
by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale.]
We have now in the Navy some forty-five
vessels that for all practical purposes are use-
less, and merely the cause of bills of expense;
and I think that even more may be said : that
because of the want of power to construct new
vessels during the past few years more money
has been expended in refitting old vessels than
it would have cost to have built vessels that
would be much more useful and serviceable,
and that are much more needed in the Navy,
and vessels of an entirely better class than
those that we now have. For instance, on a
single vessel that could be named some six or
eight hundred thousand dollars have been
expended for refitting and repairs. If that
money had been applied to the construction
of last iron vessels of the class proposed by
the bills which have been referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and which we think
can be built for less than that sum each, we
would now have a vessel of vastly more ser-
vice to the Navy than the vessel which has
been refitted and repaired at such great
expense.
During the war twenty light draft monitors
wercbuiit, some of which never sailed an inch,
never steamed an inch. They were built dur-
ing the administration of Mr. Welles, Secre-
tary of the Navy. They were incapable of
floating ; no man would ever have gone to sea
in tliem. They have never been and never will
be of any use to the Navy, and have been simply
a bill of expense.
I rise at this time, not for the purpose of
going extendedly into this matter, but to say
that the Committee on Naval Affairs, having
had before them the leading naval officers, and
the naval constructor stationed in this city,
and who is an officer of large experience, came
to the conclusion that all the testimony was
entirely in harmony with what has been said
by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hai.e,]
that the first thing to do is to authorize the
sale of this old broken-down class of vessels.
Many of them are now kept up at an expense
of $25,000, $30,000, and ^50,000, and some
of tiiem at an expense of $100,000 a year, and
they never can be of one dollar's worth ot' ser-
vice to the country in any possible emergency.
No man would think of taking a crew on board
of many of them further than from here to
Norfolk perhaps. I have here a list of some
thirty-three of those vessels of from three hun-
dred to five hundred tons, and some of them
even larger than that.
Then, beside the thirty-three vessels of that
class, there are a number of others that may
be repaired and made of some use. But I
think that the testimony of those best qualified
to judge of what our Navy should be would
be that there are some ten or fifteen vessels,
some of them of the largest class, in regard to
which the expense of repairs would amount to
at least three, four, or five hundred thousand
dollars each, and perhaps in regard to some
of them much more, that had better be dis-
posed of to-day, than for us to attempt any
repair of them. 'The Committee on Naval
Affairs have approved a bill which authorizes
the sale of vessels of that character, and unless
provision is made in some other quarter, we
also intend to favor the addition of such a
provision as the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Hale] has indicated, that whenever a sale
takes place there shall be advertisements so
as to draw out competition from a.ll quarters,
in order to realize the largest amount from
the sale of these vessels, and also requiring
a specific detailed statement concerning each
vessel in all these transactions.
I say that the Secretary of the Navy has never
been called upon for this information; but it
would be, as suggested by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] very proper that we
should have a law requiring the Secretary to
report to Congress the details m reference to
all these matters. The Secretary of the Navy
will, I know, be very glad if such a law should
be passed by Congress, and will make his
report in accordance with it.
Mr. Chairman, I send to the desk, to be
read by the Clerk, a list of vessels unfit for
repairs, with the tonnage of each.
The Clerk read as follows:
, £am°■ Tonnage.
A bany 2,000
-Algoma.  483
Camancne  4Q«
Catskill 49$
Chickasaw*   450
Cohoes    483
Delaware   2,490
Efclah  483
Galena 514
Gettysburg  51S
Guerriere 2,490
Hera  483
Iowa 2,019
Iris  483
Jason  496
Kewaydin*  540
Klamath  483
ICoka....,  483
Lehigh  496
Marietta*  295
Minnetonka  483
Modoc    483
Montauk  496
Nahant  496
Nantucket  49i5
Napa ! 483
Nausett  483
Nevada   2,019
Niagara 2.938
Niobe  483
Nyack  410
Osceola.*  365
Otsego  483
Passaic  496
Piscataqua    483
Sandusky*  21)5
Severn 2,000
Shawnee  483
Suncook  4^3
Sivatara  536
Vanderbilt 3,187
Wassuc  483
Winnebago*    483
Y azoo  540
Yuma  483
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Those vessels,
numbering about forty-five, are as useless as
any wooden vessel that is abandoned entirely
for naval purposes. Indeed, as 1 understand,
they have no actual value for any purpose
except what the machinery and other mate-
rials of which they are composed might sell
for. And, Mr. Chairman, 1 have no doubt
there might be added to that list ten or fifteen
vessels which are in such a bad condition that
it would be much cheaper to build new ones
than to undertake to repair them. The bill
relating to this subject which was introduced
by the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] has
been agreed to by the Committee on Naval
Affairs ; and that bill might, if it is thought
best, be added as an amendmentto this appro-
priation bill, as has been suggested by the
gentleman from Maine, so that unless a point
of order should be raised upon it we may get
early action on the subject. 1 know that the
committee which I represent will be most glad
to concur in any such measure.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. If that proposition is intro-
duced, I hope there will be allowed additional
time to debate this question, because it is of
more importance than anything connected with
this bill.
Mr. HALE. I yield ten minutes to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. SARGENT. I suggest that the com-
mittee now rise, and that to-morrow before we
go into Committee of the Whole the House
extend for half an hour the time allowed for
general debate.
Mr. BANKS. Very well.
Mr. COX. I shall object to that unless we
on this side be allowed some little show. I
have asked five minutes to speak on this sub-
ject, and have not been able to get it.
Mr. SARGENT. Several of us want to speak
for five minutes; and possibly the House may
allow an additional hour for general debate.
At any rate, half an hour would give oppor-
tunity for a good many five-minute speeches.
With the understanding that to-morrow the
House will allow for general debate an addi-
tional half hour 
* River vessels.
