1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
Several Members. One hour.
Mr. SARGENT. I think half an hour will
be enough.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope there will be no
limitation of time. Perhaps there is nothing
which we can debate more profitably than the
questions presented by this bill.
Mr. BANKS. I think an additional hour
ought to be allowed.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Chairman, I have been
desirous that general debate should be closed
to-night; but as several gentlemen have ex-
pressed a desire to speak foraboutfive minutes
each, I hope that the time for general debate
will be extended for half an hour.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I hope the time
for general debate will be extended one hour.
Mr. BANKS. In order that the time for
general debate may be extended, I now move
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Blair,
of Michigan, reported that the Committee of
the Whole had, according to order, had the
Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the bill(H. R. No. 1191) making ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year
ending June 80, 1873,and for other purposes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. GAllFIELD, of Ohio. 1 move the
House adjourn.
enrolled bill.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that they
had examined and found truly enrolled an act
(H. R. No. 1340) for the relief of Alexander
Smith and Halcyon Skinner; when the Speaker
signed the same.
correction.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved
that the bill reported by him from the Commit-
tee on Coinage. Weights, and Measures this
morning be printed as it has been corrected.
There was no objection; and the motion was
agreed to.
The motion of Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio,
was then agreed to; and (at four o'clock and
forty minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petition's, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. AMES : The petition of the Hing-
ham Steamboat Company, for ail appropiia-
tion to improve the channel in Hingham har-
bor. Also, the petition of William Wliitton,
treasurer, and others, citizens of Hingham, in
aid of the petition of the steamboat company.
By Mr. BUFFiNTON : The memorial of
Curtis C. Howard and 12 others, citizens of
Plymouth, Massachusetts, heirs of the original
claimants, for a bill for indemnity for French
spoliations.
By Mr. BURCHARD : The petition of T.
J. Allen, of Davis, Illinois, asking that section
one hundred and sixty-two of the revised cod-
ification of the postal laws be amended.
By Mr. FINKELNBURG: The remon-
strance of James A. St. John and others, type-
founders of St. Louis, Missouri, against the
repeal or reduction of duties upon printing
types.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan : The peti-
tion of 90 citizens of Cheboygan, asking an
appropriation of 850,000 for the improvement
of Cheboygan harbor.
By Mr. GEfZ: The remonstrance of Daniel
Healy, James Hea!y,W. C. Bosset, David Lord,
D, B. Mauger, and 30 olheis, ciiizensof Berks
county, Pennsylvania, against abating or abol-
ishing the existing duties upon such articles as
are successfully produced m this country, and
praying for the repeal of all duties upon tea.
coffee, and auch other necessaries of life as
cannot be produced in the United States.
By Mr. GRIFFITH : The remonstrance of
60 citizens of Cormeautville, Crawford county,
Pennsylvania, interested in agriculture, against
any change of the existing tariff laws abating
or abolishing duties upon such articles as are
successfully produced in this country. Also,
praying for the repeal of all duties upon tea,
coffee, and such other articles of necessity or
comfort as cannot be produced in the United
States, and that Congress will take care that
duties shall be so adjusted as to encourage and
defend every home industry, and foster the
honor and interest of the American laborer.
Also, the remonstrance of 500 citizens of
Sharpsville, Mercer county, Pennsylvania,
workers in iron and coal, against any change
of the existing tariff laws, abating or abolishing
duties upon such articles as are successfully
produced in this country ; also praying for
the repeal of all duties upon tea, coffee, and
such other articles of necessity or comfort as
cannot be produced in the United States, and
that Congress will take care that duties shall be
so adjusted as to encourage and defend every
home industry, and foster the honor and inter-
ests of the American laborer.
Also, the remonstrance of 40 citizens of
West Middlesex, Mercer county, Pennsyl-
! vania, interested in the manufacture of pig
iron, against any change of the existing tariff
laws abating or abolishing duties upon such
articles as are successfully produced in this
country : also praying for the repeal of all
duties upon tea, coffee, and such other articles
of necessity or comfort as cannot be produced
in the United States, and that Congress will
take care that duties shall be so adjusted as
to encouraged and defend every home indus-
try, and foster the honor and interests of the
American laborer.
By Mr. H1BBARD : The memorial of Fred-
erick B. Didier, of Poitsmouth, New Hamp-
shire, praying indemuity for Fiencli spolia-
tions.
By Mr. MERCUR: The remonstrance of
Michael Tracey and 146 others, workers in
Bloom furnace. Bloomsburg, Columbia county,
Pennsylvania, against the change in the tariff
laws abating duties on articles successfully
produced in this country urged by the Free-
Trade League, and praying the repeal of all
duties on tea, coffee, and such other articles
as cannot be produced in the United States;
and also for such adjustment of duties as will
encourage and defend every home industry,
and foster the honor and interests of the
American laborer
j By Mr. MONROE: The petition of E. G.
! Johnson and 39 others, citizens of Elyria,
j Lorain county, Ohio, praying Congress to
retain tariff duties upon such articles as are
successfully produced in this country, and to
repeal the duties upon tea and coffee
"Also, the petiiion of William Jones and 23
others, citizens of Black river. Lorain county,
Ohio, asking Congress to make an appropria-
tion lor the improvement of Black river harbor.
Also, the petition of R. H. Penfield and
others, citizens of Elyria, Lorain county, Ohio,
praying Congress to make an appropriation
for the improvement of the harbor of Black
river.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The petition of Charles
Hebding, S. Seiberiich, Henry Myers, John
C. Siner, and 2G3 others, journeymen cigar-
makers and manufacturers of cigars of the
tliird congressional district of Pennsylvania,
praying an increase of tariff on imported cigars.
Also, the petition of Alfred H. Love, Henry
T. Child, Sarah T. Rogers, Anna T. Shourds,
and 417 others, members of the Universal
Peace Union, for the passage of the bill of
lion. .Tons B. Storm, of Pennsylvania, to
reduce taxation, to promote peace, and for
other purposes ; tur the giadual abolition of
the Array and Navy; proposing that foreign
Powers be invited to join in a general dis-
amament and system of international arbitra-
tion, and asking for the passage of an amend-
ment repealing the war clauses of the Consti-
tution.
By Mr. PACKARD; The petition of W. J.
Huff, of Monticello, Indiana, asking such
change in the postal laws as will enable pub-
lishers of newspapers to receive papers with
one side printed at the same rates of postage
as newsdealers are required to pay on period-
icals.
By Mr. SPEER, of Georgia: The petitions
of John Jones and Nathan C. Barnett, of
Baldwin county, Georgia, asking the removal
of their political disabilities.
By Air. UPSON: The remonstrance of the
Lumber Board of Trade of Cleveland, against
the free importation of lumber from the ports
of Canada to Chicago.
Also, the petition of E. O. Knox, publisher
of the Cuyahoga Fails Reporter, asking an
amendment of the postal laws.
By Mr. WALDRON : The memorial of R.
F. Trevellick, of Detroit, president of the
National Labor Union, in favor of a protective
tariff.
Also, the memorial of John W. Daly, Daniel
Sheehan, and others, citizens of Detroit, for
the same.
Also, the memorial of Alunon T. Croul and
30 others, employes at Croul Brothers7 tannery,
at Detroit, for the same.
Also, the memorial of A. C. McGraw and
others, of Detroit, for the same.
Also, the memorial of R. L Root and others,
of Plymouth, Michigan, for the same.
Also, the petition of Japheth Cross, publisher
of the Weekly Journal at Adrian, Michigan,
and of Augustus E. Allen, publisher of the
New Era, at Morenci, Michigan, for an amend-
ment of the postal laws.
Also, the petition of C. A. Clark in regard
to the transmission of printed matter through
the mails.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio : The petition of
W. N. McGugin and 100 others, citizens of
Lawrence county, Ohio, praying the repeal of
all duties on tea and coffee, and such an
adjustment of tariff duties as shall encoui age
and defend every home industry and foster the
honor and interests of American labor.
post route bills introduced.
The following were introduced under the
rule, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads:
By Mr. CONNER: A bill to establish cer-
tain post roads in the State of Texas.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan: A bill to
establish certain mail routes in the State of
Michigan.
By Mr. HARPER: A bill to establish a
post route from Warm Springs to Spring
Creek, North Carolina.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: A bill to extend
post route No. 3020 from Beallsviile, via Zol-
larsville, Carig's Gap, and Martinsville, to
Waynesburg, Pennsylvania.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday. February 14, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
Ihe Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
petitions and .memorials.
Mr. ANTHONY presented resolutions
passed by the General Assembly of Rhode
Island, in relation to indemnity for French
spoliations on American commerce; which
were ordered to lie on the tabic, and be
printed.
Mi. CARPENTER presented a resolution
of the Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of
the passage by Congress of what is known as
the Chicago relief bill; which was ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
