1900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
record be now imperfect in this respect, it
must, of necessity be made full as the case pro-
ceeds toward an issue. Even if the plaintiff
should fail to disclose in his pleading the char-
acter of the defendant, the latter will cer-
tainly not fail in his answer to disclose the
character in which he has acted in whatever
ha bas done, and then it will become apparent
to the court that here is a cause of action in
which, by reason of the official character of
one of the parties, a Federal court may right-
fully acquire jurisdiction. That is the whole
object ot my amendment. I think it ought to
prevail.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. POTTER. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds will he allow me to have read an extract
from a decision of the Supreme Court in the
case of Peck et al. vs. Jenuess et al., in 7
Howard, 024?
The Clerk read as follows :
" It is adoctrine of law too long established to re-
quire citation of authorities, that, where a court has
jurisdiction, it has a rig lit to decide every question
which occurs in the cause; and whether its decision
be correct or otherwise, its judgment, till reversed,
is regarded as binding in every other court; and
that, where the jurisdiction of a court, and the right
ot a plaintiff to prosecute his suit in it, have once
attached, that right cannot be arrested or taken
away by proceedings in another court. These rules
have their foundation, not merely in comity, but in
necessity. For if one may enjoin, the other may re-
tort by injunction, and thus the parties be without
remedy, being liable to a process for contempt in
ono if they dare to proceed in the other. Neither
can one take property from the custody of the other
by replevin or any other process for this would pro-
duce a conflict extremely embarrassing to the ad-
ministration of justice."
The SPEAKER. The Chair must advise
the gentleman from Ohio that at two o'clock
the business of the District of Columbia comes
tip for consideration, to the exclusion of all
other business, and unless this is disposed
of by that time it will necessarily have to go
over.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I do not
desire to delay the House further than to make
this remark : what the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Potter] has had read by the Clerk
is the law, but the court ceases to have the
jurisdiction in the case supposed if this bill
shall become a law. In regard to the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerr,] as well as of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Potter,] en the constitutional
power to pass the bill, I beg leave to refer to
the first paragraph of the second section of
the third article of the Constitution, which," in
my judgment, grants the power to Congress to
make this legislation. It will be seen that this
clause does extend the judicial power of the
United States to cases wherein a State of this
Union is a party, or a citizen of a State of the
Union and the subject of a foreign Power are
parties.
I am willing, at all events, to have that
question tried, whether Congress has not the
power so to legislate. I will read the para-
graph :
" The judicial power shall extend to all cases in
law and equity, arising under this Constitution, the
laws of the United States, and treaties made, or
which shall bo made, under their authority; to all
cases affecting embassadors, other public ministers,
aim consuls; to all cases of admiralty and maritime
jurisdiction; to controversies to which the United
fotates shall be a party; to controversies between two
or more States; between a State and citizens of
another State; between citizens of different States-
between citizens of the same State claiming lands
under grants of differen t States, and between a State,
or the citizens thereof and foreign States, citizens, or
subjects."
_ Between the citizen of a State and a for-
eign subject is the provision on which I rest
the power. Now, an alien is a foreign subject
or he is not an alien. In my judgment there
is no room for any constitutional scrupled
about it.
I object to the amendment of my friend
from Indiana for the reason, as I understand
it, that under the code of New York the record
may not disclose the official relation of the
Secretary of the Treasury, and from anything
I have seen to-day it does not disclose it; and
the result of the amendment,, if adopted, will
be, I fear, to leave the Secretary of the Treas-
ury no right or power to have the case removed
to the United States court. If this is not a
valid act, when we pass it the Senate will find
it out; or if it becomes a law, the Supreme
court will determine whether it is constitu-
tional. The law of 1833 was limited by the
words " under color of his office." That act
provided for a removal when both parties were
citizens of the same State.
Mr. COX. I wish to otter an amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I must now call the pre-
vious question, hoping that the amendment of
my friend from New York will be agreed to,
and that the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana will be rejected.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
announced the amendment of the gentleman
from New York as having been agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well.
Mr. COX. I desire to move an amendment,
in these words:
_ And the court may make a summary examina-
tion to ascertain it such action is brought upon any
cause arising out of official relations, in case such
fact is not disclosed by the record.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot agree to any
more amendments. I object to the gentle-
man's amendment, and insist on my demand
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The question first recurred on Mr. Kerr's
amendment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
52, noes 56 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, appointed
Mr. Kerr and Mr. Bingham tellers.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes fifty-five, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
The substitute, as amended, was agreed to;
and then the bill, as amended, was ordered to
a third reading; and it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mining statistics.
Mr. WALDRON_, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was,
under the law, referred to the Committee on
Printing:
JScsoM, That there be printed of the last report
ot the United States commissioner on mining sta-
tistics, with t.ho accompanying engravings, sis thou-
sand copies for the House of Uepresentatives, three
thousand copies for the Senate, one thousand copies
lor the ireasury Department, and two hundred and
iilty copies tor the us© of commissioner.
assay office at helena.
Mr. WALDRON, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Mines and Mining,
reported a bill (H. It. No. 2056) to establish
an assay office at Helena, in the Territory of
Montana; which was read a first and second
time, recommitted to the same committee,
and ordered to be printed.
direct importations.
Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial of the National Board of
Trade, in regard to direct importations; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
fourth district louisiana.
Mr. SYPHER, b37 unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
llesolved, That the Doorkeeper be instructed to
deliver to the sitting membersof Louisiana the pro-
portion of books due to tiio fourth district, now
vacant; said books to bo distributed by them to
residents of eaiu fourt district.
shipping commissioners.
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
that the bill relating to shipping commission-
ers, which was under consideration of the
House yesterday, be reprinted. _ 1 find that
the supply has run out, and I desire that the
bill shall be printed a second time, the usual
number of copies being supplied.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
leave to print.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
have a speech printed in the Globe. Two
weeks ago I had occasion, in addressing the
House, to allude to the public expenditures.
The remarks I then made attracted the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on
Finance in the other body. I now desire to
print a few additional remarks on the same
subject.
There was no objection; and leave was
given. [See Appendix.]
session of saturday.
Mr. DAWES. I now desire to make a
privileged motion. I move that the session
of to-morrow be devoted to debate only, as
in Committee of the Whole, no business what-
ever to be transacted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
business os the territories.
Mr. TAFPE. I have a request to make on
behalf of the Committee on the Territories. By
order of the House the committee is entitled
to the floor on Tuesday next, to the exclusion
of all other business. I desire that instead
of Tuesday next, Tuesday of next week be
assigned to the committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is advised that
what is proposed by the gentleman from Ne-
braska [ Mr. TaffeJ will not interfere with any
other order. Is there objection to the gentle-
man's proposition? The Chair hears none.
b r. isherwood.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Htsolved, That theSecretary of the Navy is hereby
directed to transmit to this House the report of Chief
iiugineer Jj. F. Isherwood, of experiments on the
coals ot the Pacific coast.
alaska.
Mr. COGHLAN. I ask unanimous consent
to recall from the Committee on the Territo-
ries a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
m reference to the inhabitants of Alaska,
communicated to the House yesterday, and
tbatit be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is advised that
the more proper reference of the communica-
tion is to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Is there objection to the change ol reference
proposed by the gentleman from California,
[Mr Coghlan?] The Chair hears none.
mississippi river.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in relation to the present condi-
tion of the Mississippi river between Alton and
St. iiouis; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Ohio, by
unanimous consent, leave was given to with-
draw froni the files of the House papers in
the case of A. G. Corlius.
leave op absence.
By unanimous consent leave of absence was
granted to Mr. T'uthill until Saturday of
next week.
