108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
those powers are of a general and national
character. It is no part of the duty of a Rep-
resentative in this House to understand in
detail or minutely all of the local relations,
social, domestic, and material interests of the
people, because those things, and questions
arising oat of them, and the action which
should be based upon them for the advance-
ment of the interests of society, pertain to the
duties of the representatives of the people in
the Legislatures of the respective States, and
not to Representatives in Congress. But in
foreign nations there is no system of local gov-
ernments by States, counties, and municipali-
ties such as we have in the United States.
When you refer to the Parliament of Great
Britain, you find that the number of the House
of Commons is now six hundred and fifty-eight,
and of the House of Lords four hundred and
sixty. And the power of Parliament, in the
language of Lord Coke, is " so transcendent
and absolute as that it cannot be confined,
either as to causes or persons, within any
limit." But tha£ is not the case in this coun-
try, thank God; it is rapidly becoming so, I
am afraid, but it is not so yet. Let us at least
try to respect the boundaries which limit our
powers.
It becomes us to legislate with reference to
the institutions of the country and the Con-
stitution as it stands, remembering that our
duties are of that general character. And be-
sides, many gentlemen on this floor will bear
me testimony, because they knoweither from
personal observation or intelligent inquiry, that
that great number of representatives in the
House of Commons of Great Britain is con-
trolled in all of its public conduct and actions
by less than fifty members. The House of
Commons cannot conveniently seat more than
one third of the number of members of which
it is composed. During much observation of
the proceedings of that House, in the closing
days of an important and excited session, I
never saw two hundred members in the House
of Commons at one time.
Mr. POTTER. By the rules of the House
of Commons forty members constitute a quo
ram for public business, and twenty for private
bills, while under our Constitution a quorum
of this House must embrace a majority of its
members.
Mr. KERR. I am obliged to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Potter] for his sugges-
tion. Forty men of the six hundred and fifty-
eight of whom the House of Commons consists
constitute a quorum ; and they may, and prac-
tically do, transact the business of that king-
dom. But it is to be further remarked, that
the members of Parliament give their services
without compensation or salary. Much of the
membership in Parliament is merely nominal,
hereditary, and practically indifferent to the
actual duties of the office, and not expected
to be otherwise.
In this country it is entirely different. All
representation is actual, is expected to be
active, earnest, and watchful, is based upon
contract and the highest obligations, is paid
for, is not suffered to rest on hereditary right
or upon royal grant.
\V e ^ are not only paid pecuniarily, but in
that higher compensation which every honor-
able Representative appreciates as infinitely
more valuable than the dollars and cents he
may receive for his services here. The Rep-
resentative here has every honotable induce-
ment to devote all his energies and talents to
the discharge of his duties. Let us not weaken
this motive by increasing the number.
Mr. Chairman, before I sit down I wish, in
this connection, to call the attention of the
gentlemen of the committee to a very signifi-
cant and emphatic' opinion on this subject
expressed by Mr. Madison in the fifty-eighth
number of the Federalist. I wish to read
a brief extract from that letter in reference to
the subject I am now considering. It appears
to me to be exceedingly pertinent, and almost
prophetic in its wisdom and foresight:
" In all legislative assemblies, the greater the
number composing them may be, the fewer will be
the men who will in fact direct their proceedings.
In the first place, the more numerous any assembly
may be, of whatever characters composed, the
greater is known to be the ascendency of passion
over reason. In the next place, the larger the num-
ber the greater will be the proportion of members
of limited information and of weak capacities.
Sow,.it is precisely on characters of this description
that the eloquence and address of thefewareknown
to act with all their force. In the ancient republics,
where the whole body of the people assembled in
person, a single orator or an artfnl statesman was
generally seen to rule with as complete a sway as if
a scepter had been placed in his single hands. On
the same principle, the more multitudinous a rep-
resentative assembly may be rendered, the more it
will partake of the infirmities incident to collective
meetings of the people.
" Ignorance will be the dupe of cunning, and pas-
sion the slave of sophistry and declamation. The
people can never err more than in supposing that
by multiplying their Representatives beyond a cer-
tain limit, they strengthen the barrier against the
government of the few. Experience will forever
admonish them that on the contrary, after securing
a sufficient number for the purposes of safety, of
local information, and of diffusive sympathy with the
whole society, they will counteract their own views
by every addition to their Representatives. The
countenance of the Government may become more
democratic, but the soul that animates it will be
more oligarchic. The machine will be enlarged,
but the fewer and often the more secret will be the
springs by which its motions are directed."
This was written, Mr. Chairman, with refer-
ence to a then pending proposition that the
House of Representatives of the first Congress
of the United States should consist of sixty-
five members. It is true that that number
was intended to represent only the thirteen
original States ; but the present number of
two hundred and forty-one members, consider-
ing the greater extent and population of our
country and our wonderful means of inter-
communication, is fully equal in all essential
respects to the basis then adopted.
I think, therefore, that there should be no
increase in the number of Representatives of
whom this body shall consist under the new
apportionment. Hence, I earnestly hope that
my colleague [Mr. Niblack] will introduce at
the proper time his amendment, and that it
will meet the favor of the House. This body
costs the people enough already. There is no
necessity to multiply its numbers and its cost.
It is demanded by no public interests.
There are some other points to which I
intended to refer, but there are several other
gentlemen who desire to speak, especially the
gentleman^ from New York, [Mr. Cox,] to
whom I yield any time that 1 have remain-
ing.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Before the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] takes his seat,
I desire to ask him whether the legislation
in those States having the most numerous
legislatures has not been as wise as in those of
States having small legislative bodies?
Mr. KERR. Mr. Chairman, my judgment
is that no answer pertinent to this investiga-
tion can be made to that inquiry. The con-
duct of State Legislatures has been extremely
different in the different States. In other
wx>rds, I believe that the conduct of the local
Legislatures in the various States of this Union
has not been determined by their numbers at
all. _ I believe that in every one of them the
Legislature is quite numerous enough, while
in many of them it is entirely too large; but I
believe it is emphatically true (and I think my
friend from Illinois will agree with me in this)
that quite other circumstances and causes have
tended to bring about the inefficiency, the
worthlessness, the corruption, the demoralized
and infamous conduct that have of late charac-
terized some of our State Legislatures; and I
refer now more particularly to those in the
South, though some in the North have not
done much better.
Mr. BARNSWQRTH. That has not re-
sulted, however, from the number constituting
fhe legislative bodies.
Mr. KERR. I think it has not, Therefore
I think the gentleman's inquiry has no perti-
nence to this question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then why apply
such a consideration to the House of Repre-
sentatives ?
Mr. KERR. It is our duty to fix a number,
and therefore it is our duty to adopt as near as
possible the proper number, neither more nor
less. I think the present number is quite
large enough.
Mr. COX. I would not claim the floor to-
day but that I yesterday gave a part of my
time to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shel-
labahgeb.] He was about to leave for his
home. I should have concluded my remarks
yesterday, but I was unable by reason of ill-
ness.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to
state that at his suggestion the gentleman from
New York yesterday yielded to the gentleman
from Ohio, who was obliged to leave the city
last evening.
Mr. COX. I made this explanation be-
cause I do not want to appear as seeking to
occupy too much of the time of the House
on a topic of such general interest, and when
there is such anxiety for debate.
I wish now to call attention to something
moreimportant than the argument I made yes-
terday with reference to the ratio and frac-
tions.
Let us go back to the origin of our system
of representation. I do not now undertake to
inquire into the question whether the fourteenth
amendment, concerning suffrage, was or is an
outrage. Democrats are presumed to have
accepted the amendments, including the four-
teenth. We have accepted them in good faith.
Hence, I charged yesterday that gentlemen on
the other side have made a'1 departure.'' They
have on this measure made a hurried departure
from their favorite amendment. I refer to the
fourteenth. I made my argument yesterday
on the construction made by gentlemen on
the other side as to the meaning of the word
" abridged." In my judgment, after looking
into it exhaustively, there is no way of getting
over it, or under it, or arouud it.
The word ''abridge," accordingto Webster's
Dictionary, means "tolessen, to diminish; as
to abridge labor, to abridge power or rights,"
so that when the fourteenth amendment says
that you shall not ''abridge in any way" the
right of suffrage without loss of representa-
tion, it means that you shall not in any way
lessen or diminish the "right" of suffrage.
The only argument I propose to draw just now
from that definition is the ad hominem. If it
answers no other end it will show that Repub-
lican gentlemen, in passing the fourteenth
amendment and now discarding it in legisla-
tion, are a little too fast. They did not antici-
pate where it might strike. They should not
be surprised that it struck themselves.
Mr. Chairman, there has been a departure
in that amendment from the original constitu-
tional plan of representation. The fourteenth
amendment in its second section was an out-
rage on the representative system. It is a
"departure" from the constitutional plan of
equality. As the Government was to be s
Government of States—united States—the
greatest difficulty was in the representation of
the lower House.
To make my argument complete it, is best
to remember that, there was such a thing as
State rights when the Constitution was framed
and adopted. Although we had a General
Government, constituted by the States, it was
not destructive, but preservative of the States.
As Judge Ellsworth said, (Elliott's Debates,
144,) it is "drafted on the State governments.''
The people in 1787 wore strongly attached,
more than they are now, to their State consti-
tutions. They proposed to support a General
Government only on the pillars of the State
governments. Our name signifies this. The
