3692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
ancient Government upon the enlightened
Christian principles of which "we boast so much,
and practice so much less than we boast.
One half ofthis indemnity, $1,500,000, has
been paid. The Government of Japan, in
consequence of successive revolutions, disas-
ters, and war, found itself unable to pay in
accordance with the terms of the convention,
and asked time, which was accorded. That
extended time expires during the present
yfear, 1872, and they are still unable to pay the
full sum of indemnity, as will appear by the
documents in possession of every member of
the House. The Government of the United
States, according to the statements of Mis-
cellaneous Document No. 151, Forty-First Con-
gress, second session, has received in princi-
pal and interest from the Japanese Govern-
ment, in payment of this indemnity, $705,000.
As Mr. Seward, Secretary of State, said in
the reports transmitted to us, it has received
this money, for which this Government has
given no equivalent.
It has $705,000 certainly, and probably
$750,000 at this time invested in the bonds of
the Government, for which, as Mr. Seward
says, it has rendered no substantial equivalent.
What it did was this: when the attack was
made upon the forts of Simonoseki in 1864,
the fleets of England, France, and of the Neth-
erlands were large for the service in that part
of the world. The United States had very
little naval force there. They had one frigate,
■which was not on duty at Simonoseki, and in
order that the flag of the United States should
appear in that contest, in accordance with the
agreement with these Powers, they chartered
the merchant steamer Ta Kiang for thirty days
at a cost of $9,500. According to the letter
of the Secretary of the Navy in the docu-
ment to which I have referred, all the ex-
• penses of the operations of the Wyoming in
1863, which really have little to do with the
indemnity fund, but at any rate including ail
the cost for powder and the damages done to
the Wyoming in 1863, and the expenditures
and injuries sustained in the attack on Sim-
onoseki in 1804, do not exceed $20,000. That
is the estimate of the Navy Department.
I have carefully examined the diplomatic
correspondence for the last six or seven years
upon this subject, and I do not find a claim
asserted by our representatives in Japan at.
any time for more than thirty-two thousand
dollars as the outside, and it is certainly within
bounds to say that the entire expenditure and
loss which has been sustained by the Govern-
ment of the United States is less than forty
thousand dollars. And for this it has received,
and has now in its possession, invested in
bonds of the Government, $705,000, and prob-
ablv $750,000 at this moment.
There is a balance of $375,000 due of un-
paid installments which they arts unable to pay.
They are here seeking the favor of the Ameri-
can Government and instructions from their
Government. The Administration believes it
would be a wise policy for us to release them
from the payment of these remaining install-
ments.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a single ques-
tion?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask whether if we were to receive one
fourth of the indemnity, and England, France,
and the Netherlands were each to receive their
fourth, whether they have been paid up, or
are still unpaid?
Mr. BANKS. Their installments are still
unpaid.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And I
desire to ask further w-hether those Govern-
ments propose to remit the payment of the
unpaid installments?
Mr. BANKS. They have received from the
Japanese Government the same amounts that
we have received. But we do not know that
they have taken any steps toward the remis-
sion of the unpaid installments. This step has
been suggested to us by our Government, per-
haps in consequence of the friendly feeling
which has been manifested by the Japanese
Government, in first accrediting their embas-
sadors to us, and in consequence of the cordial
relations which are maintained between the
embassy and our Government. And the prob-
ability is that if we take this step other nations
will follow us, as they have followed our wise
example in every act which we have performed
in relation to the Japanese Government.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have one word to say
upon the character-of this indemnity. It is a
question, of course, whether we will remit the
unpaid portion or whether we will insist upon
the payment and cover it into the Treasury, or
apply it to the ordinary expenses of the Gov-
ernment. Thai brings us to the question, what
is this indemnity? And the answer is, it is blood-
money. It does not come to us in the ordinary
course of financial receipts. It does not eomc
to us in pursuance of any policy of our own or
as the result of our ideas of international
comity; it is because we were brought into an
alliance with these three European Powers,
making war in cooperation with the estab-
lished Government of Japan againstthe rebels,
compelling them to pay an indemnity, that we
now have a claim upon the Government of
Japan, which assumed that debt.
Upon the suggestion of the Secretary of
State, after these difficulties occurred, the
treaties with the United States were ratified
by the two, the executive and the spiritual
Ilea s of the Government, so that all difficul-
ties that existed previous to 1864, and out of
which grew the cotitest at Simonoseki, had
been removed. We say, then, that this is
blood-money. The policy of the European
Governments fifteen or twenty years ago was
to get possession of this empire, to divide it
among themselves, and to add its spoils to
their great and increasing wealth. That ap-
pears to have been the policy of those Gov-
ernments. We had an inkling of it here on
this continent during the rebellion which oc-
curred in this country a few years since, and
to which, perhaps, they contributed as much
as anybody. It was found that they assumed
immediately that the great Republic, as they
announced it, was destroyed. They instructed
their diplomatic officers all over the world of
that fact, with the intention, no doubt, that
the people of the different nations should be
informed that the great American Republic
was destroyed, and as soon as it appeared
that our Government was destroyed, we found
that each Government had a grip on this con-
tinent for itself.
England was on the north and south;
France and Austria were in Mexico; Spain
in the Gulf; and had it been in the providence
of God that we were to be destroyed, they
would have counted on every principal point
on the continent as a portion of their acqui-
sition and dominion. We escaped this fate as
the Chinese and Japanese escaped it. Their
escape was in some degree a result of the posi-
tion that the United States assumed. When
the Chinese, after having maintained an ex-
clusion of all connection with other States for
many hundred years, found that they were to
be destroyed, and appealed to what they call
the treaty nations, the Christian nations, for
protection, they turned to the United States
for counsel and assistance. They sent as their
ambassador, that exalted man, Mr. Burlin-
game, who had more of the spirit of harmony
in him than any man I have known in any
pursuit in life, and by his counsels, moder-
ations and wisdom they made a treaty be-
tween China and the United States which
was accepted as a model by all the principal
Governments of Europe. To that fact is due
the other important fact that China and also
Japan remain intact and perfect empires at this
day. We owe it to the memory of Mr. Bur-
lingame that we should sustain the great work
he so wisely commenced and so nobly com-
pleted. It is his monument—more enduring
than bronze or marble.
Looking, then, at their connection with us,
recognizing the fact that we brought the
Japanese into the condition that they now
occupy; that their Government is our ward;
regarding also the great benefits of our future
connection with that people, and the wonder-
ful changes that have been made in their in-
stitutions, changes that no Government has
ever paralleled since the world began; look-
ing at the facility with which they compre-
hend our institutions, our system of adminis-
tration, our literature, and our language, we
ought at least to feel a kindly and generous
sympathy for this struggling people, and there
is no better way for us to show this than to aid
them in this crisis of their destiny by comply-
ing with the recommendation of our Govern-
ment. The money they have paid us is blood-
money. It will never do us good. No pur-
pose to which we can apply it will ever mate-
rially benefit the Government. What we ought
to do with it is to' apply it to some purpose
that should be equally for the advantage of
both Governments. But we do not present
that subject now.
The simple question is whether at this fno-
ment, with their, prayed that we will relieve
therri, we be willing, in pursuance of the advice
of the executive Government, to remit the
unpaid installments of this indemnity fund.
As I said before, I shall not press this bill
against the general judgment of the House.
We have no means of knowing what the views
of members may be on this question. But we
have considered it very carefully in the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs for many weeks,
and every member of the committee on the
Democratic side and the Republican side
has given his cordial approval to it; indeed
they by a unanimous vote strengthen the bill
sent to us from the State Department by
directing the President to remit the unpaid
installments, as well as authorizing him. He
was authorized and directed by the terms of
the resolution when it first received our ap-
proval ; but on further consideration we
changed that, and we now only ask the House
to give him authority to do it if in his discretion
it shall seem wise and just.
Mr. Speaker, before I yield the floor to any
one upon this subject, I will move to recom-
mit the bill. [After a pause.] Gentlemen
all around me ask me to move the previous
question at this time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the previous ques-
tion will not now be called.
Mr. BANKS. I will yield to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] if he desires it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not desire to discuss
this subject to-night; I did not rise for that
purpose. It is a startling proposition ; I think
that to most gentlemen on this floor it is an
entirely new proposition. I never heard the
subject referred to before last night, when I
heard that some such bill as this had been
suggested. I think that nothing would display
the greatness of our Republic more than the
voluntary return of this money, if it was un-
justly taken from the Government of Japan.
And nothing could be more unworthy and
more mercenary than for us to return this
money, if it was so obtained, for the simple
purpose of obtaining commercial advantages
for this country.
But I did not rise to say even this much. I
desire to suggest to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr, Banks] inasmuch as this has
now been sprung upon this House for the first
time, and as the House is now comparatively
thin, to consent that the further consideration
ofthis matter be postponed until, say, Saturday
next, and then take it up at such hour of that
day as he may deem best.
Mr. BANKS. I would not myself object to
Such a course, except in consideration of the
