1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1005
Mr. SUMNERi I present three memorials
of type-founders and other workers in print-
ing offices in Boston, remonstrating against
any change in the tariff laws abating the duties
on printing types, now successfully produced in
American founderies, and praying for a repeal
of all duties on the raw materials used in the
production of type, namejy, tin, antimony, and
type-metal, so thathome industries may be fos-
tered and defended. I move the reference of
these memorials to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petition
of Charles C. P. Townsend, of Marlborough
county, South Carolina, praying the removal
of his political disabilities', which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Elizabeth
Lyon, of Abbeville county, South Carolina,
praying to be allowed a pension in considera-
tion of the services rendered by her late hus-
band, Joseph Lyon ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. OSBORN presented additional papers
to accompany the petition of Ellen C. Long;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. BAYARD presented a petition of ship-
owners and masters of Cape May, New Jersey,
praying an appropriation for an ice harbor at
Newcastle, Delaware; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. VICKERS presented a petition of one
hundred and seventy citizens of Cambridge
and Dorchester counties, Maiyland, praying
for an appropriation for cleaning and. deep-
ening the harbor of Cambridge ; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of Edward
Mason, late a private company C, fifty-fifth
regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, praying for
the passage of a law 1 epealing the act of July,
1804, so far as the same applies to his appli-
cation for a pension ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, late soldiers of the United States
Army, praying that a bounty of $8 33J a month
bo granted to all honorably discharged soldiers
and sailors for the entire time served, and that
the twenty-fifth section of the act of July 15,
1870, be amended so as to permit soldiers or
sailors to enter the amount of land therein
allowed without the requirements of settle-
ment and cultivation ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented two memorials of book-
sellers, manufacturers of books, and music
printers, type-founders, &c., remonstrating
against the passage of an international copy-
right law ; wh.ch were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Berks county, Pennsylvania, praying a repeal
of the duties upon tea, coS'ee, and other arti-
cles of necessity, and for such an adjustment
of the tariff' duties as will protect home indus-
try ; winch was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented the petition of Eliza T.
Phillips, ot Philadelphia, praying indemnity
for spoliations committed Ly the French prior
to the year 1801; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. THURMAN presented a petition of
Joseph Chalfaut and fifteen other soldiers of
Jefferson county, Ohio, praying that, a bounty
of $8 S3-J a month be granted to all honorably
discharged soldiers and sailors for the entire
time served, and an amendment to the twenty-
fifth section of the act approved July IS, 1870,
so as to permit soldiers or sailors to enter the
amount of land therein allowed without the
requirements of settlement and cultivation ;
■which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. FEN TON presented the petition of John
N. A. Griswold, praying indemnity for spolia-
tions committed by the French between the
years 1793 and 1801; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
He also presented the petition of Benjamin
B. F. Graves, publisher of the Condor Free
Press, of Tioga, New York, praying an amend-
ment to section one hundred and sixty-two of
the bill for the revision of the postal laws;
which was referred'to-the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. POMEROY presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Kansas, concerning the Atch-
ison, Topeka, aud Santa F6 Railroad Com-
pany, and the extension of the time for the
completion of its railroad ; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FENTON presented the memorial of
Nathan Lyman, type founder, and twenty-six
others, workers in his establishment in the city
of Buffalo, New York, remonstrating against
any change in the tariff laws abating the duties
on printing types, now successfully produced
in American founderies, and praying for a
repeal of all duties on the raw materials used
in the production of type, namely, tin, anti-
mony, and type metal, so that home industries
may be fostered and defended; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of Farmer,
Little & Co., type-founders, and one hundred
and seventy-nine others, workers in their estab-
lishment in the city ot New York, remonstrat-
ing against any change in the tariff laws abat-
ing the duties on printing types, now success-
fully produced in American founderies, and •
praying for a repeal of all duties on the raw
material used in the production of type,
namely, tin, antimony, and type-metal, so
that home industries ruay be fostered and
defended; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of George
Bruce's Son&Co., type-founders, and ninety-
nine others, workers in their establishment,
in the city of New York, remonstrating against
any change in the tariff laws abating the
duties on printing types, now successfully pro-
duced in Amerieanfounderies. and prayingfor
a repeal of all duties on the raw material used
in the production of type, namely, tin, anti-
mony, and type-metal, so that home industries
may be fostered and defended; which was
referred to the Committee ou Finance.
He klso presented the memorial of Hagar
& Co., typefounders, and fifty-one others,
workers in their establishment in the city of
New York, remonstrating against any change
in the tariff laws abating theduties on printing
types, now successfully produced in American
founderies, and praying for a repeal of ail
duties on the raw material used in the produc-
tion of type, namely, tin, antimony, and t\pe-
metal, so thathome industries may be fostered
and defended ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of Peter C.
Cortelyou, type-founder, and eleven others,
workers in his establishment in the city cf New
York, remonstrating against any change iu the
tat iff laws abating the duties on printing types,
now successtully produced in American found-
eries, and praying for a repeal ot' all duties
on the raw material used in the production of
type, namely, tin, antimony, and type-metal,
so that home industries may be fostered aud
defended ; which was leferred to the Committee
ou Finance.
He also presented the memorial of James
Conner's Sons, type-founders, and one hun-
dred and eight others, woikers in their estab-
lishment in the city of New Yoik, lemou-
strating ag-iinsr any change in the tariff laws
abating the duties on printing tvpes, now sue-
ces-fullv produced in American founderies. and
prajing for a repeal of all duti.-s on the raw
material used in the production of type, l.aim-ly,
tin, antimony, and type-metal, so dm" home
industries may be fostered and defended; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of R. &
J. & A. \V, Lindsay, type-founders, and sev-
enty-three others, workers in their establish-
ment in the city of New York, remonstrat'
ing against any change in the tariff laws abat-
ing the duties on printing types, now success'
fully produced in American founderies, and
praying for a repeal of all duties on the raw
material used in the production of type*
namely, tin, antimony, and type-tnetal, so
that home industries may ba fostered and
defended; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. AMES presented a petition of citizens
of the United States, praying an appropriation
for a Custom-house at Shieldsborough, Missis-
sippi, and that that place be made a port of
entry; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. FREL1NGHUY8EN presented the
petition of La Fayette D. Hay, of New York,
praying an amendment to section ohe hun-
dred and sixty-two of the bill for the revis-
ion and consolidation of the statutes relating
to the Post Office Department; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. BLAIR presented the memorial of Wil-
liam Bright, type-founder, and eighty-seven
other workers in his establishment in the city
of St. Louis, Missouri, remonstrating against
any change in the tariff laws abating the duties
on printing types, now successfully produced
in American foundries, and praying for a
repeal of all duties ou the raw material used
iu the production of type, namely, tin, anti-
mony, and type-metal, so that home industries
may be fostered and defended; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of James
A. St. John, John Watts, and Joseph \Y.
Stalker, type-founders in the city of St. Louis,
Missouri, remonstrating against any change in
the tariff laws abating the duties on printing
types, now successfully produced in American
founderies. and praying for o repeal of allduties
on the raw material used in the production of
type, namely, tin, antimony, and type-metal,
so that home industries may be fostered and
defended; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the memorial of
Allison. Smith & Johnson, type-founders, and
eighty-three others, workers in their establish-
ment in the city of Cincinnati, Ohio, remon-
strating against any change in the tariff laws
abating the duties on printing types, now suc-
cessfully produced in American founderies,
and praying for a repeal of all duties on the
raw material used in the production of type,
namely, tin, antimony, and type-metal, so that
home industries may be fostered and defended;
which was referred to the Committee oil
Finance.
Fie also presented the memorial of Charles
Wells, type founder, and ninety-eight others,
workers in his establishment in the city of
Cincinnati, Ohio, remonstrating against any
change in the tariff laws abating the duties on
printing types, now successfully produced in
American founderies, and praying for a repeal
of ail duties on the raw material used in the
produc.ion of type, namely, tin, antimony,
and type-metal, so that home industries may
be fostered and defended; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
.Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Polly Welch, praying for arrears of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
SALE 01' PUBLIC PROPERTY IN MAINS.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No*. 475) ro authorize the safe of public prop-
erty at Iioultou, Maine, leported it without
'"Mr. HAMLIN. That little bill will not, I
thiuk, oonsume two minutes of the time of the
