1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2797
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens |
of the United States, praying for appropriate |
legislation, so far as the juisdiction of the
General Government may extend, prohibit-
ing the manufacture, importation, and sale
of intoxicating liquors for use as a beverage
among the Indians and inhabitants of the
western Territories and the soldiers there
stationed ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying for the
passage of House bill No. 1738, allowing
totally and partially disabled soldiers and sea-
men increased pension ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of M. B.
Grier, trustee and guardian of Mary Stone
Grier and Sarah Stone Grier, minor heirs of
Samuel L. Grier, deceased, praying compensa-
tion for sixty-five bale3 of cotton ; which wa3
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of
citizens of the United Stales, praying the pas-
sage of an act to prevent the obstruction of
rivers, harbors, and landings by corporate
bodies ; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. CALDWELL presented a petition of
citizens of Wyandott, Kansas, praying the pas-
sage of House bill No. 1738 allowing totally
and partially disabled soldiers and seamen
increased pensions; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS OK COMMITTEES.
Mr. COLE. I desire to submit a report
from the conference committee on the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial appropriation bill,
to be considered as soon as the morning busi-
ness is concluded. I do uot wish to interfere
with the morning business, but I should like
to have unanimous consent to do that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California makes a report from a con-
ference committee, but suggests that it lie
over until the morning business be concluded.
The reports of other committees will now be
received.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1013) to authorize the grantees
of franchises for the construction and main-
tenance of bridges to mortgage the same, with
such bridges and their appurtenances, reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the supplementary memorial of
the United States and Brazil Mail Steamship
Company, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S No. 1032) to improve existing
mail steamship service with Brazil.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom were referred the
petition of Samuel Davis, surgeon eighty-third
regiment Indiana volunteers, of New Trenton,
Indiana, and the bill (8. No. 872) granting a
pension of fifty dollars per month to Samuel
Davis, of New Trenton, Indiana, reported them
adversely.
The committee was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition, and the bill
was indefinitely postponed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Rebecca C. Meeker,
asking a pension in consequence of the ser-
vices of her late husband during the war of
1812, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Ellen Berrigan,
widow of the late Kevan Berrigan, private in
company B, second regiment Massachusetts
Vvlunteers, who died in hospital in 1864, asked
to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, the surgeon reporting that he died of
delirium ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Texas, asking for a pen-
sion for Captain William W. Montgomery,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration, the committee having reported such
a bill, and the Senate having passed it; which
was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I am also
directed by the same committee to submit a
report on the petition of William J. Morris,
of Illinois, praying to be granted a pension.
The petition does not state in what service he
was, and there are no papers on file to be found
in the Pension Office. They infer from a let-
ter of the Commissioner of Pensions that he
was not in the military service at all. The
committee instruct me to ask to be discharged
from its further consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1496) to carry out certain provisions of
the Cherokee treaty of 1866, and for the relief
of settlers on the Cherokee lands in the State
of Texas, have directed me to report it back
without amendment. The committee think
the bill ought to be passed at once, and I ask
for its present considetation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ If there be no
dissent it will be reported subject to objection.
Mr. POMEROY. A similar bill has already
passed the Senate twice.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. BOREMAN. It seems to me that is a
matter of too much importance to be consid-
ered now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made to the consideration of the bill, it will be
printed and placed on the Calendar.
Mr. POMEROY. It is a bill, which has
passed the Senate twice. This is a House bill,
and if we concur in this it becomes a law.
The same bill, passed the Senate at the last
Congress, arid it has passed at this Congress,
but not this identical bill.
Mr. BOREMAN. We had better have a
little time to consider it, I think.
Mr. CLAYTON. I wish to say to the
Senator from West Virginia that it is very im-
portant that the bill should pass promptly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made to the consideration of the bill, and, it
will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. COLE. I now present the report of
the committee of conference on the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want that report to lie
until we can look at it before it is acted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Vermont objects to the present consideration
of the report of the conference committee.
Reports of committees are still in order.
Mr. FENTON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1789) to permit the im-
portation, free of duty, of certain Highland
kilts and uniforms for the seventy ninth regi-
ment of Highlanders, of the national guard,
State of New York, to report it back with the
recommendation that it be indefinitely post-
poned 1 ought to state that I regret to be
obliged to make an adverse report upon this
bill, but the circumstances are such that the
Committee on Finance cannot make any other
report. I wish the bill placed on the Calendar,
however.
The VlCrE PRESIDENT. That course will
be pursued.
Mr. STOCKTON. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
104) for the relief of Joseph Lanmati, have
had the same under consideration, and have
directed me to report it favorably, and accom-
panying it with a written report on the subject.
I move that the report be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask that that bilt
be put on its passage.
Mr. COLE. I understand there is a report
submitted which has not yet been printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made.
Mr. NYE, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was recommitted the bill (H.
R. No. 1030) to regulate elections in Wash-
ington and Idaho Territories, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the following
petitions, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration, and moved that Levi
Childs have leave to withdraw his papers;
which was agreed to :
The petition of Annie Holliday, praying to
be allowed a pension ;
Two petitions of citizens of Wisconsin, pray-
ing that T. J. Hurlbut be allowed a pension ;
The petition of T. J. Hurlbut, praying that
he be allowed a pension ;
The petition of Lewis Shields, praying aid
in consequence of a wound received at the
battle of Gettysburg; and
The petition of the guardian of Mary Ann
McKeever, praying that she be granted a pen-
sion.
MARGARET H. JDDD.
Mr. TIPTON. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Pensiens, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 857) granting a pension to
Margaret H. Judd, of Wilmington, Delaware,
to report it back with amendments, and ask
that the bill be now put on its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The Committee on Pensions proposed to
amend the bill so as to make it read:
That the Secretary of the Interior be. and he
hereby is, authorized and directed to plaee upon
the pension-roll the name of Margaret H. Judd,
of Wilmington, Delaware, the aunt and adopted
mother of the late Captain William Judd Fetterman,
twenty-seventh infantry, United States Array, and
pay her, subject to the provisions and limitations of
the pension laws, a pension as a dependent mother.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion ot Mr. AMES, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. So. 996) to repeal .so
much of section six of an act making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year end-
ing June 30, 1870, and for other purposes, approved
March 3, 18t>9, as prohibits promotions in the staft
departments of the Army, be recommitted to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
INTERN U, REVENUE LAWS.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Ordered, That fifty copies of the act approved
Jane 25, 1868, entitled "An act imposing taxes on
distil led spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes,
and the acts amendatorv thereof, be printed m bill
form for the use of the Committee on Finance.
THOMAS B. WALLACE.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask unanimous consent to
call up the bill (S. No. 569) for the relief of
Thomas B. Wallace, of Lexington, in the State
of Missouri, reported from the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. COLE. I will say to ray friend that a
conference committee report is a subject that
always should be promptly disposed of.
Mr. BLAIR. This is a small matter. I
expect to be absent from the Senate for a week
or ten days, and I desire to get this bill up
before I leave.
Mr, COLE. If it causes no discussion I
shall not object.
The bill was read. Its preamble recites that
on the 13th of September, 1801, the dwelling-
house and out-buildings, and the furniture and
other property therein, belonging to Thomas
B. Wallace, of the city of Lexington, Mis-
souri, situated in that city, were destroyed by
