1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
Senate. We passed a bill just like it at the last
session. I ask that it be put on its passage.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not interfere, ex-
cept to express the hope that the Senate will
indulge me during the morning hour in calling
up the resolution that I offered a day or two
ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor object?
Mr. SUMNER. No, I shall not object.
_ Mr, CONKLING. I do not wish to object
either, but I wish to concur with the Senator
from Massachusetts in hoping that no Senator
will introdtfce anything in the way of his call-
ing up his resolution, which I think we ought
to act upon; and therefore I will put myself
in this position, if ray friend from Maine
will allow me: if the bill leads to no debate,
i will not object, but I shall object to anything
being taken up which does lead to debate until
the Senator from Massachusetts has had an
opportunity to call up his resolution.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It authorizes the Secretary of
War to sell and convey the land and building
belonging to the United States at Houlton,
Maine, known as Hancock barracks, if in his
opinion it shall be for the interest of the Gov-
ernment to sell the same, reserving to the
county of Aroostook so much of the land as
shall be necessary for the monuments thereon
erected by the consent of the War Depart-
ment to establish a meridian line.
The biil was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 584J concerning the publication of the
official Army Register, reported adversely
thereon, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 626) to authorize
the 3~le of certain public property at Augusta,
Georgia, reported it without amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 367) to amend an act entitled "An act
regulating proceedings in criminal cases, and
for other purposes," approved March 3, 1865,
have directed me to report it back without
amendment, and with the recommendation
that it pass. As it relates merely to the chal-
lenging of jurors, and will remove an incon-
venience that I understand exists in selecting
juries, particularly in the city of New York. I
ask that it be put upon its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Sen-
ator took his seat the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Somner] and the Senator from
New York [Mr. Conkling] united in a desire
that no other business should be taken up
during the morning hour except the resolution
of the Senator from Massachusetts; but the
Chair will put the request of the Senator from
Illinois to the Senate. The Senator from Illi-
nois asks unanimous consent to consider this
bill at the present time.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not. *
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will not take a minute.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that had better go
over until to-morrow. I am very anxious to
have the resolution that I offered taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent, and objection being made, the
bill will be placed on the Calendar.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S, No. 638) in relation to homestead and
preemption claims; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 639) to provide for the protection of
navigable waters of the United States from
obstruction and damage ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 640) to aid in the removal of the raft from
Red river ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a biil (S. No.
641) to extend the provisions of an act en-
titled "An act for the final adjustment of
private land claims in the States of Florida,
Louisiana, and Missouri, and for other pur-
poses;" which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 642)
to relinquish the title of the United States to
certain lands in the State of Louisiana; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com
mittee on Private Land Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
EDUCATIONAL TEST FOR VOTING.
Mr. COLE submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Education and
Labor be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of an amendment to the Constitution of the United
States providing some educational test in the exer-
cise of the electoral franchise.
PROTECTION OF ANIMALS.
Mr. COLE also submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be
directed to inquire into the expediency of enacting
a law for the protection of the buffalo, elk, antelope,
and other useful animals running wild in the Terri-
tories of the United States against indiscriminate
slaughter and extermination; and that they report
by bill or otherwise.
REPORT ON FISH AND FISHERIES.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Com°
mittee on Printing:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That five thousand extra copies
of the report of the commisioner of fish and fish-
eries be printed; fifteen hundred for the use of the
Senate, three thousand for the use of the House of
Representatives, and five hundred for the use of the
commissioner.
SALES OF ARMS TO FRENCH AGENTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business is concluded.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to have my resolu-
tion called up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
submitted by him on Monday last.
Mr. CONKLING. Having united with the
Senator from Massachusetts, as the Chair said,
in the hope that this resolution would betaken
up, I should like to ask a question, as I see
the morning hourishalf spent. Does the Sen-
ator wish to take up the resolution for action
or for debate?
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to have it taken up
for action, and I wish to make an explanation
in regard to it.
Mr. CONKLING. If it be the Senator's
purpose to take it up for debate now, in the
morning hour, of which only thirty-five min-
utes remain, it might incommode "other Sen-
ators. Therefore I suggest to him that some
arrangement be made on that point. An ar-
rangement, may occur to him; if not, I will
suggest one by which, this resolution being
taken up, if it be his purpose to express his
views in regard to it, others may have the same
opportunity, and also the Senate an opportunity
lo vote upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr, CONKLING, A simple motion to take
it up now, to fall at one o'clock, would cot,
perhaps, be satisfactory to the Senator, and
certainly not to other Senators who may wish
to make observations upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. I entirely coincide with
the Senator from New York, and I shall be
glad to unite with him in any way. It seems
to me that the order at one o'clock may be
informally passed over should we not reach a
conclusion on this resolution by that time.
Mr. COLE. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business can be set aside at one o'clock by a
majority vote, if the Senate see fit to con-
tinue the discussion of the resolution during
the day.
Mr. MORTON. If there is to be debate on
this resolution, and if it begins this morning,
I hope the regular order will be informally
passed over until it is concluded.
Mr. WILSON. No doubt it will be.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to add, out of
frankness to the Senator from California, that
I will stand by him with and for his appropri-
ation bill against any matter now before the
Senate that I can remember except this reso-
lution of the Senator from Massachusetts. I
think there is an urgency, a need in the early
consideration and final consideration of this
resolution, which will lead me to vote to post-
pone even the appropriation bill. I promise
the Senator I will not vote to postpone it for
anything else, but I will postpone it for this
resolution.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts is on the floor claiming it.
He will state if he yields.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
. Mr. COLE. I would suggest, in view of
the remark of the Senator from New York,
that the resolution of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts give way now for the appropriaiion
bill, and let us go on with that in the morning
hour, and when that is through, later in the
day, the resolution can be taken up, there being
then no interference with its final considera-
tion. Otherwise, I shall feel it my duty to
insist on the regular order at the hour of one''
o'clock, and of course that would devolve
on the Senate the necessity of determining
whether the order should be proceeded with
or not.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very anxious to accept
any suggestion from my friend, but I hope he
will pardon me if I say that I do not feel that
under the circumstances I ought to allow this
to be postponed. I have a statement which I
wish to make.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the motion
now ?
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. It is to proceed
to the consideration of the resolution, which
if adopted will keep it before the Senate until
one o'clock, when it will be superseded by the
appropriation bill, unless the Senate then post-
pone the appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that motion I have
a word to say.
Mr. SUMNER. I propose to speak on the
resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. When it comes up. It
is not up yet, I understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not yet
up, and debate on the merits cannot proceed
on this motion. 'I here has been no debate as
yet on the merits ; it has been legitimate debate
under the rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, it is pro-
posed to take up a resolution that everybody
knows on looking at its face will lead to a
long political debate. I am not to be deterred
from what I de.em the course of duty by any
faLe charge or false imputation that may be
made against me that 1 opposed to the
adoption ot this resolution or to the appoint-
ment of all the committees of inquiry that can
possibly be named, if the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts would simply strike out the whole
