110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
cut down representation. In 1830 the repre-
sentation in the House was two hundred and
forty members. In 1840 it dropped down to
two hundred and twenty-three, although the
ratio of representation had grown from 47,700
in 1830 to"70,680 in 1840. At the beginning
of the Government in 1790, when the States
numbered sixteen, and the ratio was 43,000,
there were only one hundred and eight mem-
bers of Congress. In 1800 there were one
hundred and forty-two; in 1810 there were one
hundred and eighty-two; in 1820 there were
two hundred and sixteen ; in 1830 there were
two hundred and forty ; in 1840 there were
two hundred and twenty-three ; in 1850 there
were two hundred and thirty three; in 1860
there were two hundred and forty-three. The
following table willshow these figures in detail:
No. of Repre-
sentatives.
Year.
No. of States
represented.
Ratio.
References.
108
1790
16
43,000
Statutes-at-Large, volume 1, p. 253.
■ 142
1800
17
33,000
Statutes-at-Large, volume 2, p. 128.
182
1810
18
35,000
Statutes-at-Large, volume 2, p. 669.
216
1820
27
40,000
Statutes-at-Large, volume 3, p. 651.
240
1830
28
47,700
Statutes-at-Large, volume 4, p. 516.
, 223
1840
29
70,680
Statutes-at-Large, volume 5, p. 491.
233
1850
33
93,420
Statutes-at-Large, volume 9, p. 432.
243
1860
37
126,823
Sfcatutcs-at-Large, volume 12, p. 353; also
supplementary act, volume 12, p. 572.
In all these several eras and in the legisla-
tion for the number of members, there was a
loss to certain States and a gain to others.
This was to be expected from the very nature
of our Government and the character and
mobility of our people. But no one made an
argument at any era to show that a State was
to be considered dishonored because, in the
changes of population and the alteration of
the former ratio, she did not retain her former
number of members.
There are other reasons why I am opposed
to increasing the number of the members
of this House beyond the present number,
two hundred and forty-three.
Let me ask gentlemen if they can agree what
should be our number? First, I may inquire
with reference to the services of a Congress-
man outside of the House. He is made the
servant or slave of every one. If it were only
his constituency, or if it were not for office-
seekers'. he could get along with a clerk or
messenger. As it is a Congressman is a bureau.
He is himself a messenger, watchman, clerk,
agent, and detective-policeman, and lie adds
to these the graces sometimes of being a tem-
perance lecturer, a preacher, lawyer, editor,
doctor, philanthropist, gentleman, and a states-
man ! This is too much for one mortal. It
may therefore be said that it would be well to
divide the labor by lessening the district and
increasing the number ot Representatives.
But this would not be done to any appreciable
extent by the increase of from two hundred
and forty-one to two hundred and eighty-three
or an increase of forty members, as proposed
by this bill. But the advanlageat least would
be offset by the disadvantage.
I will not dwell on the argumentum ab in-
convenienti. That has been done by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack.] It is
clear to any one that one hundred men in this
HouKe could do the proper business of legis-
lation better than two hundred. In fact, in
large parliamentary bodies about one tenth
generally do the work of the body. So far as
relates to the details and debates, anrl the prep-
aration of legislation, there is less than one
twentieth engaged. Again, it has been urged
lor this increase that the House should keep
pace with the increase of the Senate in num-
bers. I do not feel the force of this reasoning.
]f the object of Congress were the procure-
ment of offices, or the display of activity and
strength in calling on the Departments, there
might be some force in numbers; but then
we are not pitted against the Senate, either
dv the Constitution or by numeration. We are
not an antagonistic, but a concurrent and
separate body. The greater the inefficiency
of the House by reason of its unwieldy size,
the greater the advantage of the Senate in
cases of collision. A body is not great by
being big. Corpulence is not health or vigor.
A wheezy adiposity is not necessarliy a con-
dition of mental alertness. [Laughter.] Lay-
ers of lard and monstrosities ot fat are not
conducive to manhood. The size of the great-
est of us is \ ery small by the side of the Cardiff
giant or Mont Blane. Quantity is not the
thing, but quality. Cattle and horses are
stuffed with hay, but it is not for nutriment.
Therefore, if we would strengthen the House,
let us give the number most efficient, not the
"wallowing, unwieldy" mass. Without being
personal to myself, I go for the smaller body.
[Laughter.]
Is it more democratic or republican to
have greater numbers in this assembly? This
is not so necessarily. European monarchies
have outnumbered us in their parliaments,
even when their population has been less.
The Commons have six hundred and fifty-
eight ; the Lords four hundred and sixty-three ;
the French Chamber had three hundred and
seventy-six ; the Cortes three hundred andfifty:
the Prussian Chamber had three hundred and
( fifty-two; the Italian has four hundred and
ninety-three, or one to every forty thousand.
The ratio of population is the same in Belgium,
where there are one hundred and sixteen mem-
bers, one for forty thousand. In Switzerland
there are one hundred and twenty-eight repre-
sentatives, one deputy in the ''Nationalrath"
j for every twenty thousand souls. They may
i1 well make these small assemblies as we did at
first, and especially when by their organism
tkeie are local representative assemblies.
Again, if the principle of this billis correct;
if we are to grow in members here as in popu-
lation, then, by the year A. I). 1900, when we
have one hundred million people in the United
States, we must have a thousand members.
Ihen we will fall into the English ways. Legis-
lation, except on great " division days," will
be impossible with all the number. As it is,
there is scarcely ever more than a quorum in
the English Parliament for the bulk of the
business. And so it was before the French
war tor the ordinary business of the French
I Chambers.
Besides, if we add forty to our number it
will be impossible to continue in this small
Hall, or at least we must oust these desks,
unless we dismissallour membersbut the work-
ing men. The main object of this increase to
two hundred and'eighty-three is to keep the
fact latent that New England is failing. Mas-
sachusetts and the rest of New England will
lose if we do not increase our mernbeis. Well,
let them lose. New England has now Repre-
sentatives for seven thousand voters, while jn
New York the voters are not in proper relation
as to their number, having twenty-five thou-
voters for a member. In Austria the lieichs-
rath has two hundred and three members only,
but there are twelve department and local
assemblies in the empire. But in all these
bodies a very few do the work. The House
of Commons in England, as my friend from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] has stated, consists of six
hundred and fifty-eight members, while the
House of Lords has four hundred and sixty-
three members. He was quite right in saying
that a much smaller number do all the work
of both Houses, to wit, the quorum of forty.
Mr. Chairman, in conclusion, for I have to
be very brief, I am in favor of the amendment
of the gentleman Irom Indiana. [Mr. Niblack,]
because it will give more efficiency to Con-
gress. It will be better for our people at home.
It will be more convenient, with this present
Hall already erected, for our use, and it will
save half a million of expenses, which, in
these days of taxation, will be something
saved. If we add forty more members to this
House there will be $500,000 added to our
expenses, and no proper equivalent for the
extra expendituie, either by the wisdom or
honesty of legislation.
1 now give notice that at the proper time,
with a view to test this matter, and in view of
the fact that there has been so much irrelevant,
wrong argumentation and bad calculation in
this matter, and in order that it may be thor-
oughly digested by the intelligence of the House,
I shall move that the committee report the bill
to the House with the recommenda'ion to refer
it to a special committee for a thorough revis-
ion. I hope such a committee will report a
bill more in correspondence with the Consti-
tution as interpreted by our Republican breth-
ren who made it; more in conformity to the
genius, form, and structure of our civil polity,
as illustrated in our written but almost oblit-
erated Constitution.
Tim CHAIRMAN. General debate upon
this bill has closed by order of the House,
and the question now is upon tlie amendment
offered by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Marshall] to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Farxsworth. ]
The Chairman pun the question, and decided
that the amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise to a point of
order.^ I rose for the purpose of claiming the
attention of the Chair, *with a view of con-
tinuing the, discussion under the five minutes'
rule oil my amendment. I do not understand
the order taken by the House to close debate
to include debate under the five minutes' rule.
I rose for the purpose of continuing the dis-
cussion. If I had supposed that all debate
was cut off, and the vote was final, I should
have called for a division of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman
from Illinois offer an amendment now, and
speak his five minutes upon it?
Mr. MARSHALL. 1 propose, if it is in
order, to discuss my own amendment.
Mr. FARMS V\ ORTII. But the gentleman
has discussed his own amendment once.
Ike CHAIRMAN. The Chair will regard
the amendment to the amendment as still
pending.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Chairman, under
the five-minute rule, as a matter of course, I
can make but very brief remarks upon this
amendnient. I proposed, if I had had an op-
portunity of discussing the bill in other respects,
to have done so; but the order of the House
has cut that off, and I wish now merely to call
the attention of the House to the amendment
which I have offered. I believe it is correct in
