2798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2G,
fire, by order of Colonel James A. Mulligan,
in command of the United States military
forces then stationed at that, city; and that
the destruction of the houses and other prop-
erty was ordered and was necessary for the
protection and preservation of the prop-
erty of the United States at that city, and the
protection and preservation of the lives of the
officers and soldiers under the command of
Mulligan, and at the time actually engaged in
defending the city and in maintaining the au-
thority of the Government of the United States
against an attack of the confederate army,
under command of General Sterling Price.
The bill therefore proposes to appropriate
5618,500 for the purpose of paying Wallace
the value of his property, destroyed as afore-
said, and the damages sustained by him by
reason of its destruction.
The Committee on Claims reported an
amendment to the bill to strike out in line
three " $18,500" and insert " $11,252."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKL1NG. From which committee
comes this bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Claims, the Chair thinks.
Mr. CONKLING. A bill for the destruc-
tion of property in war, at Lexington, Mis-
souri ?
Mr. BLAIIi. Destroyed on the lines of
investment of the city of Lexington, belong-
ing to a Union man, and destroyed for the
safety of the army invested, for the purpose
of defense.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 will state to the Senator
from New York that I have examined the
claim ; and I think if there has been a merit-
orious claim before Congress, both in its
whole character and the limited amount
reported, this is tliat claim.
Mr. CONKLTNG. Whether 1 will object
or not is dependent upon the answer to this
question : is it the ease of the destruction of
property in the theater of war for military
purposes ?
Mr. BLAIR, Yes, sir. It was destroyed
because the rebels used the house as a point
from which to attack the lines of the Union
army. It was destroyed in order to prevent
them from having the use of it as a protec-
tion for their troops. It was private property
taken for public use in that way.
Mr. CONKLING. IIow taken for public
use ?
Mr. BLAIR. It was destroyed by our own
army, under the order of Colonel Mulligan,
after a council of war. °
Mr. CONKLING. Then I understand that
having become a cover for the rebel troops, it
was destroyed in war in the course of military
proceedings by the order of a Union general ?
Mr. BLAIIi. Yes, sir; that is the exact
fact.
Mr. CONKLING. I think this bill ought
to be considered as it cannot be considered in
the morning hour. I should like to have it
lie over in order that 1 may look into it.
The VIOL PRESIDENT. It will lie over.
bills introduckd.
Mr. WRIGHT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8
No 1033) to legalize entries of public lands
under the homestead laws in certain cases ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1034) making an appropri-
ation for a Government building to be used
for a custom-house, post office, and bonded
warehouse at Port Huron, in the State of
Michigan ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed
Mr. PERRY, of Michigan asked/and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1035) for the restoration
to market of certain lands in Michigan; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1036) granting the right of way through
the public lands to the Jacksonville and St.
Augustine Railroad Company; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1037) to provide for building a naval hos-
pital at the navy-yard at Pensacola; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to iutroducea bill (S. No.
1038) for the relief of Sarah Jane Grier and
Mary Stone Grier, minor heirs of Samuel L.
Grier, deceased ; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1039) gianting a pension to Thomas Reilly,
late of company II, second United States cav-
alry ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1010) for the relief of William Fischer;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1041) to equalize promotion among offi-
cers iu the line of the Army; which was read
twice. by its title, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HILL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1042) for the relief of Thomas Hollis, of Mor-
gan . county, Georgia; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
OKUEIl OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BOREMAN. The Committee on Ter-
ritories some time since reported a bill with
regard to a railroad in Dakota Territory, which
is a matter ot considerable importance, s.nd I
think it ought to be passed. They are await-
ing action in order to construct the railroad
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Cahfow.ua gave notice of his desire to
occupy the morning hour with a conference
report.
Mr COLE. I cannot consent to any other
business being interposed.
Mr. BOREMAN. I think the bill can be
passed in a moment,. There is no land grant.
Mr. COLE. The Senator had a bill passed
a lew days ago m the morning hour.
Mr. BOREMAN. The Governor of the
I enitory- states that they have commenced
the construction of this railroad under author-
ity or the territorial Legislature, and that is
subject to doubt.
Mr. COLE. I wish to go on with the report
ot ttie conference committee.
The VICE. PRESIDENT. The Senator
L I'M f ra'j objects to the consideration of
the bill referred to by the Senator from West
Virginia.
ARIZONA AND NEVADA BECONNOISSANOg.
Mr. NYE submitted the following resolu-
Printin^- WUS r°ferred t0 the Committee on
ItesolvetL That nine hundred and fifty a'lciii innoi
copies of the reeonnnissance af Arizona and Nov?rli
Mr. NYE submitted the following concur-
rent resolution ; which was referred to the
Committee on Printing:
Raolovd by the Semite, (the Ilou^e of Represent-
atives concurring.) Tb.tt toui thousand additional
copies Ot the reconnoi-sannpnf Am-ma and Nevada
be printed in ciuarto for in and hound, one thousand
copies ot which shall be tor the use ol the Senate
twenty-seven huuhe.l ,ui J ii/'cy copic.- for the use'
of the House of lioore-entativcs, and two hundred
and fifty copies for distnbut ion by the chief oi engin-
eer of the United States Army.
amkxdmi-a f;
.Mr. ANTHONY
TO THE KLLES.
ibrmtted the following
^ '    ~ * *v *    iUg
resolutions: which were referred to the select
Committee on Revision of the Rules, and
ordered to be printed :
Retohed, That the thirtieth rule be amended by
inserting after the word "Senate," in theseeond line
ot the second paragraph, the words "or proposed in
pursuance ot an u.-nuiate from the head oi some of
the Department^.3'
tjfactl, Tlinttht* twenry-eigbth rule be amended
by adding" the following vrurd^:
" When a bill or joint resolution is under consid-
eration, any ponding amendment thereto may be
laid on the table without prejudice to the bill, and
a motion to laj an amendment on the table shall
carry with it an amendment m the second degree."
Halved. That the twelfth rule be amended by
adding thereto the word?:
"liut a motion to postpone a, subject under consid-
eration and proceed to the consideration of another,
shall be treated as one question and not divisible!
and shall be decided without debate."
My. ANTHONY. [ admit that my asldng
to have these resolutions printed is a pretty
bad preface to the remarks 1 urn going to make;
but as every Senator will wish to look at these
proposed amendments before he acts upon
them I asked to have them printed. We have
got into the habit here of having every bill
printed when it is presented. It is a very fre-
quent thing for a Senator to say, "I offer a
bill by request; 1 do not commit myself to it;
i know nothing about it." and then ask to
have it printed. That printing is for the ben-
efit of the person who offers the bill, and the
continual printing of bills when they are pre-
sented cumbers up our tiles; it is exceedingly
expensive ; they are printed on the most costly
paper, and it is the most expensive kind of
printing the Government does. If, therefore,
Senators would only ask to have bills printed
when they really desire to have them printed,
it would add very much to the convenience of
the Senate and the convenience of our files,
and be an important economy.
The.VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state, in consequence of the remarks of the
chairman of the Committee on Printing, that
hereafter the Secretary will not enter an order
to print any bill on its introduction except the
motion to print be made by the Senator intro-
ducing the bill and adopted by the Senate.
Mr.. ANTHONY. Senators will understand
that buif reported from committees are printed
as a matter of course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is true;
but a bill introduced will not be printed except
by order of the Senate, unless the Senator
introducing it desires it to be printed and the
•senate orders it.
, *^r* S^OlT. I offer a resolution to amend
the rules, and ask for its present consideration
it there be 110 objection :
^hat during the present session it shall
to i!nnfirr r'ii'Kn. 2 appropriation bill, to move
  2 °u the pending bill and amend-
npnrlfni/'iv iV Ulinutes by any Senator on the
?h?i| f:,,uo.tion; and the motion to limit debate
^ be decided without debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
1011 to the present consideration of this resolu-
tion :
Mr. BLAIR. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
J i ^nr , .an<^ referred to the Committee
fmmpeS' or, ^ 011 table, as the Senator
Mr Scott*"? deSireS-
ti," jti i -i jet u be printed and lie on
after °aU U Up for adoPtion here'
* V1C^ PRESIDENT. It will beprinted,
and he on the table.
