58
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February ]9,
Senate.
Sale of Arms to French, Agents—Mr. OonMing.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
accumulated interest of twenty years, will at
maturity more than pay the $1 25 per acre for
all the lands belonging to the Government
within ten miles of the road.
Mr. Speaker, I beg relief from Congress for
this neglected people. I do not ask in this
bill any extravagant grant of lands to a private
corporation, bat request that one.half of the
land now held in trust for the future State of
Dakota may be put to immediate use for in-
ternal improvements in the Territory. I am
well aware that the country has become
alarmed at the giant monopolies that have
grown up out of the past magnificent land
grants to railroads: but T do hope that Con-
gress has not become so frightened at the
shadow of its former liberality that it dare not
do justice by a suffering community.
The great timberless plains of central Dakota
can never be settled by an agricultural people
until reclaimed by some economic system of
railways, irrigation, and forest-planting. I am
confirmed in this opinion after fifteen years of
practical experience in the land surveys west
of the Mississippi river.
Mr. Speaker, I will only detain the House a
moment longer, while I quote from the act of
September 4, 1841, the provisions which I ask
to have applied to the Territory of Dakota:
"Srcc. 8. And there shall be, and hereby is, granted
to each new State chat shall hereafter bo admitted
into the Union, upon such admission, so much land
andincluding such quantityas may have been granted
to such State before its admission, and while under
a territorial Government, for the purposes of inter-
nal improvements, as shall make five hundred thou-
sand acres of land, to be selected and located as
aforesaid." [By direction of the Legislature.]
" Sec. 9. And the net proceeds of the sales of said
lands shall be faithfully applied to the objects of
internal improvements within the States aforesaid
respestively, namely: roads, railroads, bridges,.and
improvement of water courses, and draining of
swamps; and such roads, railways, canals, bridges,
and water courses when made or improved, shall be
free for the transportation of the United States mails
and munitions of war, and for the passage of their
troops without payment of any toll whatever."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I trust that the liber-
ality of Congress will permit the Territory of
Dakota to select and apply to the immediate
objects of internal improvements within her
borders one half of the lands that will event-
ually fall to the future State of Dakota.
One acre of land for this purpose now is
worth ten in the far future, and one line of
railroad through the Territory at present will
add more to the nation's wealth by the ad-
vancement of settlement and civilization over
the great plains, than all the homeless poor
that will immigrate thither, without railroads,
for the next generation.
Sale of Arms to French Agents.
SPEECH OF HON. R. CONKLING,
op new york,
Iisr the Senate of the United States,
February 19, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration the resolu-
tion in relation to the sale of arms to Freich agents—
Mr. CONKLING said:
Mr. President: Nearly five months of this
session have gone—March, April, December,
January, have gone, and nearly the whole of
February. Legislation waits, and debate goes
on, only for political effect. The appropriation
bills are put aside. They ought to be acted on
now, while they may be deliberately sifted and
freed from errors which will escape us in the
haate of belated consideration. The revision of
the tariff which ought to be made, has not yet
been made. No action has been taken upon the
bill which ought to strike forty millions of in-
ternal taxes from the shoulders of enterprise
and labor, which ought to disband the remnant
of the army of internal revenue collectors, and
reduce the internal revenue establishment to a
skeleton. These bills and others wait. Need-
less political discussion blocks the way.
If right were the opposite of wrong, this
could not be right; but rights are of many
kinds, and some rights are the twins of wrong.
The Constitution says a Senator shall not be
questioned in any other place for that he utters
here; and thus a Senator may, by preamble
and by speech, slander his countrymen, slan-
der his Government, slander his country, and
place it in a false position before the nations
of the earth. All this may be done to the
hurt of the public business, to the peril of the
nation's interests at home and abroad; and
there may be no aim or reason in it except to
affect a presidential election, and to gratify
passion and wreak vengeance on individuals.
It may be done boldly in plain words, or it
may be done by vague and cunning hints ; it
may be best done by insinuation, th'e most
deadly weapon in slander's virulent vocabu-
lary. However it be done, if it be done and
time be wasted in debate, the waste must be
charged to those who bring on debate and
insist upon it.
The Senator from Massachusetts would
have delay. He would not have investigation,
he would have debate. He would not have
business, he would have talk. He would pre-
cede investigation by a speech which fills
seven columns in the Globe, and which could
not go unchallenged. He would utter state-
ments in advance, which could not escape
exposure and denial.
He said his speech was not political. What
was it? What was its aim and object 1 Was
it to obtain investigation? The whole Senate
proffered that. To use a favorite expression
of the Senator's, the proposition to investigate
was "hailed" throughout the Chamber; there
was not one dissenting voice. " Turn on the
lights," " Turn on the lights," was the demand
on every side the moment we heard the dark
insinuations of the Senator. He himself, and
he alone, asked that his resolution should lie
Over and not be acted upon at the time he
introduced it. He himself requested that
it should wait, that debate might proceed;
and I pause here to send to the Secretary the
New York Tribune, from which I ask that an
editorial may be read. I have marked it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows from the
New York Tribune of February 15, 1872 :
" The Arm* Scandal.—If we regarded the defeat
of the renomination of General Grant as the sole
object and end of political work at this moment,
we would bo perfectly satisfied with the perform-
ances of his thick-and-thin partisans in the Senate
and in the press. If they had a particle of sagacity
left they would not for a moment sutler themselves
to be placed in a position so humiliating and so
untenable as that which they have voluntarily as-
sumed. When Senator Sumner introduced his res-
olution calling for the appointment of a committee
to investigate the suspicious circumstances con-
nected with the sale of United States arms to the
agents of the French Government of National De-
fense, the President's partisans in the Senate at first
prevented the consideration of the resolution, while
their liveried organ in New York followed its usual
custom of denouncing the Senator who introduced
the resolution, ascribing to him and to all who sup-
port the demand for an inquiry those mean motives
which alone it is able to comprehend. Is it possible
that they know what they are doing? Do they not
see that this is the course which leads to the utter
ruin of politicians and of parties? This is a matter
which_ cannot be hid out of sight. Every moment
of resistance increases the general suspicion and
indignation. For a day the country and the inde-
pendent press awaited the action of the Senate.
During this pause ot attention the janizaries of the
Senate and their newspaper lackeys drew a breath
of relief, and one of them yesterday began to exult
that tne movement for investigation had, to use its
own choice English, 'fallen comparatively still-
born.' They saw a new light on the subject yes-
terday, however, and the resolution passed with-
out serious opposition. Now, let no one resist or
delay a thorough and searching examination of this
matter."
Mr. CONKLING. I take the Senate to wit-
ness the calumny there recorded ; I take the
Senator from Massachusetts himself to witness
it. I refer to the records of the Senate, to
the Journal, and the Globe, to prove that
the Senator himself, and the Senator alone,
requested that no action should he taken
upon the resolution when it was brought for-
ward, but that it, might lie over and wait.
Mr. SUMNER. Lie over and be printed.
Mr. CONKLING. _ "Lie over and be
printed." Of course lie over and wait. The
Senator chose his own time to call it up, and
the Senate voted to put aside ail else that tlie
Senator might proceed. Yet, Mr. President,
such is the violence done to truth in a wanton
and ruthless crusade for political*effect.
W hat was the aim and object of the Sena-
tor's speech? It could not be to secure in-
vestigation. No plea was needed to obtain
inquiry : there has never been a moment since
the resolution was heard that the Senator
could escape inquiry had he wished to do so.
What was the purpose of his speech ? Was it
to prejudge the truth and forecast it against
us? . Was it to assist France and French
claim agents in prosecuting, claims against
American merchants and American citizens?
Was it meant to gender suspicion and rouse
passionate resentment toward those charged
with executive affairs? Was it meant to make
the Germans of America believe that high
Republican officials had clutched French blood-
money in a war in which the whole Republican
heart beat for Germany? Was it meant to
help the Democratic party out of its plight of
sympathy and partisanship for France through-
out the German war? Was it thought that the
Germans of America could he persuaded that
there went from the Republican Administra-
tion a prayer, a hope, or a wish for French
success on the burning battle fields where
Germans and Germany won imperishable re-
nown? Was it meant to compromise or con-
vict us before the world for having been false
to national morals and national vows? Was it
meant to befoul us in the eyes of Christendom ;
to say to England and to Germany, now when
Germany's emperor is about to sit as umpire
upon claims of ours, that the Republic of
America had been more perfidious than Eng-
land ever was? I will read two brief edito-
rials, one from the New York World, and one
from the New York Sun, to show the impres-
sion produced upon the press and the public
by this strange proceeding. The World says:
" There was a deliberate violation of the neutral
obligations of the United States. Our Government
behaved altogether worse toward Germany than the
British ever did towaid us in the gloomiest period
of our civil war. The Government establishments
were worked to their fullest capacity in manufactur-
ing cartridges for Trance to be used against Ger-
many. The most improved patterns of arms were
sold to the agents of France out of the national
arsenals. The worst that we have ever charged
against England is that she permitted private indi-
viduals to build ships for the confederates. But our
Government did not merely allow the Fernch agents
to purchase arms and ammunition of private manu-
facturers, but set all the public establishments in
full activity to manufacture these things for Franco
to be used against Germany. This scandalous affair
will turn the whole voting German population of
the United States against General Grant."
The Sun says:
"Another point of equal, if not greater import-
ance, is the fact, which also seems to be proved by
official evidence, that the workshops of the War
Department were employed during the period in
question in manufacturing cartridges tor the French
Government. It appears that France would not buy
the arms unless ammunition was furnished to use in
them; and so great was the power of the military
ring of speculators that they were able to cause the
War Department to furnish these cartridges. This
was a violation of the laws of neutrality and of
international obligations tar exceedingall that Eng-
land can be charged with for allowing the Alabama,
the Florida, and the other confederate cruisers to
depart from her ports upon their errand of destruc-
tion. In that case she was guilty of negligence; but
in the ease of the ammunition manulactured tor the
French during their war with Germany General
Grant's administration was guilty of taking direct
part in the war."
Mr. President, what other impression have
the Senators from Massachusetts and Missouri
been laboring to produce? What other impres-
