'1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3895
conveyed to our Government by telegraph,
by General Schenck on the 9th of the present
month, as follows:
His lordship's last words, after more than two
hours' conversation, were as follows:
"I oarefully avoid anything like menace, but in
consequence of the views and information you have
presented to me yesterday and to-day, I take an un-
favorable view of the chances of any settlement."
I told him I was getting to be of the same mind.
SCHENCK..
Nothing of this can have any influence upon
the action our Government should take upon
a matter concerning national justice and na-
tional honor. I repeat again, we should aban-
don our claims for national wrongs and strike
them out of our case before the tribunal at
Geneva if they ought not to be presented, and
upon that ground alone. But we ought not,
we cannot, withdraw them. Pledged to their
presentation by every consideration which
binds nations and men, there is no true Amer-
ican that does not feel their withdrawal to be
wrong and a degradation. What we cannot
do manfully and directly, let us not do indi-
rectly and covertly.
"Of the two lessons, why forget
The nobler and the manlier one ?"
What, then, are we asked by the British
Government to do under this menace, thus
diplomatically expressed, and her threat of
abandonment of her faith plighted in treaty?
It is that we shall enter into a new negotiation
with her, and at her dictation, add a supple-
mental article to a treaty that she declares her
self ready to break at pleasure; forwhat? Shall
we do this in order that she may repudiate
the supplemental article also when she finds
that it does not suit her interests or conven-
ience? Should notour answer be what .Na-
poleon proudly made, " France cannot nego-
tiate under a threat?" Ought we not to say
to Great Britain, "Your course leaves us no
alternative but to cease diplomacy. You do
not stand to and, perform your obligations.
You do not appeal to our sense of right, but
to our fears, and between us there can be no
further covenant until, on the 15th of June,
before the tribunal of arbitration, you prove
your good faith and adherence to your agree-
ment by presenting your case, as we have ours,
and submitting both to arbitration?"
Does not the honor and the dignity and the
manhood of the nation require this answer
and this alone ? Can our Government con-
sistently with any self respect think for a mo-
ment of any other? Shall we not stand dis-
graced and' degraded in the eyes of all honor-
able men if we negotiate with a Government
that threatens to repudiate the result of its ne-
gotiations when they are solemnly concluded?
Let us see what Great Britain claims the
American nation ought to do. On the day
following Lord Granville's menace, the 10th
of May, our State Department received the
following telegram:
London, May 10,1872.
Lord Granville has this moment sent a message
requesting me to telegraph you immediately that a
Cabinet meeting will be held this morning, and that
he wishes me to meet him afterward. This looks
like reconsideration of what he said yesterday. I
have come to the conclusion that they have two
reasons for their conduct—one an unwillingness on
the part of Mr. Gladstone to seem to retract the
oxtreme position he took at the beginning as to the
interpretation of the treaty; the other an actual un-
willingness to adopt any rule to limit claims against
neutrals in the future, their only ohject being to get
rid of an arbitration of the demand of the United
States. SCHENCK.
This telegram shows this country in the
most humiliating position. Our minister waits
in the ante-room of the British cabinet until
that Government has determined what it will
do, to telegraph it for the adoption by ours,
and that, too, when the same minister tele-
graphs us "that he believes that they do not
mean in good faith to establish any new rule
of action to govern neutrals in time of war
hereafter, but their only object being to get
rid of an arbitration of the demand of the
United States."
By a subsequent telegram on the same day, we
have the result of the British cabinet meeting,
as follows :
London, May 10,1872.
Lord Granville a few minutes since submitted to
me in person the following draft of an article which,
if the Government of the United States think fit to
adopt, will be accepted by her Majesty's Govern-
ment. I made no comment on it, but said I would
telegraph it to you immediately:
Whereas the Government of herBritannicMajesty
has contended in the recent correspondence with
tbe Government of the United States as follows,
namely, that' such indirect claims as those for the
national losses stated in the cases presented'on the
part of the Government of the United States to the
tribunal of arbitration at Geneva to have been sus-
tained by the loss in the transfer of the American
commercial marine to the British flag, the enhanced
payments of insurance, the prolongation of the war,
and the addition of a large sum to ±ho cost of the
war and the suppression of the rebellion, firstly,
were not included in the treaty of Washington, and
further and secondly, should not be admitted iu
principle as growing out of the acts committed by
particular vessels alleged to have been enabled to
commit depredations upon the shipping of a bel-
ligerent by reason of such want of diligence in the
performance of the neutral obligations as that which
is imputed by the United States to Great Britain;
and whereas the Government of her Britannic
Majesty has also declared that the principle in-
volved in the second of the contentions herein-
before set forth will guide their conduct in future;
and whereas the President of the United States,
whilst adhering to his contention that the said
claims were included in the treaty, adopts for the
future the principle contained in the second of the
said contentions so far as to declare that it will
hereafter guide the conduct of the Government of
the United States, and the two countries are .there-
fore agreed in this respect: In consideration thereof
the President of the United States, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate thereof, consents
that he will make no claim on the partof the United
States in respect of indirect losses as aforesaid
before the tribunal of arbitration at Geneva.
SCHENCK.
Humbly waiting to receive from her Majes-
ty's ministers this draft of an article which,
if the Government of the United States think
fit to adopt, will be accepted (not proposed)
by her Majesty's Government "to carry out
their only object, in his belief, to get rid of an
arbitration of the demand of the Dnited States,
and not to establish a new rule for neutrals,"
our minister telegraphs the precious docu
ment—less than speed of lightning is too slow
to do the British bidding—to be " confiden-
tially " submitted to the Senate of the United
States, " it being necessary that the American
Senate should not be placed in a position
requiring a confession that a wrong; has been
done." So says Sir Stafford Northcote.
It will be observed that Mr. Schenck says,
" I made no comment upon it." I differ from
Mr. Schenck. I shall comment upon it; and
the comment I make is that this article is
simply a diplomatic maneuver by which we
may skulk from our position and give up all
our claim for our national wrongs and the in-
sults received by us as a nation at the hands of
Great Britain.
What is this supplemental article which
Great Britain is graciously pleased to "accept,''
if we will adopt it? It recites that the
United States contend that they have a right
to present to the tribunal of arbitration at
Geneva claims for losses stated to have been
sustained "by the transfer of the American
commercial marine to the British flag, the en-
hanced payment of insurance, the prolongation
of the war, and the addition of a large sum to
the cost of the war and the suppression of the
rebellion," and that we have presented " these
so grave wrongs" to the Government, suffered
at the hands of Great Britain, to the proper
tribunal agreed upon by the parties to arbitrate
and decide the same.
Now if Great Britain will agree that here-
after, when any neutral nation suffers like
wrongs to be inflicted on a belligerent to those
she has done to us, that neutral nation shall
not be called upon to pay such damages and
losses so inflicted, and for that consideration
we will give up all our claims for all losses
that the nation has suffered at her hands, and
withdraw our claims from the arbitrators'
hands ; or, to get rid of diplomatic platitudes,
and state the proposition in plain language, it
amounts to this: Great Britain proposes that
we shall give up all clairh for the losses the
nation has suffered at her hands because of
the transfer of American commerce to her flag,
because of the immense amounts of war pre-
miums paid by us, because of her aid iu the
prolongation of the war, and the addition to
the cost of the suppression of the rebellion in
blood and treasure, which she claims make
equal the national debt, and if we will do so,
when we are at war hereafter, and Great Brit-
ain does again fit out cruisers to destroy our
commerce and cripple our resources as a na-
tion, we agree she shall not pay for any like
damage which she may have inflicted. True,
she iskind enough to say she will "accept"
the converse of the proposition; that if we, as
a neutral, suffer loss to be inflicted upon her by
cruisers from our ports, in that case We are
not to pay for like damages.
So far as we are concerned, this proposed
rule is illusory, and vain and useless for many
reasons. First, that we never have done any
of these wrongs, or been called upon to pay
them ; and it is not presupposed that we ever
shall so do in the future. Second, that by the
second rule imposed upon us by the sixth
article of the treaty of Washington we are
never to have the power of sending a cruiser
out which can injure England's commerce, be-
cause we are cut off by that rule from having
a coaling-station from which such cruiser can
supply herself with the munitions of war, in-
cluding coal, in any part of the world. We
shall be helpless to injure her even if we so
desire. Further, we are bound to use due dili-
gence only to restrain the fitting out of hostile
expeditions, and as we always have and always
shall use due diligence to prevent such leaving
our shores, then, by the very rules established
by the treaty, we shall not be liable for direct
damages even, much iess consequential and
indirect ones.
I know it is urged that we should establish
this rule, because it will be impossible in our
extended country, in the event that England
is in war, to prevent cruisers from being fitted
out and sailing from our ports. If impossible,
then we are not liable for their acts. We are
required by the rule of public law only to use
diligence, having proper municipal laws and
properly enforcing them to prevent hostile
expeditions, and then we are not liable at all;
so that this rule, which was only for bad and
faithless nations to their obligations, cannot
affect one which is, as we have been, always
more than faithful to our neutrality, as we have
demonstrated in the ease of Spain.
What other ground is there upon which the
adoption of this supplemental article is urged,
and who are urging it? It is said that we shall
not be able to borrow any more money in
England or in Europe if this treaty fails. But
is it necessary for us to sacrifice our national
honor in order that we may borrow money at
usury? If any honorable action can prevent
any further placing of our bonds and obliga-
tions abroad, by which the interest is to be
paid to a foreign creditor, leaving us in a con-
dition worse than that of the Irish tenant who
pays rent to an absent landlord, for one I shall
rejoice. In fact, is not this question of bor-
rowing money abroad the only impelling
power which is endeavoring to force the Gov-
ernment and the Senate into an adoption of
this supplemental article of treaty to withdraw
our claims as Britain demands ? Whence does
the pressure come save from the bankers and
the brokers, and the Boards of Trade in the sev-
eral cities, and the newspapers and writers con-
trolled by them? Every Senator, I doubt not,
is receiving telegrams and letters, especially
from the moneyed centers, urging the adoption
of the new article so that the writer may pledge
the obligations of his country abroad, even if she
cannot stand erect in the presence of nations.
But who is there here to represent the peo-
ple of the United States upon this question?
Who sends telegrams to Senators on their
behalf? Who writes letters beseeching Sen-
