18*72.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
4-2d Gong....2d Sess.
Sale of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Conkling.
Senate.
sion did they suppose was to come from tlie
assertions of the preamble, and the speeches
with which they followed it? Bismarck had
not complained that we had violated the duties
of neutrality. I have a right from the evi-
dence before us to say that he approved the
propriety of our course. That true German
and Christian gentleman, Baron Von Gerolt,
who at tho time represented the North German
Confederation here, never criticised or took
umbrage at our sales of stores. The "origin
of these criticisms and charges is widely differ-
ent ; and what impression, 1 repeat, except the
one these newspapers reflect, was expected
from such manifestoes at such a time?
I have seen an attempt to gild the unpa-
triotic features of this proceeding by saying
that the charge is not aimed at the American
people. Mr. President, that will not do. The
lacquer is too tbm. \Ve never charged the
British people with building and fitting out
rams for the rebels, and making England a
naval base for the confederacy. We did not
say the people of Britain permitted these acts.
We charged the British Government with guilt,
and our charge meant treaty or war. And when
these Senators charge the American Govern-
ment, the acknowledged authorities of our
country, with acts such as are depicted and
insinuated in this preamble, it will not do to
say the charge is harmless because it is not
leveled at the whole American people. It is
in effect leveled at the whole American people.
If the charge were true, the nation aggrieved
would have the right to hold America respons-
ible for it.
Listen again to some of the imputations we
have heard. I read the words of the Senator
from Massachusetts as they stand recorded in
the Globe:
"And now, sir, I present this ease on suspicions
aroused abroad and apparently sustained by docu-
ments here at home. That is all." * * * *
"American officials suspected! "Who, sir? How
suspected? Eminent they must he'if their names
or their positions are known in France; not without
evidence, if suspicion has been awakened so far
away."
And then, quoting what my friend from
New Jersey [Mr. Fbelinghuysen] most aptly
styled " the brag of a broker" that he had the
"strongest influences" at work for him, the
Senator continued:
"' The strongest influences working for us.' Sir,
what are tho 'strongest influences?' They could
not be men in the streets or mere attorneys hired
for the occasion; hardly members of Congress; they
must be men near the business in hand."
Who are these insinuations meant to hit?
What impression are they meant to carry
abroad ? Can you imagine a British peer utter-
ing words like these in the House of Lords at
random ? Can you imagine a British peer utter-
ing such words about his Government unless
they were wrung from him by a conviction after
thorough examination and when judgment and
conscience would no longer permit him to
doubt? Can you understand the utterance of
such words by an American Senator unless he
has made sure of his ground ? Can you imagine
a Senator professing to belong to the political
party charged with the administration of the
Government making such statements in his
place without having taken every pains to ascer-
tain their truth, ay, without having taken a
bond of fate to guard against mistake?
The Senator tells us he knew of this subject
before December. Ay, long before Decem-
ber. I speak in the hearing of Senators who
do know that weeks before December this mat-
ter was being prepared and trained as a mine,
the explosion of which would destroy officials
"eminent" indeed, even higher than the rep-
resentatives of the people, higher than mem-
bers of Congress.
The honorable Senator says he ^ kept his
design locked up in the depths of his own
consciousness. He revealed it to no one.
Let me read his words:
"At any rate, I know that no human being had
reason to suppose X was to movo in it until I did."
Here, Mr. President, is a remarkable phe-
nomenon. The substance of this portentous
preamble and resolution was published in
Boston, in Chicago, and in Cincinnati before
it was presented here, with an announcement
that it was to be presented on the next day.
Can anything be found in clairvoyance or
psychology to exceed this? Burke said the
age of chivalry had passed away; but clearly
the age of miracles is still upon us.
We know that the honorable Senator is very
near the press; but there is nothing in the
nearness of Damon and Pythias, nor of Komeo
and Juliet, which comes so close to absolute
oneness as this. 1 might borrow the language
of a hymn, and say of the newspaper men and
the Senator—
"They know the words he means to speak
JSro from his opening lips they break."
[Laughter.]
It is marvelous that such silence, such reti-
cence, such reluctance, should not have kept
this huge affair from being darkly hinted in
political circles for months, and from being
recorded in newspapers before it broke upon
the ears of the Senate. It is possible that as
men engaged in daring and perilous ventures,
sometimes cast lots as to which shall do the
deed, so there was, down to a recent period,
some doubt as to who should bear the match
that was to fire the fuse, that was to explode
the bomb, that was to destroy a dreaded pres-
idential candidate, and disable all who sustain
him. The cast of characters may not have
been agreed on, nor the heavy part given to
the Senator till late.
But the Senator from Massachusetts knew
of the matter for weeks; did he take one
natural, one generous or just step to ascertain
the truth of his assertions? He alleges in his
preamble—and I wish once more to call atten-
tion to the language—this:
" It anpears from the official report of the Secre-
tary of War that in the year 1870-71 the sale ot ord-
nance stores leached the sum of $10,000,000, from
which, according to tho report,, only a small sum was
retained to meet the expenses of preparing other
stores for sale"—
Now mark, Mr. President:
"while tho official report of the Secretary of the
Treasury for the same year acknowledges the receipt
of only $8,"286,131 70, showing a difference of over
$1,700,000."
This charge I understand to be withdrawn
now; but why was it published and sent
throughout two hemispheres ? That is the ques-
tion. I have heard the Senator quote a say-
ing which he thinks started with Fisher Ames,
that a lie will run a mile while the truth is
putting on its shoes and stockings; and why
was such a calumny sent to traverse the earth
and sea without some pains being taken in
advance to see whether even apparently it. had
the shadow of foundation ? 'I he very official
report referred to on its face disproves it. No
allegation can be more false, or more palpably
false, than the allegation that the finance
report in question acknowledges the receipt of
only $8,286,131. It is doubly untrue. First,
no such thing appears ; and second, the reverse
appears.
One word from the Secretary of the treas-
ury, one word from any clerk connected with
the accounts in the Treasury Department,
would have dispelled and exploded this de-
lusion. The War Department is m sight of
the windows of the Senator from Massachu-
setts. In that Department lies a record, an
original record, proving immutably by items
every sale of arms. The lodgings of the Sec-
retary of War are divided from the lodgings
of the Senator from Massachusetts only by a
street. A biscuit can be tossed from one to
the other. Knowing of this subject since be-
fore December, did the honorable Senator
take the pains to inquire of his neighbor and
constituent, the Secretary of the Treasury, or
of his immediate neighbor here, the Secretary
of War? No, sir. 1 have a right to say no,
for I pressed the Senator upon that point.
When he objected to an interruption by the
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] to correct
his Associated Press dispatch, 1 asked him
whether he had faketi the trouble to inquire
if the sale he sought to show by the news-
paper had in fact occurred, the statement of
the Secretary of War not showing it; and his
answer stands recorded:
" I have held no communication with the Depart-
ment on the subject."
No communication with tho Department;
but the tedious labor of rolling back and ran-
sacking newspaper files was not distasteful
when the object was to impeach the word of
the Secretary of War; and accordingly the
ponderous files of the New York Times were
turned back a year and three months to find
an Associated Press dispatch in Oetober,
1870—for what? To prove that the Secretary
of War certified falsely when he sent a com-
munication to the House rendering an account
of his stewardship in the disposition of ord-
nance stores. _
But what will the Senate think if it turns out
that this Associated Press dispatch, brought in
for such a purpose, nowhere states the sale of
arms or of ordnance stores ? Let me read it:
"The bids under the advertisements of October
17, opened at tho Ordnanco Bureau yesterday, aro
as follows."
"The bids opened are as follows"—not
an intimation that they were accepted ; not
a statement whether they were rejected or
accepted; but the Senator, with the Treasury
Department on his way to the Capitol, with
the Secretary of War at his elbow, waited
through the gay and leisurely holiday season,
and came into the Senate in the month of
February, no question having been asked of
either Secretary, and read, that the nation
might hear, an Associated Press dispatch,
empty in fact, and introduced for no purpose
save to impeach the word of the Secretary of
War.
But this was not enough. The Secretary
was to be chased yet further with the hot foot
of hostile eagerness. The Senator says:
"They"—
That is, the authorities—
" took no initiative, but sent a report to the other
House which on examination excited still further
suspicion." 1 * * * "But, sir, this report
which i hold in my hand, and which was sent hero
to counteract the inquiry already foreseen
There is a pleasant suggestion. For gener-
ous candor and charity, commend me to a fling
like that. Let me give a moment to it. Sent
to Congress " to counteract the inquiry already
foreseen !" Why should the Secretary of Wat-
wish to thwart an inquiry ; why could he wish
it except that " conscience does make cow-
ards of us all?" Does not everyone seethe
imputation, the double imputation in this lan-
guage : first, that the Secretary of War had a
guilty consciousness, the black drop in his
heart we call guilty motive, to escape the
investigation; and second, that be made an
attempt to circumvent and evade investigation
by a trick upon the House of X^epresentatives ?
But further:
" If you look at it"—
That is, at this report—
" you will find on its face—how shall I express it?—
an incompleteness, if not a slovenliness ot prepara-
tion Here is this long list containing the amount
of sales but there is no addition, there is no sum
total at the end. Why was that omitted ? I hope
before this debate is over that there will be some
explanation of it. 1 1 ""
1 have heard of an explanation
