1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2799
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL
Mr. COLE. Now I hope we may proceed
•with the conference report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
farther Senate resolutions, the Senator from
California moves that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the report of the confer-
ence committee made to day.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the report.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 1060) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government tor the year ending June 30, 1873, and
for other purposes, having met, after full and tree
conference, have agreed to recommend, and do rec-
ommend. to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 12, 20, 27. 28, 29, 30, 31, 35, 37, 45, 61, 62, 61.
68, 69, 70, 71, 73, 74, 75. and 78.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Sen-
ate numbered 13, 15,18,19. 33, 36, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43,
44, 60, 63, 65, 72, 79. 80, 85. 86, 8T, and 88, and ayree to
the same.
That the Senate recede fiom their disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the eighth amend-
ment of the Senate, and agree to the same with an
amendment as follows: on page 6, iine fifteen of
the bill, strike out all after the word "fifty," down
to the end of line sixteen, on the same page, and
insert in lieu 44$3,422and the House agree to
the same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the twenty-fifth amendment *of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
strike out all alter the word 44 after,in line two of
said amendment, down to and including the word
" Congress," in line three, and insert m lieu the fol-
lowing words, "tne 4th day of March, 1875;" and
the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the thirty-fourth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to said Senate amendment.
That the Semite recede fiom their disagreement
to the amendments of the House to the fifty-fifth
and seventy-sixth amendments of the Senate, and
agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the sixty-sixth
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendments: in line three of
said House amendment, strike out the word "forty,"
and insert in lieu the word " thirtyand the House
agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the sixty-seventh
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
"with the following amendment: strike out oi said
House amendment the words "ninety-two," and
insert in lieu thereof the word "eighty;" and the
House agree to the same.
That the House reccede from their disagreement
to the seventy-seventh amendment of the Senate,
and agree to the same with the following amend-
ment: in lieu of the woids proposed to be stricken
out, insert the following: "for one cleik of class
four, two clerks of class two, one clerk of class one,
and two laborers, additional force in the money-
order office, $7,240; and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighty-third amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: strike
out from the words proposed to be inserted m said
amendment where it first occurs the word " two,"
• and insert in lieu thereof the word "four;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the eighty-fourth
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendment: strike out all after
theword "three," where it occurs thesecond time in
line eight of said House amendment, down to and
including the words 44 per annum," in line nine; and
in iine nine,strikeout the word "three" andinsertin
lieu the word "seven;" and in line seventeen of said
House amendment, strike out the words "six thou-
sand" and insert in lieu thereof "five thousand
six hundred;" aud the House agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagieement to
the ninetieth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: inline
four of said amendment strikeout the word "fifty,"
and insert in lieu thereof the words " twenty-five;"
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the ninety-second
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with an amendment as follows: substitute in lieu
of the first clause of said House amendment the
following: "That a commission, consisting of the
Secretary of the Interior, the chief engineer of the
Army, and the officer in charge of public buildings
and grounds, is hereby authorized and directed to
examine and report to Congress prior to the second
Monday of December next,. a plan by which the
locomotive railroad track in front of the western
entrance of the Capitol shall be removed, with due
^regard to the rights of all parties concerned, and by
which proper connections with other railroads may j
be madeand the House agree to th% same. !
That the House recede from their disagreement to •
the ninety-third amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same, with an amendment as follows :
substitute in lieu thereof the following: "that
from and afrer the 1st day of July, 1872, the annual
salaries of the Second Comptroller, of the Register,
and of the supervising architect of the Treasury
Department shall be $4,000 each; and the annual
salary of the judges of the Court oi Claims shall be
$4,500 each, and a sum sufficient to carry into effect
the provisions of this section to the end of the fiscal
year ending June 30,1873, is hereby appropriated;"
and the Senate agree to tne same.
C. COLE,
JUSTIN S.MORRILL.
FREDERICK A. SAWYER,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JAMES A. GARFIELD,
F. CLARKE,
WILLIAM E. NIBLACK,
Managers on the xtart of the Howie*
Mr. COLE. It is not my purpose to detain
the Senate more than a moment in explana-
tion of the report made by the conference
committee. Since the debate a few days ago
the points in dispute are well understood, and
the Senate may well conclude from the time
consumed in reaching a report in this case,
that there has been some disagreementbetween
the branches of the committee representing the
different Houses.
The changes which have been recommended
are for the purpose of making the report more
agreeable to what was regarded as the wish of
the Senate, and their apparent desire, or the
desire of some members of the Senate, and
these related to only three or four points.
An objection was made to the incorporation
in the bill of a provision appointing a mes-
senger for the Committee on Appropriations.
I ought to state that in another portion of this
bill two officers of the Senate were stricken oat,
the superintendent of furnaces aud his assist-
ant, which two officers had been doing duly as
messengers. The force now is very small;
and the Committee on Appropriations—I am
not speaking now of any others, because I do
not know of their wants—were really in need
of a messenger. It may be an economy for
Senators to perform the duties of messengers
and pages while they ought to be in their com-
mittee-rooms engaged in the consideration of
bills. If such is the judgment of the Senate,
we will try to conform to it as far as possible.
Objection was made to the clause for addi-
tional clerks in the Land Office. There will
be by a bill that is now pending large appro-
priations for the survey of public lands, arid
the increase of duty in that Department will be
very considerably larger during the next fiscal
year than during the present fiscal year, or,
perhaps, during the past fiscal year, and the
necessity therefore for more force is regarded
as absolute. The committee of conference
have agreed to report an amendment allowing
thirty additional clerks for one year only in
the Land Office to bring up the back work
and keep up with the increase of current ser-
vice in that Department.
Next, m regard to the salaries of judges,
thai amendment was modified by leaving out
any reference to the salaries of the supreme
court judges of this District, and by making
the salaries of the judges of the Court of
Claims uniformly $4,500.
These, I belie\e, are all the changes that
have beeu made by the committee to which I
need refer. I might refer to one other in
regard to the clerk of the Speaker of the
House of Representatives. Though he is pro-
vided for in this bill, yet it is only a transfer
from another designation to that designa-
tion. The amount has not been increased.
The contingent fund of the House has been
decreased proportionately, and this is made a
specific office, whereas before he was paid out
of the contingent fund, and I believe Senators
generally arn anxious that we shall be more
distinct aud specific in designating the items
of appropriation.
I do not think I need detain the Senate a
moment further unless there is some Senator
who yet dissents from some provision of the
bill as it is now reported ; but let me say here
that this is the first one of the general appro-
priation bills, and this is not through, and we
are stopped and balked upon this even at this
stage of the proceeding. I hope there will be
a disposition on the part of the Senate to let
us dispose of these leading appropriation bills
without any unnecessary embarrassment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the conference report.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. I should like to inquire
what the objection to the report- is?
Mr. CARPENTER. One great objection I
have is to the appropriation in regard to the
civil service. Another objection is that I un-
derstand they have stricken off the salaries of
'judges of the supreme court of this District.
Another is that I understand they throw away
the provision relative to the salaries of the dis-
trict judges of the United States. That is
sufficient for me to vote again st it; hut there
are several other things that I might mention.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 39, nays II$ an follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
man, Buckingham, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Feu-
ton. Ferry of Connecticut, Frelir>.ghuysen, Gilbert,
(jroldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas,, Hamlin, Harlan,
Johnston, Kelly, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Pumeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ransom, Saw-
yer. Scott, Sherman, Stevenson. iStewart, Stockton,
Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, Vick^rs, West, Wilson,
Windom, and Wright—J9.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Carpenter, Cooper, Ferry
of Michigan, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Logan, Nye, Os-
born. Rice, and Robertson—11.
ABSENT — Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cameron, Oasseily, Clayton, Coi'bett, Cragin, Davis
of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia. Edmunds,
Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Howe, Lewis,
Norwood, Patterson, Ramsey, Saulsbury, S'-churz,
Spencer, Sprague, and Thurman—24.
So the report was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM TIIB IIOUSB
A message from the Hou.se of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, anno unced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No.
1014) to amend an act entitled "An uct to
authorize the construction of a bridge across
the Missouri river at or near St. Joseph^ Mis-
souri," approved March 5, 1872.
PAY OF SENATOR. HANSOM.
Mr. BAYARD submitted the following res-
olution : which was relerred to the Cora mittee
on Privileges and Elections :
Resolved, That the pay of Hon. Matthew W.
Ransom, as a Senator from the State of North Car-
olina, shall commence from the 4th day of March,
A. D. 1871.
SMITHSONIAN RKPORT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Smith-
sonian institution, transmitting the annual
report of the operations of that institution for
the year 1871 j which wag ordered t o lie on
the table and be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the follow ing reso-
lution $ which was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
Resolved, (the House of Representati? es concur-
ring.) That twelve thousand live hundred additional
copies of the leport of the Smithsonian 'Institution
for the year 1871 be piinted; twenty-live hundred
of which shall be for the use of the Senate, five
thousand for the useof theHouse, and five thousand
for the use ot the institution : Rrovideii, That the
aggregate number ot pages of said repo rt shall not
exceed four hundred and fifty ; and that there shall
be no illustrations except those furnu ned by the
Simthsouian Institution.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1654). making appropriation s to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for th«* fiscal year
ending June 30, 1872y and for former years,
and for other purposes, the pending question
