1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1903
Mr. CREBS. I ask to have my amendment
now read.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I yield for a
few minutes to my colleague on the com-
mittee, the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Eldredge.]
Mr. ELDREDGE. The committee have
had this subject under consideration for a con-
siderable length of time, and have given a
very patient and attentive hearing to all of the
parties who seem to be interested iti the loca-
tion of this depot. Congress, by an act passed
some years ago, authorized this company to
locate its depots in the street or angle near
Virginia avenue. Since then a large public
school-house has been built at a very consider-
able expense, which, if this depot is allowed
to remain at that point, will, so far as the
practical use of it for school purposes is con-
cerned, be absolutely worthless. It would be
almost as well to take the children who attend
that school and put them on the track of a
railroad as for them to run round in the neigh-
borhood of thp depot of this road.
In this bill there is a provision for the com-
pany surrendering the right which Congress
tad granted them on Virginia avenue. The
bill then provides for the road running through
Sixth street from Virginia avenue up to north
B street, which is the street immediately iti the
rear of the first block south of the avenue.
The bill provides every guard for the public.
It provides that the rails which are laid down
on Sixth street shall be flat rails, such as are
used for the running of horse cars. It pro-
vides that the company shall at all times make
the proper crossing, either above or below
its track, with the proper bridges, in accord-
ance with the regulations of the authorities
in the city of Washiugton and the Secretary
of War. It provides, as we think, everything
that is required of a railroad company in the
establishment of its depots. It provides that
this depot shall be equal or superior to the
depot built at Lancaster, in the State of Penn-
sylvania. It provides further, that when the
company shall have built their depot—when
they shall haye done all that was required to
be done oil their part, under and by virtue of
this bill—Congress may at any time repeal, or
alter, or amend this bill, so as to remove them
entirely from the place that is assigned to them
for their depot grounds.
My colleague upon the committee, my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Crebs,] has an amendment
wherein he proposes to have commissioners to
assess the actual value of the lands, or the
interest of the value of the lands belonging to
the United States. If that amendment were
adopted, it would have the effect of giving the
title absolutely aud unconditionally to this
company. They would become, in fact, the
owners of it in fee, after having paid what the
commissioners should decide the interest of
the United States in these lands is worth. The
other members of the-committee thought it
was better not to give them the absolute title,
but to hold a check over them for their proper
conduct and good behavior and the accom-
modation of the public in a proper manner,
and in order that they should do all that they
are required to do under the bill, to hold over
them the right of Congress at any time to
repeal this act and cause them to remove the
structures which they should put upou this
ground.
Mr. SWANN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Elxjkedgk] a single
question.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I shall be happy to hear
the gentleman's question.
Mi. SWANN. I would ask the gentleman
where it is understood that the title to these
lands which it is proposed to allow this com-
pany to occupy rests, whether in the city of
Washington or in the United States?
Mr. ELDREDGE. In answer to the gentle-
man's question, I will say that we have not
ourselves examined that point so far as to
look into the abstract of title as lawyers. But
we have become satisfied that the titl'e is some-
what in doubt. The city authorities have
rented these lands for some forty years, in
connection with the ca.nal company, for cnal-
yards, for wood-yards, and for miserable hovels
for an indescribable business, and have col-
lected during all that period of time rents for
the use and occupation of those who occupy
the land. The canal company undoubtedly
owned at one time a portion of this land.
1 have no doubt the United States owns a
portion of the land absolutely and uncondi-
tionally. There is a portion of it which form-
erly belonged to the canal company, and the
title to that portion of it is now supposed to
be in the city of Washington. So far we have
ascertained what the title is, but this company
is willing to take the title as it is; having
received from the city authorities of Washing-
ton the right so far as they are concerned to
build on this laud their depot, -they now ask
that the United States will give them the same
right,, leleasing as an equivalent the rights and
privileges granted them by the act of Congress
on Virginia avenue for the same purpose.
Now, if you are not willing to give them the
absolute title to this land without pay, I think
it is better for the public, better for the city,
better for the company, that we should give
them the privilege of building their depot on
this land, and hold at the same time a check
over them by the right to repeal or alter the
law under which they have erected their
building.
A word now in regard to the amendment
suggested by the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Poland.] For one, I am in favor of his
amendment as a separate bill. He offered it
at a late session of the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, when we had been consid-
ering other questions more particularly, and
the amendment met my views. I desired,
however, that he should present it in the form
of a separate bill. It is claimed that the man-
agers of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad have
stood in the way, aud have played the part,
if I may so express it, of the "dog in the
manger" in regard to depots in this city.
Mr. ARCHER. In what respect?
Mr. ELDREDGE. In the fact that they
have opposed the location of this depot until
they themselves should have equal rights, as
they call it. I am in favor of givingthem just
as great privileges as we give tb this company.
Mr. SWANN. That is all they ask.
Mr. ELDREDGE. That I am in favor of,
and I believe the Committee for the District
of Columbia are unanimously in favor of it.
All they ask of Mr. Garrett and the Balti-
more and Ohio company is that they shall
complete their plan and come and present it
to the committee. We are ready to vote for
this amendment in a separate bill if proposed
by the gentleman from Vermont. I have no
feeling against the Baltimore and Ohio railroad,
nor would I deprive it of any right or privilege
that I would give to any other road. What we
want is to accommodate the general public.
The fact is known to every member "upon this
floor that there never was a place in the coun-
try of theimportance of the city of Washington
with such miserable railroad facilities. Those
of us who travel from Chicago to Washing-
ton know the difficulties we encounter in com-
ing here. We come to Baltimore, and there
are met by an omnibus line to bring us from the
Baltimore to the Washington depot. We can
only check our baggage to the Northern Cen-
tral depot, and then cheek it to the Washing-
ton, and then to Washington, and we must
cheek ourselves in the same way. [Laughter.]
Those of us coming from the West must cross
Baltimore in an omnibus line. Now, what we
want in establishing this depot, and what the
committee considered, was to have a depot here
which shall not only accommodate the local
public of Washington, but the general traveling
public of this country. This city is largely
visited by citizens from all parts of the country
during the session of Congress, and we want a
depot so convenient that people (Mn get in and
out of the city.
Let me say one word further. If we locate
the depot on Sixth street, instead of on Vir-
ginia avenue, it will save every traveler com-
ing to Washington from one to two dollars
every time he comes here or leaves here. From
this point he would be able to take the street
cars and go to his hotel or place of abode,
whereas if the depot were on Virginia avenue,
where this company propose to give up the
rights given to them, a man must take a hack
at the extortionate prices required here
of everybody who comes here to get to his
hotel or place of abode. In every respect this
will be a great accommodation to the people
of the country.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. _ I yield now to
the Delegate from the District of Columbia,
[Mr. Chii'Man,] and then I will yield to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Crebs. J
Mr. CHIPMAN. I feel that it is due to
myself and to the people whom I represent
that I should say a few words upon this bill.
So far as the public sentiment of this District
is concerned it is favorable to the passage of
this measure, except on the part of those who
regard the prospective park west of the Cap-
itol and stretching down along toward the
Executive Mansion of more importance than
the commercial interests of this city and of
this District. As showing the sentiment of
business men here, I submit, to be embodied in
my remarks, this petition, which is a fair
expression of the great masses of the District:
To the honorable the Committee on the District of
Columbia of the House of Representatives :
We, the undersigned pioperty-owners and mer-
chants doing business on tho north and south side
of Pennsylvania avenue in the immediate vicinity
of the proposed depot of the Baltimore and Potomac
railroad, respectfully petition your honorable com-
mittee to ratify the action of our city councils in
granting to the Baltimore and Potomac railroad the
reservation bounded by S xth and B streets and tho
canal for the erection of their passenger depot, be-
lieving, as we do, that said locality will redound to
the advantage of both the business and traveling
public.
Bryan Brothers, Thomas E. Young,
Jainos B. Bryan, P. & 11. J. Fegan,
J hn and David Moore, Orrin M. Dearborn,
NesigBeale, John Lynn,
Beall & Baker, L. Palmer,
F. A. Lutz, jr., & BrO., fc*. St S. Spearein,
John A. Lutz, F. H.Murray,
T. U. Spiccr, agent of Joseph Platz,
Victor scwing-inachine. J. A. Luiley,
II. H. Hempler, J. W. Kennedy & Co,,
John H. Moore, John E. Kendall,
W. D. Wyvil, W.C.King,
C. L. Bacheller, Barbour & Hamilton,
William Young & Bro., James S. Barbour,
H. Browning, W. H. Harrover,
Browning k. Middleton, H. T. Zimmerman
Daniel Shannahan & Son
& Co., George Ryneal, jr.,
H. Falther, JohnOgden,
James Y. Davis & Sons, Benjamin F. Morsel],
S. Goldstein & Co., Tucker & Sherman,
J F. Cake, Metropolitan William II. Tucker,
Hotel. H. F. Davis,
Weloker & Hagerty, Frank Henry,
Frank Hagerty, Fitzhugh Coyie,
P. M. Dubant, John H. Semmes,
W.J.Martin, St. Marc Hotel,
M. Hirsh, Hall Hume,
Z. D. Giiman, John Purdy,
J.Karr, R.S.Cropley,
Green & Williams, John B. Scott,
E. E. White, John H. Johnson,
H. W. Hall, E. II. Gregory,
Yates «fc Wisvral], Rcbecca E. Hyatt,
Benjamin De WollF, Mary A. Pursell,
W. Lilly, Charles Stott,
MarshaR Brown, Z. W. Cromwell,
Robert Cohen, Charles Stott & Co.,
Thomas Parker, William R, Riley,
B. D. Howard, Howard Joseph S. Riley,
House, Metzger <fc Byles,
Hooo & Bro.. M. G. Emery.
William L. Wall, J. Van Riswick,
H. Serakon, John F. Webb,
Johnston & Colley, M. W. Beyendge,
Jan© Glover, Fant, Washington
James Molan. & Co.,
Lewis Johnson & Co., H. G. h ant.
As the Representative of this District, I
have sought to protect private interests affected
by the bill, and I think this has been done
very carefully in the bill as amended, and
by subjecting the property, real and personal,
