'60
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
Senate.
Sale of Arms to French Agents—Mr. ConUing.
4 2d Cong....2d Sess.
from an important quarter, and I await communi-
cation of it by some other Senator, I have said ibat
this report, sent to the other Chamber as an answer
in advance to any possible inquiry, is incomplete;
lam almost ready to say painfully incomplete."
The row of figures wag not added up I Mr.
President,, it was Paul—Paul, the noblest advo-
cate tliat ever stood before a court—who said,
" Though I speak with the tongue of men and
of angels, and have not charity, I am become
as sounding brass and a tinkling cymbal.
"0, beware, my lord of jealousy;
It is the green-eyed monster which doth mock
The meat it feeds on."
A great master tells us that—
"Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind."
How can a suspicion so unworthy, so base-
less. so barbarous, find harbor in a breast so
guileless, so generous, so gentle, so just?
Mr. President, a scent less keen, eyes less
bloodshot, prejudices less blinding, passions
less unpitying, would have avoided many errors
in this ugly business. Let me speak of one
strange blunder, if blunder it be, of which you
have not heard. One of the most odious and
enormous charges of the preamble is this: it
is alleged, in substance, that France paid our
Government for arms a great sum of money,
and that our "officials" have not. accounted for
it, but that a deficit is shown by the accounts.
The Senate will see the elements of this charge.
The first element is, of course, a purchase from
our Government; because if the purchase was
not from the Government no such charge, or
question, or deficiency, could exist. The pre-
amble refers to the authority for this accusa-
tion. What is the authority? The French
account, as it appears in the report of a French
commission. The Senator from Massachu-
setts produced this report, and he and the
Senator from Missouri both used it, and re-
ferred to it, to sustain, and they stated that it
did sustain, the allegation based upon it. I
read now from the preamble: _
Whereas a comparison of the accounts rendered
by the Freneh Government for moneys expended by
its agents in the purchase of arms from the United
States, and the accounts rendered by the Govern-
ment of the United States for moneys received in
the same transaction, show a large difference, which
seems to have given rise to the suspicion abroad
that United States officials have taken an undue
part therein.
It will be seen that the marrow of this
count of the indictment is that the United
States was the seller. The averment is that
the money was expended "in the purchase of
arms from the United States." The intention
of the draughtsman does not rest upon the words
"from the United States" alone, because the
sentence concludes by saying that " United
States officials" are those suspected in the
transaction. Thus the Senate will see that
the pith of this specification, and the whole
sting and force ot it, is that arms were pur-
chased "from" the United States. If arms
were only purchased in the United States, if
they were only purchased of citizens and mer-
chants in America, it would be absurd to lalk
about the Government as a party to the sales;
or of officials," as those who made commis-
sions or profits. The record produced of the
French report in which the account of moneys
paid is given, was the New York Sun. Here
it is—the Sun of July 12, 1871.
The Senator from Massachusetts and the
Senator from Missouri adopted this translation,
and brought it forward. I have taken the
trouble to look also at the original in the
Freneh paper, and poor as are my attainments
in foreign tongues, I venture the prediction
that no doubt will be set up as to the correct-
ness of the translation in the respects to which
I now call attention. I hold up the record,
and deny the truth of the version which has
been given of it. I say there is no such ac-
count as we have had quoted to us. There is
no statement of hint that a farthing was ever
paid to the United States for arms ; there is
no hint in this record that arms were ever pur-
chased from the United States. The assertion
in the preamble is a perversion; it is more, it
is a fabrication out of whole cloth. The lan-
guage is more than tortured, it is more than
garbled; the true language and sense is omitted
and suppressed, and other language with dif-
ferent and opposite meaning is put in its place.
I read the French record. First comes the
Sun's editorial preface. It is of value on the
point I make, because the chief editor of the
Sun is one of the most accomplished linguists
in our land, and with a French paper before
him he knows what he sees. This is his intro
ductory remark:
" The commission immediately entered upon its
labors, and on the 27th of June, Mr. Leon Riant, to
whom bad been intrusted the investigation of the
purchases of arms and ammunition here in New
York, presented to the Assembly his special report."
Observe the statement: "purchases here in
New York," not in Washington or of the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
Now I come to the passage marked by the
Senator from Massachusetts. The editor says:
" In order that our readers may understand the
whole matter we give a translation of the report of
M. Kiant in full, as we find it in the Journal Official
de la R6publique Frangaise, June 28."
I read now the opening passage of the report:
"The commission of armament, led at the outset
of its operations by the insufficiency of the European
production, to effect purchases of arms in the United
tstates "—
" In the United States," not "from the Uni-
ted States." Then follows some figures ; and
I come to the second passage marked by the
Senator:
" The majority of the arms purchased in the Uni-
ted States have been delivered by the firm of Rem-
ington, or purchased by its intervention." <fcc.
Nothing is said of purchases from ihe Uni-
ted States. The only statement bearing on
the point is that the United States is the coun-
try in which the purchases were made.
Here, then, is the truth of the matter. The
French commission make report of arms
bought in the United States, of arms bought
in New York, of arms bought in the American
market, of American dealers. The commis-
sion does not report that any arms were
bought from the United States, or that any
transaction in arms ever took place with the
Government of the United States—no such
thing. Yet this report, written and printed in
a foreign tongue, is produced here by reference
and statement, to show not what it does show,
but what it does not show. The difference
between the fact and the assertion is as plain
as between black and white. It is a vital and
a convenient difference. Truly rendered, the
report has nothing to do with the case, and
cannot touch any official; but as it has been
rendered, it has everything to do with the case,
and soils American officials. Taken in con-
nection with the animus to be seen throughout
this affair, this error is very suggestive. Such
a mistake on a trial for horse stealing might
disbar an attorney, or rob a witness of his
liberty. I make no statement or suggestion
who is guilty of this error or offense. I do not
know. It would have been a fearful mistake
in a case where the rights of au individual
were staked, it is a graver matter where the
rights and the good name of a nation are in
the scales. We have heard something of a
book keeper, who compared this account with
the accounts in our Departments. He was not
named, his name seemed a secret, but if this
be bis handiwork, and he continues his trade,
he may yet leave a—
" Name to other times
Linked with one virtue and a thousand crimes."
I wish to guard my statement here, and I
ask my honorable friend from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmunds,] who has scanned this report and
translation more closely than I, to witness my
assertion. Referring to the pass-ages marked,
(which I have looked at and answer lor myself,)
and referring also to the entire report, there
is not, I think, anywhere a statement or a hint
that arms or ordnance stores were bought from
the United States, but only a description of
them as having been purchased in the United
States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No place in itwherethey
are spoken of as ever having belonged to the
United States.
Mr. GONKLING- I repeat the answer of
the honorable Senator, as it may not have
reached the ears of all the Senate, namely,
that there is no place in that report in which
it appears that these arms were ever owned
by the United States.
Mr. President, how coraes all this succes-
sion of errors or misstatements in this pream-
ble? There is not one substantial averment
which has not been pulverized. How came
they there ? I submit to the Senator himself
whether that care and caution due from the
highest and the humblest in matters affeciing
the rights of even individuals would not have
shunned errors so manifold and so monstrous.
If the credulity of any Senator has been im-
posed upon, I suggest it is high time that it
should be admitted.
But, Mr. President, blunders are not all,
and blunders were not enough. The pream-
ble was not enough ; the speeches by which it
was to be followed were not enough. The
affair must be huge and sensational to the
utmost. There must be lightning all around
the sky. The occasion must be full of signs
and wonders. Stars must shoot madly from
their spheres. The whole continent must
stand aghast, and its blood must freeze at the
audacity and monstrosity of official sin. The
whole thing must be grand, gloomy, and pecu-
liar. We must have a .--elect committee. The
sage must be crowded with stanling and
theatrical effects! Why a select committee?
Two months ago the Senate was libeled tor
days if not weeks, because it was suggested
that it might be wise and convenient to dis-
tribute investigations among different com-
mittees ; that it might not be best to have one
committee for all investigations. We were
told then, in no polite or measured phrase,
that to distribute investigations between dif-
ferent committees was to cloak fraud and
stifle investigation. We must have one com-
mittee, we were told, a standing committee,
a committee on retrenchment and investiga-
tion, and this committee, scouring earth and
sea, must investigate eveiythiug. We raised
the committee The rt-st of us have been
compelled to refer investigations far more sub-
stantial and useful than this to that commitiee.
Why should not this investigation go there
also ? Mr. President, I will tell you why.
There was something beyond the sensation to
be produced when the people of the country
should see the curtain rise and discover the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts with a
special committee of seven at his back. The
sensation would of course have been immense,
the committee would have been majestic, and
the affair such a mammoth that the committee
in charge of it must have nothing else to do.
But something beyond this greaL tableau was
hoped for in a special committee, it would,
of course, if ihe Senator from Massachusetts
was to he<id it, be a deeply biased committee.
Had the original motion lor a retrenchment
committee prevailed literally as it was offered
last April and again last December ; had the
motion prevailed to revive the old committee
of which the Senator from New Hampshire,
now absent, [Mr. Patterson,] was chairman,
and from which he had buen transleried to the
chairmanship of another committee, leaving
