112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
disability has been removed, so that they
could not come within the restrictions of the
amendment upon any construction.
Mr. KING. Therefore it is overruled.
Mr. BINGHAM. Agreed; it does not come
■within the amendment at all. Now, as to
Rhode Island. The gentleman [Mr. Cox]
does not venture to refer to any other State in
this Union that can be affected by the four-
teenth amendment in its representation upon
any hypothesis he dare assume before this
House. It is fair to assume that in the gen-
tleman's opinion Rhode Island is the only
State that can by any possibility be reduced in
representation, under the bill introduced by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
worth,] by reason of the provision of the four-
teenth amendment. The whole population of
Rhode Island, as returned by the census, is
217,353. The whole male population of Rhode
Island over twenty-one years of age, as re-
turned by the census, is 43,996. The whole
number of persons disqualified, being male cit-
izens over twenty-one years of age in Rhode
Island, even if you include those disqualified
for other causes than those within the consti-
tutional provision, is 2,835. What is the pro-
vision of the fourteenth article? It is this:
that Representatives shall be appointed among
the several States according to the whole num-
ber of persons in each State, excluding In-
dians not taxed. That is '' the basis of repre-
sentation" under the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution.
What is the limitation of the amendment ?
But when the right to vote for officers therein
named is denied to any of the male inhabit-
ants of such State being twenty-one years of
age and citizens of the United States, or in
any way abridged, except for participation in
rebellion or other crime, the basis of repre-
sentation therein shall be reduced in the pro-
portion which the number of such male citi-
zens so denied or abridged in their right shall
bear to the whole number of male citizens
twenty-one years of age in such State. What
is to be reduced? The basis of representa-
tion. What does the section say shall be the
basis of representation of a State ? The whole
number of people in it, excepting Indians not
taxed. By what rate shall it be reduced ? It
shall be reduced iu the proportion which the
number of such male citizens denied the right
to vote, or abridged in the right, shall bear to
the whole number of male citizens over
twenty-one years of age in the State. What
is that proportion in Rhode Island? It is six
fier cent, and a fraction not worth calculating,
and which the gentleman and I combined
could hardly calculate in a week. What does
that amount to under this constitutional pro-
vision? It amounts to 13,041. What is the
proportion it bears to the whole representative
population? Take^ 13,041 from 217,353,
which ^ is the basis of its representation
according to the fourteenth article of amend-
ment,, and you have 204,312, which is the rep-
resentative population in the State of Rhode
Island. What, sir, is the ratio under this
bill? It is 136,000 in round numbers, accord-
ing to the rule fixed by law for twentv con-
secutive years, and now the rule of law" as it
stands on the statute-book. Take the 136,000
from 204,312 of representative population in
Rhode Island, and you have 68,312 persons
remaining, which is the moiety required by
this bill, and three hundred and twelve more
than is necessary to entitle Rhode Island to
two Representatives. I want to know what
the gentleman has to say about it.
Mr. COX. I say your calculations are
wrong.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is easy for gentlemen
to say that figures lie.
Mr. COX. It is only necessary to under-
stand the simple rules of arithmetic.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment is exhausted, and no further
amendment is in order.
Mr. COX. Whatever is ascertainable ought
to be stated.
Mr. BINGHAM. So it can. I understood
the gentleman, as I proceeded, to admit the
the proportion I gave was right, 13,041.
Mr. COX. It is 13,478. The gentleman has
made a mistake.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is my statement in
regard to that thing: but the gentleman now
says the difference between us is lour hundred :
and that will be more than overcome by re-
ducing the ratio 136,000, as stated by me in
round numbers, to the exact figure.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is the amendment of the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Marshall] to the amendment of
his colleague, [Mr. Farxsworth.]
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask that my amend-
ment to the amendment be again read.
The Clerk read as follows:
After the words " at large," in line twelve, section
two, of Mr. Fabxsworth's amendment, insert, "and
in all elections of Representatives aforesaid, each
qualified voter may castas many votes for one candi-
date as there are Representative? to be elected by
the State at large, or may distribute the sime or
equaj parts thereof among the candidates as he shall
see fit. and the candidates receiving the greatest
number of votes shall be declared elected."
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 74, noes 90.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to offer an amendment which I think there
will be no objection to anywhere in the House.
The Clerk read as follows :
As an additional section insert the following be-
tween sections two and three: "That, after the elec-
tion of Representatives to the Forty-Third Congress,
the election of all Representatives in Congress shall
be held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday
of November of each alternate year, except in case
of special elections ordered to fiU a vacancy,"
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The ob-
ject of this amend mentis to provide a uniform
time of electing Representatives in Congress,
beginning with the elections to the Forty-
Fourth Congress. My reason for putting it off
till then is to allow some States time to change
their constitutions, so as to bring the State
election on the same day.
If I were looking at this matter in a partisan
view only, I should prefer to leave the elections
as they are now, because we always hear from
Maine first, and that gives a cast to the whole
elections for the year. But on account of the
facility for colonization and repeating among
the large central States, New York holding
its election in November, and Ohio, Penn-
sylvania, and Indiana holding their elections
in October, the privilege is allowed the border
States, if any man is so disposed, of throwing
voters across from one into the other. I think
it will be fair for everybody that on the day
when one votes all should vote, and that the
whole question should be decided then.
_ Again, there is another and a different ques-
tion. Every fourth year many of the States
have to hold two elections: one for the State
on one day, and one for the electors of Presi-
dent and Vice President on another day. This
throws a great burden needlessly and uselessly,
it seems to me, upon the people, and I move
this for the purpose of having a uniform elec-
tion to take place in the future at a time when
all the State constitutions as to State elections
may be conformed to it, if the people of the State
choose to conform them to it; for the amend-
ment itself would have no effect on State elec-
tions as such, and is not intended to have any
effect on State elections as such.
The committee informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair,
MIJSSAQE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had agreed to the concurrent resolution
of the House of Representatives for the print-
ing for the use of the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency two thousand extra copies of his recent
report.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed the bill (H. R. No. G12) to
provide for a deficiency in the appropriations
for the expenses of taking the ninth census of
the United States.
APPORTIONMENT BILL.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. In the few
minutes which I have it will be impossible for
me to do more than indicate my views upon
the subject under discussion. And in its con-
sideration it will be the duty of the House
first to determine and settle the number of
Representatives for the whole country, and
then to apportion tbem to and among the sev-
eral States. And this duty, Mr. Chairman,
should be performed with the single purpose
of advancing and serving the interests of all
sections, and, if possible, of doing injury to
none. While I take just pride in being a son
of Pennsylvania—a State glorious in her his-
tory and marvelous in her progress and develop-
ment—I would not forget that she is one oi a
sisterhood of States, each shedding, while
receiving, luster from the others. As no mem-
ber of the natural body can suffer without all
the members suffering, so no member of the
body-politic can suffer without injury to all.
Hence, I have no sympathy with.argument, or
rather objections, against the increase of rep-
resentation in this House, which spring from
no better soil than sectional prejudice. We
have had too much of that feeling iu the coun-
try, and our experience of its bitter fruits has
been too sore aud appalling for me to engage
in its revival here or elsewhere. I trust that
it is now sleeping the sleep of death.
It has been charged upon this floor, Mr.
Chairman, that the Democracy are opposed to
popular representation—or, in other words, to
an increase of the members of this House. As
an individual member of that party, I can speak
simply for myself; and I say that 1 am in favor
of a reasonable increase in our congressional
representation. I am in favor of the bill of
my colleague, [Mr. Mercur,] which fixes the
number of Representatives at two hundred and
eighty, being an increase of thirty-nine over
the number allowed by the act of 4th March,
1862, because I believe it does substantial jus-
tice to all sections of the country. In 1860
our actual population was 31,443,321, and out-
representative popu lation 29,550,028—bei ng an
excess of the actual over the representative
population of 1,893,293. In 1870 our actual
population was 38,582,852, and our represent-
ative 38,113,253—being an excess of the actual
population ol only 4G9,599; while the increase
in the actual population duiing the decade is
7,139,531, and in the representative 8,503,225.
The fact that the representative has increased
more rapidly than the actual population in the
last ten years is accounted for by the adoption
ot the constitutional amendments abolishing
slavery, and providing, as the basis of repre-
sentation, the whole number of persons iu each
State, excluding Indians not taxed.
Here, then, we have an actual increase of
population, since the last apportionment was
made, of 7,139,531, And taking the five States
in which there has been the largest actual in-
crease in representative population, although
not the largest gain per cent., thf-y stand thus:
m Illinois, increase 827,940; Pennsylvania.
615,576; Missouri, 595,256: Iowa, 516,879;
and New York, 502,024.
Now, by leaving the representation unchanged
Pennsylvania would get but twenty-two mem
bers, a loss of two, although her represoutu-
tive population is 615,000 more than it was
ten years ago, when she got twenty-four mem-
bers; and this loss would really be sustained
by the rural districts, where the extent of ter-
ritory is largest, but where the increase of
population has been the least.
It is said that twenty-two bears the same
