2800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
being on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, to strike out the
(blowing clause, on page 29, after line six
hundred and ninety-nine:
For this amount or so much thereof as may be
necessary for subsisting the Navajo Indians in New
Mexico for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872,
$60,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
state that this day after one o'clock was as-
signed for the consideration of bills reported
from the Committee on Public Lands. The
deficiency bill, however, being the unfinished
business, has priority.
Mr. POMEROY. I supposed the assign-
ment by unanimous consent would be conceded
to the Committee on Public Lands, and the
unfinished business would be laid aside for that
purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The deficiency
bill can be by unanimous consent, and then
the assignment would operate, or the defi-
ciency bill may be laid on the table.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 ask unanimous consent
that the deficiency bill be laid aside informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ?
Air. COLE. I must object to it in the present
stage of the deficiency bill.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I move that the
deficiency bill be laid on the table.
The VIC 111 PRESIDEN T. The effect of the
motion to lay on the table, if successful, would
be lo have the day assigned for the Committee
on Public Lands.
The Chair put the question, and stated that
the noes appeared to have it.
^ Mr. POMEROY. I want the sense of the
Senate. The day has been assigned to a special
committee, and if these assignments do not
amount to anything I want to know it, so that
we may govern ourselves in regard to other
assignments. I have refrained from moving
tiny bills from the Committee on Public
Lands 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
slate io the Senator front Kansas that as the
noes appeared to have it, it is his duty, no
divibion being demanded, to declare that the
noes have it.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senate will sit
to-morrow and give me to-morrow, I will waive
the question to-day.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. The noes ap-
pearing to prevail on the motion, the bill was
not laid on the table. The Senator from Kan-
sas asks unanimous consent that to-morrow
be assigned for the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to go on with and
finish the appropriation bill as much as any-
body.
Mr. COLE. If we can get through with
the appropriation bill to day, I will not object.
Mr. CONKLING. Has not the Chair' uni-
formly slated that these assignments were
always subject to the unfinished business?
-Ihe \ ICE PRESIDENT. He has so
stated it.
Mr. CONKLING. Then why not go on
with the appropriation bill?
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest that if the Sen-
ate desire to go on with the appropriation bill
now, we have a session to morrow for the
business of the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. COLE. Subject to the unfinished busi-
ness.
• PRESIDENT. The noes have
it. I he deficiency bill is not laid on the table.
Pending its consideration the Senator from
Kansas asks unanimous consent that to mor-
row be assigned to the Committee on Public
Lands, subject to the unfinished business as
s-H. these assignments have been. Is there
objection ?
Mr. MORTON. I must enter my objection.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I have no other
way except to move my bills as amendments
to the appropriation bill. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
may be laid'on the table, however, under the j
recent amendment to the thirtieth rule. The i
pending question is on concurring with the
amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole striking out the paragraph in regard
to the Navajo Indians.
Mr. COLE. I rise to make an appeal to
the Senate to remain in session to-day until
this bill is disposed of, whether it be early or
late. We should have done that yesterday in
all probability but for the illness of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Stevenson,] who
has been absent some time, and who had an
important amendment which he wished to
propose to the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to give notice
that I have a good many amendments to move
to the appropriation bill. If we conclude to
sit it out, I do not want it understood that the
bill is to be sat out until these amendments
are considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no order
that the Senate shall sit it out; a mere notice
has been given. The question is on concur-
ring in the amendment made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, striking this paragraph from
the bill.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next amendment, which was
reserved at the request of the Senator from
Massachusetts. [Mr. Wilson.]
'The Chi el' Clerk, The Senate, as in Com
mitt.ee of the Whole, struck out the second
section of the House bill, m the following
words:
That the proper accounfingofficers be, and hereby
arc, authorized and requited, in llie settlement of
all accounts tor tiie services of laboreis, workmen,
and mechanics emploved by or on behalf of the
Government of the United States, between the
25th day of June, 1868, the date of the act constitut-
ing eight hours a day's work for all such laborers,
workmen, and mechanics, and the 19th day ol' May,
1809, the dale of the proclamation of the President
co ncerning such pay, to settle and pay for the-same,
without reduction on account of reduction of hours
of labor by said act, and a suthcient sum for said
puipose is hereby appiopriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated • Pto-
That no part of the money hereby appropria-
ted shall be paid to any mechanics or laborers who
have already been paid for eight houiV labor four
filths as much as the amount which was paid to like
laborers and mechanics for ten hours' labor.
And inserted in lieu thereof:
That there shall be paid to the policemen, oilers,
and shop-tenders who were employed at theSpring-
field armory, in Massachusetts, on and afler the
30th uay of July, 1868, the sums respectively, by
which their wages were reduced by order of the
War Department under the eight-hour law, so called.
Mr. WILSON. I desire, Mr. President,
simply to say to the Senate that this amend-
ment ot the Committee on Appropriations was
assented lo in Committee of the Whole with-
out opposition. A motion was intended to
be made to reconsider it; but we were told it
would be just as well to wait until the bill
should be reported to the Senate, where it
now is.
I hope this amendment will not be agreed
to, and that we shall-take this section °as it
came from the House, after striking off the
proviso, which substantially defeats the object
oithe section. I do not wish to take up the
time of the Senate, but I do hope that this
amendment will not be agreed to.
lhe object of thesection is to pay mechanics
and laborers in the public works the full day's
wages for their time. The matter has been
discussed heretofore, and at this period of the
session I do not wish to take up more time in
regard to it. The section as it stands, with
the exception of the proviso, was introduced
into the bill on the motion of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means of the
House, lhe proviso was put on by a vote in
the House, which destroys the effect of the
section. Our committee have proposed an
amendment to if which does not reach the
object, and I hope the amendment of the com-
mittee will be rejected, and that then we shall
strike out the proviso and pass the section, as
it should be passed to do the fair and square
and honest thing with the men with whom we
deal.
Mr. COLE. The proposition, as I under-
stand, is to amend the amendment first by
striking out the portion that was added in
committee, and also the proviso. That I un-
derstand to be the motion.
Mr. WILSON. I want to strike out the pro-
viso, and let the section stand as it was origin-
ally offered in tbe House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands that the Senator from Massachusetts
proposes, pending the motion to strike outand
insert reported from the Committee of the
Whole, to strike out the proviso from the
House section. Is that his motion?
Mr. WILSON. The object 1 have in view
is to disagree to this amendment of the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and then to strike out
the proviso m the section as it carne from the
House, so that the first fourteen lines will
stand down to the word "provided." I want
to strike out the proviso, and also to disagree
to what the committee propose, and that will
pay these men for their day's work according
to law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then the first thing will
be to take the question on concurring in the
amendment made" as in Committee of the
Whole. If that is disagreed to, that being
the pending question, then the Senator cau
move to amend the House bill in any manner
that he likes. That would be the simplest
way of doing it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are two
ways in which it may be arrived at. That sug-
gested by the Senator from Vermont is prob-
ably the best way for journalizing, and also
for the Senate to have a distinct idea of the
question before them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I wish to say a word
on the question if Senators are willing to hear
me.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am desirous to hear
the Senator from Vermont, but the noise in
the Chamber is so great that it is impossible.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators will be
kind enough to resume their seats and suspend
conversation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, we all
understand, undoubtedly, the general aspect
ot this question, because we have had it up
time and again. A claim is made on the
part of certain people who were employed
by the Government, and who, under the
eight-hour law, woiked only eight hours in
the publie- armories and arsenais and other
workshops of the United States, and whose
pay, under the opinion of the Attorney Gen-
eral, was reduced according to the amount
ot work they did, because m private estab-
lishments at the same places people were
obliged to work ten hours in order to receive
a particular sum of money. The statutes
provided that the pay at the navy-yards and
arsenals should be the same as at private
establishments for the same sort of work.
Then Congress having said that these peo-
ple need only work eight hours, it was held
by the Attorney General, and I think cor-
rectly, as a matter of law, that if they woiked
but eight hours they could only be paid in
proportion in order to obey the statute, which
said that the pay in the public establish-
ments should be the same as in the private
establishments for the same sort of work.
Accordingly these people who only worked
eight hours had their pay reduced to one fifth,
ten hours being a day's work in the private
establishments. Afterward the President of
the United States set aside the orders of the
Department which had conformed to the
^Mion of the Attorney General, anddiiected
that thereafter the pay of the people who
worked eight hours should be the same as the
