1872.
THE>CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1905
to call the previous question. I will-give the
gentleman fifteen minutes after the previous
question has been seconded.
Mr. BEATTY. Will the gentleman allow
me to offer an amendment?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I have already
said that I cannot allow any amendments to
be offered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Con-
necticut, demands the previous question.
Mr. KERR. I hope it will not be seconded.
I move that the House adjourn.
On the motion that the House adjourn there
were—ayes 61, noes 73.
Mr. CREBS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question wastaken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 49, nays 123, not voting
68; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Adams. Archer, Arthur, Beck,
Bigby, Braxton, Campbell, Carroll, Conner, Crebs,
Crossland, Davis, Dawes, Duke, Einkelnburg, Gol-
laday, Hambleton, Havens, Hay, Gerry W. Hazel-
ton, Herndon, Hibbard, Kendall, Kerr, Lewis, Man-
son, MeGrew, MeHenry, McNeely, Merrick, Monroe,
Niblaok, Potter, Price, Edward Y. Rice, John M.
Itice, Ritchie, ghober,.Slater, Jobn A.Smitb, Storm,
Stowell, Swann, Terry, Upson, Van Trump, Willard,
Wood, and Young—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Ackor, Ames, Averill, Barber,
Beatty, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Austin Blair, James
G. Blair, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton,
Burchard, Burdett, Caldwell, Coburn, Conger, Cot-
ton, Cox, Critcher, Crocker, Darrall, Dickey, Don-
nan, Dox, Duell, Dunnell, Eames, Eldredge, Elliott,
Henry D.Foster. Wilder D.Foster, Frye,Hale,Han-
cock, Ilandley, Hanks, Harmer, Harper, George E.
Harris. John T. Harris, Hawley, John W. Hazelton,
Hill. Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, ICelley, Iietcham,
Kiliinger, King, Lamison, Lamport, Lansing, Leach,
Lynch, Marshall. Maynard, McClelland, McCor-
mick, MeOrary, Mclntyre, McJunkin, McKinney,
Meriiam, Morey, Leonard Myers, Negley, Packard,
Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton,
AaronJ?. Perry, Bli Perry, Peters, Poland, Prindle,
Randall, Ellis II. Roberts, "William II. Roberts, Rob-
inson, Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofleld, Ses-
sions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Sherwood,
Shoemaker, Slocum, Sloss, Worthington C. Smith,
Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stoughton, Sypher, Taffe,
Thomas, Washington Townsend, Turner, •Tuthill,
Tyner, Voorhees, Waddell, Wakeman, Walden,
Waldron, Warren, AYclls, Wheeler, Whitthorae,
Williams of Indiana, Williams of New York, and
Winche^t er—123.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Banks, Barnum,
Barry, Bell. Beveridge. Boles, Bright, James Brooks,
Benjamin P. Bntler, Roderick R. Butler, William
T. Clark. Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Coghlan, Comingo,
Orccly, De Large, Du Bose, Ely, Farnsworth, Ear-
v/C! [. Forker, Charles l'oster, Garfield, Garrett, Getz,
Goodrich. Griffith, Haldemnn, Halsev, Hays, Here-
ford, Holinan, Kellogg, Kinsella. Lowe, Mclioe,
Mercur, Benjamin P. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore,
Morgan, Morphis, Orr. Hosea, W. Parker, Perce,
Piatt, Poiter, Rainey, Read, Roosevelt, Seeley, H.
Boardman Smith, Snapp, R. Milton Speer, Strong,
St. John, Sutherland. Dwight Townsend, Twichell,
Yaughan, Wallace. Walls, Whiteley, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, and John T. Wilson—68.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I have had some
conference with the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Crebs] while the House has been voting
on the motion to adjourn. I do not wish to
interfere with his time. If the privilege be
accorded him to speak for ten minutes, and then
I shall be allowed to demand the previous ques-
tion, I will agree to that; and 1 will say that
in the hour to which I am entitled after the
previous question has been seconded I will
yield more than half of it to those gentlemen
who wish to speak against this bill. I believe
this is entirely satisfactory to the gentleman
from Illinois, that is, if he can be allowed his
ten minutes before the previous question is
called,
. Mr. POTTER. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I am not at all satisfied with the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Starkweather,] Mr. Speaker, my pur-
pose is that there shall be some debate allowed
on this most important measure for some other
members on this floor besides the members of
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
This bill comes here not printed, but writ-
ten—five written foolscap pages all in one sin-
gle section—a bill making a grant of land,
valued in the public prints at over one million
dollars, to this great and wealthy corporation,
42d Cong. .2d Sess.—No. 120.
and this without amendment or debate per-
mitted. Therefore I move that the House take
a recess until four o'clock.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I have not yielded
the floor.
_ Mr. CREBS. As I understand the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Connecticut, of
the time allotted to him after the previous
question has been seconded he will give the
larger portion to those on this side who are
opposed to this bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. Is no opportunity to be
afforded to submit amendments ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Con-
necticut had ten minutes of his time remain-
ing, which he yielded to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Crebs,] when the motion was
made that the House adjourn.
Mr. POLAND. I wish to submit a propo-
sition.
Mr. CREBS. The proposition made by
the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Stark-
weather,] so far as I, as a member of the
Committee for the District of Columbia, atn
concerned, seema to be fair to the opponents
of this bill.
Mr. KERR. But the gentleman does not
propose to allow any amendments to be offered
to test the sense of the House.
Mr. CREBS. The proposition is this: I
will have my amendment read, and then if
the demand for the previous question should
be seconded, it will be taken as the sense of
the House that my amendment ought not to
be adopted. Of course, I am to have ten min-
utes in which to advocate my amendment. If,
however, the previous question shall not be
sustained, not only my amendment, but other
amendments will be entertained and acted on.
Then if the previous question be sustained, the
hour to which the gentleman is entitled, under
the rules for debate, he proposes to divide,
giving the larger share to the opponents of
the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Everybody's
amendment is to be cut out except the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. CREBS, There is an amendment pend-
ing now.
Mr. KERR. There is no amendment pend-
ing now; none has been permitted to be
offered.
Mr. SWANN. This is a great question, and
ought to have full consideration.
Mr. CREBS. It all depends upon whether
the demand for the previous question shall be
seconded.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I propose to do
in this case precisely as gentlemen have done
in other cases where they have reported bills
from committees and not permitted amend-
ments to be offered.
Now, I do not believe that the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] or the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] will pre-
tend to say that they open all their bills to all
sorts of amendments. They do not do it. I
desire to be just as fair as any man who has
reported a bill in this House. I wish to have
a fair discussion, and I propose to yield ten
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Crebs,] and then I desire, after the previous
question shall have been seconded, to give to
the gentlemen who wishes to oppose this bill,
if they please, two thirds of the hour allotted
to me to close debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to
understand precisely what course the gentle-
man from Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather]
proposes. Does he desire in yielding ten
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Crebs] to reserve to himself enough time to
call the previous question ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I do.
The SPEAKER. Does he consent that the
gentleman from Illinois, to whom he yields,
shall offer an amendment which shall be con-
sidered pending ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The majority of
the committee who report the bill have desired
me to insist that no amendments shall come in.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
position of the case. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Crebs] will have ten minutes,
the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Stark-
weather,} who reports the bill, merely reserv-
ing to himself enough time to call the previous
question. If the House shall vote down the
call for the previous question, of course the
bill will be open to amendment. If the House
should second the demand for the previous
question, the bill will not be open to amend-
ment.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to offer a substi-
tute for the bill. That substitute I ask to have
read now. If the call for the previous ques-
tion shall be voted' down I shall offer it as a,
substitute for the bill. I desire that it may be
now read.
' Mr. STARKWEATHER. There was al-
ready read one very long amendment offered
by the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Po-
land.] The gentleman offered three closely
written pages as an amendment.
Mr. POLAND. I have taken that back.
_ Mr. STARKWEATHER. I make no ob-
jection to the reading of the amendment which
the gentleman desires now to send up.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting olauso, and insert
these words:
That the chief officer of engineers, and four other
suitable persons, to be appointed by the President,
are hereby constituted a commission to examine
into the whole subject of steam railroad companies
withiu the District of Columbia, and especially as
to connections, location, and construction of depots
and all matters properly connected therewith, and
report a general plan on the subject to tho next
session of Congress.
Mr. POLAND. If the previous question
shall be voted down, I shall offer that as a
substitute for the bill.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I do not wish this
amendment to be considered as pending. It
could not be admitted without ignoring the
whole action of the committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood
that the gentleman from Connecticut merely
admitted the substitute to be read. The gen-
tleman from Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather]
now yields the balance of his hour to the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Crebs,] reserving
merely enough time to call tho previous ques-
tion.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rose to a
privileged motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman could not
rise to a privilege motion while the gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather] was
on the floor.
Mr. POTTER. Was there not a motion to
adjourn?
The SPEAKER. Yes; and the Chair rec-
ognized the gentleman from Connecticut after
the motion to adjourn had been negatived.
Mr. POTTER. Is it not in order to move
now that the House take a recess ?
The SPEAKER. It would it' the gentleman
had the floor; but he cannot take another
member off his feet for that purpose under
the rules of the House. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Crebs] is entitled to nine minutes.
Mr. KERR. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Crebs] yields the floor for that
purpose, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] would be entitled to make the motion.
Mr. CREBS. I cannot yield the floor for
that purpose.
Mr. KERR. If the gentleman from 111inois
[Mr. Crebs] wishes to put a gag on this House
he may do so, and take the responsibility of it.
Mr. CREBS. I am always willing to assume
all the responsibility that properly devolves
upon me. But I have certainly no desire to
put a gag upon this House.
I wish to say, in regard to this bill, that it
deals with a question of very considerable
