1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10#
ton, as I understand, is himself a manufac-
turer of arms, and some time in the autumn
of 1870, after the surrender at Sedan, he be*
came the agent of the French Government for
the purchase of arras in the United States,
with a commission during his early purchases
of five per cent., afterward cut down to two
and a half per cent. He did make purchases,
buying directly in his own name, according to
an official statement, 85,775 stand of arms.
But besides this, other persons, acting under
him, bought a, much larger quantity of arms,
one Boker, 50,000; Schuyler, Hart-
ley & Graham, 100,000; Austin Baldwin,
110,000; also, Austin Baldwin, 40,000; the sum
total by others than Remington himself being
300,000, which, added to those purchased
directly by him, made 385,775 stand of arms.
On this purchase I have to remark that the
French Govern tnent, according to their reports,
have only received 368,000 stand of arms. I
simply call attention to this fact. I dt) not
know that it will have any bearing on the in-
quiry, but it appears from the documents.
Another fact is more important, that the
French Government on account of these
purchases paid Remington $6,092,173, while
the War Department does not appear to
have received on account of these arms but
$5,124,953.
Those are the two characters that appear in
the forefront, Place, the Frenchman, Rem-
ington, the American. I have already stated
that Place at the first trial was acquitted.
Remington comes tp Washington after that
trial, repairs to the War Department, and ob-
tains from the Secretary certificates of his
character and his relations with our Govern-
ment, by which he was, if I may so express
myself, authenticated in France. His appear-
ance as a prominent witness against the French
consul general at the second trial is supposed
to have been not without effect on the result.
Now, bear in mind, Remington, the agent of
France, was authenticated at the War Depart-
ment by the Secretary of War. Meanwhile
suspicion was excited in France with regard
to his conduct, and the French Government
declined to complete their payments to him
under the original contracts. The inquiry in the
court attracted the attention of the National
Assembly. The result appears in the action
of the committee of that body, reported by a
cable dispatch, under date of Paris, February
9, as follows:
" The Assembly committee on war contracts has
adopted aresolutiou asking the United States to fur-
nish the result of the inquiry into the conduct of
American officials who were suspected of participat-
ing in the purchase of arms for the French Govern-
ment daring the war."
Sir, it is not I who first use the word " sus-
picion;" it comes to us across the sea in an
official act reported by a telegraphic dispatch.
American officials suspected! Who, sir? How
suspected? Eminent they must be if their
names or their positions are known in France;
not without evidence, if suspicion has been
awakened go far away. They could not act on
straws. But without presuming to consider
whether they were justified in suspicion, it is
enough for us that their resolution is a declara-
tion of suspicion.
I have already said that I postponed this
inquiry. Perhaps I erred, but there seemed
to be three courses open. The first was to let
the AdministratioQ>take the initiative and insti-
tute an inquiry. For that I waited. They
took no initiative, but sent a report to the
other House, which on examination excited
still further suspicion. The second course
seemed to be to allow what have been called
our officials, whoever they may be, whether
of the Ordnance Bureau or the War Depart-
ment, to be tried by a committee of the French
National Assembly on ex parte evidence. I
did not like to see that done*. If there is to
be any proceeding it should be here at home
where the whole case can be considered care-
fully and candidly, and where we may have
42d Cong. 2d'Sess.—No, 64.
access to ill the facts. The other alternative
was, on the failure of the Administration to
meet the case, to call the attention of Con-
gress and of the country to it; and I think
before I have done you will see that I have not
erred ; you Will see that as a faithful Senator I
could not have done otherwise. Sir, this
country eannot lose credit by any inquiry. It
can only lose credit by evading inquiry. It
can forfeit its good name only when suspicions
are aroused and not removed. And now, sir,
I present this case on suspicions aroused
abroad and apparently sustained by documents
here at home. That is all. I make no allega-
tion ; least of all do I accuse anybody. I con-
tent myself with exhibiting certain facts, which
should at least put us on inquiry so searching
as to remove suspicion or expose the guilty.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts will please pause. The
morning hour has expired, and the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill is
before the Senate, the pending question being
on striking out the proviso on pages 21 and
90 na amonflcn
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the further
consideration of the appropriation bill be post-
poned until to-morrow with a view of proceed-
ing with this resolution.
Mr. COLB. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois moves that the further consider-
ation of the appropriation bill be postponed
for the purpose of continuing the considera-
tion of the resolution which was under debate
at the expiration of the morning hour.
Mr. COLE. That motion is debatable, I
believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that question I desire
to be heard.
Mr. COLE. I yield to the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I again,
without using the words, repeat the suggestion
I made before. If a majority of the Senate
have made up their minds to follow the lead
of the Senator from Massachusetts, and three
or four other Senators here, who, whenever
they desire to present a political debate, intro-
duce a preamble and resolution, let it be done
at once, and we shall know exactly what to do,
and we shall then go and ask them in the first
place each morning what will be the order of
business for the day, and what shall be done
each day.
Mr. President, the Senator from Massachu-
setts introduces a resolution here which will
not be voted against by any member of the
body; but he chooses to attach to it a pream-
ble which excites political discussion, and he
insists upon discussing the preamble. If the
preamble is adopted there is no use of the res-
olution. I appeal to Senators that it is better,
wiser, more discreet in every way, for us not
to follow the lead of those whose manifest
purpose is to continually exhaust this session
in wrangling political debate.
What can be the motive of the introduction
of this preamble and resolution? What is the
object of taking it up ? The proposition now
is to postpone an appropriation bill to take up
a preamble and resolution. The resolution,
the only legislative thing to be acted on, is not
objected to, I suppose, by any one. On the
statement by any Senator of the alleged facts
contained in the preamble t® this resolution
every one would agree to an examination.
Then why not have the examination ? Shall
we allow any member of this body because he
chooses to assert in a preamble to a resolution
disputed facts to start a debate upon that pre-
amble and postpone all our business 1 I say
I for one will not do it; and if the Senate are
determined to go into this kind of debate aiid
allow any member of this body who chooses
for a political purpose to present at any time
a resolution of this kind to divert us frbm the
ordinary course of our business, I for one will
not be present to attend it, because I Mve
something else to do.
I am perfectly willing to vote fop any Inquiry
on any resolution that may be offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts on the statement
of any facts that in his judgment demand an
investigation; but as to postponing all .the
business of this body, the legislative appropri-
ation bill, the most of the bills that lie upon
our table, merely to take up this political dis-
cussion at his behest, and whenever he or any
other member of the body desires it, I am
not frilling to do; and let me tell my friends
it is not wise leadership or wise following.
We are treated like a bull in a Spanish bull-
fight. These gentlemen enter with a red Sag
and wave it in our faees and demand, at their
own time and in their own choice of their own
methods, a political debate. are" the major-
ity here. I am willing to debate and dis-
cuss and decide any question that is presented;
but I am not willing to waive all the business
of this great nation to allow this political
debate to be presented at such time and in
such place as our adversaries choose to select.
This is my opinion plainly spoken. If, how-
ever, a majority of the Senate chooses to lay
aside the regular business and go on with this
political debate, with an inquiry into the con-
duct of officers on a mere preamble to a reso-
lution, which resolution will be adopted by
unanimous consent, let it be done ; but I cer-
tainly will not vote for it.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I fhinlc.tlie
position taken by the Senator from Ohio is
very remarkable. I think there was no very
special preamble to the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Illinois a short time ago, but it met
with as studied opposition as can come against
this resolution presented by the Senator from
Massachusetts. I think, therefere, it is not
the true reason of the opposition here that
there is simply a preamble to the resolution
brought in by the Senator from Massachusetts.
The fault of that resolution is that it proposes
to be a searching, thorough, bold, and manly
investigation in the face of the Senate and the
whole country; and if the Senator from Ohio
will choose to remember the storm of indigna-
tion that came up from every portion of this
country in regard to the tactics adopted by
himself and his friends on that other occasion,
I fancy he may anticipate the same storm to
hover above him and descend upon him again
when he comes in here with the same tactics
on this.
He says that a few Senators are to flaunt
their red flag of defiance in the face of the
Senate. True, I am not astonished at opposi-
tion, for the majority here have got enough of
investigation ; but we are determined that they
shall take a little more of it and shall not
escape it by any political subterfuge whatever
in the Senate. YVe are in earnest, and the
country is in earnest, and the Senator from
Ohio cannot evade the responsibility that rests
upon him when an investigation such as this
is demanded, and it will come whenever the
voice of the people demands it, and Senators
will be as ready to change their position or
gracefully to surrender and say, " Oh, ^ cer-
tainly, we intended investigation all the time;
we were rather anxious for it than otherwise;
but it was just a way we had of seeming tp
oppose it at first for a short time." [Laughter. ]
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, one o'clock,
the regular hour for the special order, having
arrived, it finds us upon a question undeterm-
ined that was left over at the close of the
morning hour, and the proposition noir to go
on with the debate upon the resolution of the
Senator from Massachusetts is a proposition
that comes in the midst of the consideration
of a bill and while a question is actually pend-
ing upon which we were about to vote. If.
the appropriation bill can be put aside at any-
time when any Senator wisl>e° *0 precipitate a
