1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sale of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Conkling.
Senate.
the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Schurz] tbe
senior member of the retrenchment, committee ;
had that original resolution literally prevailed,
and cast upon the Vice President the duty of
reviving the old committee, hampered as he
would ihen have been by parliamentary usage
and etiquette, the Senator from Missouri would
have been the chairman of the committee.
Had this snug result been brought about, we
should have had no motion for a special com-
mittee here, the "eternal fitness of things"
would have been fully preserved by having the
Senator from Missouri the charioteer of a pub-
lication machine, to address to the Germans
of the country a report showing that General
Grant hud trampled neutral vows and obliga-
tions under foot, and sided with Prance in that
bloody grapple for the mastery in which she
went down before Germany. Ay, sir, we are
indebted to the accident that we created anew
committee, in place of reviving the old one
with the Senator from Missouri at its head, for
a motion raising a select committee whose mis-
sion in part would be to illustrate a principle
in physics known as the indefinite expansibility
of matter, to show the world into how great a
balloon a matter of no moment in truth or in
fact, could be blown.
And now 1 want a word with the Senator
from Missouri. 1 shall speak with the same
confidence and frankness with which he ad-
dres<-ed us on a recent occasion. That honor
able Senator informed the Republican mem-
bers of the Senate—no, I correct myself; that
statement is inadequate ; I should say that in
solemn and weighty words he divulged to the
Republican members of the Senate animpres
sion dtirk and wide in the country that there
exists somewhere a " military ring." Let me
read tbe language of the Senator:
"But, gentlemen, do not close your eyes to one
fact—and here I will express myself frankly and
boldly."
That is right; I like a bold man.
" There is an impression prevailing; in this country
that somewhere in this Government there sits a
'military ring,' which is exercising an unwholesome,
a far-reaching, a coirupt, and dangerous influence
upon this Administration. That impression is grow-
ing all over the land. This suspicion may be well-
founded or it may not."
My acquaintance with the pe-ople of the
country may not be as extensive as that of the
honorableSenator from Missouri; but the oeo-
ple I meet have, I think, no such impression.
They hear talk about a '• military ring." They
They .
regard that talk as a part of the slang and
scandal that defiles and brutalizes ourpolitics.
They read paragraphs in newspapers talking
about, a " military ring," and tbey dismiss them
with other such, regarding these reeking pub
lications as among the brutalities of progress,
But, Mr. President, I want to tell the Sen
ator of an impression that does prevail.^ There
is an impression with many people—it. is com-
ing, I am sorry to say, to be a fixed impres
sion—that another ring exists—a " senatorial
ring," or, more properly speaking, a "sen.
atorial cabal." The impression is that the
business of this senatorial cabal is not to fur-
nish ammunition to the French, but to furnish
ammunition to the Democratic party. It is
believed that men flying the Republican flag
are trying to strand the Republican ship._ it
is believed that the business of this cabal is to
malign the President of the United States, to
disparage and belittle him, to assault his
administration, to wait for opportunities; ay,
in the language of the good Book, " to lurk
privily" for opportunities to place him in an
injui ious and unjust position. It is believed
that ihe business of this cabal is to assail and
impugn the majority in Congress, and to injure
those charged with the conduct of public
affairs. It is beheved that this cabal aids to
get up and keep up that snow-storm of libels,
too great in volume to bo measured, which falls
daily on the country ; that stream of shame-
less falsehoods which, taking its rise in Wash-
ington. pours itself over the land through " in-
dependent" and avowed Democratic papers.
It is believed that persons connected with this
cabal are inflicting wounds upon the Repub-
lican party. Democrats have not the power
to inflict wounds, which these same persons
could not make so deep if they would put on
Democratic armor and let it be seen. This
impression waxes apace. It is strong, very
strong just now in the State of New Hamp-
shire. There is fresh reason for it in New
Hampshire. An election depends there, and
the politicians say that whether the Repub-
lican ticket shall stand or fall is of much import
for the light or shadow it will cast on the
coming presidential canvass. In the thick of
the New Hampshire contest shrewd Demo-
cratic politicians treasure like "apples of gold
in pictures of silver" the words of mem-
bers of this supposed senatorial cabal; their
speeches command attention with the New
Hampshire Democracy, which could not be
gained by all the Democratic heroes and sages
from Jefferson to- my honorable friend from
Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] not even for the Brod-
head letter. [Laughter.] That vivacious
production is not so great a favorite now, it
is not such a success, or, as the play bills
say, it has not such "a run" m New Hamp-
shire now, as another document, which lies
before me. Here is a pamphlet consisting of
twenty-tour closely printed pages, ft is enii-
tled " Plain language of independent Kepub-
lican Senators;" "Thieving and profligacy
exposed;" "Speeches of several SenatotSj",
first of all, the honorableSenator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Schorz.] This pamphlet bears
the following imprimatur: "Published by
the National Democratic Resident Committee,
Washington, District of Columbia." These
speeches appear without noteor comment; no
gilding fine gold here; no painting the lily.
Those who prepared the pamphlet thought
they would let the speeches be as their makers
made them, and stop where their makers
stopped them, because they could not be lm
proved as electioneering documents for the
Democracy. I am told that two hundred thou-
sand copies of this pamphlet have been sent
free through the mails of the United States
franked by the Democratic members of the
House, into the State of New Hampshire.
Such events and such a proceeding as now
detains the Senate, I tell the honorable Sena-
tor will not tend to dispel the impression that
there does exist such a cabal. The proceed-
ing befoieus wears an ugly look ; the business
ot turning accuser of the Government, and
charging a breach of neutrality touching Ger-
many at this time has an ugly look.^ It is
not giving information to the enemy in time
of war. but there is a sort of family resem-
blance between the two things which will lead
a great many people into serious thought. A
great many people will think of it as the man
thought of his horses when he said, "One
looks so much like both, that I cannot, tell the
other from which." [Laughter.]
But, Mr. P.esident, 1 am able to assure the
Senator, and I hope the assurance will give
him pleasure, that the people in no portion of
the country, as far as I can learn, are being
misled by these proceedings. They understand
tiie meaning of it all. in the State of New
York during the last fortnight many elections
have been held; the spring elections are pro-
gressuig, and East &n<J West, not only do the
Republicans hold their own, but elections
result in unexpected and in some cases unex-
ampled Republican gains. The people be-
lieve in the Adinmistiatioa, and in the ivepub-
lican party as the party of progress and true
reform. „
The other day, in the city of Buffalo, a Dem-
ocratic city, in which there is a large repre-
sentation of that sturdy, intelligent, upright
people, the Gertnans of America, the Repub-
lican ticket was chosen by a majority of nearly
twenty-five hundred; most of the wards giving
Republican majorities. The same thing in less
degree is true generally in the recent and cur-
rent elections in the State of New York.
No, Mr. President, the pretense that there
is a "military ring " gives no disquiet to men
who believe the cause of the Republican party
identical with the cause of the Republic; and
with no right to speak for them, I venture to
say that the Germans of the Sta'e of New
York and of the other States cannot be hood-
winked, or nose-led, or handed over, by any
man, whoever he may be. The Germans had
too much to do with preserving our nationality
when it rocked in the throes of an earthquake
to be willing so soon to hand the country over
again to the party which once well-nigh ruined
it. The Gertnans know that it was a Dem-
ocratic Administration which prostrated our
credit; which stripped our northern arsenals
of arms and sent them to be ready for traitors
in the South; which banished our Navy to dis-
tant. seas ; and sought to bind the Government
hand and foot that conspirators might murder
it in its bed. The Germans know that a Dem-
ocratic Administration did all this and more,
and that, the Democratic party before, and
during the war, and since the war, has been
hostile to liberty, equality, law, public faith,
and national honor.
Napoleon said Europe would be republican
or Cossack; and in the next presidential elec-
tion our countty will be Republican or Dem-
ocratic. Germans and all other men of sense
know this ; they know that third-pariy move-
ments and Republican detections mean aid to
the Democratic party, and such a woe must
have something more to commend it than the
griefs or resentment of individuals.
Will the Senator join with me, or will he let
me join with him, in removing the impression,
if there be an impression abroad, that there
exists a " military ring" on the one hand, and
the impression also that there exists a sen-
atorial ring, fatally bent on mi •chief, determ-
ined t.o divide, disintegrate, and destroy the
great party of progress and reform? Will the
honorable Senator join me in dispelling these
two murky appearances?
Mr. President, it was not my purpose to
trespass thus long on the patience of the Sen-
ate; yet it is my wish to say something touch-
ing the transactions referred to in the pream-
ble as they in truth took place. When our
great struggle for nationality was over we
found our.,elves possessed of a great aggre-
gate, not only of arms, but of stores, mate-
rial. and munitions of war. This mass of
petishable property was to be sold, and at
sale bv public outcry it found only a tardy
market. It was being eaten by the tooth ot
time; rust would corrode metals; _ moisture
would destroy powder, and everything would
lose Vrilue, beside loss of interest and stor-
age. In 1868, Oil the 20th of July, Congress
passed an act to hasten the disposal ot this
surplus. The object was to turn these stores
into money at tne first hour, and therefore
ttie act authorized private sales. We had not
only arms, but all parts of arms; we had not
only cartridges, but all parts of cartridges;
pig lead, powder, and metal, lliese articles
were sold, sometimes "assembled" using a
phrase of the trade—all parts of the gun
"assembled," that is, put together as a Com-
plete article. Sometimes, as the sch-dule ot
sales will show, these parts were sold sep-
arately—gun stocks, for instance, by them-
selves", in a lot; gun-barrels by themselves, and
so on. The Senator from Missouri thinks he
has discovered that under the statute it would
not be lawful for the ordnance department to
