1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8697
martha. l. house russell.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentauves to the bill (S. No. 163) for the
relief of Mrs. Martha L. House Russell.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
the House of Representatives, which was in
lines six and seven to reduce the amount of
the appropriation from $14,000 to $11,600.
Mr. COOPER. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendment of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
steamboat law.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the House of Repre-
sentatives, non-concurring in the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2110) to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide for
the better security of life ou board of vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam, and
tor other purposes," approved February 28,
1871, and asking for a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
Mr. CjiANDLER. I move that the Sen-
ate insist on its amendments disagreed to by
the House of Representatives, and agree to
the committee of conference asked by the
House.
Mr. SPRA(iUE. Before that motion is
put 1 desire to say that the remarks I made
yesterday were made supposing the hill to be
in the House. I learned subsequently that
the bill was wai'ing the appointment of a con-
ference on the President's desk. The letter
to which I referred, and which I wished to
have read in connection with the subject, as t
understand, is in thei interest of the measure.
I therefore ask that it be read, and then I shall
have no objection to the conference.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Marine City, May 11,1872.
Dear Sir: The people of this city, whose princi-
pal occupation for the past thirty years has been
building, equipping, and sailing steam and sail
vessels of almost all kinds in use on the northern
lakes, view with increasing alarm the annual accu-
mulations of burdens imposed upon tho owners and
masters of steam vessels. These burdens and vexa-
tions have become so great that men of property
and character shrink fiom the ownership of any
class of sre.itn vessels for this reason : the laws of
the country have become so vexatious in their re-
quirements, and render owners so liable to fines and
arrest by Government officials, that the business has
become too hazardous to attract capital or enter-
prise into the channel, and while we write an order
has come to this place to break up and sell as scrap
iron one of the finest engines ever placed upon the
lakes, (the Mayflower's.) We feel deeply grieved to
think that a set of men who own patent rights seem
to httvo induced Congress to enact laws, that are
almost annually changed, that require great annual
outlays of money and impose requirements so oner-
ous and vexatious that we are almost prepared to
abandon our property to officers of the law, and
seek other employments for our enterprise and
capital, if the legislation heretofore enacted had
resulted in increased security to life or property we
would try to bear our misfortunes for the benefit of
the public, but when statistics show that the annual
loss of life in proportion to travel by steamers has
largely increased since the laws referred to have
been enacted, and that thus the only people bene-
fited are those who have succeeded in compelling
us to buy their worthless patents, often to be changed
and renewed on the incoming of any new inspector
or officer, we feel that Congress, in its misdirected
efforts to build up our commerce, is fast laying the
foundation tor its utter extinction.
If you are sincere (as we presume you are) in_ a
desire to extend and promote the building of ships
and steamers to the greatest possible extent, we
would most respectfully recommend the repeal of
all the laws, miscalled laws for the security of life
and property on the lakes, except the enactment
limiting the liabilities of owners of ships and ves-
sels, so that an invester only hazards the money be
puts into a ship or steamer, at the same time hold-
ing ownors and masters to a strict account, when
they wtlliully build fragile or dangerous vessels for
tho carrying of passengers. Freight vessels and
tugs stiould only be controlled in the manner and
kind ot lights they should carry, which is at present
tolerably well arranged and systematized. We be-
lieve the common good of the country requires a
large amount ot lake and ocean tonnage, but we do
not believe it pos&ible to induco capital to enter
into or continue so hazardous and vexatious a busi-
ness, loaded as it is with legal dangers and expenses
such us no business in the world can endure without
ulnmate ruin, unites sustained by Government sub-
sidies. We would be glad to sell our vessels to the
Government at far less than they cost, and if once
clear of our troublesome properly would give ample
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 232.
bonds that we would not engage in any business
that seems to be so nearly criminal (sis our laws
make this) as the building and equiping of steamers
of any kind for the lakes. A large number of our
steamers are now detained and rendered useless
uecause the owners cannot comply with tho long
list of vexatious requirements made necessary by
the senseless enactments of our worthy Represent-
atives.
Respectfully yours, &c.,
B. F. OWEN,
Of the Escanaba and Lake Michigan
Transportation Company,
D. LESTEK,
Of the Toledo and Superior
Transportation Company,
W. B M0RLEY,
Hon. Z. Ch«dl«.. r0bem HOLLAND.
Mr. SPRAGUE. That is aimed at the law
already on the statute-book, not at the present
bill. I make no further objection to the con-
ference
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Michigan.
The motion was agreed to; and the Vice
President being by unanimous consent author-
ized to appoint the conferees on the part of
the Senate, Messrs. Chandler, Corbett, and
Blair were appointed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. COLE. I ask the Senate to take up
this morning House bill No. 1071, making
appropriations for fortifications, &c., subject
to 'the morning business.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] has just stepped
out of the Chamber for a minute, and he
expects to take up the apportionment bill this
morning. It was laid aside yesterday morn-
ing with the understanding that it was to come
up to-day.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Vermont is
now here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California, on behalf of the Committee
on Appropriations, asks unanimous consent
to take up the fortification bill, subject to the
morning business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it importantthat
we should determine the apportionment bill
one way or the other. The State Legislatures
are sitting, and it is desirable that they should
know what is to be done. I hope my friend
will not press the fortification bill against the
bill I got, up yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator object?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not want to do so,
but I must object in order to get a chance for
the apportionment bill.
Mr. COLE. Then I give notice that after
that bill is disposed of I shall endeavor to get
up the fortification bill.
Mr. POOL. I was about to give the same
notice in regard to the bill for a new judicial
district in North Carolina. I have been try-
ing to get it up for a ^ood while, it is very
seldom that I ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate. 1 do not want to antagonize it with the
bill of the Senator from Vermont, because he
had that up yesterday, but when that matter is
closed I must ask the Senate to take up this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. At this period
of the session, Senators must be aware that
these notices do not have a great deal of power,
as there are but six or seven days of the ses-
sion remaining. At the close of the morning
business, the Chair will recognize whoever first
obtains the floor,
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a peti-
tion of one hundred and §fty- six colored citi-
zens of Georgia, praying that provision be
made to transport them to Liberia; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. CONKLING. I present the memorial
of the Chamber of Commerce of the State of
New York, asking attention to the provisions
of a House bill that is here, I presume, or will
be in a moment, in reference to taxes, abol-
ishing bonded warehouses for snuff and tobacco,
and setting forth reasons which they deem suf-
ficient and urgent why those warehouses should
not he abandoned, pointing out the reasons
why they ate indispensable, in the language
of the memorial, to the convenient commerce
in those articles at the port of New York. 1
move the reference of this memorial to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of late sol-
diers and sailors, praying that industrial homes
and traiuiug schools be established for the
orphans uf soldiers and sailors who served the
United States in the war of the rebellion;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of Pat-
rick Sullivan, praying for back pay as first
lieutenant in the nineteenth Wisconsin vol-
unteers; which was.referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. CONKLINGr presented a petition of the
internal revenue gaugers of New York and
Brooklyn, asking that their compensation be
fixed at ten dollars per day while actually em-
ployed ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CARPENTER, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom were referred the me-
morial of the Legislature of Wisconsin in favor
of the repeal of the bankrupt law, and the
memorial of Samuel A. Randall and others,
of Waukesha, Wisconsin, to the same effect,
asked to be discharged from their furthercon-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
He atao, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 127) to amend an
act entitled "An act to'establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States," and the bill (S. No. 180) toamend an
act entitled "An act to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States," reported adversely, and moved their
indefinite postponement; which was agreed'io.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 444) to amend
an act entitled "An act to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States," aud the several acts amendatory
thereof, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 399) to amend
an act entitled "An act to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States," reported it without amendment.
bankrupt law.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am also directed by
the same cominiitee, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 774) to declare the true intent
and meaning of section two of an act entitled
"An act to establish a uuiform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States,"
approved March 2, 1867, to report it back
favorably. This is a bill to correct what evi-
dently has been a mistake or inadvertence in
the jurisdiction of the courts of Alabama to
subject district courts to the appellate juris-
diction of the circuit, court in matters of bank-
ruptcy. The bill can. lead to no-debate, and
I move that it be put on its passage.
By unanimous eouseut, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It provides that the powers and jurisdic-
tion granted to the several circuii courts of the
United States, or any justice thereof, by sec-
tion two of an act entitled " An act to establish
a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States," approved March 2, 1867, may
be exercised in any district m which the powers
or jurisdiction of a circuit court have been or
may be conferred on the district court lor such
district, as if no such powers or jurisdiction had
been conferred on such district court; it being
the true intent and meaning of the act that, i he
system of bankruptcy thereby established shall
be uniform throughout the United States.
The.bill was reported to the Senate without
