1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2801
pay of the people who worked in private estab-
lishments ten hours. Now, this proposition
is to go back and allow these people who worked
eight hours and received pay for eight hours
in proportion to the price for similar work at
the same places at private establishments, to
get the one fifth which was deducted for the
two hours they did not work, on the ground
that the intention of Congress was to give
them full pay for eight hours' work, although
the people in private establishments at the
same places only got full gay for ten hours'
work. That is the proposition.
Those who bring forward this claim and
have put it before us, make it amount to three
or four hundred thousand dollars; but they do
not know how far it extends. The total is
probably somewhere within a million, but where
within a million no man at this moment can
tell, for we have no definite information. The
question is whether we should do that. The
committee, instead of proposing, as the House
did, to do it with a proviso which should not
do it, (for that is the substance of the way the
House left it; the proviso as the House left it
cuts off the first part of the provision,) found
that there were at the Springfield armory, and
perhaps at other armories—but we only had
information as to the Springfield armory—three
classes of persons who did not properly fall
within that reduction, oilers, policemen, and
shop-tenders, for the reason that their duties
were specific, did not depend upon quantity,
but depended upon general and constant care
and supervision over the work. Therefore it
seemed plain from the explanations which
were made that under the eight-hour law, and
under the operation of the law which required
equality between the pay in private establish-
ments and in the public works, they ought not
to be reduced.
Therefore we proposed to substitute for the
House provision, which is in fact no provision
at all, the provision which is found in italics,
that these particular classes of persons who
did not fall within the spirit of the eight hour
law or within the spirit of the general law reg-
ulating equality of wages upon time, should
have made up to them the twenty per cent,
reduction that was made upon their wages,
which we thought clearly ought not to have
been done. That is the way the case stands.
I will add that at the Springfield armory
where these questions principally arose, the
commandant, Colonel Benton, informed the
men when he made this order that if any of
them chose to continue to work longer, for ten
hours, he would pay extra, and therefore they
need not be compelled to work only eight hours
and take only eight hours' pay; and some of
them did work longer and did receive more;
but it was a matter of option with the workmen
whether they would do it or not.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, this is a very
simple proposition. There is a large body of
men in the country desii-ous of reducing the
hours of labor. 1 think the hours of labor
during the last forty years have been reduced
two or three hours per day on an average.
Especially is this true among skilled laborers.
They asked Congress to pass an eight-hour law,
applying to the public works, for the purpose
of testing the question. Congress passed the
act, and in some of the public works men worked
eight hours and were paid their full wages ac-
cording to the intent and spirit of the law.
In other places a reduction of one fifth was
made in the pay. It was so at Springfield,
and so for a long time at Rock Island and some
other places, while at a number of places no
distinction whatever was made. The matter
was referred to the Attorney General. Tne
Attorney General made a construction which
was overruled afterwaid by an order of the
President making eight hours a full day's
work, carrying with it a full day's pay. I am
satisfied that was the intention of both Houses
of Congress. The object was in the public
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 176.
works to test the question whether it was best -
to adopt in the country eight hours instead of
ten hours as a day's labor. That was the law.
That was the object of it avowedly; it was so
understood out of Congress, and so under-
stood in Congress.
It may be that this law was not a wise" law.
It may be, as some say, that it has failed. I
do not see the evidence that it has failed. I
want a fair experiment made, and carefully
made. I want the. facts to come to us to base
action upon in the future. But these men
ought to be put upon a perfect equality in all
the works of the country. They now all work
eight hours and get the pay of a day's work
for it. We want to equalize this in the past,
and this section is intended for that purpose.
It is said it will cost two, three, or four hun-
dred thousand dollars. It may cost that, and
may cost something more; but the question is
one of justice, one of fairness, and not one of
amount. I think money was made to do good
with and do justice with always. But the ques-
tion is not whether it will cost more money or
less when you owe an obligation. Before you
make your contract that is a fair question for
consideration; but when you have an obli-
gation on you, and when an honest and just
demand is made upon you, thequestionis not
what it costs, but the question is, is it right to
pay the money ?
I think this amendment moved by the com-
mittee ought to. be rejected. Then the proviso
put on in the House, on the motion of a mem-
ber, ought to be rejected, and then pass the
section thus amended as it was originally
intended by the mover in the House, and by
the House itself.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I was pres-
ent when this eight-hour law was passed, and
I remember very distinctly what was my
understanding at the time, and 1 think what
was the understanding of the Senate. It was
that the period of labor should be reduced
two hours a day without reducing the price.
It was said in the argument on that occasion
that it was advisable to try the experiment in
the Government workshops, so^ as to see
whether there would be any loss in the actual
amount of labor, or what the loss would be.
That this was the understanding in the Senate
is shown by the fact that the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sheiuiix] offered an amendment
to the bill declaring that the pay should be
reduced in the same proportion as the time,
and that amendment was voted down by quite
a large majority. That amendment tested the
understanding of the Senate upon the subject.
The Attorney General, Mr. Evarts, however,
gave an opinion that the law simply provided
fur reducing the time of labor, and authorized
a reduction of the price in the same propor-
tion. That opinion, I think, was in direct
conflict with the understandingot the Senate;
but a subsequent Attorney General under the
present Administration, I am informed, gave
a different opinion to the President, and the
President issued an order directing that the
workmen in the Government shops should re-
ceive the full price without a. deduction oil
account of the reduction ot" time. But in
the mean time there had been m several ot the
Government arsenals or workshops, lor in-
stance at Springfield and at ItocK Island, a
reduction in the price in proportion to the
diminution of time, while at the other arsenals
and workshops the fall price was paid. 1 uu-
derstand the object of the Senator iron Mas-
sachusetts is to obtain an equalization, and put
all these men on the same level exactly. _ As
most of the Government workmen obtained
the full piice, the others should. I believe
that this is just on every principle, and that
there should be equality in the price paid.
It has been Said that the experiment that
was to be tried in the Government work-
shops has failed. I am not satisfied that it has
failed.
A statement was made to me by an officer
of the armory at Springfield showing some
extraordinary results, that when the diminu-
tion of expenses was considered and the
amount of labor performed, there was a large
increase in the amount of actual result.
Sometime ago I offered a resolution, which
was adopted by the Senate, calling upon the
Secretary of War to state what was the prac-
tical working of the eight-hour law in the
armory at Springfield and in the arsenal at
Rock Island. That report has not been made,
but from what I understand that report will
show some results that may surprise the Sen-
ate in regard to the increased amount of work
during eight hours a day as compared with
eight hours under the old system when they
worked ten hours a day.
But, whatever may be the result of the
experiment, whatever may be the report of
the Secretary of War upon the subject, it is
a simple matter of justice to put all these
men upon an equality, and that they shall be
paid according to the provision and intent
of the law. The most of them have been so
paid. Why not put them all upon the same
level? Why make a distinction? That was
the purpose of the law. We cannot blame
the workmen for taking advantage of it or
claiming their rights under it. I am in favor
of economy, but [ am not in favor of economy
at the expense of law and the violation of
what I regard as good faith.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am in favor of striking
out the amendment of the Senate committee.
I am in favor of retaining the section as it
came from the House, striking out from it
the proviso. Those are my views, because I
am for placing all the mechanics and workmen
of the Government upon the same footing in
respect to their wages since the eight-hour rule
was established in the Government works.
Not to do that is to be guilty of great injustice
toward a considerable portion of those men.
Many of them, I understand the majority of
them, have received their wages for eight hours
a day at the old rate they had received them for
ten hours a day. Has any one suggested a sin-
gle reason why those men who, by the acci-
dental circumstance of a different view held
by the superintendent, had their wages reduced
by one fifth as compared with all the rest,
should not receive the portion thus withheld
from them? Has any one presented any reason
that should govern the action of Congress ?
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmuxtds]
says that to do this it would cost three or four
hundred thousand dollars. What sort of a
reason is that? Why, sir, it probably costs
us a great, deal more than that every year to
pay the wages of our workmen at all; we might
save a good deal by refusing to pay them any-
thing, or more than one half their due. Surely
that is not an argument which can be seriously
urged against equities such as are now pressed
upon us.
I do not consider the merits of the eight-
hour system involved in this discussion. The
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mortox] has, how-
ever, stated from the proceedings of Congress
at the time the bill passed, many circum-
stances which show very distinctly what was the
understanding of Congress then ; and that the
understanding was that the wages of labor
should remain the same, though the hours of
labor were reduced one fifth.
But, sir, 1 submit to the Senator whether
there is not a higher argument even than the
expressions of Senators or members of the
House, or even than votes of the Senate or of
the House upon the measure in its different
stages? It is the argument derived from the
nature of the measure itself. The reduction
of the hours of labor has from time to time
for the last hundred years marked at each re-
duction a beneficial era in the improved con-
dition of the workingmau, and in civilization
generally. It has marked also an era, not
