2802
THE CONG-KESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
of diminished production, but of increased
production.
More than that, it has been asked for as a
boon by the mechanics of the world, by those of
this country especially, and has been granted
to them as a boon. Now, what sort of a boon
do you call it to reduce the hours of labor one
fifth per day if you reduce the wages of labor
in the same proportion? They ask for bread,
and you give them a stone. They ask for a
benefit, and you tender an injury. You shorten
their hours of toil, but you cut down their
means of livelihood. You keep the word of
promise to tho ear, but break it to the hope.
When the time comes to discuss the whole sub-
ject of the eight-hour rule on its merits, I am
ready to discuss it, to meet its opponents in a
fair held. I know there is a cry—we have heard
it to-day—that "the experiment has failed."
I do not agree to this; on the contrary, I have
seen figures which show the exact contrary from
the Government workshops. The information
also derived by me, upon inquiry made from
large employers of labor hi my own State,
looks to anything but a failure of the experi-
ment. But, sir, even if thus far it had not
produced all the good results expected of it by
its friends, we are therefore to say it has
failed ? It has hardly had a trial; and the
trial has been almost always at the hands of
its enemies. We all know that the reduction
of the hours of labor from twelve to ten hours,
made, if I remember correctly, by the adminis-
tration of Mr. Van Buren, did at first pro-
duce some trouble and some consequences that
were not.desirable. We also remember well
that after awhile the producing power of the
American mechanic, the natural energies of
the country, asserted themselves, and pro-
duction went on, not at a diminished rate, but
at an increased rate.
Whenever the question is fairly before the
Senate, and the Senate is disposed to hear it
discussed, it can be shown by the deductions
of science as well as by our short experience,
even under very adverse circumstances, that
eight hours a day form precisely that period
of daily labor which enables the human laborer
to prolong for the greatest period of the average
duration of life his producing capacity. It is
not a question of to-day's earnings, nor of six
months, nor of a year, nor of five years. The
question is whether it is or is not in the interest
of the State to have the productive energies of
the laborer maintained for the greatest period
of the average life of man.
1 repeat, if it be true, according to the
deductions of scientific men, who approach
this great problem as a pure question of science
with reference to the motive forces of the
human system, that eight hours are the proper
mean of the day's work, then lsay it is in tho
highest interestof an enlightened State to adopt
that eight-hour rule, and no such State, being
alive to its own interests or to the importance
of the question, will be ready to abandon as
a failed experiment, without half a trial, the
efforts to ascertain whether, indeed, the deduc-
tions of science on this great question and
the promptings of humanity are alike delusive
and false.
But, sir, these questions arc not before the
Senate now. Perhaps I should apologize for
introducing them even incidentally. The sim-
ple question now is, whether we are prepared
to do equal and exact justice to the Govern-
ment workmen throughout the country by pay-
ing to such of them as have not had it the same
rate of wages for their labor already paid to
all the other workmen in the Government em-
ployment. If any difference can he shown
between the workmen at Springfield and at
Rock Island, who have not received their full
wages by one fifth, and those who did receive
them, I am ready to consider it. None such
has been suggested. I believe none such can
be shown. On the contrary, I imagine that
the world has not to show a body of skilled
workmen superior or equal to the workmen m
the Government shops at Springfield. Ihe
arms investigation which has attracted so much
attention discloses the extraordinary fact, I
might say the unparalleled fact, in the history
of Government, that in your armory at Spring-
field you produce the finest arms of precision
that have ever been manufactured on any large
scale by a Government at a less price than they
can be made in the very best private workshops.
I will not delay this measure of justice and
equality to our own workmen by any further
remarks. However Senators may differ as to
the merits ofthe eight-hour system, they should
not differ as to our placing all the Government
workmen on the same footing as to their
wages. That, and no more than that, is what
we contend for. Who will refuse it? I repeat,
let us strike out the Senate amendment en-
tirely. Let us insert the House amendment
in the bill, striking out from it the House pro-
viso, which is a simple contradiction of all the
rest of the section and indeed nullifies it
utterly. We have too long delayed this act
of justice. Let us perform it now cheerfully
and generously.
Mr. COLE. I am one of those who believe
that the laborer is worthy of his hire, and
would be among the very last to do anything
that would be at all oppressive upon the class
of people who earn their living by their labor.
But, sir, there is a question involved in this
amendment that has not been brought to the
attention of the Senate, and it is my duty to
call the attention of the Senate to every diffi-
culty that may attend the adoption of the
amendment.
There is no law fixing the rate of wages at
these establishments. They could be reduced
at any time or raised, without any cause of
complaint in the one case or any dissatisfac-
tion on the part of the Government in the
other case. That was the province of the
officers having charge of those establishments
at the time; and I do not know how you are
to ascertain that the wages were reduced be-
cause of this change of the law. Tho reduc-
tion may have taken place for other reasons,
and the question is open as to whether the
Government will not suffer serious injury by a
demand made by the workmen in all the dif-
ferent departments of the Government for
additional wages during this period of nine
months provided for in the bill.
It seems to me the whole question is settled
by the fact that it is the province of the agents
of the Government having charge of these
establishments to fix the wages at any time, at
any rate, for the persons who are employed in
those establishments. They have only done
that in some instances. There is a difference
in the rate of wages in the different establish-
ments. There is a difference in the rate of
wages for different kinds of employment, and
they differ also in the different localities. In
the establishment at Springfield, Massachu-
setts, I presume they have different wages from
workmen in the establishment at Rock Island,
Illinois, or at some point in California. These
wages are not fixed bylaw; and I do not know
how any legal or equitable demand can be
maintained for this additional pay.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I was not
present in committee when the amendment
was adopted which appears as a substitute for
the House provision in this regard, but it does
seem to me that a spirit of justice requires us
to pay these men the same rate of wages that
other men were paid who were employed by
the Government under the same circumstances.
It is well known that at some of the public
works the laborers were paid at the old rates
for the lessened time during which they were
employed; in other words, that the rates of
wages which had been previously paid for ten
hours' labor were paid for eight hours' labor
subsequent to the passage of what is known as
the eight-hour law. It is also known that at
some of the Government works the wages wera
reduced to eighty per cent, of the old rates,
the superintendents of those works inferring
that the Government meant when they reduced
the hours of labor to reduce the compensation.
I assume that so much agitation as has taken
place on this subject would not have taken
place in the Halls of Congress if the purpose
was simply to cut off twenty per cent, of the
wages of the laborer. I assume, and I think
it cannot be controverted, that the design of
Congress in passing that law was that the
hours of labor should be diminished while the
wages remained the same. I do not say a
word as to the policy or impolicy of such a law.
I do not believe this is a subject upon which
legislation was necessary at the time. I know
in many cases it was a subject upon which these
laborers certainly did not demand legislation ;
but as passed by Congress, the intention evi-
dently was to reduce the hours of labor aud
not to reduce the wages per diem.
While a portion of the employes of the
Government were paid at the old rates for
eight hours' labor, another portion were paid
at the reduced rates for eight hours' labor, and
it left a feeling of soreness, a feeling of in-
justice in the minds of those who were paid the
lesser rates. It was a perfectly naturnal feel-
ing. Unless it is rectified now, there will re-
main a feeling that the Government has been
unjust to these men. When the President
issued his order directing that the rates of pay
should be fixed for the eight hours the same as
they had formerly been fixed for the ten hours,
the practice became uniform.
The object of the provision as it was adopted
by the House prior to the addition of the pro-
viso, unquestionably was to correct this injus-
tice, this inequality, if that term is any more
acceptable, and it seems to me that we cannot
with any degree of propriety refuse to put
these men who received but eighty per cent,
on the same plane precisely with those more
favored employes of the Government who re-
ceived one hundred per cent. I question very
much whether they have a legal claim against
the Government for this additional twenty per
cent. I question very much whether under
the decision of the Attorney General made at
the time they would have a legal claim which
they could maintain in the Court of Claims for
it, though that may be an open question. But
every one of these laborers feels that he is
aggrieved by the failure of the Government to
provide that twenty per cent. Not only that,
nine tenths of the population of the United
States feel that those men are aggrieved. With-
out looking back to the oolicy of the original
law, without looking to the question whether
the enactment of the law was wise or not, I
regard it simply as a measure of justice that
they should be paid the additional twenty per
cent. I hope the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts will prevail.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, this question of the regulating of the
hours of labor is a question that belongs to the
States rather than to the nation, and the idea
that we shall pay men in Government employ
a greater sum than is paid by piivate persons
or paid in^ the several States to those in the
same business, it seems to me is wrong in
principle and wrong in practice. I do not de-
sire, for one, that we should have any employ-
ment for men who will seek to leave their homes
m order to get a softer place under the Gov-
ernment, and therefore 1 desire to ask whether
it will not be in order now to amend this pro-
vision before it shall be stricken out.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
V1 the chair.) The Chair understands the
pending amendment to be to both strike out
and insert.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is to strike
out what was inserted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is to
strike out the second section of the bill.
