114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
agrees in its main features with the table fur-
nished by the Census Bureau, which I hold in
my hands, and which has been furnished to
every member. Thattable is calculated accord-
ing to the law of 1850. It takes the aggregate
representative population of the United States
and divides it by the whole number which are
to constitute the House of Representatives.
The product of that division constitutes the
ratio. It is a simple matter and clear to every
one. The Illinois bill follows that law and
follows that table.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania has at-
tacked this table upon one or two occasions,
but after a careful examination I am prepared
to say that that table, as furnished by the
Census Bureau, is clear, reliable, and correct
in all its results, and that it is to be relied
upon as an accurate computation, an accurate
statement of facts and figures altogether in ac-
cordance with the requirements of the law of
1850. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has
indicated that there are several majority frac-
tions in this table for which credit is not given.
That follows from the provision of the law of
18-30, which requires that only so many major-
ity fractions shall be allowed members as shall
suffice to (ill the number fixed for the House
of Represenlatives. It fixes the limit for mem-
bers of the House, and there stops. The re-
sult is that fifteen States are allowed a mem-
ber for fractions, and three that have fractions
are riot allowed membeis.
I now come to the only difference between
the Illinois bill and the census tables; and I
think it is a very proper and commendable
alteration. The bill of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farxsworth,] as it now stands,
proposes to allow one member for each
majority fraction, which increases the whole
number from two hundred and eighty to
two hundred and eighty-three. It is upon the
theory that if, is better for us not to stickle
about two or three more seats in this House
if we thereby deprive several hundred thou-
sand people of representation. I think the
Illinois bill a fair and just one, and I hope it
will be adopted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FINKELNBUEGr. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. POTTER. I move to strike out the
proviso to the second section of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Fauxswortii,] in order that I may liars an
opportunity to say something on this very im-
portant subject.
This debate, Mr. Chairman, has proceeded
for some days, during which we have been
favored with much discussion in respect of
tractions and figures, and the effect of the dif-
ferent plans that, have been brought forward,
upon particular State?, and in lespect also of
the constitutional question which arises under
the fourteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution. But during all this discussion it
has been laken lor granted that the number of
Representatives which should compose this
House under the new appoitionment should
be about twohimdied and eighty. And when
the leason for fixing upon any such number as
that is challenged in debate, the gentleman in
charge of this bill [Mr. Fauns, worth] moves
at once that general debate be closed m an
hour, and we are thus luft with but five minutes
or so each in which to discuss this most im-
pormnt matter.
Now, why should two hundred and eighty
be about the number that should compose this
House? No reason has been assigned for
that in debate ; but it has been assumed, if I
may judge from the opinions expressed in
conversation on the floor, that two hundred
and eighty was about the proper number,
because wi.h that number of membeis for this
House tacii State would retain at least its
present number of Representatives, except the
two States of Vermont and New Hampshire.
But, sir, that is a reason merely personal to
gentlemen who may expect to remain in Con-
gress ; for the States will lose nothing, what-
ever the number of this House may be fixed
at, in their proportion of representation. When
a State is reduced from twenty votes out of
two hundred to ten votes in one hundred, it
has lost absolutely nothing of its rights. If
upon the new apportionment which must be
had, any State in a House of the present num-
ber would have a smaller nnmber of Repre-
sentatives than it now has, it would neverthe-
less retain all the proportionate representation
it was entitled to, and so would lose nothing,
although there may be gentlemen here who
would be prevented by the change from longer
representing their State. But that would be a
loss to gentlemen personally, and not to the
States or to the people.
If we should have a House of two hundred
and forty members or thereabouts, my State,
instead of longer having thirty-one members
here, would have but twenty-eight; therefore
three of us, in that event, could not possibly
come back here. That, however, is a consid-
eration affecting us personally; but so far
as the State and its people are concerned, it
is a consideration of no importance at all.
Indeed, I insist that it is a grave objection to
this bill that it faxes the number of the House
at that number which leaves a seat for every
member but two at present in the House—and
I hear those two are to be provided for by
amendment—and that it has nothing else in
respect of the number which shall compose
the House to commend it. That is, it is a bill
in the interest of members personally, and not
of their Slates or of their constituents.
It has been suggested, sir, in this debate
that it was necessary for every State that it
should hare at least as many members under the
new apportionment as it has now, (although
that result would largely increase the whole
number composing this body,) in order that
the interests of the State and of the people
upon this floor may be properly cared for.
Even my friend from Indiana [Mr. Niblack]
argued yesterday that though New England
would lose under this bill six members, she
would still, with the members she would yet
have in this House, and her present number of
Senators, retain quite as much influence as she
ought to have. As if her influence would be
diminished by a diminution in the actual num-
ber of her Representatives, although her jast
proportional representation was preserved.
But surely this is a mistake. Whatever may
be the number of the House hereafter, New
England will have exactly that vote in the
House which by reason of her population she
is entitled to, and as much, therefore, as her
States or any of the States ought to have;
while, as regards the actual number of her
members, whether deprived of two or of six,
she will lose_nothing in her influence. That
this is so is indeed best illustrated by one of
these very New England States.
Massachusetts has ten members in this
House and New York has thirty-one. Not
to refer to this Congress 1 will remind gentle-
men that in the last Congress Massachusetts,
with her ten members, had the chairmanships
of five of the principal committees of the
House—the Committee of Ways and Means,
the Committee on Appropriations, the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, the Committee of
Claim?, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
while^ New York, with thirty-one members^
had the chairmanship of but one committee,
and that only the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad! Having regard to the right which
the chairmen of some of these committees
possess under the rules of the House to
claim the floor of this House at all times,
Massachusetts, with a million and a half of
people, had in the Forty-First Congress more
to say in this House, more control, and in
every respect but in the number of votes she
cast, more power than New York, with a pop-
ulation of four and a half millions.
Sir, I do not complain of that. It was the
constitutional right of Massachusetts ; it was
an advantage due to the wisdom of her policy.
A member of this House, than whom none is
more able and distinguished, himself a New
England Republican, said to me during the
last Congress that when the middle States of
this Union should learn to send their best men
to this House and to keep them here, they
would control this Government; but that just
so long as they adhered to that principle of
rotation which takes men away from the House
before they become familiar with the duties
and rules of the House, and get those posi-
tions on committees which result from long
service here, just so long those States would
fritter away the power and influence in this
Government which by their central geograph-
ical position they ought to have. Sir, I repeat
I do not complain of this. Whatever influence
and power Massachusetts has here, she has
as of right; and she will continue to have it,
whether this House be composed of one hun-
dred or of five hundred members, so long as she
pursues the same wise policy as to her members
of Congress that she has adopted heretofore.
Mr.Chairman, the only consideration which,
it seems to me, we should admit upon a matter
of this kind, is what number of members is
necessary to secure a faithful representation
of all the interests and rights of the people
here, consistent with the efficient discharge of
public business. As regards the discharge of
public business, what is the present condition
of things? We have now a House composed
of two hundred and forty members. Can any-
body speak here so as to be heard throughout
the Hall? Can business be dispatched in a
deliberate tone of voice or manner? When a
man begins to speak in this House, he has to
raise his voice and shout with all his might,
and presently he is obliged to thrash about
with his arms in order to supply his lungs
with the necessary blood to keep up the
volume of voice required. Next he 'gets
excited and violent; and thus it results that
the legislation of one of the most powerful
bodies in the -world is conducted with more
apparent violence, with less deliberation, and
with less creditable manner, than that of per-
haps any other civilized country. Why, sir,
legislation like that of this body, which affects
the gravest rights of the people, ought to be
carried on in a deliberate manner—ought to
be conducted, if possible, in a conversational
tone of voice. In the House of Commons,
with its six hundred and fifty members, forty
constitute a quorum for general business and
twenty for private bills. The members nestle
around in a little space in front of the speaker,
and nobody has to raise his voice greatly to
be heard. While in this House, in which by
constitutional provision a quorum must always
be at least a majority of the whole House, in
order to command any attention beyond those
who immediately surround us we are, on the
other hand, obliged to shout until we make
an exhibition of ourselves creditable neither
to us nor to the legislation of the country ; and
yet it is proposed for the next ten years to still
further increase these embarrassments to wise
legislation.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania who last
addressed the Chair has suggested that the
people, whose pulse is quickly felt here, want
more Representatives. I confess I do not see
any indication of that kind so far as I come in
contact with the people. During the last ten
years many of the congressional districts of
this country have increased very much in pop-
ulation. In some districts there are now over
two hundred thousand people. In my own dis-
trict there are now about one hundred and eighty
thousand; and yet can anybody say that the
more populous districts of the country are less
effectually represented, or that the people have
any more difficulty in expressing their will and
having it obeyed than in districts having but one
hundred and twenty or thirty thousand people?
