1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
No such complaint or suggestion has ever been
made, so far as I know. On the contrary, such
is the condition of the country, such are the
facilities of communication by railway and
telegraph, and generally the various means
of intercommunication now existing have
become so developed, that a Representative
can closely represent a district containing two
hundred thousand people, and maintain gen-
eral and constant communication with his con-
stituents, with far more ease than was the case
when the Government was established and the
constituency was but thirty thousand. Sir, it
is not the people who want more Represent-
atives, but the Representatives who want an
opportunity to continue to be Representatives.
My own judgment is, that in the proportion
you increase the quota of representation you
will be apt to increase the dignity of the repre-
sentative office and elevate the character of the
persons who come here as Representatives of
the people. I firmly believe that the people
would be better represented, that business
would be better dispatched, with one hundred
and fifty members in this House, than with two
hundred and fifty. Bat when this body, now
consisting of two hundred and forty members,
is swelled to two hundred and eighty, then 1
believe that this "cave of the winds," as some-
body has called it, will have become very much
worse, as regards its confusion, as regards the
inability of membei'S to understand the course
of business, as regards the carelessness and
wane of responsibility exhibited on the part of
members, than it has ever been before. And
here let me add one other objection to increas-
ing the number of this body which occurs to
me; and that is, as Representatives are in-
creased in number, the number of propositions
brought before the House is proportionably in-
creased in number. The fertility of our peo-
ple in invention and suggestion is notorious.
Even now the House is overwhelmed with the
rush of bills and resolutions, which two hun-
dred and forty members bring before it. And
to increase the House one sixth, is to increase
just so much the difficulties of wise, provident,
and careful legislation, already so great.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALDEMAN. I renew the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, I desire only at this time to
call attention to what I consider a very import-
ant neglect by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnsworth] and my colleague from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Mercur] in the pending
bill and substitute. It is that neither of these
bills provides for a permanent organization of
this House, nor provides for an apportion-
ment of representation among the several
States in the decade that shall succeed this,
and after the census of 1880. They determined
and fixed the number for each of the States,
but they in no wise provide for the change of
the basis of representation which will take
place within the next decade. The Constitu-
tion requires the census shall be taken each
ten years, and the members shall be appor-
tioned among the several States in proportion
to their population. Such an apportionment
could not be had ten years hence under either
of these bills. The number of Representatives
which the original bill of the gentleman from
Illinois and the substitute of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania apportions to each State
would not be even an approximation to the
number that each State would be entitled to
after the next census and under the constitu-
tional provisions which so plainly require that
a common representative basis as ratio or
divisor should be employed in determining
the number of Representatives each State is
entitled to. In the language of the Constitu-
tion, " Representatives shall be apportioned
among the several States according to their
respective numbers." This manifestly implies
the nearest common divisor or ratio for each
and every State, which ratio it would be im-
possible to find under either of these bills.
wherein a fixed representation is given to
each State, and no provision made for changes
in the populations of the States in the course
of ten years.
Originally members were apportioned among
the several States by those who framed our
system of government by first determining a
representative basis, which was fixed in the
first instance at thirty thousand. But in time,
and decade after decade, the Congress some-
times fixed the number of members, and some-
times first determined the representative ratio.
Upon one or other of these principles each ap-
portionment has been based, and no apportion-
ment can be logically founded upon any other.
Neither of these bills, upon its face, shows you
upon what principle of representation the Rep-
resentatives are to be apportioned among the
several States. There is nothing in the bills
themselves to tell us the principle adopted by
the gentlemen. We only know that a certain
definite number of Representatives are to be
given to each State.
My colleague says he experimented. The
bill of the gentleman from Illinois is silent.
Now, it is well known that at every recurring
period of ten years this House and the country
were agitated by the discussion between the
larger and the smaller States, until the year
1850, when in the census bill were incorpo-
rated two provisions exceedingly wise, one pro-
viding for taking the census each decade in
case Congress should fail to provide for it, and
the other establishing a fixed law, however
just or unjust you may consider it, in accord-
ance with which the Secretary of the Interior
performing a clerical duty, should apportion
the Representatives among the several States,
thus securing a permanent organization of this
House, as contemplated by the Constitution.
Now, Mr. Chairman, in view of the sad
events of the last ten years, when State after
State withdrew from these Halls, should we
still hug to ourselves the fond delusion that
these people are a people so blessed by the
Deity that we are not subject to the ills which
other nations are subjected to? Must we not
remember different branches of the Govern-
ment have attempted to exclude one another?
Is it right that we should be at the mercy of
the other end of the Capitol failing to pass a
bill apportioning members among the States ?
Do we wish to be at the mercy of an Executive
failing to sign, or vetoing a bill, and thus dis-
solving the representative body of the people
which holds the purse-strings ?
I consider this so important, Mr. Chairman,
that I have prepared an amendment in the form
of a substitute which I will offer at the proper
time. I think, whatever we do, however we
discuss questions of fractions of larger States
against smaller ones, however much we may
remember that Pennsylvania, with a population
of three million five hundred thousand, can
have only one fraction, while New England,
with a population of three million five hundred
thousand, must have six fractions, and may
have six additional members, however much
we may remember that New England, with a
population of three million five hundred thou-
sand, has six fractions, while New York, with
a population of four million four hundred thou-
sand, has only one fraction ; however much we
may feel on these questions, I do hope that,
rising above party and section and State, we
may keep firmly in mind the necessity of per-
manently organizing this House, of placing
our existence as a body beyond the reach of
senatorial jealousy or executive ambition  
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
withdraw his amendment to the amendment?
Mr. HALDEMAN. I do.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs on
the following amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Farxsworth:]
Sec. 2. That in each State entitled under this law
'to more than one Representative, the number to
Which said States may be entitled in the Forty-Third
and each subsequent Congress shall be elected by
districts composed of contiguous territory equal in
number to the number of Representatives to which
said States may be entitled in Congress, no one dis-
trict electing more than one Representative: Pro-
vided, That in the election of Representatives to the
Forty-Third Congress in any Stat-e which by this
law is given an increased number of Represent-
atives the additional Representative or Represent-
atives allowed to such State may be elected by the
State at large, and the other Representatives to
■which the State is entitled by the districts as now
prescribed by law in said State, unless the Legis-
lature of said State shall otherwise provide before
the time fixed by law for the election of Represent-
atives therein.
Sec. 3. That all acts and parts of acts in conflict
with the provisions of this act arc hereby repealed.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make a sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farktsworth, ] rather than a motion, that the
third section be stricken out. It is not only
unnecessary, but inelegant and ungraceful.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let the gentleman
make his motion, then.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move, then, to amend
the amendment by striking out that section.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question next recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Farnsworth, as amended.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 34, noes 76.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Farxsworth
and Mr Mercur were appointed.
Mr. CONGER. Would itbe proper to divide
that amendment and have a separate vote on
the proviso?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
the amendment cannot be divided.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 84, noes 87.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
desire to offer my amendment as an amend-
ment to the original bill, to come in as an
additional section, section two.
Mr. SHANKS. Will not this deprive us of
the privilege of going back to the previous
section ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would decide
that any part of the original bill would be
amendable. The Clerk will report the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Bctler.]
The Clerk read as follows:
That the election of all Representatives in Con-
gress shall be held on the first Tuesday after the first
Monday of November of each alternate year, after
the election of electors of President and Vice Pres-
ident in the yearlS72, except inease of special elec-
tions ordered to fill a vacancy.
Mr. CO BURN. I think a question arises
here of precedence in the order of business.
My colleague [Mr. Shanks] proposes to amend
the first section as it stands, and unless the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
has special reasons for pressing his amend-
ment just now I think the committee would
act more logically in taking the amendment
of my colleague first.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
which he offers as an additional section of the
original bill, is before the committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I only
desire to say that this amendment was offered
to the substitute which tun been lost, and I now
want to apply it to the original bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] a
question, merely for information. Where State
constitutions have fixed a day for the election
of members of Congress, I would like to know
how you can abrogate these by an act of this
kind?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The Con-
stitution of the United States, as I understand
it, gives us the power to fix the day of hold-
ing the election of Representatives. But we
cannot interfere, nor does this amendment
interfere, with the day of holding State eleo-
