64
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
Senate.
Sale of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Conkling.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
French republic or the sons of Louis Philippe.
I hope it will not be too high for those who are
seeking to bespatter our Government with the
mud in which they are dredging for claims
against American merchants and American
eiiizens.
Shortly after the proclamation to which I
have called attention, the ordnance depart-
ment discovered that Mr. Remington had busi-
ness relations with France. Instantly trans-
actions with him were arrested, and from that
hour never was Sale made by the United States
to Remington; but the Government did con-
tinue the sale to other citizens of ordnance
stores. Was this unlawfut, was it immoral
according to any code? Did the Franco-Prus-
sian war make it an act of hostility to Prussia
for this Government to sell arms to our own
citizens? Were France and Prussia alone
arming? No, sir. The honorable Senator
from Missouri has chosen to discuss this ques-
tion as if the only market for arms sprang from
the combat between these two nationalities.
On the contrary, the allies of Prussia were
arming, as well as Prussia's foes. The whole
eastern hemisphere was arming. Russia was
arming, Austria was arming, so was England,
Egypt, and the Sultan of Turkey. Denmark
was arming, Sweden was arming, South Amer-
ica was arming. There were strifes for em-
pires and strifes for seas. Russia had given
notice that she would dissolve or rend her
treaty stipulations which limited thearmament
with which she might cruise in the Black sea.
Spain was on a war footing, in her own penin-
sula, and in the Island of Cuba. All Europe
was to be embroiled. There was likely to be
a riot of the nations. In every money-center
and commercial mart on earth there was a
market for arms. And we are told that at
such a time, in the midst of such events our
Government must suspend its customary trade.
Who says this? What publicist ever said it?
In what tongue did he write? In what library
can his words be found? Sir, I deny it. Theie
is no such principle of public law, no such dic-
tum. I challenge its production.
Why pervert and cramp the case by arguing
as if the Rhine was the sole field tor whicli
arms were in demand? Remington himself
sold arms to eight foreign Governments: to
Denmark, forty-two thousand stand of arms;
Spain, for Cuba, seventy five thousand stand
of arms; Rome, ten thousand; Japan, three
thousand; South America, ten thousand; Swe-
den, thirty thousand; Egypt, sixty thousand;
and others, nearly half a million stand of arms
sold to foreign Governments within the last
three or four years, not to "scare geese," not
"to kill black birds." but to carry on the grim
trade of death, to lift still higher the purple
testament of bleeding war. Mr. President,
humanity may sigh and sicken, Christianity
may shudder at the thought; but to talk about
this being a breach of international law, is the
very phantasy or hypocrisy, of faded sentiment-
ality, if it is not something worse. Prussia
had her needle gun. On a hundred battle-
fields the world had seen the arms of America
surpass all other implements of war; on a
hundred battle-fields Ameiican artisans had
proved their title to unequaled inventive genius.
The needle-gun of Piussia alone in the whole
armory of the world was entitled to compari-
son with the arms we made. Prussia had her
needle-gun in numbers great enough. She
therefore did not buy guns of us, although our
ordnance stores did go in part, I am told, to
Prussia; but she wanted no guns. I call the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri as my witness to
prove ibis fact. I quote him:
"The Senator from Iowa called already our at-
tention to eertain proceedings which unsseJ between
the Prussian legation and the War Department.
He said that the Prussian minister bad requested
the Secretary of War to suspend the sales of arms
for a little while, so that Prussian agents also might
have an opportunity to bid. The Secretary of War
having communicated to ine the same statement at
the time, or a short time after, I inquired of the
Prussian legation whether this was actually the
case."
I pause to ask the attention of the Senator
to that statement. A member of this body
goes to the minister of war and asks for the
statement of a fact touching a foreign Gov-
ernment, the Secretary of War makes an
explicit statement to the Senator upon his
veiaeity; and that Senator tells us that he
then goes to a foreign legation, communicates
what he has heard, and inquires whether the
statement of the American Secretary of War be
true or not! Sir, we have heard much about
official propriety; we have been told many
things becoming and decorous in public officers.
I venture no comment on the passage I have
read, but I reserve the right to reflect whether
this is an example we should improve our
ways by following.
The application the Senator made was a very
safe one, however. He inquired of the Baron
von Gerolt, who was not only a truthful man,
not only a Christian, not only a German to the
core, and a watchful, zealous minister, but who
was a friend of America in sunshine and in
shade, and who carried with him from our
shores not only a memory of the respect and
affection in which he was held, but a thorough
appreciation of the kindness, the friendship,
and the fellowship that Germany ever found in
the American Republic.
The Senator continues:
"The information I received was this: that in-
deed they had requested the Secretary of War to
suspendthe sales of arms for a certain time, but not
with a view to buy for the use of the Prussian Gov-
ernment, which had arms enough"—
So the Senator was informed by the official
representative of that Government—
" but in some way, by advancing money upon them,
to prevent the safe of those arms to the French."
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator is aware that
I think the day after I made those remarks, I
corrected them to some extent.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator give
me the correction now?
Mr. SCHURZ. Cerlainly; I have the Globe
here.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to place
the Senator in a false position ; far from it.
Mr. CAMERON, (after a pause.) Has the
Senator from New York concluded ?
Mr. CONKLING. I am waiting on the
Senator from Missouri, who wishes to make
some correction.
Mr. SCHURZ. I think the Senator from
New York took part in that conversation
which I had with the Senator from Indiana
the next day after I made that speech.
Mr. CONKLING. If there is any material
error cannot the Senator correct it as matter
of fact now?
Mr. SCHURZ. The correction I made was
this: that an arms merchant from New York,
having been advised of the sales going on here,
had come here and made the suggestion him-
self, not that the suggestion had proceeded
from the Prussian legation.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
corrects himself upon a point not material
now. His point is not in question here. I
am citing the Senator to prove two things:
first, that Prussia bad the opportunity to buy
of our citizens as all other buyers bought,
and second, that Prussia declined, or did not
improve the opportunity, because she was
already equipped ; in the Senator's language,
that she had arms enough. That is all.
Mr. SCHURZ. May I interrupt the Sen-
ator for a moment there ?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator does not sup-
pose I pretend to speak here as to the reasons
which Prussia had for not buying arms. When
I said that she had arms enough, that was my
own supposition, nobody else's.
Mr. CONKLING. Then the honorable
Senator will allow me to say that he was un-
fortunate in putiing the statement into the
mouth of Baron Gerolt. Let me read what
he said:
"The information X received was this "—
From the Prussian minister—
" that indeed they had requested the Secretary of
War to suspend the sales of arms for a certain time,
but not with a view to buv for the use of the Prus-
sian Government, which had arms enough, but in
some way, by advancing money upon them, to pre-
vent the sale of those arms to the Erench."
Certainly if the honorable Senator meant to
express a conjecture of his own, there was some
infelicity in his putiing it into the mouth of the
German minister; but of course I make no
point upon it if the Senator will only state
what he means us to understand now as to the
fact.
Mr. SCHURZ. What I meant the Senator
to understand was simply this, that that was
parenthetically interjected as a remark of my
own, for the Senator can very well understand
that if Baron Gerolt had made a statement
about the condition of his country to me in
regard to such matters, I would not report it
here. But that was one of the reasons which
suggested itself very naturally, as we were all
very well informed about the military condition
that Germany was then in.
Mr. CONKLING. Really the Senator pre-
sents me now with a piece of propriety too fine-
spun for my comprehension. My mind is not
microscopic enough to perceive the propriety
which be says restrains him. Let me under-
stand it. He says now, a year after the war
has ended, that he would not be guilty of
stating what Baron Gerolt told him pending
the war touching the number of arms Prussia
had. The Senator knows that there has gone
into the military gazettes of Europe and the
world a minute statement of all the armament
of Prussia, from a gun-qarriage to a canteen.
What possible secrecy or confidence can there
be at this late date about the armament o"
equipment of Prussia, or the report ot that
equipment made by Baron Von Gerolt ? Con-
sidering the Senator had no scruple in making
known to the minister of Prussia the s'a'ement
of the Secretary of War, and in comparing
notes with the minister to know whether the
Secretary of War told the truth, it seems to me
it is very scrupulous in him now to shrink from
telling what the minister said about matters
which have already become notorious through-
out the world.
Mr. SCHURZ. I merely wanted to inform
the Senator that in reporting the conversation
1 had with Baron Von Gerolt I desired to urge
the principal point, and that the remark inter-
jected there about the military condition of
Prussia was a remark of my own. However,
I do not consider the point relevant at all, nor
does the Senator from New York, as I per-
ceive. I think, therefore, it was hardly neces-
sary to multiply so many words about it.
Mr. CONKLING. What, then, is all this
about? The Senator says now that Prussia's
full supply of arms was his own statement.
Did he believe it when he made it?
Mr. SCHURZ. That Prussia had arms
enough ?
Mr. CONKLING! Yes, sir.
Mr. SOHUIIZ. To be sure I did.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I still call the
Senator as my witness. We know how thor-
oughly informed he is touching the politics
and public affairs of Christendom. We know
the access snd facility he has to learn such a
fact as he states, and therefore I call him to
the witness-stand again to prove, not upon
