1012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
consideration and that ought to be proceeded
with, we are interfered with by another prop-
osition of his to postpone this regular order of
business again. .
I insist upon it, therefore, that if time ia
wasted, it is not by myself, but by the Senator
from Illinois. I have consumed but very little
time in speaking upon any of these proposi-
tions, as little as I possibly could. It is not
my wont to consume much time upon such
propositions or upon any other before the
Senate. I always feci embarrassed, when I
do speak, with the idea that I am consuming
time which might be better used in the trans-
action of business. I hope that we shall now
proceed with the appropriation bill, and that
"the Senator from Illinois will not insist upon
wasting any more time.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not intend, Mr.
President, to enter into a lengthy discussion
of the precise question now before the Senate,
to wit, the postponement of the appropriation
bill, nor do I intend or expect to participate
in the debate that will follow if the resolution
under consideration shall be proceeded with,
but I do desire to explain why I shall vote to
proceed with this resolution.
And, in this connection, let me say that
while there are many bills pending before this
body reported by the Judiciary Committee
■which are, in my judgment, of the highest
importance, and deserve the immediate con-
sideration of the Senate, and ought imme-
diately to be enacted into laws, yet I will
always vote to postpone all ordinary and gen-
eral legislation for the purpose of taking up
an appropriation bill. The evils which we
have seen to result from appropriation bills
passing at midnight or in the early hours of
the morning just before oar adjournment; in
many such instances general legislation tacked
upon appropriation bills, sections which upset
the organization of the Army and the Navy,
change the rule of evidence in civil causes,
affect land titles, and I do not know what
all—these evils are so great that I desire, for
one, to thank the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations for having so early brought
this bill to our attention, and I give him my
solemn promise (and if that is not sufficient,
I will reduce it to writing and stamp it under
the internal revenue law) that I will vote
with him and for him against all the ordinary
legislation pending in this body.
But, Mr. President, this is a peculiar case.
I suppose it would not be proper for me to
mention what everybody knows outside. The
Senator seems to be very much in the condition
in which Lord Mansfield once found himself.
When it was said to him from the bar that he
could not take judicial notice of a certain fact,
and that tilers was no proof of it, Lord Mans-
field said it was a little remarkable if he did
not know and could not know what every other
man in London did know; and it is a little
remarkable that there is such profound igno-
rance in this body of what is known perfectly
•well and thoroughly understood by the whole
people of the land.
Sir, we are going into a political campaign.
This Administration is on trial before the peo-
ple. It is well understood that; the Chief
Executive will be renominated by the party
which put him in power before, and it has
been announced all over this country, it is
expected, that three or four Senators in this
body, who I have no doubt are traduced by
that belief, but yet are believed to be in oppo-
sition to the administration ot General Grunt
really and substantially, have had nursing and
coaxing and loading and ramming and pre-
paring a bomb-shell that was to be exploded
in the nick of time, and which was to blow
General Grant and all his friends plumb out
°[ Tf1?1"' [daughter. ] Now, sir, the bomb-
shell has been brought into this Chamber.
The Senator from Massachusetts has just
lighted the^ fuse. I desire to pause and await
the explosion. If we are all blown into frag-
ments there will be no occasion to pass any
appropriation bill; we shall have no Govern-
ment, I suppose; no Administration; no noth-
ing, and we can take our hats and go home in
peace. [Laughter. ]
As a friend of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, I am opposed to suspending hirtt in this
juncture of his affairs, with the fuse lighted,
which at this period, if he Were to stop, would
be very likely to burn his fingers. No, let the
proceeding go on; let this investigation be
had; and I will vote for every measure, I will
vote for every proposition that can insure a
thorough, speedy, stringent investigation of
this subject, and wherever guilt is established
and wrong proved, there let censure fall and
punishment await the guilty.
There is nothing to be concealed here, and
as friends of this Administration'—and now,
sir, pardon my greenness, for I am one of those
who believe that a political party is indispens-
able to the management of this country, one
of those who believe that the interests of the
Republican party and the interests of this
Government are one and inseparable. If I
did not believe that, I would leave the party
' and join some other whose interests were in
! harmony with the interests of the country.
In view, then, I say, of the interest which is
attached to this measure as a party measure,
for that is what everybody knows it means;
everybody knows it is a move in hostility to
General Grant; everybody knows it is- ex-
pected to destroy everything and everybody—
if it is to eome, I do not want to be gasping
in anxiety and wasting my strength over an
appropriation bill. I want to k-now at once !
the worst of my fate, and die with whatever
deeency I can. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I do not be- j
lieve I have been here long enough yet to !
conceal my ideas by the use of words, and so '
I am disposed to look upon this resolution
very much in the manner in which the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin told us the other day the
Constitution was to be construed, in the light
of surrounding circumstances.
Sir, I welcome this resolution. I welcome
it because it is another indication that we shall
have in this country true" and genuine civil
service reform. I weleome it as an evidence
that the people themselves are waking up to
their own delinquencies; and I welcome it
because it will give the opportunity to determ-
ine^ whether we are drifting, as- sr>me people
believe we are, in the line which some poet
has described for all nations to traYel: " First,
freedom, then glory ; when that fails, wealth,
vice, corruption ; barbarism at last."
Now, what are the surrounding circum-
stances? It is but a few months since the !
moral sense of the whole -country was shocked
by the revelation of a- system of robbery and
peculation carried on by the organization
which controlled the interest and the destinies
of the Democratic party in this country. The
country has not yet recovered from the shock
which that revelation produced. Men stood
aghast and said, " Is it possibie'that in the
very metropolis of the country, where is con-
gregated the largest portion of its wealth, to
which point gravitates the largest and the most
important portion of its intellect, self-govern-
ment is a failure, and that the men of property
who control commerce and tradestep back and
permit the Government to fall into the hands
of those who have no interest in its pros-
perity?"
So great was the shock that as we approach
the presidential campaign the heads of that
organization look around for means to divert
the public sentiment from that great iniquity
and ascertain whether a counterbalancing in-
iquity can be found. The people themselves
are aroused to the importance of taking charge
of their own interests; ant) while the people
are thus aroused, that organization are seeking
not simply for counter-charges, but for counter-
instruments through whom they may organize
some faint'opposition to the existing Admin-
istration. They are coquetting all over the
land, and I am sorry to say that where they
are coquetting they are not always met as
they ought to be, with the indignant response,
"Is thy servant a dog that he should do this
thing?" And, sir, because this public senti-
ment is aroused there are Senators in this
Chamber, not instruments of that organiza-
tion, of course, not seeking that purpose, but
laying hold of this public sentiment in fitvor
of public purity, public virtue, public integrity,
which we all ought to cherish, and every charge
that can be made against the Administration is
made. They are welcome to it, sir. If this
Administration is guilty of fraud or pecula-
tion, if it encourages it, its friends ought to
know it, So that they may condemn it and cure
it, or if it be incurable, abandon it. If it
is untrue, the people ought to know it, ao
that they may determine whether this counter-
organization, which is confessedly so corrupt
that its own friends have been compelled to
denounce it and abandon it, is worthy of their
support with any alliance that it can make
with any party or any fragment of a party.
In that view, sir, I welcome this resolution.
I understand that it charges that the agent of
the French Government has defrauded nis own
Government. I understand it goes further and
says that this circumstance reveals the sus-
picion that Government officials in our own
land are in complicity with that agent in de-
frauding his own Government. If they are,
off with their heads. I care not where it may
strike or whom it tpay strike at. There is no
amotrnt of partisan service, no amount of par-
tisan fidelity, no amount of party eminence
that any man can render or attain to in this
land that will compensate for the absence of
personal integrity.
If this resolution is to be urged at any time,
let it come now. The Senator trom Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] gays that by taking it up now we
postpone the business of the nation. I usually
agree with that Senator on practical questions,
and desire to get them disposed of; but in the
light, again, as I say, of surrounding circum-
stances, what is the business of the nation?
As already said, we are approaching a presi-
dential campaign ; the destinies of the country
for four years are to be confided to one party
or to another party, or to a third paity, per-
haps, and if so, no other business of this
nation can be more important than to exam-
ine and determine whether those who are now
practically before it for their suffrages are
worthy of them, whether they have that integ-
rity which is the basis of all governmental
success. In that point of view, whatever
might have been my inclination when this
resolution was introduced, however apparent
it is that it is to lead to a debate, if that debate
must come, let it come now; let us have the
committee; let us have the investigation, and
let the people have all the information that the
most untiring industry and all the motives that
may be concentrated in this investigation can
bring out of it. Let them have it, and as soon
as possible, without delay.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on postponing the further consideration of the
appropriation bill for the purpose of consider-
ing the resolution of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Mf. COLE called for the yeas and nays, and
theywere ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 40, nays 17; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Boreman, Cameron.
Carpenter, Casserly, Chandler, Clayton, Conkiing,
Oragin, ifenton, Ferry of Connecticut, terry of Mich-
igan, irelinghuysen, Goldthwnite, Hamilton of
fexaa, Hamlin, Hitchcock. Johnston, Kellogg.
Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norwood, Pat-
terson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Rice, Saulsbury,
SoUurz, Scott, Spencer, Stooktoo, Sumrier, Thurman,
£ru 111 bu 1), Vickers, West, and Wilson—40.
4,mos' Anthony. Cole, Edmunds,
Gilbert, Harlan, Hill, Kelly, Morrill of Maine,
wsborn, Kamsey. Xtobertson, Sawyer, Sherman,
Sprague, Stevenson, and Wright—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Bucking-
