3700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
ask the Senator from Indiana upon that point
presently—the power to elect a Representa
tive at large for each State.
Why, sir, it is a delusion to say that in a
State like Pennsylvania or New York a Rep-
resentative elected at large represents the peo-
ple in any proper sense. What do they know
about him? Out of three or four million
people in Pennsylvania and four or five mil-
■ lion in New York—to be increased before the
next apportionment to seven or eight millions
in one and as many in the other—how many
of them will ever see or know anything of
their Representative at large? How many of
them will have those direct personal relation
with him which ought to be the pride as it is
the vital element of representative institu-
tions? Without them, and the responsibility
they nourish, your representative institutions
are in continual danger. I see no great dis-
tinction in principle between electing a Rep-
resentative by a great State at large and fleet
ing the whole body of Representatives on a
general ticket by the whole Union, just as we
elect the President.
Mr. MOltTON. That formerly was done
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator says it
formerly was done. He certainly does not
understand what I say. I am speaking of
having the Representatives elected by a gen-
eral vote of the whole Union, as we elect the
President on principle. I say you might as
well do that as adopt this system of electing
Representatives at large, especially in the
great States. 1 would not so much discuss
this measure were 1 not deeply impressed by
the danger of it as a precedent. I ask the
Senator irom Indiana [Mr. Morton] if he will
be good enough to state whether, supposing
this bill should pass with his amendment,
there will be any more than the nine members
in the bill whose election at large will be left
to the option of the States for an indefinite
period V
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will be less than nine,
because in two instances, New Hampshire and
Vermont, this bill will leave their representa-
tion just as it is now with the districts all
fixed; so that the Senator is entirely mistaken
in supposing that we are going to make nine
Representatives at large. Only one State
has yet fixed its districts under the law of
February last.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask whether under the
act already passed and now in force there will
not be other Representatives elected at large?
My impression is there will be. Consequently
whatever number there may be, and'it may be
fifteen or twenty if this amendment shall suc-
ceed, who will be elected at large 
Mr. MORTON. I will state to the Senator
thai Illinois elected a Representative at large,
I believe, fur ten years, and I have heard no
complaint or no evil result from it. I think
the effect of electing a Representative at large
is to dignify the office. It is regarded as some-
thing more of an honor to be elected from a
State at Urge than from a single district; and
so far from exerting an injurious influence, I
thmk it would exert a good influence. The
idea that because a Repiesentative is elected
from the State at large he is to be in the hands
of jobbers, and become a corruptionist, would
apply equally to all State officers elected at
large, or to Senators, because they represent
the entire State and not particular districts.
It seems to me thete is no force in that. I
cannot see that there is anything in that argu-
ment, and 1 repeat what 1 said before, that
1 think, especially in large States like Illi-
nois, Indiana, or New York, it might be advis-
able, and I can coneeve of many good reasons
why there should be a Representative at large
in the other House.
Mr. CASSERLY. If Illinois got good men
as her Representatives at large, as the Sena-
tor from Indiana [Mr. Mortojt] intimates—
and I do not doubt it from the instances within
my own knowledge—it was in spile ot the sys-
tem, not by reason of it. I cannot allow the
argument of the Senator in regard to the supe-
rior dignity of a Representative elected at
large to go unchallenged. The Senator seems
to forget that his argument would favor a hered-
itary Senate. There is more dignity, perhaps,
according to his view of the case, in having a
man who owes no special responsibility to the
people. Why, sir, what we want in our rep-
resentative system is not dignity, but respons-
ibility, the responsibility of the Represent-
ative to the people. Let him be true to that
responsibility, and he has all the dignity the
American people desire in their Representa-
tives. If he is not responsible to them he
may not be faithful to them; that is human
nature, and without fidelity what becomes of
the dignity of which the Senator speaks?
Upon the idea of the Senator, the Chinese
empire is a State of more dignity than the Uni-
ted State:!.
Mr. MORTON. I appeal to the Senator to
let us have a vote before the morning hour
expires.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator will with-
draw his amendment, I think he can get a vote
without delay. The Senator's amendment has
given rise to all the debate, and now he de-
mands that we shall allow him to have a vote
before the morning hour expires. I am not
talking against the morning hour'; but here is
a most important proposition, and if there
is nobody else to discuss it and the obv.ous
objections to it, I propose to do it.
The Senator referred awhile ago to the
election of Representatives by the States on
general ticket. He said that was formerly
done. Does he not know that after full trial
of that system it was abandoned by the Ameri-
can people, and nobody now, unless the Sen-
ator from Indiana, suggests that we ought to
return to it. It gave rise to a great question
between the two parties of the country, the
Whig and Democratic. The Democratic party,
as I humbly conceive, was in the wrong in
contending for the State system. The Whig
party was in the light in contending for the
district system, and the sober second thought
of the American people without distinction of
party has sustained that view. It is settled to-
day that the true way to obtain responsibility,
fidelity, and the real dignity in your Repre-
sentatives is to bring them and their election
as close to the people as possible, in equal
districts of reasonable size.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I do not
waut to consume the morning hour; and if I
supposed this amendment would be adopted,
I would withhold an observation or two that I
want to make. Therefore, I will give way to
allow the amendment to be tried; but if it is
not to carry by a vote without a division, I
shall ask a division upon it, and then beg leave
to say a word in relation to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Indiana, to strike out the words " for
the Forty-Third Congress only."
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President, after the
census of I860, in the year 1862, Congress
passed an act in relation to the election of
Representatives to the other House, which
reads as follows:
" That in each State entitled in the next and any
succeeding Congress to more than one Represent-
ative, the number to which sueli State is or may be
hereafter entitled shall be elected by districts com-
posed ot contiguous territory, equal in number to
the number ot Representatives to which said State
may be entitled in the Congress tor winch said
election is held, no one district electing more than
one Representative : Provided, That the provisions
ot this act shall not apply to the State of California
so far as it may affect the election of Represent-
atives to the Thirty-Eighth Congress: And pro-
vided further, That in the election of Represent-
atives to the Thirty-Eighth Congress trom the State
of Illinois the additional Representative allowed
to said State by an act entitled 'An act fixing the
number of the House of Representatives from and
after the 3d day of March, 1863,' approved March 4,
186J, may be elected by the State at large, and the
otner thirteen Representatives to which the State
is entitled by the districts as now prescribed by law
in said State, unless the Legislature of said State
should otherwise provide before the time fixed by
law for the election of Representatives therein."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland will please suspend. The
morning hour has expired, and the bill (S.
No. 656) to extend the provisions of the fourth
section of the act approved April 20, 1871,
known as the Ku Klux act, is before the Sen-
ate as the unfinished business, upon wh:ch
the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Alcorn] is
entitled to the floor.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOUSB
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 837) to amend an act
entitled ''An act to regulate the diplomatic
and consular systems of the United States,"
approved August 18, 1856;
A bill (H. R. No. 2797) providing for the
payment to the Government of Japan, from the
indemnity fund, the sum due on account of
rents for lands and buildings occupied by the
diplomatic and consular representatives of the
United States to Japan, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. '2799) to provide lor the
appointment of a secretary of legation at the
Court ot Japan, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2850) authorizing the con-
struction of a public building at Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, for the use of the post office
and United States courts in said city ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2851) to provide for the
restoration of the records of the proceedings
of the court of inquiry concerning the oper-
ations of the army under the command of
General Don Cailos Buell in Kentucky and
Tennessee.
The message further announced that the
House bad agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 881) to
provide for the abatement or repayment ot
taxes on distilled spirits in bond destroyed by
casualty.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Porter, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had, on the 18th
instant, approved and signed the following acts:
An act (S. No. 446) to amend an act enti-
tled " An act to establish and protect national
cemeteries;" and
An act (S. No. 807) authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to pay certain certificates issued
for fortification purposes in Lawrence, Kansas.
The message also announced that the Pres-
ident on this day approved and signed the
following acts :
An act (S. No. 309) to prohibit the reten-
tion of soldiers' discharges by claim agents
and attorneys;
An act (S. No. 609) to reduce the limits of
the military reservation at Fort Stanton, New
Mexico; and
An act (S. No. 936) relinquishing certain
wharf property to the city of New Orleans.
CLAIMS Of NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Mr. PATTERSON. I have a little bill of
ten lines that I want to pass, it is Senate bill
No. 978. '
Mr. ALCORN. I will yield for a moment.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 978) for adjusting the
claims of the State of New Hampshiie. It is
a diiection to the proper officers of the Treas-
ury to adjust and pay the claims made by the
State of New Hampshire, or of the towns and
cities of that State, upon assignments taken
for bounty-money advanced to volunteers by
the towns and cities of the State, in accord-
ance with an agreement made with the Gov-
ernor of the State of New Hampshire by the
