1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2805
lines to provide that a certain thing shall be
done, and then in five lines of a proviso it
enacts that it shall not be done. I trust that
no such stultifying process will be gone through
as the adoption of a section the proviso of
which wiil nullify the rest.
Mr. WILSON. I will not say with the Sen-
ator from California that this provision is non-
sense, for it has been sustained by the Senate,
and I do not wish to make any reflections on
the body. I only say that I regret very much
the view the Senate has taken.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator allow
me?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. What I said was that it
makes nonsense of the section.
Mr. WILSON. I wish simply to say that I
very much regret that the Senate should keep
in this proviso, and E hope some member of
the majority will move a reconsideration and
give us the privilege of striking it out, so that
we may have a fair vote upon the question
whether we will equalize these payments.
The question of the repeal or of the wisdom
of the eight-hour law is not involved. I un-
derstand that in the naval appropriation bill
there is a provision for repealing that act.
That will bring the question up directly before
us when we reach that bill, and it will not be
necessary to discuss it here and now. I hope
some one will move to reconsider this yote.
Mr. COOPER. If the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will allow me, I move a reconsid-
eration.
Mr. WILSON. I am very much obliged to
the Senator for making the motion, and I hope
the Senate will reconsider its vote and strike
out, this proviso.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I trust that the Senate
will maintain its usual degree of consistency
and dignity and self-respect, and not be blown
about by every idle wind of doctrine. The
House of Representatives has passed a bill
and sent it to us to provide for doing justice
to a certain class of persons employed in the
Government service, with a qualification, and
that qualification is that as between Govern-
ment, employes the man who has worked
eight hours shall receive only four fifths as
much as the man who has worked ten. That
is the proviso. Some of the Government em-
ployes did work ten hours, many of them with
their eyes open, because they were informed,
as they were at the Springfield armory, that
here was the order and here was the law that
said the price of labor inside of the armory
should be the same as the price outjside, and
therefore the price of labor outside being two
dollars, if you please, or three dollars, for teu
hours' work making a day, the price in the
armory should conform to that; and if the
laborers chose to work only eight hours under
this law they should be paid only four fifths as
much. There was no concealment about it.
There was no fraud practiced upon any one.
Now, a part of the laborers say, "We will take
our eight hours' work and our eight hours'
pa}'." Others say, "We will work our ten
hours and take our ten hours' pay so that what-
ever we may earn and receive we shall be
standing upon an equal footing with the labor-
ers in similar establishments outside of the
Government works."
Mr. CORBET 1'. I should like to ask the
Senator from Vermont whether there was a
portion of these emploj'6s in the Government
arsenals who did work ten hours and receive
the ten hours' pay, while there were others
working eight hours and receiving eight hours'
pay?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is exactly what I
have jusl been stating, and I will repeat that
in the order published and promulgated in the
establishments where tbislaw was put in force,
and which order was read to the men and
posted up, it was stated that anybody who
chose to work more than eight hours should
receive more than eight hours' pay; in other
words, that they intended to comply with the
provision of the standing law that the pay
should be equal among similar artisans in pri-
vate employment and in public employment,
as it ought to be, so that there should not be
any jealousies or any inequalities, so that the
body of the people who are working at their
pursuits should not see a select and favored
elass of persons working inside Government
shops receiving aristocratic pay for short-time
work. That was the proposition.
Therefore, this proviso, even as it has come
from the House, is not nonsense. The sec-
tion undertakes to declare in the first place,
in the first clause, that any supposed inequal-
ity which may have arisen in the administra-
tion of this law shall be rectified, and then the
proviso goes on to declare it shall not be rec-
tified in such a way as to give to the Govern-
ment eraploy6 who worked only eight hours
the same price that had been given to the
Government employe who worked ten hours.
If that is not just, then I do not know what
justice is. Very likely I do not. That is the
standing of the question.
Then, to speak precisely to the topic, as I
always like to do, I hope that the motion of
my friend from Tennessee to reconsider this
vote by which we refused to strike out the
proviso will not be agreed to. If you are de-
termined to go back and to give everybody pay
for ten hours' work whether he worked ten
hours and earned it or not, and to give the
man who only worked eight hours what we
have already given to the man who worked
ten, then strike it all out. But if you do not
intend to strike it all out, and only mean to
provide for that case which I have before
explained, then leave the proviso in as it,
stands. So I hope this vote will not be recon-
sidered.
Mr. CORBETT, I wish to ask the Senator
from Vermont one more question : whether
there is any provision in this bill to pay the
persons that worked ten hours for extra work
for the two hours they worked over and above
those that worked eight hours ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is not. The eight-
hour people do not propose to pay the ten-
hour men for more than eight hours' work.
They want to take ten hours' pay for eight
hours' work, but they do not want to give
twelve hours' pay to the men who worked ten
hours.
Mr. CORBETT. It seems to me they ought
to be included.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That would be plain
enough, but the trouble is that you involve
yourself in inextricable difficulty in the way
the orders were executed when you say that
those who worked only eight hour's shall get
the same pay as those who worked ten, when
half worked eight and half ten.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator argues this
question as if it was a conflict between those
who worked eight hours and those who worked
ten hours, and he says the eight-hour people
do not propose to allow any extra compensa-
tion to those who worked ten hours. I con-
fess I cannot see the force of that kind of
logic. If those who worked only eight hours
are entitled to full pay under the law that
was passed by Congress providing for that
very thing, and according to the rule that was
adopted in all the navy-yards and arsenals,
except one or two where the superintendents
took a different view of it, and they get it,
will those who chose to work ten hours be any
worse off? It is no conflict between them.
It is another proposition as to whether there
miirbt not be some extra compensation paid j
to those who worked ten hours under the
operation of the rules adopted by the super-
intendents in those two or three places. But
because some worked ten hours and others
worked only eight, that is made an argument
why those who worked eight hours should not
receive full compensation under the law as it
was understood and intended by "
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; that is not the
argument.
Mr. MORTON. That is the effect of the
Senator's argument as I understand it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not at all.
Mr. MORTON. The simple question is
whether we shall carry out the law equally jn
regard to all parties. Confessedly, in nearly
all the Government workshops they received
full pay for eight hours' work. If there is any-
thing wrong about itthe fault is with Congress,
because we passed the law for that express
purpose, to try the experiment, to see whether
as much work would not be done in eight hours
under that system as formerly was done in ten
hours under the other. Now the simple pur-
pose is to equalize them all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator a
question ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask what the Senator
means by saying that confessedly in almost all
the Government workshops the men received
full ten hours' pay for eighthours' work? Does
he not know that in all the Army workshops
the order emanated from headquarters and
was applied equally and fairly in them all?
Mr. MORTON. I understand that the only
exceptions, certainly the only ones I have
heard of, to the full payment were at Rock
Island and at Springfield; but in the navy-
yards and other workshops the spirit of the
law was carried out, and the simple proposi-
tion now is that all shall be placed upon an
equality. As was said by the Senator from
Illinois a little while ago, I do not understand
how that can be resisted.
But the argument now why the men at
Springfield and Rock Island should not be
paid full price is that some chose to work the
full ten hours, just as if that was an argument
why the others should not be fully paid accord-
ing to the intent and purpose of the law. I
say it is no argument at all. If by haying
worked two hours more they are entitled to
extra compensation, that is another proposi-
tion entirely; and if we should pay those who
worked eight hours full wages, as the law in-
tended, those who worked ten hours are not
thereby injured. It is true they have only
gotten as much as the others would get in that
case; but that does not hurt them any. The
question is, whether we shall carry out this law
as it was intended.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, as I under-
stand it, the country is engaged in making an
experiment to see the operation of the eight-
hour law. I so understand it. I voted against
that law; but I am anxious that, the experi-
ment should be made. I think the working-
men of this country haye a right to see that
that experiment is made; and it is on that
account that I now insist for them, in their
name, in their behalf. I insist upon fairplay,
and that fair play requires that all shall be
put upon an equality. If you have given full
pay in one arsenal you must give the same in
all; otherwise you have not fair play.
Now, sir, it seems to me the question is
very simple. The Senate has taken too much
time upon it. It ought at once to have voted
to all these workmen equal compensation to
the end that this experiment shall be fully
carried out, and that the country may know at
last whether it is a proper rule to follow in the
future.
I am not at all disturbed by the statement
that side by side with our experiment of eight
hours' labor private establishments are work-
ing at ten hours. That has nothing to do- with
it. We are making an experiment, and we
are not to be interfered with by any private
establishment.
Mr. MORTON. That- very thing was con-
sidered and discussed when we passed the
law.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly. The Senator
is entirely right; it was considered and dis-
cussed and deliberately put aside. W« have
