1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sale of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Conkling.
SlNATB,
the testimony of Baton Von Gerolt, but ujon
his own testimony, that Prussia had the oppor-
tunity to buy arms, but that she was armed
and equipped, and did not want them.
Mr. SCHURZ rose.
Mr. CONKLING. Bat, sirj if the 8enator
tvill pardon me a moment, without calling
him as a witness, I can prove the fact other-
wise, inside this case, and outside of it by a
cloud of witnesses; and if the Senator is sen-
sitivfe about, being quoted in this regard 1 will
establish the fact Witlfbut his testimony.
Mr. SCHURZ. Not £tt all; On the con-,
trary, if the Senator had put the question to
me directly he tmight have had a very short
answer: " Yes, I belieVe so ; there is uo doubt
of it." I did not want to put, that remark into
the mouth of Baron Gerolt; that was all.
About the fact itself there cannot be the
remotest doubt in the world.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well. Then let
me apply the fact, as I was proceeding to do
when I was stopped by the Senator. The
fact, then, is that all Comers alike, whether
from the Black sea, the Baltic, orthfe Mediter-
ranean, whether in the eastern or the west-
ern hemisphere, had the opportunity in Open
market to buy ofd nance stores in American
markets. That is the fact. What, then,- be-
comes of t.he pretense that We violated neu-
trality? What becomes of the allegation that
France was favored? What becomes of the
assumption that the Franco-Prussian war mo-
nopolized the arms market, and that we were
bound to assume that all arms bought were
destined for the sihgle region occupied by that
war?
But the Senator has another complaint. It
is said that Richardson—and now I shall not
forget to answer the question put to me about
the mode of sale under the statute—" one
Thomas Richardson, the known attorney of
Messrs. Remington & Son," says the pream-
ble, bought arms, and the Government of the
United States is arraigued for selling to Rich-
ardson? Why?
Let me lust remaik that thatstatementin the
preamble is shown twice over to be ground-
less: first, becausc the allegation is that, the
papers referred to silow that Richardson "Was
the known attorney of Reihington & Sons, and
those papers upon inspection show no SUch
thing; second, the statement, is false in fact,
howover bolstered up, that Richardson was
"known" to the War Department as the
attorney of Remington ; and that is the mean-
ing of the preamble; that is the force of the
word ''known" as there used. Theallegation
is not that he was so known to his family, or to
Mr. Remington and to his family, or in the little
hamlet where the Senator says Richardson
lives; but the charge is that Richardson was
known to the War Department as the attor-
ney of Remington; and the honorable Sena-
tor from Missouri appears as the advocate and
champion of that allegation. How does he
attempt to prove it? By circumstances, nay, by
theory and conjecture—nothing more. He tells
us that the Government was bound to inquire
who Richardson was, and he tells us that
Richardson was "a litt.le lawyer;" "alittle
country lawyer," "a bellicose lawyer;" and
then, with inimitable facetiousness, he asked
the Senate, did Richardson want these guns
to bombard the heads of judges in place of
bombarding them with arguments? Did he
want them to "scare away geese," or ''fire at
blackbirds?" That is ineffably funny, it is
mirthful in a aide Splitting degree; but T ask
the honorable Senator, is it worthy a place in
such an argument?
No, sir, Richardson did not want these
guns to scare away geese. He Wanted them
to sell in the market at a profit, as he would
have sold so many barrels of flour or so many
42i> Cong. 2d Sess.—No, 5.
pounds of beef. He wanted them, as every
other dealer wants a commodity, to make
money upon them—that was his interest and
object; Wheresoever a man's treasure is,
there is his heart also.
Bat the honorable Senator says the War
Department should have known that he was a
little Country bellicose lawyer. Why so? It
turned out in the course of the Senator's argu-
ment that he knew enough of the mode of
transacting such business to understand that
men do not come with their bids upon iheir
lips, and present themselves face to face at
the Ordnance Bureau. Such business is done
by mail, or by broker, and on paper, not by
toofd of mouth or in person. Therefore the
Secretary of War had no opportunity to com-
pare this man with greater men, and see how
" little " he was, nor how liable to be spoken
ofby the Senator with such magmficentdisdain.
But the honorable Senator seems not to
know the mode of transacting business at the
War Department in the sale of stores. Does
he know that every bid must be accompanied
by twenty per cent, of the amount in cash ?
Does he know that a margin of twenty percent,
in money is put up at the time of the bid, and
that the balance must all be paid before the
stores are delivered, and paid within thirty days,
0(1 j>ena!ty of torfeiting the margin of twenty per
cent.? Does the honorable Senator know it
is a fash transaction—that the name of the
buyer is cash? If 1 might air a faded classic-
ality 1 would remind hiin that, the Roman
poet tells us there is no color in money, and
when the little bellicose lawyer sends his
twenty per cent, of legal tenders with his bid,
and follows it with his eighty per cent, of pay-
ment, his money is as good as if it were the
money of the distinguished Senator himself.
If the bid of Richardson came in the due
course of business, and free from badge of sus-
pieion( it would, of course, be treated like other
bids, and if it were the highest bid it would be
accepted. What can it be supposed there was
to suggest, French agency in one bid more than
in another, whether the bidder spelled his
name Richardson, or spelled it otherwise?
If the authorities suspected Richardson they
were bound to inquire. If they had reason to
know, or believe, or suspect him of being a
French agent, then there was something to put
them on inquiry. But this part of the case
breaks down for the want of a leg to stand on;
there was nothing to put the Department on
inquiry, and tile secretary says there was no
thought or suspicion that Richardson acted
for France in any way. Is it pretended that
Richardson's bid was in any respect peculiar,
suspicious, or noticeable? Not that we have
heard.
But the Senator wants me to observe the
requirements of the statute that notice shall
be given. Does he know that notice is given
in all these cases, and that, every man who buys
at private sale buys as a bidder upon a recorded
bid? If he does know it (and he nods assent)
I should like to understand the weight of his
question upon the statute. He reads to me
the statute to show that as he understands it
no'ice must be given. I ask him if he knows
that notice always was given, and he liods
assent. What is it that the Senator would of
me, then, in reference to the statute?
Mr. SCHURZ. My assent did not refer to
their always having given notice. I did not. de-
sire to express any such opinion. All I wanted
of the Senator was merely to have his opinion
whether the statute really meant that notice of
a sale should be given thirty days beforehand
in sotae public paper; and that is what he
understands it to mean.
Mr. CONKLING. No; I understand the
Seritor now to interpolate the words "in some
public paper." I had not heard that before.
Mr. SCHORZ. Public notice being given.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes,noticebeiifggf en—
nothing about newspapers, however. When we
talk about a statute^ it is well to talk about it
and not about something else ot something
it. does not say* I have heard nothing before
about public papers, and I confess u>y ignor-
ance of the usage ot the Departments as to the
particularmodeoritistrumentaHty of givingthe
notices to which they resort. If I had under-
stood that t.he insertion in a newspaper wa« the
topic of the Senator's inquiry, I Would have
pleaded ignorance at once.
Mr. SCHUKZ. Now I must confess that
the answer of the Senator is a little unintel-
ligible to me. Does be really interpret that
statute in such a manner that in the usual way
public notice is to be given of the sale of arms
or ordnance stores thirty days beforehand? I
ask that question in perfect good faith.
Mr. CONKLING. I have 110 doubt of it,
Mr. President; and I answer in like good
faith. The statute speaks of notice or of sale
alter notice of certain length of time, and I
understand all these sales have been in fact
upon and after such notice. If 1 am so dull
as not to apprehend the Senator's question I
beg his pardon; I mean to apprehend it, and
I mean to answer it.
I have said that there soems to have been
uo reason to inquire into Richardson or pry
into his circumstances or intentions. I want
now to prove by the Senator that the War
Department, did not in fact know or suspect
that Richardson was the agent of Remington,
or the agent of France* How shall 1 prove
it? By interviews held between the Senator
and the Secretary of War at the time. Here
is the Senator's own narrative of these inter-
views:
"The answer I received
That is, from the Secretary of War—
"in several of t.hcso interviews was that the Gov-
ernment had aright to sell arms to American citi-
zens; that he did not know that the ai ms wont into
tho hands of French agents, and did not see anv
reason to stop the sales."
If this statement is true, there is* an end of
Richardson upon the quesiion of his being
"known1' to the War Department as the
emissary of France or the agent of Reming-
ton ; and I can prove by the Senator fui tlier
that the statement is true, because he has
been kind enough to support the veracity of
the Secretary of War. He says:
" Understand me well. I am by no means willing
to cast any aspersion of that kind upon the Secre-
tary of War. I have always esteemed him an
honest man."
I think the Secretary of War, with the
indorsement of the Senator from Missouri, is
witness enough to establish the fact that the
War Department did not know or suspect that
Richardson was the agent of France <v the
agent of Remington. The Secretary ..ould
not be truthful if Richardson was kno'vn as
Remington's agent, beinuse Remington had
become known as the agent of Fiance. What,
then, is the truth of the whole matter? The
Government went on with its sales, beginning
long before the Franco Prussian war and con-
tinuing long alterwaid. And here 1 quote
from memory, not having Utely looked—Sen-
ators fresh fiom examination will correct me
iff am wrong—the statement of Vattel to this
eifect, that under circumstances like these it
is an unquestionable right ot every Govern-
ment to " continue its customary 11 a t] e. I
think I am not wrong in the phrase, and the
honorable Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
Frbunghuysen-,] who has, I think, recently
reviewed Vattei, will correct me if I am wrong.
The action of our Government, unchallenged
by Bismarck, unchallenged by Prussia, un-
challenged by the representative of Prussia,
js gainsaid now, as 1 have a right to say, and
