1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3701
Provost Marshal General of the United States,
acting under the direction and authority of the
Secretary of War, but no payment is to be made
in any case of desertion.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to have
some explanation of that. I thought all these
war claims had been paid ; that is, all that were
admitted to be correct.
Mr. PAT TERSON. I can state in a word
how the matter stands. The Senator will
remember that in 1863 the Government was
very much ill need of men and also in need of
money to pay the bounties in order to secure
the men. So the Governor of New Hamp-
shire entered into an arrangement with the
Secretary of War by which the State and eer-
taiu towns and municipalities agreed to advance
the bounty on condition that the Government
would pay back to the State and towns that
bounty on the assignment of the soldiers. The
result was that the State lost about three hun-
dred thousand dollars by the desertion of sol-
diers; $600,000 were paid back to the State
by the Government, and then they reached a
few cases amounting in all to bet ween thirty
and forty thousand dollars where the United
States paymaster had paid the bounty over to
the soldier, although the soldier had given his
assignment to the State, the soldier getting the
bounty twice, and the Comptroller refuses to pay
the State back what it advanced, on the ground
that there was no law justifying that arrange-
ment between the Governor and the Secretary
of War. The Comptroller says that we have
an equitable claim, and advises us to come to
Congress with this bill. That is all there is
to it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire if there was not
some attempt made to equalize all the claims
of the States some years ago in the House of
Representatives? My memory is that about
five or six years ago several of the States had
equitable claims, and there was a general bill
reported in the House with regard to the States
which had these equitable claims to refund to
them whatever they had advanced to the Gov-
ernment. If that is the case, I should like to
ask why this particular claim is now selected
out, why there is not a general bill applicable
to all the States alike? It seems to me if we
go into this matter we had better have a gen-
eral law.
Mr. PATTERSON. There is no law to
reach this case. I have myself seen the Secre-
tary and Comptroller about it. The Comp-
troller says it is an equitable claim and ought
to be paid, but there is no law justifying him
in paying the money. Both military commit-
tees, the committee in the House and in the
Senate, have reported this bill, X believe
unanimously.
Mr. CRAGUST. In answer to the Senator
from Delaware, I will say that there is no
other case like this. The State of New Hamp-
shire made a special arrangement with the
Secretary of War to raise these men. No other
State had such an arrangement. We in our
State advanced the bounty money when the
men were enlisted, taking their assignments,
and forwarding the names to the War Depart-
ment, and the money was to be paid back by
the paymasters as the men were paid in the
field. No other State made any such arrange-
ment. Hence this case is wholly exceptional.
Mr. MORTON. 1 was preseut in commit-
tee when this bill was examined, and the sub-
stance of it is just this: the State of New
Hampshire paid money which the Govern-
ment ought to have paid, and the Government
ought to pay it back. That is the whole case.
Mr. THURMAN. I am very much indis-
posed, as a general rule, to oppose a bill that
comes fiom a committee when it is on a sub-
ject that requires investigation, and the com-
mittee has investigated it, unless there is some
general principle involved in it that, requires
attention. But this does strike me as a singu-
lar thing. We all know how it was when the
Government resorted to the draft; when so
many soldiers were to be drawn from a partic-
ular ward or township, the people of that ward
or township immediately went to work and
raised money by means of which they could
procure enlistments. I know that the price
of a soldier rose in the city in which 1 live to
$900; $900 bounty was paid; it commenced
at about $400 and went up to $900, and that,
too, when the soldier was allowed to retain the
bounty which the Government paid.
Mr. PATTERSON. The Senator will re-
member, I suppose, that the towns, cities, and
the States in some instances paid a bounty
additional to the Government bounty. This was
the Government bounty.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly; we passed a
law in the Ohio Legislature authorizing town-
ships and wards to levy a tax.
Mr. PATTERSON. That does not cover
this case. It simply covers the Government
bounty which we advanced under the arrange-
ment with the Secretary of War.
Mr. THURMAN. Then it is a wholly differ-
ent case from what I supposed. How then, is
it possible, if that is the case, that the money
was not refunded ?
Mr. PATTERSON. Because the paymas-
ter paid to the soldier this bounty after he
had received it from the State. The soldier
received it twice, and now the Government
refuses to pay us.
Mr. THURMAN. How much does this
bill cover?
Mr. PATTERSON. A little over thirty
thousand dollars.
Mr. THURMAN. On that statement, I
have nothing to say.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not wish to oppose
a just claim or an equitable claim of New
Hampshire or any other State ; but it strikes
roe that, that claim is no more equitable than
a claim which might, be made by the State that
I represent. The Government offered a bounty
for soldiers to go into the war. The State
which I represent in part stepped forward and
out of her own funds met every diaft by fur-
nishing men with inouey to procure substitutes,
and we put in as many men into the war as
any State in the Union in proportion to our
population. We did not draw the funds from
the General Government; we furnished the
soldiers out of our own treasury by procuring
substitutes for our men who did not wish to go
into the war, and we did not make any draft on
the General Government for bounty for those
men who went in. If the State had not done
that,, they would have gone into the war and
taken from the General Government thebounly,
which they offered. If, therefore, we relieved
the Government from the payment of bounty,
we have just as much equitable claim as the
State of New Hampshire, which now comes
forward to ask indemnity for the money which
she advanced for the Government. I am not
opposed to any equitable claim of auy State,
but it seems to me we ought to have these
things fairly adjusted on all sides.
Mr. PATTERSON. Our State paid just
the same as Delaware paid. This is another
matter altogether—has nothing to do with that.
1 ask for a vote.
Mr. CRAGIN. I can explain this in a
moment. In 1863, the President, by proclama-
tion, called for three hundred thousand troops,
and they were promised $300 each by the
General Government. New Hampshire, in
order to facilitate raising her portion, proposed
that she would advance that $300 to the sol-
dier and receive it back as he was paid by the
Government. She received back almost the
whole. We advanced $900,000 and received
it all back except about thirty or forty thou-
sand dollars, where the bounty was by mistake
pi,id to the men in the field. That is all this
bill covers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think this bill needs a
little amendment. This is an absolute direc-
tion to the Secretary of the Treasury to adjust
and pay "the claims made by the State of
New Hampshire, or of the towns and cities
of the State upon assignments taken fur boun-
ty," &c., "in accordance with an agreement
made" with the Government, except in case
of desertion. That does not allow any dis-
cretion or judgment to the Secretary of the
Treasury at all. Any claim that New Hamp-
shire makes he is bound to pay. I suggest
that it ought to be "that any just claim made
by the State of New Hampshire," which
authorizes the Treasury Department to exer-
cise a judgment and discretion over the items
of the claim; and therefore 1 move to amend
by striking out the word " the " and insert
"any just," so as to read "to adjust and pay
any just claims made by the State of New
Hampshire," &c.
Mr. PATTERSON. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I should
like to ask the Senator from New Hampshire
whether this claim came from a cominitee?
Mr. PATTERSON. The bill is unani-
mously reported by the Senate Committee ou
Military Affairs, and also approved by the com-
mittee in the House.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment, was concui rt-d in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senate has passed
a bill, and the House made an amendment,
and 1 want to concur in that amendment. It
is only one sentence.
Mr. SCOTT. I am reminded that the Sen-
ator from Mississippi has the floor, by the
courtesy of the Senator from Delaware, who is
entitled to it, and as there are a number of
Senators who desire to speak to-day, I think
we had better proceed with the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware who was upon the floor last
night about midnight and yielded to the, Sen-
ator from Mississippi is now entitled to the
floor.
extension of ku klox act.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
656) to extend the provisions of the fourth
section of the act approved April 20, 1871.
Mr. ALCORN. Mr. President, I will not
take up the time of the Senate in apologizi1 g
for appearing before them this morning, but
will promise them that my reply to the Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Ames] shall be very brief
and to the point.
Dispatches were sent to the Congress of the
United States twelve months ago, as I staled
last night, by divers parties, representing vio-
lence in the State of Mississippi. It was not
until these statements had been made and ti>«
dispatches had been read here, that I, as Gov-
ernor of Mississippi, felt it to be toy du'y to
bring those statements within the facts o! ti,«
case. As Governor of the State of Missis-
sippi, 1 reported to Congress precisely what,
the facts were. That statement of mine w:ifj
brought in question on the floor of the Senate,
and it was stated by the Senator from Mii-si.--
sippi at that time that, instead of the number
of deaths by violence in Mississippi with>n the
time stated by me, in truth and in fac with n
the three months of that time the nam) < t of
deaths by violence reached so many n< six v-
three. This statement went unrebuked. 1 n e
in my place for the purpose of corree in;jr the
statement, and the Senator from Missis-ippi
last night reaffirmed the correctness of li s
statement. He reaffirmed it upon the state-
ment of a party in Mississippi, who st;<t'd
what the auditor's report showed. I have
given here that auditor's report, and show
the fact to be, from the report itself, that the
Senator from Mississippi charged to the vio-
lence of Mississippi the death of forty-five
people in the year 1870, which had no exist-
