1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would sug-
gest that there is no amendment pending upon
which debate is in order.
Mr. PETERS. I spoke upon striking out
some last words. The gentleman can speak
upon putting them back again. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I renew it for the purpose
of saying a few words. After the presidential
election of 1844, when presidential electors
all over the United States were elected at dif-
ferent times, all parties, by an almost unani-
mous vote, determined that thereafter the
election of presidential electors should be upon
one and the same day, the Tuesday after the
first Monday in November. A day was desig-
nated upon which but a single State I think at
that time held its election ; not more than one
or two States held their elections on that day.
But now nearly all of the States, at least three
fourths of them, have conformed in their State
elections to that day. Therefore, every two
years all the States will be obliged to assemble
at the polls on the very day which is fixed by
this amendment. There is no other day which
will accord so well as this day with the day
fixed in the States. The second Tuesday of
October is the day upon which four States
hold their elections. There is no other day
upon which more than one State holds its
election. Therefore, every year or two years
three fourths of all the States meet at the polls
on the day named in this amendment; four
States meet in October, and all of the other
States have each a day of its own.
Now, the sentiment of the country upholds
the statute which fixed, as the day for choos-
ing presidential electors, the day which is pro-
posed by this amendment. The general tend-
ency of all the States is to come to that day.
It makes no difference with us. We altered
our constitution so as to conform to that day.
It was the day upon which elections were held
in New York; it was not the day upon which
we held them in Massachusetts. We altered
our constitution to conform to it.
Now, every reason urged at that time is a
reason for having a uniform day for the elec-
tion of members of Congress. Whether it
should be that daj*in November or some day
in October does not alter the question. It
might be just as well to fix some day in Octo-
ber ; but the reason, I suppose, why my col-
league fixed the day in Novemberwas because
all the States at each alternate election of
members of Congress will be obliged to hold
an election on that day, and three fourths of
them will hold elections about the same time
in the intervening periods. So that if we fix
this day in November, it will disarrange the
time for the elections in only one quarter of
the States at every alternate election of mem-
bers of Congress. It seems to me that there
are so many reasons why we should have a
uniform day, that the States whose time of
election is thus disarranged will see the force
of the requirement, and will ultimately, in
their own time, conform their State elec-
tion to that day. I would go for any other
day just as quickly as for that day but for the
reason that all the States are required to hold
an election on that day once in every four
years, and three fourths of them in the inter-
vening periods of two years.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. As it is evident
that we shall not get through the bill this
evening, I move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Bup-
fintox reported that, according to order, the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly the special
order, being House bill No. 243, fortheappor-
tionment of Representatives to Congress among
the several States according to the ninth cen-
sus, and had come to no resolution thereon.
DELEGATES ON COMMITTEES.
Mr. RANDALL. I am. instructed by the
Committee on the Rules to report the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the following ho adopted aa an
additional standing rule of the House, namely:
Rule —. The Speaker shall appoint from among
the Delegates from the Territories an additional
member of the Committee on the territories; and
he shall also appoint the Delegate from the District
of Columbia an additional member of thd Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia. But the said Del-
egates in their respective committees shall have
the same privileges only as in the House.
Mr. Speaker, it may bo necessary that I
should briefly explain this proposition. The
Constitution provides that each House shall
make such qiles as may be necessary for the
government of its business. The rules of the
House provide that the Committee on the Ter-
ritories and the Committee for the District of
Columbia shall each consist of nine members.
It has been thought by the Committee on the
Rules that the business of these two commit-
tees will be greatly facilitated if these Dele-
gates can consistently with the Constitution
and the rules be admitted each to the appro-
priate committee for conference, and I may say
as advisory members. I can see no objection
to the proposition now reported. It has been
unanimously agreed to by the Committee on
the Rules, and I hope the House will confirm
the action of the committee.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I desire to under-
stand distinctly whether it is proposed to give
these Delegates any right to vote in committee.
Mr. RANDALL. On the contrary, the reso-
lution expressly provides that the rights ac-
quired by these Delegates in committee under
this proposed rule shall be only such as they
have in the House. Their rights in the House
are limited to discussion and the making of
motions.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will again read
the additional rule proposed by the committee.
The Clerk again read the resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. I will add that thisprop-
osition is acceptable to the Delegates from
the Territories, and also to the Delegate for
the District of Columbia.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. It seems to me, Mr.
Speaker, that this is dangerous ground we are
treading upon. Congress no doubt did a very
foolish thing when it provided in theact estab-
lishing a territorial government in this District
that the Delegate elected for the District should
be a member of a committee; for the Con-
stitution provides that "the House of Rep-
resentatives shall be composed of members
chosen every second year by the people of
the several States," and that "all legislative
powers herein granted shall be vested in a Con-
gress of the United States, which shall consist
of a Senate and House of Representatives."
Now every committee of this House has
vested in it to some extent legislative powers.
It takes the initiative, it originates bills.
Any Delegate from any Territory becomes in
the committee-room a committee-man, like
any other, unless his power is particularly
defined. He may report a bill to the House
as a member of a committee, and it becomes
the duty of the Speaker to recoguize him on
the floor as a member of that committee. If
he may report a bill, lie may ask for its passage.
The SPEAKER. He can do that under
the rules now.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. He can make a
speech. He can speak. He appears here as
an agent of the Territory, but in no sense as a
member of Congress. He is an agent for the
Territory, a corporation which Congress has
organized. He can make a speech, but he
cannot vote.
The SPEAKER. For the information of
the House the Chair will have the rule read
which defines the power of Delegates.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The right of a Delegate to submit a resolution
is recognized by the lifty-second and one hundred
and thirtieth rules, and it is ulso competent for
him to submit any motion which a member may
make, except the motion to reconsider, which is
dependent upon the right to vote."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is one of the
rules. That is a rule of the House, and not a
part of the Constitution, that I know of. There
is no power conferred by the Constitution on
this House to authorize a Delegate from a
corporate body, except he comes from aState,
to make motions on this floor. We may allow
him to be heard in argument, but the making '
of motions on this floor is equivalent to vot-
ing, and it is in fact voting. It is submitting
a question to a vote. If you make Delegates
members of committees, what are to be their
powers ? It is true your rule says that this
Delegate shall have the same powers as in the
House. Then he can only debate; but accord-
ing to the rule which has been read, he may
submit motions in the committee.
Mr. HOAR. Letmeaskthegentlemanfrom
Illinois whether in his judgment a motion is
anything more than a petition, by which any
citizen of the country can bring a matter be-
fore the House for its action?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is a good deal
m ore.
Mr. HOAR. How so?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No citizen of the
country can come into the House and make a
motion. A citizen of the country sends his
petition through a member of Congress. A
Delegate it is proposed shall do something more
than that. It is proposed he shall do some-
thing more than send a petition through a
member of Congress. It is proposed he shall
make the motion himself.
Mr. HOAR. It is the same thing in principle.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir. I desire
to be understood that I only make these re-
marks and criticisms because I think we are
treading upon dangerous ground here, and not
because I am opposed to allowing the Delegate
from the District of Columbia to appear before
that committee and be heard. I presume the
Committee on t'he Territories allows the Dele-
gates from the various Territories to appear
in the committee-room and be heard in infer-
ence to all matters pertaining to their respect-
ive Territories. The door of that committee-
room is not locked against tlie Delegates of
the Territories, nor will the door of the com-
mittee-room of the Committee for the District
of Columbia be locked against the Delegate
from this District.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let me make a sugges-
tion to the gentleman from Illinois for the
purpose of hearing him on the point. I ask
him whether, if the rule is adopted as proposed
by the Committee on Rules, and the Delegates
are admitted, they can be bound by any regu-
lation of the committee to keep the secrets of
that committee as are members of the com-
mittee and members of the House: that is,
whether they cannot reveal the secrets of the
committee, and whether under the circum-
stances the House would have the power to
punish them?
Mr. RANDALL. We are all presumed to
be honorable men, and we are to presume
likewise that the Delegates from the Territo-
ries are honorable men.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If my friend will allow
me, that presumption may includc some dis-
honorable men. It may be good as a general
rule.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let me ask the gentle-
man from Illinois whether, if anything of that
kind be done, the committee would not report
at once and the Delegate be censured or ex-
pelled?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman fronr
Tennessee has propounded a question in ref-
erence to what the House would do. 1 am
not a prophet, nor the son of a prophet: and
I have never been able to divine what this
House would do. [Laughter.]
Mr. BANKS. The rule reported by the
Committee on Rules does not change the rela
