1014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
stores during the year. His language is as
follows; I quote from page 11:
"During the fiscal year small-arms and ordnance
stores to the amount of 310,000,000 have been sold,
and the entire proceeds"—
That is the word—
"except a small sum retained to meet the expense
of preparing the other stores for sale, have passed
into the Treasury beyond the control of this Depart-
ment."
Now, sir, turn to the finance report of this
same year, and at the proper place, 011 page
277, the report of the Treasurer for this same
period of time 
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator mean
" for the same period of time?"
Mr. SUMNER. I mean precisely thesame
period of time. For the same period of time
we find the following item :
"On account of ordnance and ordnance stores,
$8,286,131"—
showing a difference of over one million
and seven hundred thousand dollars.
I am obliged to the Senator from New York
for the inquiry which he interposed as to
whether I meant for the same period of time.
I am aware that certain persons undertaking
to speak for the Secretary of War have already
asserted by way of explanation that these
reports are for two different periods of time.
To that I reply, the language of the report of
the Secretary of War is as follows :
"During the fiscal year small-arms and ordnance
stores to the amount of $10,000,000 have been sold."
The report of the Treasurer, to which I have
already referred, acknowledging the receipt
only of $8,286,131, begins with these words :
" The books of the office were closed June $0,1871,
after the entry of all moneys received and disbursed
on authorized warrants within the fiscal year."
In both cases it is "the fiscal year," which
has with us a definite signification, so that
whatever explanation may be given of this
discrepancy there is at least reason for
inquiry.
But supplementary to the annual report is
the recent letter of the Secretary of War,
dated January 24, 1872, in which he says :
"The Secretary of War has the honor to send
to the Houso of Representatives a communication
from the chief of ordnance respecting the sale of
arias and ordnance stores belonging to the United
States, at publio and private sales, since the close of
the rebellion, and also a list of all the principal
sales made by the ordnance department from July 1,
1866, to July 1,1871."
Now, sir, on examining that report of Jan-
uary 24, which is prefaced by the averment of
the Secretary that it enumerates all the sales,
it appears that the sales mentioned for the
fiscal year, that is, from July 1, 1870, to July
1, 1871, amount to $9,638,788. That is the
result of a careful examination of that docu-
ment, tallying to a certain extent, though not
completely, with the allegation in the annual
report of the War Department, but, as the
Senate will see, differing radically from the
item iu the Treasurer's report. But, sir, this
report which I hold in my hand, and which
was sent here to Counteract the inquiry already
foreseen, dated January 24, cannot stand the
test of inquiry. If you look at it, you wiil
find on its face—how shall I express it?—an
incompleteness, if not a slovenliness of prep-
aration. Here is this long list, containing the
amount of sales, but there is no addition,
there is no sum total at the end. Why was
that omitted? I hope before this debate is
over that there will be some explanation of
it. I have heard of an explanation from an
important quarter, and I await communication
of it by some other Senator. I have said that
this report, sent to the other Chamber as an
answer in advance to any possible inquiry, is
incomplete; I am almost ready to say pain-
fully incomplete.
I ask attention to the transactions at the
Ordnance office at one date. I take one date,
the 31st of October, 1870, and I turn to the
report of "the Associated Press as I find it in
the New York Times. I know not that the
reports of the Associated Press in the New
York Times are of higher authority than in
any other paper; but I take it that a report
from the Associated Press in that paper is as
high an authority as ean be adduced for that
date. I find in that paper, under the tele-
graphic head of "Washington, October 30:"
" Further Sale 0/ Arms.—The bids, under the ad-
vertisement of October 37, opened at the Ordnance
Bureau yesterday, areas follows: Oliver Lippincott,
of Chicago, $5 50 per set for one thousand sets horse
equipments; E. H. Pond, of New York, $10 05 each
for seven hundred Joslyn carbinesj Schuyler,
Hartley, & Graham, of New York, $12 25 for twenty-
five hundred Gallagher carbines; samo price for
twenty-five hundred Warner carbines ; $25 50 for
one thousand Spencer rifles with bayonets, with the
privilege of four hundred rounds of ammunition, at
eighteen dollars per thousand."
That was communicated by the Associated
Press under date of October 30, 1870, and
with the authority of the Associated Press
probably went over the whole country. 1
Mr. HARLAN. Perhaps the honorable j
Senator would like to know what the exact j
facts were in relation to that matter. ;
Mr. SUMNER. I would rather finish ray
statement. !
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to observe here j
that this was merely a bid that was rejected by !
the Department. I
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An- !
thoxy in the chair.) The Senator from Mas- j
sachusetts declines to yield. i
Mr. CONKLING. Would a question be j
disagreeable to the Senator from Massachu- I
setts ? i
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all. i
Mr. CONKLING. I beg, then, to inquire
whether he has taken any pains to learn
whether the transaction that he refers to there
was merely a rejected bid or a consummated
sale?
Mr. SUMNER. I have not had any com-
munication with the Department on the sub-
ject. The Senator says it was a bid, and that
was all. It may be so.
Mr. HARLAN. I saw the telegram myself
in the very language of this Associated Press
communication that the Senator has read—
merely a bid, and indorsed on the bid the date
of its reception, and "rejected."
Mr. SUMNER. "Rejected." Very well,
then j this is answered if it is so. The point
is that in the report of the Secretary it does
not appear.
Mr. CONKLING. It would not appear if
it was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I will come to that if the
Senator pleases. The twenty-five hundred Gal-
laghers and the twenty-five hundred Warners
are found at theabove-given date in this report;
the other items do not appear. The answer is
given by the Senator that they were rejected.
Very well: if that is so, that can be established,
and I shall have nothing further to say upon
it, I had supposed they were not rejected.
If, as Senators say, they were rejected, noth-
ing more need be said on that head. This
point is an incident only. So far as it is now
explained it is out of the case.
This brings me to another difference .more
important in character, showing a discrepancy
between the annual report of the Secretary of
War and the annual finance report. During
the fiscal year 1869-70 the sales of arms
reached the sum of $2,642,448. The report
of the United States Treasurer shows that only
$2,069,835 were received from the ordnance
department. Here again I say, as before, I
make uo allegation, I only call attention to
the difference, the discrepancy, in such precise
harmony with that already shown during the
period when we.were selling arms to France.
Mr. CONKLING. A discrepancy between
what?
Mr. SUMNER. Between the report of the
Secretary of War and the Secretary of the
Treasury as to the amounts received from the
sale of arms.
Mr, CONKLING. For the previous fiscal
year?
Mr. SUMNER. For the previous fiscal
year. Now, Mr. President, on these facts
please to bear in mind that I make no allega-
tion.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I understand the Senator
to state that there was a discrepancy in the
previous fiscal year between the two reports.
Will he state what the amount of it was?
Mr. SUMNER. I have already stated that
one report shows $2,642,448 and the other
shows $2,069,836. It is a discrepancy kindred
to that in the report of the present year. 1
wish an explanation. Senators about me,
perhaps, are prepared to give it. If so, I
shall listen with great attention and respect.
Nobody can question the importance of such a
discrepancy, and Che necessity of explaining it.
And now I submit that on the facts before
the Senate there is ground for the motion 1
have made, which is simply for inquiry by
a committee. The discrepancy in the two
reports of the present year, each purporting
to be for the fiscal year, using that precise
language, should be considered and explained.
If not explained, certainly suspicion must
continue.
Then comes the singular and larger discrep-
ancy between the sums paid by the French
Government and the sums received by the
United States Government. Evidently the
reports of the two Governments do not tally.
Remington made the purchase as agent of
France. He was bound lo account for all
moneys paid. We have a French official re-
port—it is here within reach—of June last
referring to the purchase of three hundred and
sixty eight thousand stand of arms.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly,
Mr. MORTON. The Senator speaks about
the discrepancy between the amount paid by
the French Government and the amount
received by ours, and says that Remington was
the agent of the French Government. I ask
the Senator now if he intends to be undex-stood
as making the statement that our Government
sold the arms to Remington knowing that he
was the agent of the French Government?
Does he intend to be understood as making
that statement?
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I make no
allegation. I have made no allegation to-day.
I have simply communicated doenments and
facts as they appear in evidence. It will bo
for the Senate to judge whether the Govern-
ment had reason to believe Remington thf
agent of France.
I say, sir, we have a French official report
of June last, referring to the purchase of thre*
hundred and sixty-eight thousand stand of
arms, which is the number the French Gov
ernment acknowledge to have received, and of
fifty-three thousand cartridges. The French
Government, according to that official renort,
paid Remington for these purchases $6,092,-
173. It is easy to identify every item in the
statement of the Ordnance Bureau, recently
communicated by the War Department to
Congress;. but the prices marked in that report,
vary from the sums disbursed by the French
Government through Remington. Instead of
$6,092,173, we find that the War Department
has only received $5,124,953. There is a large
difference, a large amount of money. This
is the result of a careful examination of this
recent report by a book-keeper.
Mr, IIARLAN. Will the honorable Sen-
ator have objection to state who made this
examination (
Mr. SUMNER. I say this last report has
been examined by a book-keeper.
Mr. HARLAN. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to give the exact figures, the discrepancy
between the sum paid to French agents and
the book-keeper ?
