1910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
English publication, upon which the gentle-
man dwelt with much satisfaction ; but it is
hardly fair to quote such things as an exam-
ple of the general condition of the industrial
classes of England. The very publication of
that book shows that the subject on which it
treats is exceptional and remarkable in that
country ; that it is considered such an abuse
as to be worthy of a public expose, and the
gentleman entirely forgot to add that as soon
as public attention was directed to this state
of atlairs the labor in the brick-yards of Eng-
land was placed under the humane provisions
of the factory acts, which now regulate most
of the industries of England where aggre-
gated labor is employed.
There was great distress once among the
linen-weavers of lower Silesia, a province of
Prussia. The people of that locality had for
generations made a living by the hand-loom,
rach family working by its own hearth-stone,
when the invention of improved machinery
and the introduction of factories on a large
scale suddenly unsettled the entire industry of
this people. They understood little else than
this one occupation, and the consequence was
an excessive supply of laborers for the new
style of factories ; wages went down, down,
and yet many were unemployed; suffering
became great, and having attracted public
attention, the Prussian Government had the
matter investigated. The statistics accom-
panying the official report of tba.t investigation,
with its table of wages and its story ot hard-
ship, were at once seized upon by the ultra pro-
tectionists of this country as an excellent pre-
text, for the cry of pauper labor in Europe.
Those statistics without their history, of course,
have adorned many a speech of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, and have served their pur-
pose with the protective-tariff press through-
out, the country.
'Ihere are low wages, yes, very low wages,
paid_ in certain occupations and in certain
districts of our own country. For instance,
it was given in testimony before the Commit-
tee ot \Vays and Means, not long since, that
with a protective tariff of almost one hun-
dred per cent, on rice, the laborers in the
rice fields of South Carolina get but fifty cents
a d„y, and a workman from a Petersburg to-
bacco factory told lis he could not earn uver
five dollars a week at piece work when work
was plenty^ Would it be fair to represent
this as an index: to the average rate ot wages
in this country'! No, Mi* Speaker, the aver-
age condition of the European laborer is bad
enough, and it is unworthy of any cause to
make it worse by degrading it in the eyes
of the world to serve a purpose; and as to
pauper labor, in the strict sense of the term,
there is no such thing in Europe. Every
laborer receives his wages, be they high or low.
But I want to call the attention of the House
to-day to certain statistics on American labor
as illustrative of the workings of our tariff in
its relation to labor, not the labor of one par-
ticular branch of industry, not the labor of a
suSering district, but the general condition of
factory labor in the State of Massachusetts. I
have been examining avery curious and inter-
esting volume Oil that subject lately, which I
have here in iny hand, a book not emanating
from the Free-Trade League, I assure thegen-
tleimm from Pennsylvania, but comiug as an
official document from the State printing office
of Massachusetts, a State not supposed to be
unfriendly to the tariff. The book bears the
title of '■ lleport of the Bureau of Statistics of
Labor," and was published in 1870. I trust
no one will think that I have selected this
work in any unfriendly spirit to the State of
•MaiSfiohuoetts. It came to me unsolicited,
and I use it as an element, a legitimate argu-
ment in this discussion ; beside, it is the only
work of its kind in the United States that I
know of, and presentsfactsdeservingtheatten-
tion of every legislator.
It must be borne in mind that this book
describes the condition of factory laborers in
protected industries after a long period of the
highest tariff which this or any other country
ever inflicted on a people—a tariff persistently
urged by its friends upon the ground of bene-
fiting and elevating American labor, while its
opponents have charged that the increased
prices thus forced out of the people simply
went in the shape of profits into the pockets
of the factory-owners.
Now, what does this report show? It is a
long one, and I can of course only reproduce
some of its most characteristic features. One
of the questions submitted by the bureau to the
operatives of Massachusetts was as follows :
"Did you ever know an instance of a workman
(other than an overseor) working at ordinary day
wages, or at piece-work pay, who acquired a com-
petence upon which he could live without work?
and, if yes, in how many years did he acquire such
competence V'
In this connection the report has the follow-
ing :
" Return!*.*,.—This question has been answered by all
except five, and almost invariably m the negative.
A larse number declare that it is impossible. A few
have cited instances of men who have accumulated
what they deem a competence, which we here give.'
Then follow the exceptional cases.
Among the extracts from replies given I
find the following:
"A woolen-spinner says: 'I never knew such a
person. I know a man, however, ivho has acquired
$1,200, but has done it by thrift and injustice to his
own stomach. It has taken him twelve vears to
accumulate that sum, and he has denied himself and
family many things which I consider the necessaries
• ,!iUe'1 as sugar. butter, butcher's meat, eggs,
Jce. 1 don't call that living. Thereare some people
can live on what others would starve. I believe in
doingjustiee to the stomach ; it is of the utmost im-
portance—clothing being only of secondary import-
ance. rherc are men working tor this company, in
the finishing department, who get but a few cents
oyer a dollar per day. How they manage to get
along I cannot imagine. There are many women
working in the card-room for sixty-five cents a
day.'
'A dress-tender says: 'I never knew a man who
acquired a competence by working m the mills.'
'A boot-maker says: 'I do not think there is
such a case on record. I would go a great vay to
see such a man and get a full account of how he
did it.
"A harness-tyer in a factory intimates that he has
known a few who have acquired a competence; but
adds it requires almost a life-time.'
" Another factory operative answers this question
mthe negative, but says: 'A few around me have,
by steady perseverance, made themselves a home
worth from one to six thousand dollars: but it is
due mostly to the rise of leal estate, this being a
young and growing city.'"
In order to hear both sides, and to be en-
tirely fair, a similar question was put to the
employers, as follows :
"Have you ever known instances wherein an
ordinary opeiative earned a competence, or was
enabled to retire at fifty years of age, on moneys
earned as a wage-laborer? If yes, what percent-
age would the number of employes so earning be
ot the whole number of your employes?"
The report says that of twelve hundred and
forty-eight blanks sent to employers, only two
hundred and nine were answered; and to these
questions seventy-seven employers answer,
"No;" thirty-six answer "Yes;" of whom
fourteen add, " A very small percentage."
One of them states that two per cent, of his
employes, with the aid of their children, have
earned such a competence.
Another one says:
"Yes, but rare I"
A boot manufacturer says:
"Yes, but starved their souls."
A rope manufacturer says :
^o, they cannot live a month when not at work
without incurring debt."
Another manufacturer says:
"I have known operatives who have done well at
a®es aM-.sa?ed a g00<i deal of money, but
the retiring at fiity I am not aware of."
A woolen manufacturer answers:
"Notin this mill!"
There are some answers in .tke affirmative,
but after summing up the whole evidence the
report says :
44 The answers to these questions and the oxtracts
show better than any theorizing the actual condition
of the wage-laborer, tho results of the system of
"wages, and that the instances of even small com-
petencies are the very rare exceptions to a general
rule."
The following pertinent question was also
submitted to the operatives :
144 Have your present earnings and present cost of
living each increased in thesame proportion to what
they were before the late war, or has the cost of
living increased in a greater ratio ?"
The report says:
"The answers to this question, without excep-
tions, agree with the statement of Commissioner
"Wells, that wages have not increased in the ratio of
the increased cost of living."
The following two significant questions sub-
mitted to the operatives serve "to throw still
further light on the subject:
44 What proportion of the working people, so far
as you know, are in debt? What, 111 your knowledge
or judgment, were the causes ol such debts ?"
The report says:
44 These questions were quite fully answered, and
they indicate that a very large percentage of wage-
laborers are in debt. The causes generally assigned
are insufficient remuneration, and the habits that
spring out of such insufficiency, habits tending to
waste and not to thrift."
^ Among the verbatim answers to these ques-
tions I find the following. A nail-maker says:
"About three fourths of the working people of
my acquaintance are in debt; caused by high cost
of living and lovr wages."
A boot-crimper says:
"The working people are in the hands of their
employers by way of mortgages, &c., caused by not
having pay enough for labor. I have known tem-
perate men in actual distress, owing to large fami-
lies, to such an extent as to require aid irom the
societies to which they belonged."
A female weaver says :
Many of the operatives here are in debt, caused
by sma.ll pay. X have known instances where indus-
trious workmen have been in actual distress on
account of sickness; not bein^ able to lay by any-
thing Irom their srcali wages while in good health
-here have oeen subscriptions taken up through the
mill, and tiave to be very often resorted to.
"A currier states that one half, if not more, of the
workmen of his acquaintance are in debt, caused by
insufficient remuneration for their labor ; has known
casesol actual distress among temperate, industrious
working people, to the exteut which required assist-
ance from friends—-caused by sickness and over-
exertion."
A dresser-tender says:
"I know it is very hard to keep out of debt In
my. judgment, the causes of debts nre high cost of
living and low price of labor in proportion."
Now, I ask you to turn from this picture of
want and penury, this hopeless condition of a
life doomed to a perpetual struggle to make
both ends meet, to another page m this book,
I mean that part of the book which is devoted
to the profits of employers. Of course, these
matters were hard to get at. The greater
profits people make, the less willingness to
disclose them. The report says that with but
tew exceptions this question remained un-
answered. But enough was ascertained to give
a pretty good insight into this side of the mat-
ter, as will appear from the following table to
which the bureau calls attention, and which
shows the annual average dividends of the
mills named between the years 18G2 and 18U'J
with their capital, and the highest market value
of their stock during that time :
it.?MS!!pee Dividends, 26j nor com •
$120,000; value of stock, $i25 on VSr ofllfe '
Merrimacmills—Dividend1? l^1- r>n• . 1
®.5™,000; value ot stock, $1,7W on par of 000
Middlesex mills—Dividends r "nn™, . . ,
$750,000; value of stock, SiOO o'apar of<X01) ' cap •
whLere°VePprofitesSlof^tari^avfgone T
Look upon these two pictures, and tell me
whether the loud professions of friendship for
the laboring classes by these protective-tariff
