1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2807
such contracts as in his judgment seem best
to him. You have just as good a right to de-
clare that no man shall receive more than fifty
cents a day, and that he shall work for it, as
you have to declare that he shall not work
more than eight hours. You have no more
right to declare that he shall not work more
than eight hours than you have to declare that
he shall not live in a house with glass windows
but shall use oiled paper. The moment the
Government steps into the liberty of the labor-
ing classes of this country, in any respect, and
undertakes to make an arbitrary rule as to what
they shall or shall not do, that moment the
Government interferes with the most sacred, in
my opinion, of human rights.
But, Mr. President, the Government has not
undertaken to do that. It has only under-
taken to say that, in the absence of any special
arrangement or contract, eight hours shall be
considered a Government day; and in the
same breath it has said that the compensation
which it will pay to its employes shall be meas-
ured by the compensation that is paid by pri-
vate persons in private establishments. It
says both. Now, then, if the Senate choose
to go back and cover the time when this law
was administered according to its legal effect
and say, u We will give to those who worked
for the Government eight hours the same sum
of money that we gave to those who worked
for it ten hours, when there was entire free-
dom in both of them, and they took their
choice," very well; only do not do it under
the pretense of undertaking to promote justice
and to produce equality; do it under the pre-
tense that the people's money is your money,
and that you have a right to give it to whom
you please.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought the Senators
said there was no objection to that; that is, to
extend the provision as to the oil-tenders, &c.,
to all places.
Mr. WILSON. There is no objection to
that.
'Mr. SUMNER. Let that be adopted, and
then vote down the whole amendment.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is upon concurring in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole,
striking out the second section of the bill and
inserting the amendment, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. That it may be perfectly
plain what we are to vote upon, I ask the
Secretary to read the amendment.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment, as
amended, is to strike out the following words
in the House bill:
Sec. 2. That the proper accounting officers be. and
hereby are, authorized and required, in the settle-
ment of ail accounts for the services of laborers,
workmen, and mechanics employed by or on behalf
of the Government of the United States, between
the 25th of June, 1868, the date of the act consti-
tuting eight hours a day's work for all such la-
borers, workmen, and mechanics, and the 19th of
May, 1869, the date of the proclamation of the Presi-
dent concerning such pay, to settle and pay for the
same, without reduction on account of reduction of
hours of labor by said act, when it shall be made to
appear that such was the sole cause of the reduction
of wages; and a sufficient sum for said purpose is
hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury nototherwise appropriated.
And in lieu of those words to insert:
That there shall be paid to the policemen, oilers,
and shop-tenders*who were employed at the Spring-
field armory in Massachusetts, or at any other arm-
ory or Government establishment under similar
circumstances, on and after the 30th of July, 1868,
the sums respectively bv which their wages were
reduced by order of the War Department under the
eighfc-hour law, so called.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 25, as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell, Chandler, Cole, Edmunds, Ferry of
Michigan, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Morrill of Maine,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Robertson, Sherman, Stevenson,
Stewart, Vickers, Windom, and Wright—24.
NaYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Boreman, Oasserly,
Conkling, Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Hamlin,
Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Morton,
Pratt,Ransom.Rice, Sawyer, Schurz, Spencer, Stock-
ton, Sumner, Trumbull, West and Wilson—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Carpen-
ter, Clayton, Corbett, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky,
Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Freling-
huysen, Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont,
Norwood, Nye, Patterson, Pool. Ramsey, Saulsbury,
Scott, Sprague, Thurman, and Tipton—25.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
reserved amendment will be read.
Mr. WEST. How does the second section
stand? Does the second section stand as
passed by the House?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The section
stands now as it was passed by the House
except that the proviso is stricken out.
Mr. ALCORN. I wish to move an amend-
ment to the section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are
still two reserved amendments reported by the
Committee of the Whole. After they are dis-
posed of, additional amendments will be in
order.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
reserved is on page 27. The Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, struck out, on page
27, commencing in line six hundred and fifty-
one, the following proviso:
Provided, That in the adjustment of the accounts
of F. W. Clemons, late disbursing agent of the Cap-
itol extension, the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury are hereby authorized and directed to allow him
the sum of $800, to be paid from the appropriations
heretofore made for expenses of the ninth census,
as compensation for increased responsibility and
labor in disbursing said appropriations from October
1.1870, to September 30,1871.
Mr. FENTON. The reason why this amend
ment should not be concurred in, and why the
language which has been read by the Secre-
tary retained in the bill, is stated completely
in a letter of the Secretary of the Interior,
under date of January 11, 1872, which I have
in my hand. If Senators are in doubt as to
the propriety of non-concurring in this amend-
ment of the Committee of the Whole, I will
ask to have the letter read. Either this clause
should remain in the bill, or the previous clause
should be stricken out also.
The Chief Clerk read Executive Document
No. 32, House of Representatives, Forty-
Second Congress, second session, as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. C., January 4,1872.
Sir : On the 1st day of October, 1870, Mr. F. W.
Clemons, then disbursing agent of the appropria-
tions for the Capitol extension, at an annual salary
of $2,000, was appointed by my immediate predeces-
sor to be disbursing agent of the appropriations
made for the ninth census, at an additional salary
of $800 per annum, to be paid out of said appropria-
tion, making his entire annual compensation $2,800.
He continued to discharge these duties until October
1.1871, when he resigned. For the purpose of facili-
tating the disbursements of this Department, I
deemed it expedient at that time to consolidate them
all under one headTand following the precedent
made by Mr. Secretary Cox in the case of Mr. Clem-
ons, appointed Dr. Richard Joseph (then disbursing
agent of this Department, at an annual salary of
$2,000) to be disbursing agent of the census appro-
priations and of those made for the Capitol exten-
sion. In consideration of the great increase of
responsibility (an additional bond for $>40,000 "was
required andfurnished)hewas allowed an additional
salary of ^1,000 per annum, payable out of the ap-
propriations tor the Capitol extension, making his
total annual compensation $3,000. This arrange-
ment effected an annual saving to the Government
of $1,8U0 per annum, as prior thereto the combined
salaries of Mr. Clemons and of Mr. Joseph amounted
to SI,800 per annum.
In the final settlement of the accounts of Mr.
Clemons, the Second Coniptrulier hassuspended the
additional salary of $800 per annum allowed to Mr.
Clemons, pursuant to the third section of an act of
Congress approved March 3, 1839, (United States
Statutes, volume five, page 349,) and has notified Mr.
Joseph that the extra compensation of $1,000per
annum will not be allowed in his case.
X deem the services of the presentdisbursmg clerk
of this Department to be fully equivalent and enti-
tled to an annual compensation of $3,000, and I have
the honor, therefore, to recommend to the favorable
consideration of Congress the propriety of so modify-
ing the law governing the case as to require the
disbursing clerk of this Department to disburse the
appropriations made for the Capitol extension at an
annual salary of $1,000, payable from said appropria-
tions, to date from October 1, 1871, and also that
the sum of $800 be allowed out of the appropriations
for the ninth census as extra compensation to Mr.
F. W. demons during the year ending October 1,
1871.
It will be seen that I do not ask for an additional
appropriation in the case of Mr. Joseph, but simply
such legislation as will fairly compensate a public
officer whose duties and responsibilities have been
increased twofold, thereby effecting a reduction in
the expenses of this Department of $1,800 per annum.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
C. DELANO, Secretary.
Hon. James Gr. Blaine,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. FENTON. I trust there will be no
objection to retaining this clause by non-con-
curring in the amendment.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senate will concur.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
'reserved amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The next reserved
amendment is the one proposed by Mr. Mor-
rill, of Vermont, as to the Court of Claims,
as amended in the Senate.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BOREMAN. I think it would be well
to have it read.
Mr. COLE. Everybody understands it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was debated three
days.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator does not insist upon its being read, the
yeas and nays will be called.
Mr. BOREMAN. I ask that the amend-
ment be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
add as an additional section the following:
Sec. —That the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims
under the act approved March 12,1863, entitled "An
act to provide for the collection of abandoned prop-
erty and for the prevention of frauds m the insur-
rectionary districts within the United States," and
any act amendatory thereof or in relation thereto,
shall extend only to cases duly commenced in said
court within two years after the suppression of the
rebellion in which it shall be established as a fact by
proof satisfactory to said court that the owner of such
property has never in fact given any aid or com-
fort to said rebellion. And no judgmeat of said
court in any case under said acts shall be paid, un-
less such finding shall be stated as a proven fact in
the judgment of said court: Provided, That the
provisions of this section shall not apply to or em-
brace judgments heretofore rendered by the Court
of Claims, in which it has been found a proven fact
that the claimant has not given aid or comfort to the
rebellion : And provided, That proof of loyalty to
the United States or of not giving aid and comfort to
the rebellion shall not be required of any party to
a suit cognizable by the Couit of Claims founded on
contract with the United States entered into since
the suppression of the rebellion: And providedfur-
ther. That on any judgment heretofore rendered in
favor of claimants in which the question of loyalty
was not passed on, the court, on application of the
claimant, may hear, determine, and certify as to the
question of loyalty as shown bv the evidence on the
record.
Mr. ALCORN. I had intended to move to
strike out the proviso which was offered by the
Senator from New Jersey, but T suppose we
may just as well vote on the whole amend-
ment.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. PRATT. On the question of concur-
ring in this amendment, I am paired with the
Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Pool.] If
he were here he would vote " nay," and I
should vote " yea."
Mr. GONKLING, (when his name was
called.) I am for this amendment. The Sena-
tor from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] was against it;
and I infer that the pair I made with him
covers this vote. Therefore I do not vote.
The result was announced—yeas 23, nays 26,
as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell. Chandler, Clayton, Edmunds,
Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert, Hamlin, ilitchcock,
Morrill of Maine. Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Poineroy, Ramsey, Scott, Sherman,Sumner, Wilson,
Windom, and Wright—-23.
