18f2:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOM
sim
He says that I took from the State treas-
ury $50,000 of & secret service fund, and
that i have not accounted for that fund.
With regard to matters of fact that.arfe ii'ot
subjects of record any misstatement he mi'ght
make would be entitled to thfe charity that i&
usual in such cases; but Men the S'ehStBr
goes on t,o make d statement in the face of the
record which is iiot true, he stands char^ekble
here with a looseness of statement .that fe in-
excusable in a m£th who rises here to speak in
the presence of the nation.
The Legislature of the State\,of Missis-
sippi placed at my disposal |50,0(H) for the
purpose of texecutiriS the criminal Mws of
the State". Out of that frifid ill rewards were
paid for the apprehension of offenders; money
was paid for the purpose of employing coun-
sel to prosecute all offenses, and I made^ a
report to the Legislature of the State o"f Stis-
sissippi with regard to that fund, Accounting
for it. Although under the terms of the act I
was hot Required to account for a dollar of
the fund, I rfiacte si report to the Legislature
with regard to thfe disposition of tliat fund.
My report wds commended to the Legislature
by the Governor of the State in presence of
the law which relieved me from any report
at all if I had seen proper. I may state Eer^
to-day that no charge re&ts at my doOr for
having done wrong in that matter.
But the Senator last night Said that the gov-
ernment of the State of Mississippi riiider,my
administration was corrupt. He charges that
Legislature which elected him with corrup-
tion. How corrupt? Do the facts bear him
out in making so grave a charge against the
Legislature that elected him, to the plac.e that
he now .holds ? ^hy, sir, the senate of the
State ot Mississippi confirmed _ every sjngle
appointment that I made. He speaks of apj
pomtments of the Deinocrats. , If I appointed
any, nine out of ten of, those, .appointments
were made on the recommendation of Repub-
licans. In some of the counties men of intel-
ligence in our party who could execute bonds
could not be found ; and the tempeiate men,
the moderate men, the men who were not
politicians, men who sympathized with us,
southern men, were appointed, bat in no
seuse .was there any man who was known to
be a Democrat. So far as I know hot one
single democratic appointment was made in
the State of .Mississippi. It, is true that somj
men who were appointed by me, af,erward
went over to support the Democrats or Con-
servatives, and they supported the Democrats
on account of the repression which the speeches
and the presence of the Senator from Missis-
sipni brought about. , , '
For example, in the , county of Marshall,
when they came there to make their nomin-
ations for representative, they nominated men
under the influence of a clique, and they took
upon the ticket some of those who were vio-
lently opposed to Alcorn-. They selected there
a mau by the name of Jones upon the ticket,
who boasted that he had done everything when
in the Legislature to oppose me that he could
do. Jones was charged—and I state this to
show the reason'^ 'Brhy he perhaps stood in
opposition to me—he Was charged to his face
while he was a candidate for the Legislature
with having accepted a bribe of $50j) in the
Legislature to vote for a particular bill. He
confessed in' his anSwef-, and avoided ^the
charge; lie confessed the fact that h*e_ got $500,
but he pleaded inextenuaiioii that it was not
as a bribe, butlhdt hte was a party interested in
the bill, having kp'etrt iri tlie contract, and that
after the law passed he sold, out his interest in
the contract for $500. • The Senator from
Mississippi saw proper ^through h'[s friends to
• urge that this man siio'iild be nominate,d, when
good men could have been had in Marshall
county to have horne our standard. Triey
succeeded through the exercise' OT the caucus
in halving the man placed on the ticket; the
southern Republicans refused to vote for him,
and the result was that we loSt that county by
a majority of two hundred votes, when the
year before we had carried it by a majority of
five hundred Votes.. The loss was attributable
to the character of the than who was upon the
ticket; whifch was such that honest men would
not vote for him; and I assert that the Repub-
licBh psirt^ will not be able to hold up its
standard in Mississippi or aitywhere else when
it takes Mei} to be its statidard-bearers who
ate openly fehirged arid proved to be corrupt;
arid as long as it selects such men as these to
bear, its .standard it ought iiot to succeed.
They had some good men on the ticket in
Marshall county, and two very good men on
the ticket in Marshall county have obtained
theit seats by contesting the election. Whether
they were justified in the contest oi not I do
not know; I am only here to speak of the fact
that there were two of them very good men;
and they polled many more votes than Jones,
who fras the dead-weight tipon the ticket.
Bi.it the gentleriian said last night that I was
expert a political rider—that 1 attempted to
ride both horses. Yes, Mir. President, that is
true. 1 do attempt to ride both horses in Mis-
sissippi to-day. .We have a black horse and a
white one hitched together in accord in Missis-
sippi to-day; an<}, .lie who attempts to ride one
of these horses will find himself &fter a while, it
the interests of Mississippi are protected, pros-
trate, thrown to the ground,.unhorsed. What
I wish to" do is, when these horses are hitched
together, that they should be driven or led or
reasoned, as the case may be, to go forward in
the direction of repose, without favoritism or
partiality to either, cultivating a good feeling
between the two, and showing that justice m
going forward which is necessary to produce
the conviction upon the rriitid of the one and
the other that the Government is id the exer-
ciSe of fell justice to both.
The Senator attempt^ to ride the black horse.
He excludes the while one altogether from his
calculation. When he attempts to ride that
black horse into power he wijl find hereafter
that there are at least a hundred black_ men
in Mississippi who will be ahead of him in the
riding, provided the race turns upon color.
There are a hundred colored men in Missis-
sippi to-day- who can obtain the vote ot the
colored men in that State to his exclusion.
I wish no such election upon my part. Iao
not wish to be elected by the_ white people
alone, or to be the representative of the col-
ored people alone. 1 wish to represent the
hirmo'iiy of interests, the peace, the prosper-
ity, the fraternal good feeling of both races in
Mississippi, and to.be regarded here as the
representative of both races, and a friend to
the State of Mississippi.
I spoke with regard to the appointments in
north Mississippi. The Senator last night
stated the fact that he was not responsible for
the appointment of Btnerv. I had been in-
formed that fie was, but I am informed this
morning by a Representative froni the House
tliat I was mistaken thus far, and thus far only.
The answer of liie Senator to ra^ statement
was therefore disingenuous. The Represent-
a'tives from the State of Mississippi joined
together and petitioned for the removal of
Emery for cause, and their petition was op-
posed by the Senator from Mississippi. That,
f aim told, is a fact by one of the Representa-
tives in the Congress of the United States
from the State of Mississippi. They went so
far as to enter a protest, which was signed by
them, against the appointment of Wells' to the
office of district attorney. The Senatorurged
his appointment. Emery was a defaulter. I
will not do injustice to Mr. Weils. 1 stated
last, night that I knew nothing personally in
regard to him except that when appointed he
was without experience as a lawyer, and that
it was a vety rash conclusion to suppose
he would be able to convict the Ku Klux,
being a stranger sent there from Washington
city, among a people intelligent as were the
people of Mississippi, backed up as they were
by a bar second to none in this nation.
The Senator went oh to.s.ay that I had em-
ployed counsel, but that counsel gave a very
cold support to Wglls iri his effort to prosecute
the Ku KluX; that they pocketed the money,
but rendered no service. That was the meaning
of what he said. Now, I will State the fact
that I employed four lawyers to assist W^llsin
prosecuting those cases. First I employed
Messrs. Manning and Walter, two lawyers of
distinction, both of them Democrats. After
I had employed them, so much was Mr. Wells
pleased with their services that he stated to
me that he had a hope that the Government of
the United States would pay them for their
service. They were so w^ll Assured of the
fact that they would be paid by the Govern-
ment that, they said to me they would not look
to the State of Mississippi for ariy compensa-
tion; that they would go forward and prose-
cute the cases and look to the Government for
their pay. I then employed two other lawyers,
thus making up the four.
It is a fact that Messrs. Manning arid Walter,
whose services were valuable, and who gave
that aid and that assistance #nd that counsel
which produced the report the Senator from
Indians* referred to, are at thisi day without
one single dollar of compensation for the ser-
vice they rendered. They rendered valuable
service. They worked for the Goveriiihent of
the United States. They took charge of the
cases. They prosecuted the Ku Klux. They
were there for a week or two iri prosecuting
the Ku Iylux, and to-day thej- are without a
single dollar of pay for the service they ren-
dered. TKey received the comforting statement
from the Senator from Mississippi that they
gave a cold support to the district attorney, and
he makes th'e insinuation thaf ihey wefe in
truth in sympathy with those whom they were
pretending to prosecute. If the Senator from
Mississippi was a citizen of Mississippi, if he
lived in Mississippi, if he knew the feeling of
Mississippi with regard to thesfe gentlemen,
and the high position the£ hold as lawyers, he
would know very well that they are incapable
of occupying such a position.
But the Senator may be excused from the
fact that he knows nothing about Mississippi.
He does not live there ; he has no residence
there ; he has no interest in Mississippi Except
siihply to hold an office as long as ttiat office
continues, a.nd when the o&ce ends he is
done with Mississippi, unless he can be re-
elected; and I undertake to say he will riot be
reelected, for there are a hundred men in
Mississippi to-day who can beat hiin among
colored men, and 1 am sure there is no -rfhite
man in Mississippi who will vote for Him.
And so when he charges upon the govern-
ment I had the honor to direct in Mississippi
that I was guilty of a violation of the rights of
tax-payers with regard to the secret service
fund, or any other fund, I submit to hith one
fact as a consolation which he can take to his
soul, that so far as the public funds of Missis-
sippi are concerned, it is something in which
he has no direct interest, he never having pajd
a dollar of tax in the State of Mississippi in
his life. Therefore, while I recognize ill?
sympathy he has for the State, and the good
of the State, I at the same time offer this con-
solation to hiifi; he can take it to himself ; it
will be some comfort to hitn to know the fact
that nobody can rob him in Mississippi, as he
has nothing there. . ,
With regard to his charge that the govern-
ment over which I presided was corrupt. I
desire to state a fact as something that, is due
to the Legislature and to those who held po^i-1
tions in the State while I was Governor.
There were northern men and southern meiij
colored men, and every class of men holding
office, and it is a fact that not one single djjfal-
cation occurred in the State of Mississtppiwh'ile
I was Governor by any officer that 1 appointed.
T would be glad to say, the people of rhany
