1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1911
gentlemen are altogether sincere. Here we have
laborers ground down to a point just enough to
keep body and soul together, while proprietors
draw over twenty percent, oil invested millions,
and then they come here and tell us that the
tariff cannot be reduced, no, not a cent, without
reducing the wages of labor.
I have contrasted these dry official data for
your inspection and consideration. I will not
comment upon them at length. They speak
for themselves. I might proceed to elaborate
the contrast by inviting you to step from the
operatives' tenements to the gilded chambers
of those who draw these dividends and loll in
all the luxury of wealth. There is room for
the richest imagination and food for the bitter-
est thoughts. But all I desire to ask of the
champions of protection in view of these facts
is simply this: who has received the benefits
of the high tariffs which have been levied for
the last ten year3 under the plea of benefiting
and elevating American labor? Was it labor
or was it capital ? Are those who have stead-
ily opposed these extreme tariffs, on the ground
that they serve to fill the purses of capitalists
at the expense of labor, entirely without justi-
fication ?
If the labor engaged in the very industries
which the tariff protects is worse off to-day
than labor in the great unprotected industries
of the country, then, I ask, what has become
of the millions which have been annually ex-
torted from th>* people of the United States in
the shape of increased prices? You have told
lis it would go to the laboring man. Do these
statistics show it? Has there been a breach
of faith, or is the tariff a failure ? Have these
factory proprietors, these self-appointed trus-
tees for the laboring men who annually crowd
these Halls under pretense of befriending
labor, collected the bounties which our legisla-
tion secured them and then applied them to
their profit and dividend accounts ? The cupid-
ity of man is great, and I fear that such a con-
clusion is not remote from the foregoing facts
and figures.
Now, in conclusion, let no one suppose
that I have extracted the worst features out of
this report. No ; there are descriptions of
physical suffering and exhaustion, of long
hours and over-exertion in ill-ventilated,
over-heated workshops ; stories of the evil
effects of female labor, of the labor of chil-
dren ; of political and other petty tyrannies
on the part of employers, all of which have a
tendency to make the reader sick at heart;
and after reading this book one is almost
tempted to wish that aggregated factory labor
had never found foot-hold npon American soil.
Indeed, he who patiently works his way
through the pages of this volume will not be
astonished at the following strong burst of
discontent uttered by a very intelligent opera-
tive :
"As year by year the difficulty increases of lifting
one's self out of the vassalage of the present indus-
trial system, the situation, to a man ot sensibility
and independence, is growing more and more intol-
erable. ilad we been consulted a.* to the punish-
ment to be inflicted upon the leaders of the south-
ern rebellion, our worst sentence would have been
banishment to a Massachusetts factory, with the
long hours, low wages, and hopeless social condition
of an average operative."
But I do not despair of ifnprovement. I
believe that the labor problem will yet find a
practical solution; but the remedy lies not on
the field of high tariffs. The difficulty is in
the unequal division between capital and labor,
the unequal division between profits and
wages; and any labor movement tending to
equalization should meet the hearty coopera-
tion of all humane persons.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have submitted these
remarks in order to show that tariff acts do
not, of themselves, raise wages or benefit labor,
that they generally affect profits and not wages,
and that at present there is at least a wide
margin between profits and wages on which
the tariff can be reduced without touching the
labor question at all. Let it not be inferred
that I am an abstract free-trader. I trust I
have practical sense enough to recognize the
fact that we must raise large revenues to main-
tain the credit of our Government, and that
the greater portion of these revenues ought
to be raised by duties on imports. I further
recognize the fact that sudden and violent
changes in tariff legislation are hurtful, but I
believe the time has come when a moderate, a
slow but steady reduction of tariff duties is
practicable, desirable, and demanded by the
true interests of the country.
Mr. ORR obtained the floor, and said: I
yield for a few minutes to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.]
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, I desire to ex-
press nothing but gratitude to the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Finkelnburg] for his able,
interesting, and clear statement, although it is
a statement of views from which I wholly dis-
sent and an entirely incorrect and incomplete
picture of the condition of my State. The
men of Massachusetts caused this bureau of
labor statistics to be established. They thrust
their probe into these alleged sores on their
body-politic. At the cost of their people they
have printed and spread abroad, and them-
selves held up to the public gaze, whatever of
complaint the laborer of Massachusetts had to
make ; and we welcome any friendly critic
(and I am sure my friend from Missouri is such
toward every American State) who will point
out to us what is evil or help us to remedy
what is bad in the condition of our Common-
wealth.
There is some truth in the picture which has
been painted ; but it is after all largely incor-
rect and overdrawn. In regard to female labor
it is true that the American woman in the New
England States, as elsewhere, fails to receive a
just, an adequate, an improving, andan increas-
ing rate of wages ; and I trust the gentleman
from Missouri will join me in securing the
remedy which I seek to apply to that evil by
placing in the hand of the American woman
the ballot, which to her, as to man, is to be the
means of protection.
But I assert, on my responsibility as a Rep-
resentative of Massachusetts, that the native
American workingman within the limits of my
State and my section receives, if not as yet
an absolutely ample compensation, yet that
his condition is steadily improving, and is bet-
ter than that of the laborer anywhere else on the
face of the earth.
Why, sir, just look at one fact. These man-
ufacturing cities of our State are filling up with
the creatn of the labor of the civilized world.
From England, from Scotland, from Ireland,
from Germany, (Ireland diminishing and Eng-
land and Germany increasing their contribu-
tions,) these men are coming over and flock-
ing to the free cities of New England. And
when they come, do you ever hear of their
going back ? The first earnings of the young
foreigner who comes to a Massachusetts man-
ufacturing city are devoted to bringing over
the father, the mother, the sister, the younger
brother, and the friend. Who ever goes back
to a German, an Irish, or an English town,
after having once tasted of the poverty, the
destitution, and the distress which the_ gentle-
man from Missouri would have us believe are
suffered by the Massachusetts operative ?
One other thing is entirely left out in the
picture which the gentleman has painted. The
intelligent, honest, prudent American oper-
ative in one of our factories does not remain
permanently in that position. The lowest
class may have poor wages ; but the man who
was in the lowest class five or ten years ago is
not found in that class to-day. I was in my
youth a member of a committee appointed by
the churches of the city where I live, one of the
most prosperous manufacturing cities in New
England. We districted the town, and made it
our business to be informed of the condition
of every family in that city, and to see that no
person suffered during our severe New Eng-
land winter from cold, hunger, or any other
cause.
Sir, that committee maintained its functions
for a few years, and then ended them because
it had nothing to do. It ended them because
there ceased to be any want or poverty which
required the interposition of the liberal charity
of the community.
Now, I appeal to my colleague, who is
familiar with the manufacturing towns of New
England, I appeal to either of my colleagues,
if it is not true, as you pass -around the out-
skirts of the New England villages or manu-
facturing towns to-day, that you do not find
any increase in the number of hovels, in the
number of shanties, in the number of mean
and cheap shelters such as you see in Ger--
many, or in Ireland, or in England as you
pass through those countries. These are no
more, in spite of increasing population, than
they were ten or fifteen or twenty years ago ;
but the homes which are growing up like
mushrooms year by year all over that com-
munity are the homes of comfort, of thrift,
of wealth, indicating increasing means of their
occupants.
The gentleman gives us two or three re-
markable proofs of the penury of the Massa-
chusetts workmen. He tell us the working-
men of Massachusetts of the lowest class are
getting into the hands of their employers by
mortgaging their real estate. I should like to
know what the workingmen of Germany, of
England, or of Ireland, of the lowest class,
have to mortgage ? I should like to hear the
burst of laughter on the part of the work-
ing community of the lowest class in Ger-
many or ill Ireland if anybody should inform
them such was the destitution of the working-
men iu New England that they mortgaged
their real estate to their employers!
He says that some of them do acquire prop-
erty, and it is mostly by rise of their real estate.
He cannot deny that they make large deposits
iu savings batiks, but he says it is by robbing
their stomachs. What a picture of destitu-
tion caused by this hated tariff 1 The capi-
talist making large dividends, the men of the
middle class constantly bettering their condi-
tion, and the poorer class flocking from other
countries to escape starvation at home, but
somehow or other getting property to mort-
gage, making money by rise in real estate, and
laying up money in savings banks by starving
their stomachs.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to add another
word. These statistics of the gentleman from
Missouri are the statistics of discontent. The
American workingman of five or ten years ago
rises, becomes a foreman or an employer, or
goes to the West and takes a farm, and his
place is steadily supplied year by year by the
Englishman, the Irishman, the German, or
the Canadian, who comes from starvation at
homo and takes the lowest position in our
laboring community, far better than his posi-
tion at home, and thus constantly thrusts up
to one higher still the American^ laborer,
whose place he takes. I believe it is tnie
of every class of men who lived in Massachu-
setts and worked there ten years ago that
their position is far better now than it was
then. Even if the class is not better paid
now than then, the men who then composed
it arc now better off. The great problem
of the relation of labor to capital is not yet
solved. The laborer, nowhere better paid,
nowhere urges more sturdily his clg-im to
better payment still. I do not claim that
there is not much to be improved in the con-
dition of labor in my State. The laborers of
that Stats are taking that matter in hand.
One not inconsiderable aid to them in this
