2808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
NATS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Frelinghuyscn,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas. Harlan, Hill, Johnston, Kelly. Logan, Ran-
som, Rice, Robertson. Sawyer, Schurz, Spencer,
Stevenson. Stockton, Tipton, Vickers, and West—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Carpen-
ter, Cole. Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Fcnton, Ferry of Connecticut. Flanagan,
Howe, Kellogg. Lewis, Norwood, Nye, Osborn, Pat-
terson, Pool, Pratt. Saulsbury, Sprague, Stewart,
Thurinan, and Trumbull—25.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. WEST. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to offer the following
amendment:
Insert on pago 19, after lino four hundred and
fifty-five, at the bottom of the page:
For establishing and maintaining national military
cemeteries, 350,000.
I will not trouble the Senate at this time
with making any explanation of this amend-
ment, unless it is asked for.
Mr. COLE. It is merely transferring that
sum from the military bill for the next fiscal
year to this bill to provide for a deficiency for
this year. It is a mere transfer from one bill
to another.
Mr. WEST. Perhaps it may be necessary
briefly to explain it. The Committee on Appro-
priations discovered this morning that in the
bill appropriating money for the support, of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1873, there
was a provision "for establishing and main-
taining national military cemeteries, $300,000,
$50,000 of which sum shall be available for
use immediately after the passage of this act."
It was considered more desirable to make thai
sum of $50,000 available through the instru-
mentality of the deficiency bill than to put it
into the general bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I offer an amendment to be
inserted after lino one hundred and eighty-
eight, on page 0 s
For compensation to the president a.nd members
of the council of tho District of Columbia, for the
sossion commencing on tho 8th of November, 1871,
$2,280.
Tlmt is ill pursuance of law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON obtained the floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope tho Senator will
allow me to oiler an amendment. If it should
cause debato I would not intrude on the Sen-
ator.
Mr. STEVENSON. Very well.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 am instructed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs to offer the fol-
lowing amendment, which is based on the
recommendation of the quartermaster of the
Marine corps, coming through and recom-
mended by theSeoretary of the Navy. After
line four hundred and fifty-five, page 19,
insert:
To moot n, deficionoy in tho quartermaster's do-
partmon t, Marine corps, for tho ourront yoar, $18,394.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What does that raeau?
Mr. ANTHONY. I have here the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of the Navy
founded upon the report and estimate of the
quartermaster of the Marine corps.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let all these papers be
read.
Mr. ANTHONY. I know the Senator from
Kentucky is not very well, and I promised him
not to press this if it would interfere with him
and cause debate.
Mr. COLE. I think part of that sum is in
the bill now.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understood from the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
that the Committee on Appropriations were
satisfied. I withdraw the amendment for the
present.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I offer the following
amendment, to come in after line seven hun-
dred and thirty-four, on page 31:
For this amount, being the balance on account
duo the Quapaw tribo of Indians for a certain tract
oi land in the State of Kansas, containing seven
thousand six hundred and and thirty-two hundreths
aores, ceded by said tribe to the United States in
accordance with the terms of the fourth article of
the treaty with Sonecas. mixed Scnceas, and tehaw-
nees. Quapaws. confederated Peorias. Kaskaskias,
Weas, and Piankeshaws, Ottawas of Blanchard s
Fork ancl Roche de Bceuf, and cerlain Wyandotts,
concluded February 23, 1867, (Salutes, volume
fifteen, page 518,) $4,500 40. .
For this amount, to be taken from any funds m
the Treasury of the United States belonging to the
confederated bands of Peorias, Kaskaskias, Weas,
and Piankeshaws, to make good to the Quapaw
tribe ot Indians the estimated value ot eighteen
thousand five hundred and twenty-two and fifty
hundredths acres of land lying south of Kansas,
ceded by them to the United States under the terms
of the fourth article of the treaty with the Senccas,
Mixed Seneoas, and Shawnees, Quapnws, Confed-
erated Peorias, Kaskaskias, Weas, and Piankeshaws,
Ottawas of Blanchard's Fork, and Roche de Boeuft,
and certain Wyandotts, concluded February 23,1867,
(Statutes, volume fifteen, page 513.) which lands
were, by the twenty-second article of said treaty,
granted and sold to the confederated bands of
Peorias, Kaskaskias, Weas, and Piankeshaws, at the
same rate as paid by the Government, $21,300 87.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This appears
to be reported from the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will state also that
it is recommended by the Secretary of the
Interior. I will simply say that the first appro-
propriation results from this transaction: in
18G7 the Quapaw Indians made a treaty with
the United States by which they sold or ceded
to the Government certain lands in Kansas ;
the Government agreed to pay these Indians
$1 25 an acre for them whenever they should
be surveyed; they were surveyed, and report
has been made of that survey showing the
quantity of laud, being seven thousand six
hundred acres, and the Government paid in
advance to these Indians the sum of $-3,000.
There remains an indebtedness to that tribe
of $4,500 40.
In relation to the other pait of the amend-
ment 1 would say that tlie same tribe in the
same tiuaty conveyed oilier lands lying south
of Kansas, and tlin confederated bands of Peo-
rias, Kaskaskias, and otheis, at the same time
sold lands in Kansas arid agreed with the avails
of these lands to pay 1'or the lands which were
bought of the Quapaws south of that line. The
money received for tho lauds sold to the con-
federated bands was invested in United States
bonds for the benefit of these confederated
tribes; but a portion of those tribes became
citizens, and under the same treaty they were
entitled to a distributive part of the funds which
belonged to the tribe. In consequence of that
the funds belonging to the tribe, United States
bonds, have been sold and the avails distrib-
uted, and now there is no opportunity to pay
the Quapaw Indians except we shall take from
the funds now in the hands of the Government
that belonging to the confederated tribes and
apply them in that manner. Thereare more than
$8o,000 in the hands ot the Government now
that belong to the confederated bands, and this
is simply a transler from one to the other to
carry out the agreement entered into between
these tribes and the Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON. I send an amendment
to the Chair to be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment,, which
was to insert after line four hundred and sixty-
four, on page 20, the following clause:
1Commonwealth of Kentucky the sum of
fo2o,2o8 72, tor that amount due said Commonwealth
on the 30th ot Juno, ]871, for advances, supplies
troops organized, moneys advanced, &o by the
Commonwealth of Kentucky, and employed in the
seiviceot toe United States during the late insur-
rection against the United States, and which were
properly audited by the accounting officers of the
United btates on the 30th day of June, 1871 and for
which sum the Third Auditor of the Treasury, on
the day and year aforesaid, certified and transmitted
a requisition in favor of said Commonwealth for the
payment of said sum aforesaid, with the certificate
oi said balance of accounts, which said requisition
was so approved and countersigned by the Second
Comptroller, and so registered and recorded by the
Third Auditor of the Treasury, as aforesaid, to the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire, Mr. President,
before proceeding to consider the amendment
offered by me to this bill to thank the Sen-
ate, and especially to tender my acknowledg-
ments to the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, who has the deficiency bill in
charge, for his kindness in postponing action
upon it during my absence from the Senate
for the past week. I have been, as it is known,
quite ill and wholly unfit for public duty. I
feel this courtesy the more gratefully because
I am aware how great the public necessities
in many sections of the country are for appro-
priations covered by this bill, and what soli-
citude the honorable Senator from California
[Mr. Cole] felt on this account that it should
be promptly disposed of.
I crave now the indulgence of the Senate
while I briefly explain the nature of the claim
covered by my proposed amendment, and to
suggest some of the considerations which im-
pel me to offer it as a specific amendment to
this bill rather than to seek its liquidation
under the general appropriation contained In
it, and providing for the payment of any bal-
ance due or to be found due to any State for
costs, charges, and expenses incurred in the
defense of the United States during the late re-
bellion, known as the war debt of the States.
Congress passed an act entitled "An act to
indemnify the States for expenses incurred
by them in defense of the United States,"
approved 27th July, 1861. It provides—
" That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, directed, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to pay to the Governor
of any State, or to his duly authorized agents, the
costs, charges, and expenses properly incurred by
such State for enrolling, subsisting, clothing, [sup-
plying, arming, equipping, paying, and transport-
ing its troops employed in aiding to suppress the
present insurrection against the United States, to be
settled upon proper vouchers to be filed and passed
upon by the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury."
Under this act most, of the States have ex-
hibited claims against, the United States for
charges and expenses incurred by them for
enrolling, subsisting, clothing, arming, equip-
ping, paying, and transporting their troops
employed in aiding to suppress the late exist-
ing civil war. Many of these claims have
been audited and paid in full to several of the
States; others have still large balances due
them for expenses incurred and moneys paid
out, in arming, equipping, and transporting
troops which were employed in the service of
the United States during the late war.
The claim covered by my proposed amend-
ment is a part of one of the installments of the
war debt due by the United States to Ken-
tucky, amounting to 5525,258 72. The install-
ment of which this claim is a part amounted to
$582,692 43, and was filed, I believe, as early
as perhaps 1866 or 1867 as a valid and sub-
sisting claim under the act of 27th July, 1861.
The terms of that act required that the
claims under it were "to be settled upon
proper vouchers to be filed and passed upon
by the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury." The pending claim of Kentucky against
the United States, consisted entirely, as I am
informed and believe, of moneys expended by
that Commonwealth for the pay of troops
raised, equipped, and maintained by Kentucky
for home service, but employed by the United
States in aiding to suppress the rebellion.
I his installment, with the requisite vouch-
ers, was filed, examined, and passed upon by
the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury during May and June of the past year.
Months^ of laborious preparation were spent
in obtaining evidence establishing incontro-
vertibly the character of service, and clearly
showing that such service was directly within
the terms, intent,, and meaning of the act of
2<th July, 1861, already referred to, and
under which all the State war claims had been
adjusted.
Ihis claim was thoroughly examined arid
scrutinized by the accounting officers of the
Treasury Department, and $57,483 71 were
suspended and deducted for want of muster
and pay rolls which could not be found.
