tm
THE CONGRESSIONAL W
February 14,
allegation against some individual or some-
body. I content myself with standing on the
facts in evidence, which cannot be questioned,
apd whatever may be the final result, will jus-
Ufy an inquiry.
Sir, I do not end here. This case opens
a larger question, of our neutral obligations.
Here I approach the point which the Senator
from Indiana seemed to anticipate. He wished
to know whether there was evidence that the
United States had sold these arms and stores
knowingly to any agent of France. You have
the letter of the Secretary of War in which he
states his refusal to sell to Remington, but
that he sold the next day or immediately after
to one Thomas Richardson, who in point of
fact was the known attorney of Remington,
not himself a dealer in arms, not, as I under-
stand, a man of business in the common sense
of the term, but the attorney of Remington,
and who is now with him in France, by his side.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. With the per-
mission of the Senator from Massachusetts, I
desire, to say a word here. I notice that this
preamble states on the point to which the Sena-
tor is now alluding, after quoting Remington's
letter, and after quoting Belknap's letter, that—
"It appears from these several communications,
not only that arms were sold, but that ammunition
■was manufactured in the workshops of the United
States Government, and sold to one Thomas Rich-
ardson, the known attorney of Messrs. Remington
& Sons, when the bids of the latter had been thrown
out for the reason that they were the agents of the
French Government."
I ask the Senator—a point which I have not
been able to ascertain in the investigation I
have given the subject—where it appears in
this,communication, as the preamble states,
that Thomas Richardson was the known attor-
ney of Remington?
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that is a fact.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. But the pre-
amble states that it appears by this communi-
cation.
Mr. SUMNER. There is nothing in the
communication on that point.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Then the pre-
amble is erroneous as to that fact. I think it
is the most important fact stated in the pre-
amble—that word " known." It struck me in
carefully looking at it.
Mr. SUMNEE. I understand that in point
of fact he was the known attorney of Reming-
ton, acting for him, and is now acting for him
in France. The relations were notoriously
such as to make him recognized as such.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But you make the pre-
amble say that these documents show it.
Mr. SUMNER. It were better to say that
he was notoriously so, which is enough to put
our officials on their guard. The question for
the Senate is whether, on the evidence, there
is ground to suspect that these arms were not
sold bonajide to private individuals but were
sold to France; whether the private individ-
uals in whose names the purchases were made,
every one of whom it will appear, I think, on
inquiry, acted under the agent of France, are
not to be regarded as French agents, so that
the Gevernment by selling to them under the
circumstances compromised our neutral rela-
tions. Doubtless under the circumstances it
was the duty of the Government to look care-
fully into the position of each purchaser, and
to ascertain whether or not he was an agent
of France, an agent under Remington, or an
agent directlyfrom the French Government.
If under Remington, then was he an agent of
France. In this light the inquiry assumes
additional importance, though let me say it
has two aspects, each of which is important.
The first is the money question, and there you
have the discrepancy between the report of
the War Department and the report of the
Treasury, and then you have the larger discrep-
ancy between the French accounts and the
American accounts. That I call the money
question, involving money counted by the mil-
lion. Where are those millions? A Senator
suggests that they may be in the pockets
of private individuals, intermediate agents.
Before I am done I shall call attention to that
suggestion in the light of the only case_ of
international law applicable to this question.
And this brings me to our neutral duties.
Here the question is gravo. No doubt indi-
viduals may sell arms to a belligerent, per-
haps even ships, subject to confiscation in
transitu; but a Government cannot. A Gov-
ernment cannot mix as a merchant in a foreign
war. During peace it may sell arms if it
pleases. But when war has begun it cannot'
sell arms to either belligerent. Here the inter-
dict is peremptory and complete. We all
know that our Government from the beginning
has claimed for private individuals the right
to sell ships and munitions of war to belliger-
ents, but it has never claimed for itself the
right to sell ships or munitions of war to any
belligerent.
There is a clear distinction. A merchant
as such may do this; but the Government
cannot play any such part and thus mix in the
war. This is plain; but you shall see it in
the incontrovertible words of others. Whsaton,
our great authority, in Lawrence's edition,
page 67, quotes Vattel as laying down the rule
of neutrality: "To give no assistance where
there is no previous stipulation to give it, nor
voluntarily to furnish troops, arms, ammuni-
tion, or anything of direct use in war." Vat-
tel, as quoted, then says, "I do not say to
give assistance equally, but to give no assist-
ance; for it would be absurd that a State
should assist at the same time two enemies."
Another home authority, the late General
Halleck, in his work on international law,
after speaking of merchants engaged in selling
ships and munitions of war to abelligerent-, says;
" The act is wrong in itself, and the penalty results
from his violation of moral duty as well as of law.
The duties imposed upon the citizens and subjects
flow from exactly the same principle as those which
attach to the government of neutral States."
He then says, quoting another:
"By these acts he makes himself personally a
party toawar inwhieh, asa neutral, he had no right
to engage, and his property is justly treated as that
of an enemy."
0 ur other home authority, Professor Woolsey,
in his work on international law, section one
hundred and sixty-two, says:
"International law does not require of the neutr&'
sovereign that he should keep the citizen or subject
within the same strict linos of neutrality which he is
bound to draw for himself."
That is, a citizen may sell ships and arms
to a belligerent and take the penalty, but the
Government cannot do any such thing.
Mr. MORTON. What is the authority?
Mr. SUMNER. That is Professor Wool-
sey. Another authority of considerable weight,
Blurtschli, the German, lays down the rule as
follows:
"A neutral State cannot send troops to a belli-
gerent, nor put at its disposition ships of war, nor
furnish subsidies to aid in making the war. In going
directly in aid of one of the belligerent powers by
the sending of men or war material he takes part in
the war."
There is the true principle—"in sending
men or war material he takes part in the war.''
But the most important illustration of this
question, and the only case bearing directly on
this point which, according to my recollection,
has ever been diplomatically discussed, is one
somewhat famous at the time, known as that
of the Swedish Frigate, which will be found in
the second series of Causes C616br6s, by Baron
Charles Martens. It seems that in 1825, after
ten years of peace, the Swedish Government
conceived the idea of parting with ships, some
of them more than twenty years old, as com-
paratively useless. A contract for their sale
was made with a merchant in London. The
Spanish Government, by their minister at
Stockholm, protested on the alleged ground
that though nominally sold to a merchant
they were purchased for the revolted colonies
in Mexico and South America, and in his
communication, dated the 1st of July, 1825,
used the following energetic language, which
I translate:
" And what would his Majesty the King of Sweden
think in the case of a revolt of one of his provinces,
of the kingdom of Norway, for example, if friendly
Powers and allies furnished to tho rebels arms and
munitions supplied through intermediary specula-
tors under the pretext of ignoring the result?"—
I translate literally—
"intermediary speculators under the pretext of
ignoring the result? Instructed by these prepara-
tions, would the Cabinet of Stockholm wait till tho
iron and cannon furnished to its enemies had mown
down its soldiers, till the vessels handed over to
rebels had annihilated its commerce and desolated
its coasts, in order to protest against similar supplies,
and to prevent them if possible ? And if these pro-
tests were rejected, independently of every other
measure, would it not lift its voice thoughout all
Europe and in presence of all allied Courts against
this act of hostility, against this violation of the
rights of the sovereign, and against this political
soandal?"
These are strong words, but they only give
expression to the feelings naturally awakened
in a Power that seemed to be imperiled by such
an act.
In another communication the same miuis-
ter said to the Swedish Government, "It is
the doctrine of irresponsibility which the cab-
inet of Stockholm professes with regard to the
sale of war vessels, which excites the most
lively representations on the part of theunUer-
signed." Mark the words, "the doctrine of
irresponsibility." Then, again, the minister
says in other words worthy of consideration at
this moment:
"The Swedish Government on this occasion cre-
ated a commerce of a new character, determined to
furnish without distinction ships of war to every
purchaser, even to private individuals, without
guarantee, establishing, as it seems to indicate, that
the commercial profits of these sales are for the State,
a necessity of an order superior to political consid-
erations the most elevated, as to moral obligations
the most respectable."
I ask if these words are not applicable to
the present case ? Did it not become the Gov-
ernment of the United States at this time, when
making these large sales, almost gigantic, so
that its suspicion was necessarily aroused, to
institute inquiry into the real character of the
purchaser? Was it not put on its guard?
Svery morning told us of war unhappily rag-
ing in Europe. Could there be doubt that
these large purchases were for the benefit of
jne of the belligerents? Was our Govern-
ment so situated that for the sake of these
profits, it would neglect political considerations
called in this dispatch the most elevated, as
moral obligations the most respectable? Was
it ready to assume the responsibility char-
acterized by the Spanish minister in a case
less plain, as "an act of hostility, a violation
of the laws, of sovereignty, and a political
scandal ?"
It is perfectly vain to say that the name of
E,emington does not appear in these sales.
Under the actual and conspicuous circum-
stances, there was an overwhelming burden
on our officials to ascertain who was the real
purchaser. We conld not act blindfold, or if
we so acted it was at our peril.
I hope, sir, that I shall not be reminded of
that time-honored claim made by the mer-
chants of our country that they may sell arms
to a belligerent. I know its origin and his-
tory ; but I believe that the best interests of
civilization require that it should not be ex-
tended. On the character of the claim, one
of the ablest writers, indeed the ablest that
has ever treated that branch of the law of
nations, Mr. Bemis, in his masterly Essay on
American Neutrality, expresses himself as
follows:
" That we should reconsider our cherished tenet
of the right ofa neutral to furnish arms and muni-
tions of war to belligerents, and either restrict it
within narrower limits, or else altogether repudiate
it, and pat such material of war upon the same foot-
ing as armed ships. This, I am quite aware, will be
considered nothing short of a revolutionary proposi-
