1912
THE ^(IONGRESSIONAL-GtLOBB.
March.; 28,
effort is, in my judgment, a just protection to
the industries in which they are engaged.
tANiJS toft'Tills PEOPLE—SOT MONOPOLIES.
Mr. ORR. Mr. Speaker, I have to-day sought
the floor for the purpose of giving expression
to some views 1 entertain on the subject of the
proper disposition to be made of the remain-
der of the public domain. This subject fras
suggested to me as an important one by an
examination Of the files of the House, in which
I found a multitude of bills containing a variety
of propositions appropriating lands for_ various
purposes, most of which, in my opinion, are
not consistent with the best interests of the
Government. There was a time when the
public domain was so vast in its extent, reach- ■
ing far beyond the limits of civilization and :
deemed of little value, because it was con- ;
sidered inexhaustible. Encroachments were
made upon it without serious opposition, and
the manner of its disposal was regarded with
apparent indifference. The benefit of its set-
tlement by industrious occupants was entirely
lost sight of in the contemplation of the mag-
nificent revenue which these lands were des-
tined to afford the Government.. But that
time has passed. Gradually the bulk of that
great territory has melted away, the enterpris-
ing spirit that prompts men to endeavor to
better their condition has caused an emigra-
tion Which has swept over its entire surface,
halting only upon the shore of the Pacific
ocean, and then surging back until every cor-
ner has been thoroughly explored. As the
quantity grew less the schemes and devices for
making inroads on it have multiplied, and
especially has the eagerness of corporations
been whetted by the rapid diminution in its
amount.
That amount having now been reduced to a
mere fi<actiott of what, it once was, in view of
the fact that strenuous exertions are now being
made through a number of means to still
largely reduce it, it becomes an important in-
quiry whether a continuation of that policy is
wise, whether the results of the system so far
have been satisfactory, and whether it has or
has not been attended with evils which may in
future be avoided.
Legislation, always potent in its influences
upon the welfare and growth of a people in
its power to enlarge or contract the channels
of trade, is especially so when applied to new
and rapidly-developing territories, and should
be so iramed as to help and not hinder that
development. It is doubtful if the lands con-
stituting our public domain will ever realize
as much money to the Treasury as has been
paid out on their account, and, treated in the
light of a purchase with a view to profit, their
acquisition has been of but little consequence ;
but, for the purpose of furnishing homes for
our people, who only desired the means of
utilizing the labor iu which consists the true
wealth of a nation, they become not only
important, but indispensable.
Uncultivated land is of no value to its owner
except that prospective one which is meas-
ured by the price at which he expects to dis-
pose of it, and when the Government is that
owner, the revenue to be derived from its sale
is insignificant in comparison to the benefits
derived from the increased production which
is the result of its occupancy and cultivation.
That is the highest interest the Government
has iu its domain. The public lands, vast as
their volume still is, and as important as they
'are in the formation of new States, as a means
of furnishing revenue, are almost totally use-
less, and not in any perceptible degree to be
reliedjon. A comparison of the sum realized
from their sale for the last year with the total
revenues collected shows the following great
contrast: total revenue collected in 1871,
$888,02.3,944; total revenue from sales of
public lands, $2,388,646,. being but a small
fraction over one half of one per cent, of the
whole amount.
Agriculture is the basis of all our indus-
tries 5 its prosperity is shared by all otter
branches of labor, and as it i_S fostered and
encouraged, the like impetus is given to its
dependencies. The lands disposed of by and
through the General Land Office have all been
peculiarly adapted to that purpose. They
have been the richest on the continent, and
the center of population has gradually moved
westward until it now rests upon what was a
short time ago a part of this uncultivated
waste awaiting disposal by the Government
through its established means. If it has dis-
posed of them in the manner which insured
their most speedy occupation and cultivation,
and thereby Converted them into the homes
of a thrifty people whose labor have swelled
the aggregate wealth of the nation, and en-
abled them to contribute to the revenue many
times more than the cost of their lands at its pur-
chase, then it has encouraged agricultural in-
dustry and consulted its own true interest in a
iuuch higher degree than though it had made
a fixed price the sine qua non of its disposal
of them. But if they have been sold with a
view solely of bringing the stipulated price at
which they were placed in market, or par-
celed out in large grants with no provision for
their settlement, then errors have been com-
mitted which it would be well for us to cor-
rect before proceeding to protide for the sale
of the remainder. Errors in legislation may
be tolerated-; and laws even, when found not
to have been dictated by wisdom, when the end
sought is desirable and is only to be attained
by venturing upon new and untried expedients,
may be excused. But the same palliation for
legislative blunders committed to-day upon
this subject cannot be found that might have
been properly offered thirty years ago. What
was then an experiment has borne fruit which
now invites -our inspection, and our acts now
should be directed by the light of that expe-
rience.
I invite the attention of this House to a
consideration of the proposition that of all
the proposed legislation which it is possible
for us to enact for the management or disposal
of the remaining public lands—that system
which will the soonest transfer them from the
control and ownership of the United States
into the hands of private parties, and change
them from their waste and unfruitful condition
into cultivated fields and prosperous homes
for industrious and thrifty occupants—will be
the most salutary both for Government and
people. This doctrine is not a new one, but
is one which has not only our own experience
to verify it, but had the sanction of statesmen
a century ago.
Edmund Burfce brought in a bill for the sale
of the British Crown lands, and in advocacy of
it used this language. He said:
"But be the price what it may, a great object is
always answered whenever any property is trans-
ferred from hands that are not tit for that property
to those that are. 1 he buyer andseller must mutu-
ally proriiby such a bargain. And, what rarely hap-
pens in matters of revenue, the relief of the sub-
ject will go hand in hand with the proiit of the
exchequer.
"The revenue to be obtained from the sale of the
forest lands and rights will not be so considerable, I
believe, as many people have imagined. And I con-
ceive it will be unwise to screw it up to the utmost,
or even suffer bidders to enhance according to tlieir
eagerness the purchase of objects "wherein the ex-
pense of that purchase may weaken the capital to
be employed in their cultivation.
" The principal revenue which I propose to draw
from this uncultivated waste is to spring from the
improvement and population of the kingdom,which
never can happen without producing an improve-
ment more advantageous to the revenues of the
Crown than the rents of the best landed estate
which it can hold."
History has, in all countries, vindicated the
truth of these assertions. They have nowhere
been more fully exemplified than in our own
Governmsnt, and yet, heedless. both of, the
warnings of the statesman who made them
and of the consequences visited upon us by
our failure to apply them, we have gone reck-
lessly forward in gross violation of them.
It is not a subject of complaint that the pub-
lic domain has been so much reduced, or that
the Government has parted with its lands until
they are so nearly all gone; but it is-to be
deeply regretted that they have been transferred
without ample provision being made f<tf being
converted into the uses for which they are by
nature designed. To retain them, or refuse
to sell or dispose of them, is a hinderance to
progress and improvement, but to hand them
over to corporations and monopolies that they
may prevent their settlement and cultivation,
or make them the means of wringing out ot
the producing classes large profits, is an inex-
cusable enormity. Their only intrinsic value
is in proportion to their capacity for annual
production. Their cultivation produces popu-
lation, which, with its productive power, con-
stitutes the national wealth. They may be
sold over and again in large quantities to
unproductive owners and they will not add
one farthing to the national wealth; but every
actual occupant who may become the owner
of even the smallest parcel of them adds to
that wealth in the ratio that he makes it pro-
ductive.
It seems to me to be well settled that the
earth being designed for cultivation, its right-
ful owners should be those who desire to
occupy it for that purpose and utilize it; yet
so slow have we been iu recognizing this truth
that we did not adopt the preemption law till
1820, nor the law by which homesteads can
be secured until as late as 18G0.
In the early settlement of the Atlantic States,
however, the need of these laws was not so
greatly felt, for they were settled upon princi-
ples more liberal than those which have been
applied to the western States. Their lands
passed into the hands of a class of producers
at comparatively nominal prices, and with a
view to their settlement and occupation, as
illustrated in the sale of the entire State of
Maine originally for the sum of £1,200. Whole
provinces then changed hands for a less sum
than is now required to buy a moderate-sized
farm, and these were again parceled out at com-
paratively low rates to stimulate settlement.
It was fortunate for them that lands were not,
as has been the case at a later period, held
out of the market for an extravagant rise
or transferred to its future owners through
incorporated monopolies to build up at their
expense a class of useless middle-men.
It was at a later period that the scheme of
making the public lands a means of restoring
a prostrated credit by an unrestricted sale was
devised. Since the adoption of that system
the continual lessons which have been taught
were that the proceeds from this source were as
uncertain as they were found to be inadequate,
and that these receipts increase only when the
revenues from other .sources are large in sea-
sons of prosperity, and diminish when com-
merce affords its lightest returns indicating
a financial depression; that its effect was to
transfer large tracts to capitalists who were
only desirous of holding them for an advanced
price, and who have always been able to keep
m advance of actual settlement, and purchase
such quantities as will consign to perpetual
solitude the settler who may chance to obtain
a single parcel in its vicinity.
Having failed to entirely prevent the growth
and population of the new West, or overcome
the inducements offered by il for immigration
by a continuance of this unwise policy, a gen-
eral system of granting lauds to aid in the
construction of railroads was eu'ered upon.
These grants were made ostensibly in the
interest of progress and improvement, and the
Government, unable to relinquish the idea
-that the public lands are a legitimate source
