120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14.
of what they request. I believe that matter is
still before the Committee on Finance, and I
move that the petitions be referred to that
committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens
of Wisconsin, praying that the sale of stamped
envelopes by the (Government be discontinued ;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a petition of
numerous citizens of New York largely engaged
as rectifiers of spirits, making suggestions
apparently very well considered, touching the
consolidation and arrangement of special taxes.
I move the reference of this petition to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also a petition
extensively signed by citizens who were sol-
diers for the Union in the late war for the sup-
pression of therebellion, residing in very many,
if not all, of the counties of the State of New
York, which petition is intended to remind
Congress, and does remind us in forcible terms,
of the services of women during the war, who,
going into hospitals and camps, rendered, as
nurses, most valuable services, which these
soldiers recognize, and which, they say, have
never been compensated in any way, and they
pray that some provision maybe made by pen-
sion for the acknowledgment tangibly of the
heroic and charitable offices of these women.
I move that this petition be referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. OSBORN presented the memorial of
Louis Baker, praying that the necessary steps
be taken by Congress to introduce into the
southern States certain palms for the produc-
tion of sugar and fruits; which was referred to
the Committee on Agriculture, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG presented a petition from
tax-payers of New Orleans, Louisiana, pray-
ing the repeal of the duty on salt; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of Me-
linda Walters, widow of Robert Walters, late
of the United States Marine corps, praying to
be allowed a pension ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SPENCER. I present the petition of
David A. Perryman, a citizen of Randolph
county, Alabama, praying the removal of his
political disabilities. This petition is recom-
mended by the Republican members of the
General Assembly of the State of Alabama.
I move its reference to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. I also present the petition
of William McMahan, of Cleburne county,
Alabama, praying the removal of his political
disabilities. This petition is also recommended
by a large number of the members of the Gen-
eral Assembly (jf Alabama. I move its refer-
ence to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. I also present the petition
of Johu W. Wiggonton, of Cleburne county,
Alabama, praying the removal of his political
disabilities. This petition is also recommended
by a large number of members of the General
Assembly of the State of Alabama. I move
its reference to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Cincinnati, Ohio, protesting against
the sale of stamped envelopes by the Govern-
ment ; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, relative to the tax on spirits; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CARPENTER presented th& memorial
of Charles Lanman, of Georgetown, District of
Columbia, praying to be reimbursed for losses
sustained by the infringement of the Govern-
ment on his copyright for the work called
Lanman's Dictionary ; which was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. COOPER presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Tennessee, asking the enact-
ment of a law by Congress during this session
that will cause to be refunded to the people of
the cotton-growing States the tax imposed and
collected on cotton for the years 1865,1866, and
1867; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of
Edward B. Southworth, formerly an acting
assistant paymaster in the Navy, praying that
the sum of $1,098 kept back and deducted from
his accounts by the Treasury Department may
be restored to him; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
papers withdrawn and referred.
Mr. OSBORN. I move that J. D. Reed be
allowed to withdraw his papers from the files
of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has there been
an adverse report ? .
Mr. OSBORN. I do not think there has
been any adverse report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the order will be made.
On motion of Mr. HAMILTON, of Mary-
land, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of H. R. de
la Reintrie, for the settlement of his accounts as
vice consul general at Havana, be taken from tlie
files of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr. HAMILTON, of Mary-
land, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Henry Roy de la
Reintrie, for compensation for his services in expos-
ing the fraudulent claims of JosS Y. Limantour to
lands in San Francisco county and adjacent islands,
California, be taken from the file8 of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSTON, it was
Ordered, That papers relating to the claims of
Anna Green and Maria Bohrer, heirs-at-law of Lieu-
tenant Colonel Uriah Forrest, an officer in the rev-
olutionary war, be taken from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of John B.
Emerson be taken ftom the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Patents.
reports of committees.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. The Commit-
tee on_ Patents, to whom was referred the
memorial of Lewis Wieser, praying the erec-
tion of a bureau in the Department of the
Interior, in connection with the Patent Office,
to be known as the bureau of industry, have
instructed me to report it back, asking to be
discharged from the further consideration of
this memorial, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Education and Labor. Although
the Patent Office is named in the indorsement
of this paper, it is really a long memorial ask-
ing for the erection of a system of model schools
by the Government, and the subject-matter
properly belongs to the Committee on Educa-
tion and Labor.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 105) for
the relief of J. Milton Best, rep'orted it with-
out amendment.
enrolled bill signed.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled bill (H. R. No. 612) to provide for a
deficiency in the appropriai ions for the expenses
of taking the ninth census of the United States;
and it was thereupon signed by the Vice Presi-
dent.
bills introduced.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
380) to promote the securing of efficient sea-
men for the Navy of the United States; which
was read twico by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, andby unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 381) restoring to the marshal of the
District of Columbia the exclusive supervision
of the jail in said District; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RICE asked, andby unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
382) to provide for a building for the use of
the Federal courts, post office, internal rev-
enue, and other civil offices, in the city of
Little Rock, Arkansas ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. KELLY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 383) extending the time for the selection
of swamp and overflowed lands in Oregon,
under an act of Congress approved March
12, 1860; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 385) to regulate the admission of
pupils into the Columbia Institution for the Deaf
and Dumb; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY (as he stated, at the request
of the Delegate from the Territory of Utah)
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce the following bills; which
were severally read twice by their titles, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed:
A bill (S. No. 386) granting lands to aid in
the reclamation of desert lands in the Terri-
tory of Utah ; and
A. bill (S. No. 387) to incorporate the Bear
River and Cache Valley Canal Company, and
for a grant of lands to aid in the construction
of a canal for irrigation and other purposes
in the Territories of Utah and Idaho.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 388) imposing tonnage duties, and for
other purposes ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave^ to introduce a bill
(S. No. 889) for the relief of certain settlers
on the public lands in Iowa under the provis-
ions of the homestead laws; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THURMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a biP
(S. No. 390) granting a pension to Sarab
Evans; which was read twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
referred to the Committee on Pensions, if
there be no objection.
Mr. THURMAN. That bill was referred
at the last Congress and reported upon favor-
ably, and I do not think it is necessary that it
should be referred again. It is the identical
bill that was referred then and reported upon.
I do not consider it necessary to have it re-
ferred now, but prefer that it should take its
place on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
take its place on the Calendar instead of being
referred to the Committee on Pensions, if the
Senator desires that action.
Mr. AN IHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 391) regulating promotion, employment,
and pay in the Navy of the United States;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
