3704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
counties in the State of Mississippi would be
glad to say, the same thing with regard to the
appointments made by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi while he was military Governor. It is
a fact that when I became Governor there was
a breaking up, a ruuning off on the part of a
good many officers who had been appointed
by him, with the public funds in their pockets.
1 expended some of the secret service fund in
truth in attempting to follow up those fellows,
and bring them back for trial; but they, like
the Ku Klux, were certainly expert in hiding
themselves so as not to be found. So, sir, I
think I may say for the Legislature and for the
administration of the government of Missis-
sippi that it has been honest, as honest as
governments usually are.
One more thought and I will yield the floor.
When I speak of capet-baggers 1 do not allude
to northern men who have come and settled
among us. The man from the North who
comes to Mississippi and settles among us,
who becomes a stockholder in our society, in
our State government, in the interest of the
people, is a man to whom we extend all the
hospitality that belongs to the people of the
South. We object to the man who comes
therefor office only, and who, when the office
ceases, ceases to exist there ; the man who has
no residence there ; who pretends to represent
the sovereignty of Mississippi and has no iden-
tity of interest, no stock in common, pays no
taxes, belongs not to our society, and remains
with us for the purpose of enjoying office, and
does that which is necessary to continue him-
self in office ; the man who lives on the pas-
sions of the people, who seeks to keep up
the strife that exists between the colored race
and the white race, notwithstanding the evil,
the wrong, the injury, the destruction, and the
devastation that lhat violence presents ; who
if he can get office out of it is content to let
Mississippi take care of herself.
Sir, 1 am a tax-payer. My plantations were
first introduced to the attention of the Con
gress of the United States by my colleague,
the gentleman who says he is from Mississippi,
but who fails to state where he lives in Missis-
sippi. I state this without any personal ill-
feeling to the Senator from Mississippi. I
have none in the world toward him. It is a
question that rises above the consideration of
anything personal. It is a matter that belongs
to society, to the peace of the country. We
aie in that condition to day, going forward m
the transitions of the revolution, which engages
the attention of all the thoughtful men in the
South.
I stated last night that it was the interest of
every man in Mississippi who whs a planter to
cultivate good and friendly relations with the
colored people. 1 showed the reason why, and
I showed the reason to the country why these
stories with regard to the violence of the south-
ern people were not true and could not pos-
sibly be true. To-day there is scarcely a col-
ored agriculturist in Mississippi (and that is
the employment of the great body of the col-
ored people there) who is not in partnership
with a white man. I have more than a hun-
dred partners in the productions of agriculture.
There is scarcely a planter is Mississippi who
has not articles of copartnership written up
and recorded between himself and the colored
men upon his plantation. They cultivate the
plantation on copartnership. Each agrees to
supply his part. If the colored man has no
more, he supplies labor; the white man sup-
plies the balance, and the conditions of copart-
nership go forward; the cotton to be divided
and the corn to be divided. All this is done.
Now, to show you that it is the interest of
the planter to divide fairly and to make satis-
fied his colored partner, if he fails to do that,
heie is another planter within a mite of hini
or in the neighborhood who is ready to take
his hands the next year, who is ready to offer
him a bonus for those hands; and the planters
from the bottom, the Mississippi valley, are
every year going into the interior of the coun-
try where fear of violence exists, and there
representing to the colored man the fact that
they live in a country where nobody holds
office except at the will of the colored men,
and yet they have not been fortunate during
the last year in bringing many colored people
from the interior of the country, for the reason
that they come back and report the fact to be
that the colored men in the interior of the
country say they are entirely satisfied with the
condition of things as they exist to-day ; that
now the Ku Klux have passed away, and they
do not wish to remove to the Mississippi bot-
tom.
Now, Mr. President, for three hundred miles
on the Mississippi front in the State of Missis-
sippi there has not been a case of Ku Klux
violence established or even charged since the
year 1868 within my knowledge. In all that
vast rich delta that is now scarce of labor, sus-
ceptible of the production of a bale of cotton
to an acre, where capital seeks to obtain labor,
they are sending out their emissaries, as I have
said, and agents every year to bring labor
there ; and 1 undertake to say there is not a
plantation there that has the amount of labor
it could use. In all those river counties for
three hundred miles not a man holds an office
unless he holds it at the will of the colored
people, and a majority of the offices, I will say
two thirds of the offices, are in truth and in
fact held by the colored people. Is it possible
that the courts cannot administer justice to
the colored people in a society like this ? Is it
possible that the county in which I live, where
the colored population is seventy-six per cent,
of the whole; in the county below me, where
it is eighty per cent.; in the county below that,
where it is eighty-three per cent.; and in the
county below that, where it is ninety per cent,
of the whole, justice cannot he administered
to the colored people when we have a thorough
Republican, a true man, an excellent lawyer,
a man of unspotted reputation, to preside as
judge, and anorihern man, who is a citizen of
Mississippi in full accord with the Republican
party, and in the full confidence of the colored
people, as prosecuting attorney?
I undertake to say that justice is adminis-
tered there, and that there is no complaint in
all that district of country lhat justice is not
administered; that colored men sit upon
juries, and it is frequently the case that the
jury is entirely composed of colored men.
Colored men are overseers of the roads. A
colored man is the sheriff of Issaquena county,
appointed by myself. A colored man is elected
sheriff of Issaquena coun|y ; a colored man
is elected sheriff of Adams county; a colored
man is elected sheriff of Jefferson county,
and colored men are officers in several other
counties in the State of Mississippi; and yet
it is said justice cannot be administered there,
when every judge who sits upon the bench is
allepublican, appointed by a Republican Gov-
ernor and confirmed by a Republican senate.
I repel the charge that justice is not admin-
istered in Mississippi. I assert that the Gov-
ernor of Mississippi when he delivered his
message to the Legislature in January, and
declared that the condition of Mississippi was
peace, told the truth; that when he wrote to
me on the 15th of May, the present month,
declaring that the condition of Mississippi
to-day was peace, that peace reigns through-
out her borders, the Governor, who is a north-
ern man, but who is a citizen of Mississippi
interested in our society, identified with us, a
part of us, a man whom we all respect, and
who is entitled to our respect, told the truth.
1 stated ihe fact that I did not think there
was any necessity for the suspension of the
writ of habeas corpus, that the condition of
Mississippi to-day was one of repose, that if
Congress would allow the people there to do
something toward going forward in the recon-
struction of the State and not attempt to do
everything by legislation, allow time to do its
work, and the effect of this new order of things
to adjust itself, everything would be in Missis-
sippi as we would desire it, and that this in-
tervention and this violent legislation that is
calculated to disturb the repose of the State
and engender hostilities between the races in
the State'is an intervention that no man who is
interested in the peace and prosperity of this
country, either North or South, would desire
to see.
Now, Mr. President, apologizing to the
Senate for the long time that 1 have spoken,
I leave the case.
Mr. BAYARD addressed the Senate in
opposition to the bill, and in examination
of the testimony taken by the joint select
commitee. Having spoken till half past four
o'clock,
Mr. BLAIR. I move that the Senate take
a r«*ess until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no, let us go straight
on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we ought to
agree to the motion. The Senator from Del-
aware is tired. I hope we shall grant him some
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why should we sit here
all night because one Senator is tired?
Mr. SHERMAN. I would not make an
unreasonable requirement.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not unreasonable.
The motion for a recess was not agreed to;
there being, on a division—ayes 16, noes 24.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to some and dis-
agreed to other amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 1070) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1873, asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Prank W. Palmer of Iowa, Mr. Aaron A.
Sargent of California, and Mr. William E.
Niblack of Indiana, managers at the same on
its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 2853) relating to
telegraphic communication between the Uni-
ted States and foreign countries ; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 468) to regulate criminal
practice in the Federal courts;
A bill (S. No. 163) fur the relief of Mrs.
Martha L. House Russell;
A bill (H. R. No. 2406) granting a pension
to Margaret Riley; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1210) granting a pension
to Nathan Morgan.
post office bill.
On motion of Mr. WINDOM, the Senate
proceeded to consider its amendments to the
bill (H. II. No. 1070) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department
for the year ending June 30, 1873, disagreed
to by the House of Representatives, and the
amendments of the House to other amend-
ments of the Senate to the said bill.
On motion of Mr. WINDOM, it was
Jtexolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House,
and agree to the conference asked by the House of
Representatives on the disagreeing votes of the l.ivr
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees oil the part of the
foeuate be appointed by the Vice President.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treas-
uyr, communicating, in compliance with tha
