1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
green bay ship-canal.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
884) extending the time for the completion of
the Green Bay and Sturgeon Bay and Lake
Michigan ship-canal in the State of Wiscon-
sin ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask a favor of the
Senate. The Senate has twice passed that
bill, accompanied with an appropriation of
two hundred thousand acres of land for the
State of Wisconsin. The State has become
satisfied, since we have fallen upon these
parsimonious dispositions, that Congress will
grant no more land for that purpose. This is
a bill simply to extend the time for completing
the canal without any grant. I have shown it
to the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands; I have shown it to the Senator from
California, [Mr. Casserly,] who is a member
of that committee, and they both find it unob-
jectionable. It is very desirable that it should
pass before our Legislatures meet, in order
that they may legislate to prevent tresjiasses
on these lands. They are in the neighborhood
of the burnt district, and I ask the Senate to
unanimously consider that bill at the present
time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which proposes to extend the
time for the completion of the Green Bay and
Sturgeon Bay and Lake Michigan ship-canal
to the 10th day of April, 1874.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
improvement ob columbia river.
Mr. CORBBTT submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instructed
to furnish to the Senate any information on file in
bis Department as to the cost of the necessary im-
provement of the Columbia river near and below
•the mouth of the Willametto, and the removal of
obstructions in the Columbia river above Celilo,
Oregon.
life-saving stations on jersey coast.
Mr. STOCKTON submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury he
directed to furnish to the Senate any information in
his possession in reference to the present condition
of the life-saving stations on the coast of New Jer-
sey and Long Island, including the report of Captain
Faunce; also, what increase has been made in their
number and efficiency since the last session of Con-
gress.
report op columbia institution.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That one thousand additional copies of
the last annual report of the Columbia Institution
for the Deaf and Dumb be printed for the use of the
president of the institution.
ar11y register.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
Senate one thousand copies of the Army Register
to be published in January, 1872.
drainage op beaver lake.
Mr. PRATT submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to communicate to the Senate all informa-
tion in his possession connected with the drainage
of Beaver lake, situate in Newton (formerly Jasper)
county, in the State of Indiana: when, by whom, at
what cost, and under what authority, the lake was
drained; how much land not included in the ori-
ginal public surveys has been laid bare and made
dry inconsequence of such drainage; the probable
value of the land reclaimed, with and without the
improvements placed thereon,and the profits realized
from its occupancy; what persons are in possession of ,
the same, and by what right or claim of right; what
other persons not in possession lay olaim to the same,
and by what claim of title; whether since the drain-
age the bed of the lake so laid bare has been sur-
veyed. and if not, why not; how much of the ori-
ginal bed of the lake still remains covered by water,
and the practicability of further draining the same;
what legal proceedings have been had in the courts
or before the Commissioner of the General Land
Office by the claimants to determine their title, and
what decisions have been made in the premises; also,
what further legislation, in his opinion, is necessary
to enable said Commissioner to dispose of said land,
and adjust the conflicting claims thereto, provided
the United States have any title to the bed of the
lake, under the principle named by the Supreme
Court of the United States in Pollard, lessee, vs.
Hagan et al„ 3 Howard's Reports, page 212,
iron ship-building yards.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That so much of the report of the Score
tary of the Navy as refers to the establishing of iron
ship-building yards and docks be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and that they be
directed to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing an iron ship-building yard and docks at some
point m the Mississippi valley, and report by bill or
otherwise.
ship-building.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That so much of the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury as refers to the establishment
and continuance of ship-building in tbe United
States, and to the means for obtaining the control
of such proportion at least of the commerce of the
world as is derived from the export of the products
of this country and the importation of merchandise
required for domestic consumption, be referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and that said commit-
tee be directed to inquire into the expediency of
paying a premium per ton upon American-built iron
steamers.
the tariff question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business seems to have concluded.
Mr. WILSON. I think every Senator has
had all he wants, or ought to have, in the
shape of morning business this morning, and
now I desire to call up the joint resolution
from the House of Representatives in relation
to the pay of laborers in the Government ser-
vice. I hope the Senate will take it up and
dispose of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to make an
inquiry, and perhaps a motion, which I suppose
will be proper during the reception of morn-
ing business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In regard to
the morning business?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir, as it would
be a motion which I suppose would be proper
to be made now if it is inade at all. I desire
to inquire of the chairman of the Committee
on Finance when we may expect a report from
that committee on the bills which came from
the House of Representatives at the last ses-
sion of Congress repealing the duties upon
coal and salt. The Senate will remember that
we could not consider those bills at the former
session under a rule that prevented any action
upon them, and at the close of the session
they were referred with a mass of other bills
to the Committee on Finance. Now, I desire
to inquire of the chairman of the Committee
on Finance whether we may expect those bills
to be reported back before the holidays or at
a very early day '?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am authorized by the
Committee on Finance to say that they are
prepared to report the amendments to those
bills which they intend to propose to the Sen-
ate. We were prepared to do it at the begin-
ning of the session, but we withheld our report
on the ground, first, that the Committee of Ways
and Means of the other House had never passed
upon the bills which were sent to us by the
House of Representatives; and in the next place
we doubted very much whether we could re-
port amendments coextensive with the entire
subject-matter of those bills ; that is to say,
we doubted whether, under our power to pro-
pose amendments, we could propose amend-
ments to tariff bills that would affect internal
revenue. Our inquiries have extended to the
whole subjeetof taxation, and our amendments
cover the whole subject of internal and exter-
nal taxes. The committee, therefore, after con-
siderable discussion, concluded that it would
be advisable to postpone any report until the
Committee of Ways and Means had had an
opportunity to present the subject in the House
of Representatives.
I will, however, say that if the Senate desire
and wish to have a report from the Finance
Committee of those bjlls, at any time that its
vote indicates that fact I shall be prepared to
make the report; but I do not wish to do it,
and it is the judgment of the Committee on
Finance that it ought not to be done at present,
and until the House of Representatives have
had the opportunity to develop a little further
what they intend to propose on this subject of
taxation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I desire,
then, after this statement of the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, to give notice that
I will move to-morrow morning, if the oppor-
tunity offers, to discharge the Committee on
Finance from the further consideration of the
bills from the House of Representatives re-
pealing the duty on coal and the duty on salt;
and I wish to say to the Senator from Ohio
that I entirely concur with him that it is incom-
petent, under the action taken by the two
Houses, for the Committee on Finance to
undertake to attach a general tariff bill to
those two bills.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not say that. On
the contrary, I never have heard a suggestion
denying that we had ample power to say that
instead of repealing certain duties we would
repeal others. We can, undoubtedly, propose
amendments coextensive with the whole tariff
question. There are several precedents of
that kind. I suppose that no one would doubt
that under our power to amend a bill wecould
propose any amendment that would be perti-
nent and parliamentary. The. doubt we had
was this: as the internal and external taxes
are part of one great system, is it advisable to
take up the tariff question separately from the
consideration of the question of internal rev-
enue taxation? We thought that perhaps it
would not be proper for us to propose amend
rnents of the internal revenue taxation on a
bill sent to us from the House of Represent-
atives about the tariff. I have no doubt at all
about our power to propose any amendment
coextensive with the whole tariff legislation
of Congress, on the bills now before us.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. WILSON ad-
dressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Massachusetts claims the floor, the Sen-
ator from Illinois has given notice of his inten-
tion to-morrow 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to reply to the
suggestion of the Senator from Ohio, and will
take but a moment. The Senator from Ohio
did not quite understand me. I understood
the Senate at the last session to take this
position: that a bill to repeal a duty or a tax
was not a bill for the purpose of raising reve-
nue. The House of Representatives, however,
disagreed with us on that. Now. here is a
bill simply to repeal the duty on salt, if you
please. On that bill to repeal the duty on •
salt, it not being a bill for the purpose of rais-
ing revenue according to the understanding
of the Senator, it would be improper for the
Senate to undertake to attach a general reve
nue bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I never heard that
claimed.
ETGIIT-nOUR LA"W,
Mr. WILSON. I now Insist on my motion
to take up House joint resolution No. 47.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 47)
