1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2809
There was found to be due to the State of
Kentucky on 24th June, 1871, by the account-
ing officers of the Treasury on the tenth in-
stallment, $525,258 72, as shown by the cer-
tificate of the Third Auditor of the Treasury
of that date, and for which amount a requisi-
tion was issued upon that day to John M.
Brodhead, Second Comptroller of the Treas*
ury. Comptroller Brodhead, with that vigil-
ance and integrity which has always marked
the discharge of his duty, was unwilling to
act until he should again refer the character
of service, with its proofs, to the Secretary of
War for his recognition and approval under
the act of 27th July, 1861. Accordingly the
following communication was addressed on
29th June, 1871, by him to the Secretary of
War:
Treasury Depaetment,
Second Comptroller's Office,
June 29, 1871,
In the matter of the claim of the State of Ken-
tucky, for reimbursement of the sum of $525,258 72
paid to State militia, for services rendered during
the years (part of 1863,) 1864,1865, and a part of
1866.
Sir: It is claimed by the State that the troops
above referred to, and generally known as State
capital guards, home guards, and State infantry,
■were actually employed in the military service of
the United States by order of the authority of the
President or Secretary of War, as prescribed by the
rules of the Secretary of the Treasury. (See copy
herewith.)
By reference to the decision of the Secretary of
War, dated July 9,1867, (see copy herewith,) it mil
he seen that the home guards called temporarily
into the military service of the United States in the
autumn of 1861 for a specific service, and in Octo-
ber, 1861, disbanded, were by the Secretary of War
regarded as actually employed in the service of the
United States.
The abstracts Nos. 1 to 7, inclusive, show the
amount of payments, periods of service, and char-
acter and designation of troops.
Inclosures marked A, 13, G, D, contain the evi-
dence of military officers of the above-described
organizations as to character of services performed
and by whose order rendered.
The affidavit of Governor Palmer, late major gen-
eral United States volunteers, relates to services
subsequent to the close of the war; of Brigadier
General Burbridge and other United States officers,
as to services ana by whose order.
The question now presented to the Secretary of
War for opinion is this: were the troops above
mentioned and as described by their respective
organizations, and for the period of scrvice stated,
M actually employed in the service of the United
States under proper or legal authority? '*
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. M. BRODHEAD,
Comptroller.
Hon. W. W. Belknap, Secretary of War.
Inclomres.
Letters A, B, C, D.
Abstract with rolls. Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7.
Rules of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Upon the day following the War Depart-
ment made the following indorsement:
Adjutant General's Oefice,
June 30,1871.
Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.
In the absence of muster-rolls of the forces for
which the reimbursement is claimed, the said forces
cannot be connected with any authorization from
the President or Secretary of War, for their call
into the service of the United States in the years
1803, (part,) 1864.1865, and 1866, (part.)
Accepting, however, the affidavit of Hon. Thomas
E. Bramlette, late Governor, and the indorsement
on it ol General Sherman, the statement of Gen-
eral Lindsey, late assistant quartermaster general
Kentucky, wherein the forces are designated and
enumerated; the statement of Governor Palmer,
of IUiuois, late major general volunteers; and the
other evidence referred to inclusive of inclosures
marked A, B, C, D, it is respectfully recommended
that the troops be recognized as having been em-
ployed in the service of the United {States, that
recognition being deemed necessary by the Treasury
Department, in order that the claims may be allowed
under the act of July 27, 1861, to indemnify the
States for expenses incurred by them in defense of
the United States.
THOMAS M. VINCENT,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Approved:
WM. W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of War.
On receiving this recognition Comptroller
Brodhead admitted and certified the above
balance of $525,258 72 on the 30th day of
June, 1871, as due the State of Kentucky,
upon which a settlement requisition No. 7156
was issued by the War Department* directed
to the Secretary of the Treasury, directing a
warrant for $525,258 72 to be issued to the
State of Kentucky as due on settlement, as per
certificate of Second Comptroller No. 6827:
upon which the Treasury Department drew its
check on the Treasurer of the United States,
payable to the Governor of Kentucky, for the
amount of $525,258 72, bearing date June 30,
1871. In the absence of Hon. George S. Bout-
well in Massachusetts at this period, and the
absence of Assistant Secretary Richardson in
Europe, this check was signed by J. F. Hartley,
acting Secretary of the Treasury. After sign-
ing it, he, however, declined to deliver it to the
agent of Kentucky until Mr. Boutwell's return.
Upon that day the appropriation to pay
debts under the act of July 27. 1861, expired.
Mr. Boutwell returned in a few days, and de-
clined in a written paper to deliver the check
or pay the claim. His refusal rests on two
grounds:
1. That as the troops for whom reimburse-
ment is asked were not called out at the request
or under the authority of the President or Sec-
retary of War, and as they were not actually
mustered into the service of the United States,
a rule prescribed by Secretary Chase for the
execution of the act of 27th July, 1861, is a
bar to the claim ;
" Rules for the preparation and settlement at the
Treasury Department, under acts of Congress ap-
proved July 17,18Q1, and July 27,1861, of claims for
reimbursement of expenses properly incurred by the
States respectively, on account ot their troops em-
ployed in aidingto suppress the present insurrection
against the United States." ,
* * # * * sj: *
"2. It ia only for expenditures on account of troops,
officers, or men that have been or may be mustered
and received into or actually employed in the ser-
vice of the United States that reimbursements will
be made. Nor will any reimbursement be made by
the United States of expenses incurred in organiz-
ing, equipping, and maintaining troops for State
purposes, or home guard, whether called out by
State or other local authority, unless such troops
were called out, and such expenditures incurred at
the request or under the authority of the President
or the Secretary of War,"
2. That this act. of 27th of July, 1861, has
received a legislative construction by an act
approved 17thJuly, 1862, (Statutes, volume 12,
page 600,) entitled " An act to allow and pay
to the State of Missouri the amount of money
expended by said State in the arming and pay-
ing of troops employed in the suppression of
the insurrection against the laws of the United
States;" and also an act approved 17th April,
1866, (11 Statutes-at-Large, page 88,) entitled
"An act to reimburse the State of Missouri for
moneys expended for the United States in en-
rolling, equipping, and transporting militia
State forces to aid in suppressing the rebel
lion," which authorizes the appointment of
commissioners to ascertain the amount of
money expended by the State of Missouri on
that behalf.
The State of Kentucky sought, through its
constituted authority, in the exercise of ori-
ginal jurisdiction by the Supreme Court of the
United States, a peremptory writ of man-
damus to compel the Secretary of the Treasury
to deliver to that Commonwealth the warrant
for §225,258 72, to which it was entitled, as
already alluded to. This application was fully
argued and heard by the Supreme Court, aud
finally denied.
The court rested its judgment of refusal
upon two grounds:
First That inasmuch as the warrant signed
by acting Secretary Hartley was not delivered
to the agent- of Kentucky, but alter being signed
on the 30th of June, 1871, by him, was, by an
alleged agreement between said aeling Secre-
tary and said agent, retained for the approval
of Secretary Boutwell on his return in July,
1871, and upon such return said Boutwell de-
clined to deliver said warraut, but canceled the
same, the original warrant was therefore not
susceptible of a delivery.
Secondly. The court declined to order the
Secretary to deliver a new warrant to Ken-
tucky, because Congress on the 12th of July,
1870, declared that on and after the 1st of
July, 1871, all appropriations for claims aris-
ing under the act of 27th of July, 1861, should
cease. As, therefore, this application for a
mandamus was not made until the appropri-
ation for refunding to States expenses incurred
in raising volunteers during the late rebellion
had been withdrawn, and there was no money
in the Treasury to pay the claim, it would be
unjust to issue it.
The court in its opinion do not, therefore,
sustain the Secretary of the Treasury in his
construction of the act of 27th July, 18G1,
that the State troops for which compensation
was agreed to be paid by the United States
in that act, were to be called out at the request
or under the authority of the President or the
Secretary of War. Still less do the court
sustain the Secretary in hia alleged right to
review the findings of the accounting officers
of the Treasury as to the amount due. Nor do
the court intimate that said claim is not just
and accurate in every particular. So far from
it, the court say that if there had been money
in the Treasury appropriated to pay this claim,
it would be an important question whether the
court would not have ordered the Secretary of
the Treasury to deliver to Kentucky another
warrant in place of tLe one canceled.
I have no disposition to criticise the course
which the Secretary of the Treasury thought
proper to pursue in upholding this warrant.
I choose rather to persuade myself that he
deemed himself actuated by a sense of fru-
gality and high official duty in refusing to pay
over to a State a debt found to be justly due
by the accounting officers of the Treasury, to
whom by law the exclusive auditing of that
eiaim had been confided.
The Secretary of the Treasury, however,
places his decision, made on 2d August, 1871,
refusing to deliver the warrant drawn by the
War Department in favor of Kentucky, upon
grounds which cannot, in my judgment, be
maintained. I therefore propose briefly to
review this most extraordinary ruling.
I utterly deny the construction placed upon
the act of 27th July, 1861, by Secretary Bout-
well or any of his predecessors. That act con-
ferred no power upon any Secretary of -the
Treasury to prescribe rules, restrictions, or
limitations inconsistent with or antagonistic
to the plain intent and effective operation of
that act.  
By its terms the Secretary of the Treasury
wa§ directed, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to pay to the
Governor of any State the costs, charges, aud
expenses properly incurred by such State for
enrolling, subsisting, clothing, supplying, arm-
ing, equipping, paying, and transporting its
troops employed in aiding to suppress the pres-
ent insurrection against the United States, to
be settled upon proper vouchers to be filed and
passed upon by the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury. This law was passed in the
dark hour of the nation's need. It was ap-
proved but seven days after the disaster at Bull
llun. It was passed at a moment when the
Government, for its preservation, clamorously
demanded of the loyal States every man they
could furnish. The act was an agreement to
indemnify for the past, and a proposition for
services and assistance on the part of the States
in the future, which became a contract when
acted on by a State for indemnity for expenses
incurred by them in defense of the United
Slates.
There was no precedent condition that the
State troops for which Congress contracted
by this act to pay should be first "mustered
into the service of the United States" or be
called for by the President or Secretary of
War. By no means. The public necessities
of the hour justified no such delay. All State
troops, whenever or however raised, if em-
ployed in suppressing the rebellion, were, by
the express terms ot this act, entitled to the
indemnity of this act. No doubt could exist
as to the object and intendment of this law.
