1872.
THiE C0NGR5SSI0^4k -GLOBE.
mt
tion, yet though the proposition is in itself one en-
tirely contradictory to our past doctrine and prac-
tice, I feel very sure that the more it is considered,
the more it will commend itself to the acceptance
of the American legislator. Of oourse, I agree that
un8er the code of nations, at least as declared and
adhered to by England and the United States, it has
become settled law that a neutral is at liberty-to
furnish and even carry arms and munitions of war
to a belligerent, taking his chance by the way of
forfeiting his commercial adventure by belligerent
capture for contraband of war."
This is wise and humane. But I raise no
question now of limiting the merchant. My
desire is to show the impolicy of countenancing
any extension of this license to the nation.
Since the case of the Swedish ships, I know
no instance where a nation has been called in
question for selling arms to a belligerent. For
the first time has the United States within my
knowledge fallen under suspicion of violating
the requirement of neutrality on this subject.
Such seems to be our present position. We are
under suspicion. What I propose is a search-
ing inquiry, according to the magnitude of the
interests involved, to ascertain if this is with-
out just grounds.
The statement I now make is in the dis-
charge of a public duty. I have tried to avoid
all allusion to individuals, except so far as
they may be mixed with the facts adduced.
To the facts and the law I refer, and here I
lea ve the case.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, J feel con-
strained by a sense of duty to the War Depart-
ment, with which I have had such intimate
official and personal relations for many years,
briefly to notice the allegations made against
it. The love of fair play has ever been a
marked characteristic of the race to which we
belong. Boyhood in its sports, and manhood
in its achievements, aKke respe«t and applaud
it. Fair-minded men everywhere demand it
and pronounce it "a jewel." That manly
quality should ever be manifested in these
chambers of high debate and legislation.
During the seventeen years I have held a
seat in this body I have never sought to shield
political friend or accuse political foe unjustly.
1 have never striven to protect political friends
guilty of peculations or defalcations, nor to
Recuse political foes of peculations or defal-
cations unless the evidences of their miscon-
duct -were apparently well founded. Words
uttered in these Chambers against the integ-
rity and honor of our fellow-men are greed-
ily caught up and flashed over the country.
They remain upon the record when we have
passed away. Justice and charity alike de-
mand that in these positions of high respons-
ibility we should be careful in our utterances,
for they may blast the hopes and blight the
good name of honorable men.
We are living, sir, at a time when the peo-
ple are more than ever before sensitive and
watchful. The extraordinary developments
in the city of New York during the last six
months, and the ignominious defeat and dis-
honor of the Tammany thieves, have made
the people suspicious and jealous. These
feelings have been increased by the revela-
tions that come to ns from some portions of
the reconstructed States, where some men
intrusted with high duties have proved them-
selves faithless and corrupt. Accusations
against the integrity of public men are readily
made, greedily devoured and believed. Tri-
fles light as air arouse suspicions and confirm
accusations. It might be well for us, and
for the press, with its omnipotent power, to
he guided in times like these by justice and
trutn, and that sense of fair play that even
prize-fighters respect.
I am in favor of this investigation. I hope
it will be thorough and complete. I do not
rise for the purpose of justifying the sales of
arms, but simply to state the facts. When the
war closed we had hundreds of thousands of
arms that had cost, with other war material,
hundreds of millions of dollars. Congress
authorized the War Department to dispose of
this material of waj. We had powder t,o sell,
arms to sell, wagons to sell, every kind of1 war
material to sell. Beginning in 1865, we sold
ap to the 1st day of July, 1870, $.5,249,817 36
worth of war material. From the 1st day of
July, 1870,,to the ,80th of June, 1871, the De-
partment sold to the value of $9,852,325 £5.
From the 1st of July, 1879, to ,the 30tfi of
June, 1871, the War Department deposited, in
the Treasury of the United States $9,737-,437 70,
for which it has certificates of deposit, leav-
ing $114,887 68 in the hands of the officers
of the War Department. Not a single dollar
has been misappropriated or lost, but every
dollar is accounted for.
The amount sold by this Government from
the 1st of April, 1865, to the 80th day of June,
1871, was $15,102,142 81. The United States \
Government has never lost one dollar of it, j
and there is no occasion whatever, hers or
abroad, to cast any imputations upon the War
Office or to excite suspicions against it. The
property was sold and the money is in the
Treasury, and the records of the Treasury and
War Departments show it. So much f®r this
matter, supposed to involve the integrity of
the War Department.
The Department had offers from the minis-
ter of the Prussian Government to sell ass,
or rather to allow agents to purchase arms. It
refused to do it. It had offers from French
agents, and refused to sell, and never sold arms
to any man known to be an agent of France
or Prussia. When in October, 1870, after a
sale had been made to Remington, a dispatch
was received that he was an agent of the Gov-
ernment of France, the sale was disallowed.
I state here on good authority, and I believe it
to be true, that the War Department had no
knowledge whatever then that Richardson was
the authorized agent of Remington, or acted
for him. We had the arms to sell; we sold
them; obtained the highest price we could for
them, and put the money in the Treasury,
Now, the question may be raised—and on
that question I have nothing to say—that the
Government ought to have been more careful
to whom it sold; that they ought to have seen
to it that no citizen of the United States to
whom they sold arms should sell those arms
to anybody engaged in war. So far as the
Government sales were concerned, I believe
on my conscience—and I say it after the most
careful scrutiny—that the sales wore made pre-
cisely as they had been for the five previous
years; that every dollar has been strictly
accounted for, and not a farthing misspent
or lost. I may be misinformed, I may be
deceived. The investigation that we all favor
will settle that question, beyond all doubt.
Mr. SCHURZ. May I put a question to
my friend 1
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. SCHURZ. Inasmuch as he seems to
have investigated the case, I suppose he can
give information to the Senate about the origin
of the discrepancy between tie report of the
Secretary of War and of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. WILSON. The report of the Secretary
of War states that he sold ten million dollars'
worth in round numbers. He sold less than
that. The statement in the report of the Secre-
tary of War is that they sold about ten million
dollars' worth.
Mr. MORTON. He does not pretend to
make an exact statement.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me one moment, I have it before me. That
statement is not in the tabular, but merely in
the narrative part of the report. Narrating in
a general way, generalizing, he says:
" During the fiscal year small-arms and ordnance
stores to the amount of $10,000,WO have been sold,
and the entire proceeds," me.
There is no table here, and no pretense ■of aa
accurate statement. : =
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator from New
York allow me ? Figuring up the report.-of
the Secretary .of Wat rendered to Congre«sk>n
J^njiajy £4, it sows up to aboat nine million
eight hundred thousand dollars—a little less.
Mr. WILSON. The amount of ^les was
$3,852,325 45, and the amount deposited, in
the Treasury was $9,737,437 77, leavingia
the hands of the officers of the War Depart-
ment ^a.14,88'7 68. This amount waa depos-
ited in the Department.
Mr. CONKLING. In what Department? .
Mr. WILSON. In the Treasury. Depart-
ment. This amount was deposited with yie
Treasurer, and triplicate certificates of depos-
its given therefor. The evidences of these de-
posits exist, may be examined, and the facts
verified. . „
Mr. SCHURZ. Now, if I may be permitted
a word, if I understand my friend from Massa-
chusetts correctly, the Secretary of War has
receipts in his hands to the fall amount of
$9,737,000 for that year, while all that is opt
accounted for in the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury. "What I was inquiring abcipt
was how thisdiscrepancy originated; what was
the cause of it?
Then another question which I would like
to put to my friend from Massachusetts, who
can probably give a satisfactory reply, is thi£
a comparison between tlie two reports for the
two last fiscal years shows a discrepa#cyo|i
this same heftd of ordnance stores of
If it were accounted for in the same way,, of
course it would overlap from one year into the
other, and something aught to occur in the
reports of the Treasury Department to sypw
where this money is, at least that which CQ.u-
stituted the deficiency of the previous yea?*.
Mr. WILSON. There is no defi«|n,cy
whatever last year or the year before.. These
differences are apparent, not real. Ihe raoiiey
is deposited in the Treasury, and certificates
of deposit given, but the money may noti.teve
been covered into the Treasury when the Sec-
retary made up his reports. That I under-
stand to be the fact in this case, bat the
money is there, and'the evidences to snow it
are in both the Treasury and the War Depart-
ments. Not a.dollar; ao, not one dollar has
been misused or lost, . .
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I understand
th.e fact to be that tie report of the Secretary
of the Treasury is made up to the aOUi ot
June, while that of the Secretary of yi as is
made up to sometime in October.
Mr. SCHURZ. The question I was putting
last was this; there having been a deficiency
occurring in the last fisoal year, not ,tlus,
amounting to something over a million, it ought
to appear in the account of .the Secretary o}
the Treasury of this-fiscal year, or rather |he
fiscal year last reported; but as .it is we Ana
two deficiencies which uavo occurred daring
the last two fiscal years, amounting to about
two million six hundred thousand dollars,
which ought to appear somewhere or other Mi
the accounts. " ■'
Mr. WILSON. I say to the Senator that
from the 1st day of January, 1869, to the
Slst day of December, 1869, the amount ot
arms sold was $2,044,438 08; that from the 1st
day of January to the 1st day of Jvtne> 1 ch Vt
the amount .sold, was $816,362 18, JPftkiilg
about two million eight hundred and f'Sity
thousand dollars sold in the eighteen iiiq^oB
preceding "the 1st day of July, 1870, 8&d ®v®ry
dollar of it was p t into the Treasury, a s um
a dollar lost to anybody.
From the 1st day ef April, 1865, to the 30th
o£ June, 1870, the sales of ordnance^ ord-
nance stores were $5,249,817 S6,«ndthewholo
of that amount was deposited '"rie
The entire sales frojn April.1, J8w  to July ,
1871. were $15,102,143 81. Of this amount
there has been deposited w the Treasury «
sum of $14,987,255 13, leaving $lH 8fc 6f in
the hands: of ,the officers of the War Depart-
ment fully wspnnted for. Ihe entire pro
