2810
THE C ONGKESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
April 26,
By what warrant of authority and with what
pretense of right could any Secretary of the
Treasury narrow its terms or limit its opera-
tion? What Secretary or other official pos-
sessed the power to abridge, limit, change, or
modify a statute passed by the Congress of
the United States? Its terms were too simple
and plain to need the aid of constructions.
The duty imposed upon the Secretary of the
Treasury was to pay, not to interpolate words
or in any other mode to limit or abiidge the
direct object of so plain and simple an enact-
ment; and yet Secretary Boutweil insists that
the regulation of his predecessor was that it is
only for expenditures on account of troops,
officers, and men, that have been or may be
mustered and received into or actually em-
ployed in the service of the United States, that
reimbursements will be made, nor will any
reimbursement be made by the United States
of expenses incurred in organizing, equipping,
and maintaining troops for State purposes, or
home guards, whether called out by"State or
other local authority, unless such troops were
called out and such expenditures incurred at
the request or under the authority of the Pres-
ident or Secretary of War.
This regulation was not a construction of
the statute; it was an addendum to the stat-
ute ; clearly a new enactment.
But, Mr. President, it is not necessary that
I should insist, upon my construction in oppo-
sition to that of the Secretary of the Treasury.
The character ot the troops, the kind of ser-
vice rendered by them in each State, was a
matter of proof to be determined by the War
Department. If a State had raised home
guards, and that State preferred to exhibit
under this act of 1801 charges for outlays in
arming, equipping, and transporting those
troops, it was a question to be decided by the
War Department whether they came within
the statute ol 18(il, and not by (lie Secretary
ot the Treasury. Accordingly, iu 18G0, this
question was made. When the claims of Ken-
tucky for this character of troops were pre-
ferred, the Secretary ot the Treasury referred
the question to the War Department, and Sec-"
retary Stanton, then Secretjvry of War, decided
that although not oidered by either the Pres-
ident or the Secretary of War, if they had been
calted suddenly into service by any United
States commander within the vicinity where
that service was demanded the State was enti-
tled to compensation. That solemn adjudi-
cation of Secretary Stanton was reaffirmed;
and again before this claim was audited, Mr.
Brodhead, as I have already read, submitted
it to the War Office and received their written
direction that the troops for whose services
this pay was demanded were within the spirit
and letter of the act of 1801, and were entitled
to be paid. 1 have already read that adjudi-
cation.
Now, I say the Secretary of War having
settled the question, it was not competent for
the Secretary of the Ireasury to refuse pay-
ment upon that ground ; still less was it com-
petent for the Secretary of the Treasury to go
behind the balance which had been found due
by every accounting officer of the Treasury,
including not only the subordinates, but the
Comptroller, and for which a requisition had
been issued by the War Department in solemn
rr ■a check drawn upou the Treasurer
of the United States.
Congress, in making this appropriation and
directing the Secretary of the Treasury to pay,
conferred upon him no authority to supervise
the findings of an independent department of
this Government. When the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury had found a certain bal-
ance due a State for troops furnished upon
vouchers presented and filed, his simple duty
was to pay the claim, not to go behind the
accounts as finally settled and rendered in the
ireasury Department, and still less to under-
take to review the finding of the War Depart-
ment, saying, "You have said these troops
come within the law of 1861, but I choose to
say that they do not."
Sir, in view of this assumption of authority,
this question assumes far greater moment than
the mere pittance which Kentucky asks. She
asks nothing but what is her due. She asks
nothing but what the Treasury Department
and the War Department have solemnly adju-
dicated to be her due. She asks nothing but
what has been settled and for which a warrant
was drawn ready to be delivered to her. But
if the Senate are prepared to say that under
this simple act directing the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay this amount he is clothed
with authority to undertake to review .the find-
ings of the War Department, that he is clothed
with authority to set aside the findings of the
accounting officers of the Treasury, then he is
clothed with far greater power than the Pres-
ident or any other officer of this Government.
Why, sir, as far back as 1841 this question
came before the Supreme Court of the United
States in the case of the United States vs.
Bank of the Metropolis, reported in 15 Whea-
ton, page 400. That was a case where the
Post Office Department had given out a con-
ditional acceptance to Mr. Reeside*for services
performed and to be performed by him. A
contest grew up whether against that accept-
ance certain alleged indebtedness of his for
fines imposed by the Post Office Department
should not be set up, and that gave rise to the
question how far it was competent for one
Postmaster General to look into or undo the
acts of another. The Supreme Court say :
" The third instruction asked the court to say,
among other tilings, it the credits given by Mr.
.Barry were for extra allowances, which the said
Postmaster (reneral was not legally authorized to
allow, then it was the duty of the present Postmas-
ter General to disallow such items of credit. The
successor of Mr. Barry bad the same power, and no
more, than his predecessor, and the power of the
tonner did not extend to the recall of credits or
allowances made by Mr. Barry, if he acted within
the scope ot official authority given by law to the
head ot the Department. This right in an incumbent
ol reviewing a predecessor's decisions extend to
mistake,* in matters of fact arising from errors in
calculations, and to cases of rejected claims, in
which material testimony is afterward discovered
and pioduced. But if a credit has been given, or
an allowance made, as these were, by the head of a
Department, and it is alleged to be an illegal allow-
ance, the judicial tribunals of the country must
Oo resorted to to construe the law under which the
allowance was made, and to settle the rights be-
tween the United States and the party to whom the
credit was given."
In the case of ex parte R. P. Randall, he
was a purser of the Navy, and settled his
accounts with the Navy Department under the
Secretary of the Treasury. A change of Ad-
ministration occurred ; that of John Quincy
Adams went out and that of General Jackson
eaine in. Mr. Randall's accounts were re-
audited by Mr. Kendall and a balance was
found due against him. Upon that a distress
warrant was issued. He "was arrested and
brought before Judge Marshall, and Philip B
Baroour, then district judge of the United
otates, in Richmond, upon a writ of habeas cor-
pus. J he question was there presented upou
the question of his imprisonment on that war-
rant; whether the first settlement of his ac-
counts were not final, and whether it was
competent for Amos Kendall afterward to
reexamine them and to reaudit them, thouah
he might have been satisfied they were mis-
taken. Judge Marshall and Judge Barbour
both agreed in holding that the first settlement
was final, and discharged Lieutenant Randall
from that arrest.
But I am not left to any conjecture on this
subject Congress, perceiving the importance
of this question, has adjudicated upon it, and
passed an act making the settlement of the
accounting officers of the Treasury final. In
order that 1 may be understood 1 refer to the
act of July 2i, 1861, which prescribes that the
expenses incurred are   to be settled upon
proper vouchers, to be filed and passed upon
by the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury. Such vouchers must be for expenses
incurred by the respective States for enrolling,
subsisting, paying, and transporting troops!
They may be State troops, they may be State
guards ; but if they are employed in the service
of the United States, if they are commanded
by United States officers with the consent of
the State and render active service, then, under
that act, no doubt can remain that the State is
entitled to compensation. Whether such ser-
vice was rendered cannot be known by the
Treasury Department; it can only be known
ana determined by the War Department; and
I have already shown that it had been three
times decisively and authoritatively settled
that the troops for which pay is asked and for
which pay was allowed by the War Depart-
ment did render actual service to the State of
Kentucky, and were commanded by United
States officers.
Now, my proposition is that the Secretary
of the Treasury possesses no lawful authority
to revise any finding of any Department where
a claim has been audited, where it has been
certified, where the proof has been examined
and concluded. He possesses no lawful author-
ity, either in his own Department or in a co-
ordinate department, to go beyond those find-
ings, to say that he will set up his judgment
against the judgment of those whom the act
itself prescribes shall be the only officers to
find what amount is due. the accounting officers
of the Treasury.
The act of September 2, 1789, section five,
makes it the duty of the Auditor '' to receive
all public accounts, and after examination to
certify the balance and transmit the accounts,
with the vouchers and certificates, to the Comp-
troller for his decision thereon;" and it is
provided "that if any person whose accouuts
shall be so audited be dissatisfied therewith,
he may, within six months, appeal to the Comp-
troller against such settlement." By section
three of the same act it is made the duty
of the Comptroller " to examine all accounts
settled by the Auditor, and certify the balances
arising thereon to the Register ;" and by sec-
tion six the duty of the Register is defined
to be '* to receive from the Comptroller the
accounts which shall have been finally adjusted,
and to preserve such accounts with their vouch-
ers and certificates.'3 By a further provision
the Register was to furnish the Secretary with
copies of the Comptroller's certificates of bal-
ances, and the moneys so found due were to
be drawn from the Treasury by warrants from
the Secretary, countersigned by the Comp-
tro|.or and recorded by the Register.
lhe act of 18/1 preserves the system of the
auditing and revising of accounts established
by the act of 1789. Some of the duties were
transferred and distributed among other offi-
fi?rS\ j-'le sec'*on makes it the duty of
the Auditors named to receive from the Sec-
ond Comptroller the accounts which shall have
een finally adjusted, and to preserve such
accounts, with their vouchers, certificates, &c.
ihe act of February 21, 1819, transferred the
settlement of accounts arising out of Indian
Hairs from the Fifth to the Second Auditor,
who is directed to receive from the Comp-
.f j 6 acc.ounts that shall have been finally
a justed, and preserve such accounts with
their vouchers and certificates.
there are very many acts of Congress con-
rrmg special powers upon the accounting or
0 er officers of the Government in special
cases, and giving a power of revision to the
rresident or some other officer, indicating in
is way that but for such special power no
such right would exist.
^ 'k? act 21st February, 1823, au-
^ W? ?i®lriien t0 " t'le Pr0Per accounting
t to adjust and settle the
latp P S JmS of Daniei D- Tompkins,
late Governor of the State of New York, on
°! rq"!ty and j^tice, subject to the
tboTT " decision of the President of
he United States   The act of March 1,1823,
1 statutes,) made provision for special adjust-
