122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
in relation to pay of laborers, workmen, and
mechanics employed by or on behalf of the
Government of the United States; the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr.
Trumbull, which was to add:
Sec. 2. That the act entitled "An act constituting
eight hours a day's work for all laborers, workmen,
and mechanics employed by or on behalf of the Gov-
ernment of the United States." approved June 25,
1868, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. WILSON. I hope, Mr. President, that
the Senator from Illinois will withdraw that
amendment, and if he desires to test the sense
of the Senate on that question, let a separate
bill be brought in by which we may have the
question settled on its merits. This is a reso-
lution that comes from the House of Repre-
sentatives to correct a mistake which was made
in the construction of the law. It does not
apply wholly to the Springfield workmen,
although they protested against it at the time
and took their pay under protest. It applies
to men employed in other arsenals, and in the
navy-yards, and to several other employes
of the Government. Take the ease of Rock
Island, where a number of workmen were em-
ployed. They worked some fourteen months
and received reduced pay, while the men at the
arsenal at Allegheny, Pennsylvania, never bad
any reduction at all. In several other places
there was no reduction made; in others there
were reductions.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Will the Sen-
ator answer the inquiry, what was the mistake
in the law or the mistake in the construction
of the law which it is proposed to remedy?
Mr. WILSON. The law was passed for the
purpose of making eight hours a day's work.
After the law was passed, in some of the pub-
lic works the superintending officer declared
that the workmen should receive pay not for
a day's work but for eight hours' work, on the
assumption that ten hours constituted a work-
ing day. It was a violation of the law evi-
dently.
Mr. PERRY, of Connecticut. Now, another
question right there. Had not the Attorney
General given an opinion that that construc-
tion was the correct construction, that the
laborer was to be paid according to the amount
of labor done ?
Mr. WILSON. The Attorney General made
a construction on that subject, but. it was over-
ruled by the President of the United States,
who decided otherwise.
Mr. PERRY, of Connecticut. Very well.
Then there was no mistake in the construction
of the law.
Mr. WILSON. The ultimate decision was
contrary to that construction, and this is to
make a correction. One word in regard to the
amount of labor done. I have positive testi-
mony here before me—the testimony of Major
Benton—that the piece-workmen earned as
much and one cent over while working eight
hours a day, and Major Benton also says the
men worked at eight hours a day better than
they ever worked at ten.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear that report.
Mr. WILSON. I will find his letter in a
moment. I will simply say, sir, that I hope
this resolution will pass. I know that it will
accomplish the result, and that under it the
men who had their pay reduced will receive
their proper compensation. After that is done,
■ if Senators desire to bring up the question of
repealing this law it will be a fair subject for
consideration, and we may take it up by itself,
but I do not think it ought to be pat on this
little resolution from tiie House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. CORRETT. Mr. President, I hope
that the amendment offered by the Senator
from Illinois will be adopted if this bill is to
pass. _ I think it is quite time that we repealed
this eight-hour law. I think it has produced
enough nrisehief already among our people,
and particularly in the manufacturing districts,
and in fact in all classes of mechanical labor
where there is competition. There it proves
to be a very great injury. Our mechanics who
are laboring alongside of those engaged on
public works work ten hours and receive only
the same wages that these people obtain who
work eight hours. That creates great dis-
satisfaction, and it prevents improvements,
and it has throughout the country prevented
improvements and advancement of building
throughout all our cities that I know anything
of. It has put a stop to many works that were
in progress. I think if this bill is to be adopted
now it is a good time to repeal this law. I
certainly will not vote for this bill unless the
amendment is attached to it. In order to
repeal this law, and to close this whole matter
up, I am willing to vote for the bill with the
amendment: without it I am opposed to the
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator from Illi-
nois allow me to read an extract from Major
Benton's letter?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois yield for that purpose?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it all be read at the
desk.
Mr. WILSON. I send it to the desk to be
read.
The Secretary read as follows:
National Armory,
Springfield, Massachusetts, August 20,1868.
Sir: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your let-
ter of the 18th instant, inclosing a decision of the Sec-
retary of War in relation to the wages paid to work-
men under the eight-hour system. The ins^ue-
tions will be duly observed. From the 13th of Julv
to the present time the workmen have been work-
ing under the impression that their daily wages, as
well as the price of their piecework, would he the
same as under the ten-hour system, and I desire to
be informed if the rolls can be made out for this
period on this basis. This interpretation of the
eight-hour law I thought was the one generally ac-
cepted in the different Departments of the Govern-
ment, and was the one which I allowed to govern
me until X was otherwise instructed. With thepieee-
workmen the decision of the Secretary of War will
make but little difference, as they have managed
under the old tariff to make quite as much per day
under the eight as under the ten-hour system, while
I believe that the day-workmen have worked harder
and more faithfully under the eight than under
the ten-hour system. I am not, of course, prepared
to say that they have accomplished fully as much
for the Government.
Itather than Iiaye their wages reduced to conform
to the eight-hour day, all the day-workmen have
expressed a wish to work ten hours every twenty-
four, or one day and a quarter, so that the amount
of work turned out hereafter will be the same as
formerly.
_ The pieceworkmen will have the option of work-
ing eight or ten hours, as they may choose, provided
they accomplish as much in the former as in the
latter time.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. G. BBNTOST,
Brevet Colonel Commanding.
Gen. A. B. Dyer, Chief of Ordnance, Washington, D. C.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This letter shows the
folly of this law, if I may so say. None of us,
I suppose, are opposed to the enactment and
maintenance of any law that has a tendency to
elevate labor and to relieve labor from improper
burdens ; but in this case our law has had no
such effect. The men whom it was designed
to benefit do not approve of it, as this letter
shows. It produces unpleasant feelings be-
tween those who are employed in the Govern-
ment service and work eight hours and those
who are outside and work ten. The effect of
the law has not been beneficial upon the labor-
ing interests of the country. On the contrary,
it has created alienation and bad feeling, and
has done no good. It has been construed differ-
ently at different places, as we now see by the
bill which the Senator from Massachusetts has
in charge ; and I think it will be better for
the Government, better for the laboring men,
better for all concerned, to repeal the statute.
I have no opposition to the proposition which
the Senator from Massachusetts has in charge,
and do not wish to embarrass it. I did not
wish to take up any time in the discussion of
the proposition which I submitted; but I
thought that this was the proper place to take
a vote upon it. If nobody wishes to discuss
it, as the Senate understands very well the
effect of this eight-hour law, I thought we
might take the vote upon it at once. If it be
voted down, I shall be entirely satisfied. If it
is to be adopted, let it be adopted with the
provision of the bill of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to produce equality in the various
armories of the country, where it seems in-
equality bas hitherto obtained. I understand
that in my own State, at Rock Island, there
were a number of laborers who were not paid
according to the rule adopted in some other
of the arsenals. I think the rule should be
uniform on the part of the Government. I
have no hostility to the bill which the Senator
from Massachusetts desires to have passed.
1 do not offer this amendment with that view;
but I should like very much to see what the
judgment of the Senate is in reference to the
continuance of a law which has created only
trouble and disagreement and done no good
to a laboring man anywhere.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I shall vote
for the proposition of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, because I think some inequality has
been done in the construction of the law. I
have no doubt that the Attorney General gave
the correct construction of the law, and that it
was a mistake to overrule it; but I am opposed
to the existence of the eight-hour law because
it is a degradation to the workingman. The
man himself should be considered a man equal
to his employer, and allowed to dictate his own
terms, whether he will work eight hours, whether
he will work for a dollar and a half a day or two
dollars and a half a day; and for us here to
step forth and legislate on the subject is utterly
preposterous. Some men are worth double as
much as others. They may be more expert, or
have stronger nerves, or they have stronger
inducements to labor, for the reason that they
may have families who require ten hours or
twelve hours of labor for their support; and
yet it is proposed here to solemnly enact that
eight hours shall constitute a day's work.
Why, Mr. President, there never was a
more preposterous scheme brought forward
for the elevation of the workingmen. How
many will it reach in this country? Not five
per cent, of the workingmen in this country.
Most of the working men of this country own
their farms, or own their workshops, and they
work not only eight hours, but they work ten,
twelve, and many of them fifteen. These men,
ninety-five per cent, of the whole number, do
not want to pay increased taxes in order to
support a few Government employes by less
labor. Now, shall we say that if a man will
only get his Senator or his Representative to
get him employment in the Government work-
shops, he may work only eight hours and get
as much reward as his neighbors obtain by
double that time? Why, sir, if we intend
anything in the way of civil service reform, it
is utterly impossible to accomplish it while we
make employment by the Government of the
United States so great a desideratum. We
must not create an aristocracy of labor, com-
posed solely of those employed by the Govern-
ment. All who want to do the least work for
the largest amount of pay will be crowded
into place by any system which gives counte-
nance to the eight-hour law. The men who
make guns or build ships should have no pre-
ference over the mechanics who shoe horses
or build houses, nor over the men who raise
wheat and corn, and pay taxes.
Mr. President, it is not true that these men
can earn as much iu eight hours as in ten
though ever so industrious and ever so active,
and the statements from our navy-yards, from
Our arsenals, as I obtained them on a previous
occasion when I_ discussed this subject, exhib-
ited the reverse in a strong light. Some of the
men that have these places in charge declined
to furnish the information lest it might work
some injury to themselves. They are very fas-
tidious about giving information on this sub-
