1914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
beneficial system of improvements, nor would
I deny any portion of our newly settled fron-
tier tbe advantages enjoyed by my own State,
whose gigantic strides to her present proud
position among the States is so triumphantly
instanced in proof of the beneficial results of
the land-grant policy, but I beg to remind gen-
tlemen that all that growth, that increase in
population, has not been properly attributed
to that cause. It is forgotten in making these
estimates that at and before the time when
these land grants were made a volume of immi-
gration was pouring into that State which
only needed lo be continued for a short time
to make her an empire. That immigration, itis
true, has largely increased by means of the
more easy access to tbe State, but such a
large portion of it is due to the cheap lands
and superior inducements offered for settle-
ment there, independent of the railroad influ-
ences, that they were being projected through
it to secure the carrying trade of its immense
quantity of produce.
In i860 we had but few miles of road, hav-
ing scarcely entered upon their construction ;
yet without their aid or influence we had at-
tained a population but little short of seven
hundred thousan3 people, with a continual
flow year by year, tending to increase its vol-
ume. I protest against the common practice
of attributing that increase of population en-
tirely to thg impetus given by these land grants.
It charges to that account all oar present pros-
perity. It fails to give credit for the amount
of population already in the State, and ignores
the two facts that it would in any event con-
tinue largely to increase, and also that a large
class was absolutely kept out by the wholesale
absorption of cheap lands, and the consequent
elevation in price.
It has grown into a custom in this country
to reward the faithful services of its soldiers
and sailors who have fought for its preserva-
tion by donations of the public lands. To
that method of their disposal, coupled with
conditions of actual occupancy, I would most
cheerfully assent, for the reason that it is not
only a proper reward for patriotic duty per-
formed, and an earnest of the recognition itis
always wise to make of such service, but it at
the same time is a transfer of the soil into
hands whose cultivation of it in the proportion
he makes it contribute to his own support will
add to the wealth and revenues of the State.
If we continue to dispose of the public domain
with the iapidiiy of the last few years it will
not be long till we will be deprived of that
means of rewarding our heroic defenders.
Every consideration of duty to them and safety
a,nd interest to the country demands that a
reasonable portion of it should be held sacred
to that end.
The public domain has been, by grants, by
sale, and by settlement, reduced to limited
proportions, and a comparison of it with its
once vast and incomprehensible extent is sug-
gestive of a day not far in the future when all
of it will be exhausted. If it shall have been
divided among the producing people, and made
the instrument of the fulfillment of the patri-
otic obligations of tbe Government, then the
representatives of the people charged with its
disposal will merit the approval of iU future
occupants. But I fear the pretexts for viola-
tions of that policy are so numerous that few
will escape the responsibility for unwise action.
That Government is the strongest which most
generally divides among its people its riches
and furnishes them the means and opportuni-
ties te labor; whose great fortunes are not
heaped upon a few men, but relies for its reve-
nues upon the industry of its people. Tho
kingdom of -Spain began to decline in power
when she became the owner of the richest gold
mines in the world, when her people neglected
agricultural industries to engage in a wild
search after precious metals, and she furnishes
the world an example of the truth that labor,
and not gold, is the basis of national wealth.
Montesquieu, in speaking of that once pow-
erful kingdom, says:
" That must bo a bad kind of riches which de-
pends on accident and not on the industry of a
nation, on the number of its inhabitants, and on
the cultivation of its lands. The king of Spain,
who receives great sums from his custom-house at
Cadiz, is only in this respect a rich individual in an
extremely poor State.
" AVere some provinces of Castile able to give him
asum equal to that of the custom-bouse at Cadiz, his
power would be much greater. His riches would be
the effect of the wealth- of the country.
'"These provinces would animate nil the others,
and they would be, all together, more capable of sup-
porting their respective charges. Instead of a great
treasury he would have a great people."
It is true, Mr. Speaker, that the Territories
and new States in the West are fast becoming
peopled, and, indeed, such are the induce-
ments they offer for settlement that it would
be so under any system; but when we assume
that it is the result of the land grants made
there, do we not give them undue credit? Are
they not, instead, in some cases the very reason
why they have not settled faster? Itis in spite
of these obstructions, and not by reason of
them, they have advanced.
A vessel loaded down to the guards may
make time against a strong current and a head
wind, but who would say that her speed is the
result of the wind and current opposed to her, or
of the load she carries? On the contrary, divest
her of these, and her speed would be greatly ac-
celerated. So thestridesof the Westhavebeen
magnificent. The transformation of her waste
and desolate plains has been the work almost
of magic ; but has she been freighted with no
dead weights ; has she encountered no unwise
and damaging legislation ?
As in the past, so with the present, the action
of Congress upon the several bills before it,
designed t,o trench upon the remaining lands,
will give the impress to the communities to be
hereafter formed out of them, and the rapidity
with which they are made available to the
State by increasing its wealth, contributing
to its revenue, and supporting a portion of its
people, will largely depend upon that action.
The future of this Republic is not to be compre-
hended except by comparison with its progress
in the past. Its exports, already immense, have
not reached a tithe of their ultimate volume.
The Indian tribes are fast fading away, and the
lands they occupy must become the subject of
legislation. Their wild and desolate plains
must soon begin to bloom under the touch of
civilized industry and cultivation. The enter-
prise of the West meets that of the Bast, to
people and enrich them, and find upon them
their homes. Shall they be dedicated to in-
dustry or speculation, to the people or monop-
oly, is a question never of more importance
than now, and which increases in significance
as we reduce their extent. Wisdom and ex-
perience both appeal to us to determine the
contest in the interest of the former.
TIIE TARIFF.
Mr. COTTON. Mr. Speaker, I purpose
making some remarks oil the tariff question,
and in that connection stating reasons for
certain votes I have given and for some I
may give. We have already had the oppor-
tunity of voting on propositions to remove
the duties from tea, coffee, coal, and salt,
and to abolish the income tax. I voted in
opposition to the repeal of duties on tea and
coffee and to the repeal of the income tax,
and I did this for the reason I believed I
could render the people much better service
by favoring a corresponding reduction of the
revenue in another direction.
TEA, COFFEE, AND THE INCOME TAX.
The income tax affects only those who can
conveniently pay. They who are so fortun-
ate as to have an annual income of more than
two thousand .dollars, after making .all the
deductions authorized by law, including house
rentand rent for places for business, and taxes,
are required to pay income tax, and then only
two and one half per cent, on the excess over
$2,000 after these deductions are made. It
is provided by the act of July 14, 1870, that
this tax shall be collected for the years 1870
and 1871, and no longer. Hence I concluded
that so long as greater burdens can be removed
there was no occasion for making haste to
abolish the tax, which remains to be collected
for the year 1871. The income tax for 1870
was $18,077,611 64. The duty on tea has
been fifteen cents on the pound since January
1, 1871, and prior thereto twenty-five cents.
The duty for the first half of the fiscal year
ending June 80, 1871, while the rate was
twenty-five cents, was $3,214,916 08, and for
the last half, $5,105,846 25; total, $8,880,-
762 93.
The duty on coffee has been three cents on
the pound since January 1, 1871, and prior to
that time five cents. For the first six months
of the last fiscal year, while the duty remained
at five cents, it amounted to $5,308,440 40, and
for the remaining six months, $5,671,039 08;
a total of $10,979,079 48 ; making the duties
on tea and coffee for that fiscal year $19,360,-
742 41. To remove these duties and the in-
come tax is to reduce the revenue over thirty-
seven million dollars, taking the receipts for the
last fiscal year as a criterion, and to this extent
to deprive us of the opportunity of modifying
duties which are far more burdensome thau
these.
The average annual consumption of tea in
the United States is about one and one fifth
pounds to each person, and of coffee seven and
two thirds pounds. The duty on both amounts
to forty one cents, yet these light duties yield
to the Government above nineteen million dol-
lars of annual revenue. Theyare duties simply
for the benefit of the Government; they ae-
comjjlish just what they profess, and no more,
the return of public revenue ; they cannot be
said to be in the interest of one citizen as
against another, and they take no more from
any one than they return to the Government
less the cost of collection.
The people must pay the requisite amount
of revenue either in direct taxes, or indirectly,
through duties on imports. There is no more
effectual or less burdensome mode of paying
the amount in duties than through such as are
entirely for the benefit of the Government.
When one purchases tea or coffee, he is cer-
tain that each pound he buys has contributed
the duty imposed; but when lie purchases
clothing for his family, or salt for his table, he
knows that those articles which are made in
this country and have not paid duty are sold
at the same price with those that have, and
that should he chance to purchase an imported
article there is included in tho price the duty
paid the Government; but when he purchases
a like article made in this country he pays as
much as for the imported, with the duty added,
but the Government receives no part of the
price. It thus becomes uncertain how many
times consumers of goods may pay prices
which include the duty added to tbe cost of
similar imported goods before the duly is once
received at the public Treasury. So, lajing
aside for the present all other questions, and
considering simply the payment by the peo-
ple of a certain amount of revenue, this is
without question accomplished more directly
when all that is taken under a tariff goes into
the public Treasury thau where only an un-
certain part of what is so taken reaches the
Ireasury. A laiv cannot be constructed that
will return money to the Government except
the people contribute it. at least once; and
most assuredly any fixed amount is supplied
more easily where it is placed in the treas-
ury by once paying than where this is only
effected by several payments.
