1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ti
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sale of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Schurz.
Senate.
offer at public sale on thirty days' notice, in such
manner and at such times and places, at public or
private sale, as he may deem most advantageous to
the public interest"—
Now, mark you—
"Ae olcl cannon, arms, and other ordnance stores
now in possession of tlio War Department, which
are damaged or otherwise unsuitable lor tho Uni-
ted States military service, or for the militia of
tile United States, and to cause the net proceeds of
suoh sales, after paying al! proper expenses of sale
and transportation to the placo of sale, to be depos-
ited in tho Treasury of the United States."
There was a large lot of breech-loading
Springfield rifles of the pattern of I860 in the
arsenals of the United States. Considering the
question whether they could be sold at all, will
it not be well to interpret carefully what "old
Cannon, arms, and other ordnance stores now
unsuitable for the United Stales military ser-
vice or for the militia of the United States"
means? Is there perhaps any Senator on this
floor who can show me a single militia com-
pany in the United States that is armed with
an arm as good as the Springfield breech-
loader of 1866? Go around and look at them,
and you will find that almost all of them have
the old muzzle-loader, and some of them per-
haps even the old smooth-bore musket. The
War -Department itself was rather doubtful in
the matter, and, unless I am greatly misin-
formed, in the course of this investigation some
gentlemen will appear who will testify that
they applied for these very identical Springfield
breech-loaders and were refused because, as
the authorities told them, those Springfield
breech-loaders would and could not be sold.
After all this, I assert here that upon the
very face of the case, according to the lan-
guage of the statute, which cannot be mis-
interpreted, and cannot be quibbled away, the
sale of these arms was a breach of the law. If
it was not, I should like to ask Senators what
the restraining clause in that statute means ;
and inasmuch as I have had some conversation
with my friend from Indiana about that point,
I will address my quesion to him personally.
Can he tell me what the restraining clause in
this statute means, if it means any thing? "Old
cannon, arms, and other ordnance stores now
m possession of the War Department, which
are damaged or otherwise unsuitable for the
United States military service." Is there no
restraint in it at all?
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I askthe Senator whether
if breech-loading arms were manufactured in
1866 according to a certain patent, and after-
ward an improved patent was adopted by the
Government of the United States, with which
they intended to arm our troops apd furnish
the militia, whether then the old, discarded
patent might not properly be described in that
statute as unsuitable to the service of the
United States?
Mr. SCHURZ. May I answer, Yankee
fashion, the Senator with another question !
Mr. MORTON. Any way you please.
Mr. SCHURZ. When the militia of the
United States is still armed with muzzle-load-
ers, and there is a breech-loading Springfield
rifle which is good enough to he used on the
battle-field against the Prussian needle-gun, as
it was in France, would not that be a better
arm for the militia than the muzzle-loader?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, but that would be
charged to the State, and they could not get
the other.
Mr. MORTON. I will answer the question
of the Senator from Missouri in the Yankee
way that he himself adopts, by another ques-
tion.
Mr. SCHURZ. Very well.
Mr. MORTON. If there was no purpose
to arm the militia at the time at all, which
there was none, but the Government was try-
ing to sell old muzzle-loaders, as it was, I ask
what force there is in his question? The Gov-
ernment was trying to sell them all.
Mr. SCHURZ. According to tho interpret-
ation of the Senator from Indiana, then, this
statute ought to read thus : " That the Secre-
tary of War be, and is hereby, authorized and
directed to cause to be sold, after offer at pub-
lic sale on thirty days' notice, in such manner
and at such limes and places, at public or pri-
vate sale, as he may deem most advantageous
to the public service, all the cannon, arms,
and ordnance stores that he may please to
sell." Is not that all there remains of ii? Ac-
cording to his interpretation, is there any
restraining force in this statute at all? And I
ask the Senator from Indiana when the chief
of ordnance himself declares that arms or
ordnance stores are not unfit for the military
service or for the militia, but are positively
fit, would he say that he even then can sell
those articles ? I repeat my question to the
Senatorfrom Indiana: is there anything short
of a declaration or admission from the Secre-
tary of War himself that the arms are fit for
the use of the Army and by the militia that
would restrain the War Department in selling
arms at all under this statute?
Mr. MORTON. Precisely.
Mr. SCHURZ. What is it?
Mr. MORTON. The statute expresses that
the Secretary of War is authorized tu sell such
arms as are not suitable to the service of the
United States; and here is an old patent, an
old form of breech-loader that has been super-
seded. The Government does not want them ;
and therefoie it comes within the express mean-
ingofthisstatute, that it is not suitable, because
they have a better one.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator from Indiana
is very busy trying to'get away from the points.
Now I will show him that the chief of ord-
nance and the Secretary of War at the time
did not think so themselves, for, from the let-
ter given to Mr. Remington, it appears that
when he applied for a certain lot of breech-
loaders, there being about seventy-five thou-
sand in the arsenals, he could not get forty
thousand, because they wanted to keep them.
Why? Because they were unsuitable for the
ATmy? If' they were unsuitable the War De-
partment should have been glad to get rid of
them. But I repeat the question to the Sen-
ator from Indiana: can he point out to me
according to his interpretation any restraining
meaning in this statute? I suppose tho Sen-
ator from Indiana will be satisfied with noth-
ing but a declaration from the chief of ord-
nance and the Secretary of War themselves
that the arms wore suitable for the Army and
militia of the United States. Would he be
satisfied with that? The Senator from Indi-
ana answers not, and I suspect the reason, lot-
it will be necessary for him to find afterward
some new expedient to justify the ordnance
department in selling arms which the chief of
ordnance himself had declared to befit for the
military service of the United States. So far
has it come, then, that the Senator does not
stand up to answer a question as fair as ever
a question was put: whether, when the Secre-
tary himself declares an arm fit for the mili-
tary service, he still has the right, to sell it,
under the statute?
Mr. MORTON. Does the, Senator think I
am on the stand to becatechi^ed and stand up?
He must excuse me from standing up.
Mr. SCIIURZ. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I am not very well able to
do it; but I want to say this, that the .Senator
understands full well—if he does not he ought
to understand—that the breech-loaders which
were in the possession of the Government, and
which were sold, belonged to an old pattern
that had been discarded^and they were sold
for that very reason. The' Government might
not have been prepared to sell them alb at a
particular time until their places were snp- 
plied, but as fast as their places were supplied
by the new manufacture, they were selling the
old, and it was their interest to do it; and if
tho Senator does not know that fact now, he
is not posted on the subject at all.
Mr. SCHURZ. It seems to me the Senator
is losing himself very diligently in his breech-
loaders. The question which I put to him was
a very different one; it was this: when the
Secretary of War himself declares certain arms
fit for the Army and the militia of the United
States, whether then still he has a right to sell
them under the statute? I repeat the ques-
tion, and the Senator answers not j he knows
well why, because here is the official declara-
tion 
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, there is
some limit to courtesy. The Senator, because
I do not answer every interrogation ho puts to
me, assumes that I cannot do it. He is mak-
ing a speech; 1 do not want to interrupt him
any more than I can help. I made a speech
the other day, and the Senator interrupted mo
forty-six times, by count, as shown in the
Globe. Now, I will promise the Senator this: I
will promise the Senator that upon the conclu-
sion of bis speech, if I can get the floor, I will
answer his questions, and I will answer some-
thing more. I will tell him tho whole truth
upon certain other topics. He has entitled
himself to it, and he shall have it.
Mr. SCHURZ. Sir, if one tenth part of
the time which the Senator has now employed
in explaining something else had been- em-
ployed by him in answering yes or no to my
question, he would have served the purpose
much better; for 1 am now going to show the
Senator that the chief of ordnance reports to
the Secretary of War himself, and that this
report, is sanctioned by the Secretary of War
with his official seal, that arms and ordnance
stores were sold which by themselves were
declared lit for the Army and for the militia
of the United States. Here, sir, is General
Dyer's letter to General Belknap, which reads
as follows, (I again translate back from the
French volume before me:)
"In reply to your questions about the quality of
the ordnance stoves sold by this Department, I ha,vo
to say that all the ordnnnco stores sold as good and fit
for service were considered so, and fit to be used.
Xhey were so marked down on the inventory books
of tho arsenals, and so con.Mdered as good ior servico
by the commandants of those arsenals.
" Those ordnance stores were considered fit to be
issued to our troops.
"The cartridges which were sold wero duly in-
spected after they fiad been received by tlio United
states"—
Meaning from the factories—
" and they were considered as good for the service
and lit to be distiibutod among the troops whon they
were sold."
And this is done under a statute which pro-
vides—
"That the Secretary of War bo, and ho is hereby,
authorized and directed to wuiso to be sold tho old
cannon, arms, and other oidnanco stores now in
possession of the "War Department, which are dam-
aged or otherwise unsuited for tho United States
military service, or for the militia of the United
States."
Well, sir, after this I think I may feel my-
self authonzed to charge here before the Sen-
ate and the country a flagrant and manifest
breach of law on the showing of the chief of
ordnance sanctioned with the official seal of
the War Department himself, and if there is
any way to justify that, 1 shall look for it with
a certain degree of curiosity.
But, may 1 ask the Senator what will become
of the, popular respect for the laws if we reck-
lessly quibble away their meanitigV'May I ask
the Senator how lie can expect the officers of
the Government to obev the laws if they loarn
from the Senate of the United States that those
laws have no binding force for them ? I ask
him what will become of constitutional gov-
