1872."
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2811
ments, and provided that where the accounting
officers differed, the case should be referred
to the Secretary of War, whose decisiou should
be conclusive. In 1823, Congress passed an
act directing the accounting officers -'to settle
and adjust the account of Joseph Wheaton,
while acting in the quartermaster's department,
upon the principles of justice and equity."
Mr. Wheaton was dissatisfied with the settle-
ment made by the accounting officers, and ap-
plied to the President to revise and change
their findings. The President referred this
application to Mr. Wirt, then Attorney Gen-
eral, who gave an elaborate opinion, holding
that the President had no right to interfere.
His opinion is summed up in the following
paragraph:
"My opinion is that the settlement of accounts
of individuals by the accounting officers appointed
by law is final and conclusive, so far as the execu-
tive department of the Government is concerned.
If an individual feels himself injured by such settle-
ment, his recourse must be to one of the other two
branches of the Government, the legislative or
judicial. If a balance be found against him by the
disallowance of credits which he_ deems just, he
may refuse payment and abide a suit, in which case
he will have the benefit of a court and jury. If a
balance be found in his favor, but smaller than he
thinks himself entitled to, his appeal is to Congress,
where the representatives of the people will pass
upon his claim."
I might multiply these cases. I might cite
not less than a dozen opinions of Attorneys
General recorded in the volumes containing
those opinions, showing that the universal
ruling has been that where officers of the
Treasury charged by law with the auditing of
accounts make a finding, such finding^ is con-
clusive ; and still stronger is the position that
when a Department other than that which is
called upon to pay the claim has audited it, it
is beyond the power of the Secretary thus
called upon and directed to pay it—a simple
ministerial duty—to interfere. He is clothed
with no authority either to look into, to set
aside, or to interfere with the finding of the
auditing officers of his own Department, and
still less of a separate Department.
By the act of March 30, 1868, Congress, in
my judgment, has fully declared and intended
that the settlement of public accounts such as
those referred to in my amendment should be
vested solely, exclusively, and finally in the
accounting officers, without interference, con-
trol, or revision by any other executive officer.
Under that law, all that the head of the Exec-
utive Department can do on the balances of
accounts certified by the Auditor and Comp-
troller, is either to issue a requisition for the
balance, without abatement or charge, or to
return it to the Comptroller with such facts as,
in his judgment, affect the correctness of such
balance, or certify the case to the Court of
Claims, under the seventh section of the act
of July 25, 1868.
Nothing of that sort was done in this case.
Every officer discharged his duty for months
and months. The large mass of vouchers and
of evidence was carefully scrutinized and sifted.
During the months of May aud June I believe
no other claim was lookedinto by these officers.
After rejecting a certain amount for the want
of proper pioof, they found this balance of
$525,258 72 as justly due them. It was certi-
fied, as I say, to John M. Brodhead, the Sec-
ond Comptroller. Although the War Depart-
ment had twice certified that troops of this
character were entitled to pay, and had been
paid, yet, deeming it to be a large amount,
Mr. Brodhead for the third time asked Secre-
tary Belknap in reference to it, " Here is the
proof of the character of the service. Am I
justified in paying it under the act of July 27,
1861?" I have read you the Secretary's
answer, "They are entitled to be paid." A
requisition was drawn by the War Depart-
ment, and that requisition was withheld because
Secretary Boutwell was not here. When he
come back, the appropriation had lapsed, and
there was no money in the Treasury to pay it.
That I think I am authorized in saying is the
reason why the Supreme Court of the United
States did not issue its mandamus compelling
him to do it.
I would not limit the power of the Secretary
of the Treasury whenever the law gives him
the authority to examine into the validity or
justice of any claim. If Secretary Boutwell
upon an examination of this claim had dis-
covered anything wrong in it, it was his duty
to refer it back to the Comptroller with a mem-
orandum saying, "You have made a mistake ;
you have done so and so. Were these troops
for which this charge is made within the act
of 1861? Have you ascertained this from the
War Department?" If he had done that,
what would have been the answer? "They
have been audited; this acconnt is strictly
true; this amount is due to the Common-
wealth of Kentucky. I have applied to the
War Department, and here is the answer of
the Adjutant General, approved by the Secre-
tary of War, that these troops were within the
act of 1861, and the requisition was directed
by the War Department to issue when they
had been satisfied of the character of them."
Mr. MORTON. I have not heard all the
Senator's remarks. Will he allow me to in-
quire, for my own information, what is the
provision of the act of 1861 to which he
refers ?
Mr. STEVENSON. The act of 1861 to
which I refer is as follows :
" That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, directed, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to pay to the Governor
of any State, or to his duly authorized agents, the
costs, charges, and expenses properly incurred by
such State for enrolling, subsisting, clothing, sup-
plying, arming, equipping, paymg, and transporting
its troops employed m aiding to_ suppress the pres-
ent insurrecticfti against the United States, to be
settled upon proper vouchers to be filed and passed
upon by the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury."
The attempted construction here would de-
feat the object of that act. The darkness of
the battle and the disaster at Bull Run was
encircling the capital when this act was passed.
Will any man tell me that Congress would stop
in an act providing for the calling out of troops
in a sudden emergency, and provide that the
President and Secretary of War alone should
call for troops ? General Sherman called for
these troops. He sent for Governor Bram-
lette to come to Nashville. He met him at
Nashville, and General Sherman disclosed
what his plans were. He said to him, '• Now
you must take all the State troops you can
command in the event of my being pursued or
surprised or attempted to be cut off, to aid
me ; 1 have no time to ask for this authority ;
I will exercise it as an officer of the United
States Government;" and here is General
Sherman's certificate that he called for these
identical troops and that they were employed ;
and yet we are told, because the President and
Secretary of War did not do it, they are not to
he paid, and that, forsooth, in accordance with
a special regulation made by Secretary Chase.
Mr. MORTON. What was the construction
given to it by the Secretary of the Treasury to
which the Senator refers?
Mr. STEVENSON. I will read that to you.
Secretary Boutwell says:
" Secretary Chase, when providing for the execu-
tion of this act"—
Which I have already read—
" prescribed a series of rules, the second of which
is in these words :
" It is only for expenditures on account of troops,
officers, or men that have been or may be mustered
and received into or actually employed in the ser-
vice of the United States, that reimbursements will
be made. .
" ' Organizations raised, or attempted to be raised,
but not mustered and received into, nor actually
employed in the service, will not be recognized.
Nor will any reimbursement be made by the United
States of expenses incurred in organizing, equip-
ping, and maintaining troops for State purposes, or
home guards, whether called out by State or other
local authority, unless such troops were called out
and such expenditures incurred at the request or
under the authority of the President or the Secre-
tary of War.'"
That decision was overruled by Secretary
Stanton on the 9th July, 1867, and I read his
official decisiou:
Wab Department, July 9,1867.
It appears from official reports of Major General
George H. Thomas that on the 15th of September,
1861, the home guards had been called out by Gen-
eral Nelson, and were then in the actual employment
of the United States and on duty as troops of the
United States, and were continued on duty and were
employed by General Thomas. There appears to be
in the War Department no written or official evi-
dence of authority granted by the President or Sec-
retary of War, General Cameron, to General Nelson
for calling out these troops. But the legal presump-
tion is tunder the special circumstances then exist-
ing) that proper authority was given.
This Department is therefore of opinion that the
home guards mentioned were actually employed in
the service of the United States under proper and
legal authority, and should be regarded as such by
the accounting officers of the Government.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of Tfar.
That was in 1867. In 1871 this decision
was repeated by Secretary Belknap in regard
to the very troops for whom this claim was
made. This is a requisition of the War Depart-
ment itself after having fully examined into
the character of these troops. My point is
that the Secretary of the Treasury, however
honorable and frugal, were his motives, had no
right to go behind the finding of the War De-
partment, and still less to go behind the
accounts as stated by the auditing officers of the
Treasury.
Mr. MORTON. The point of objection is
that the troops were not called out by the
President?
Mr. STEVENSON. Or the Secretary of
War. That was the point.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There was another point,
if the Senator from Kentucky will pardon me,
and that was that these troops, being under the
control of the State authorities, were by the
State authorities kept in service long after the
termination of the war.
Mr. STEVENSON. That is not true,; not
that my friend is not right in his statement—as
1 propose to show. The Secretary of the
Treasury did not put his decision altogether
on that ground. He says a portion of this
claim is for the services of State troops after
the surrender of General Lee and General
Johnston. That is true. Part of these ser-
vices was rendered after that time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Some of them were mus-
tered out in October, 1865,1 think the papers
say.
Mr. STEVENSON. A few of them were
mustered out as late as October, 1865 ; but
when did the war end?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It ended in May, accord-
ing to the Supreme Court. I do not think it is
ended yet. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENSON. In 1866, not in 1865 ;
and all this service was rendered during the
years 1864 and 1865. Now, I propose to show
to my honorable friend that the Secretary of
the Treasury was mistaken. How could the
Secretary of the Treasury in half a day here,
determine whether these accounts for this ser-
vice were all right, which had taken the audit-
ing officers of the Treasury three or four
months to examine? How could the Secre-
tary of the Treasury go behind the written
statement of the Secretary of W ar, "You must,
pay for these troops," and directing a requi-
sition for the amount for which my amend-
ment calls to be issued and drawn upon the
Treasury Department?
Mr. MORTON. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Kentucky as stating that the troops
that were called out were called out by the
order of General Sherman or some other offi-
cer commanding United States troops?
Mr. STEVENSON. I state upon my honor
and upon my authority as a Senator that there
is not one single man charged and certified for
who was not called out by General Burbridge
or General Sherman or General Thomas or an
Indiana general, whose name now escapes me,
I think General Lew. Wallace. I not only
propose to show that to the Senator from Indi-
