1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§70?
■when lie himself will be cotmhbed that he has
done the a gross injustice.
Now, what Were the facts abont the issuance
of this certificate ? It WaS alleged, after the
electioii Of 1870, that gross fr&udg h&d beefl
committed in the ctiunty of Pulaskij that the
voting places had been seized by armed men
the night before the election, that the regular
officers were hot allowed to hold the election,
and in three pfecincts of the county (Which is
a fact) that two sfetS of polls Were opened. Of
course both could not be legal, as the la# only
allows one. The first intimation I had of this
state of affairs was called to my attention by
this original petition which I &sk to have read,
and I think the Senator from Delaware will
recognize it as coming from good authority,
since it is signed by Six gentlemen of his own
political persuasion in the State of Arkansas.
The Secretary read as follows :
Sir: ifhe undersigned respectfully represent unto
your Excellency that At the general election in the
townships of Ashley, Campbell, Eastman, and Gray,
and the precinct of Badgett in Big Rock township,
in Plilaski county, on the 8th day of November
instant, the judges regularly and duly appointed by
the board of registrars or review of said county
of Pulaski, to hold the election in sa,id townships
respectively, tfere at the several voting place's
therein promptly at the hour fixed by law for the
opening of the polls thereat, but found the voting
piaoes in the possession of armed bodies of men pre-
tending to act as judges of said election under
authority from William S. Oliver, sheriff of Pulaski
county, George W. McDiarmid. clerk of Raid county,
and 11. F, Catterson, United States marshal for the
eastern district ot Arkansas; that the persons so
pretending to act as such judges heldforoiblo posses-
sion of said voting places; by intimidations and
threats of personal violence drove the duly ap-
pointed judg6s therefrom, and proceeded to bold a
pretended election, at which persons of all ages were
permitted to vote without regard to registration or
residence, and to vote as often as they chose.
The Undersigned farther represent that in the first
ward of the City of Little Rock, iti said county ot
Pulaski, a mob of armed men, by personal violence
of a serious and disgraceful character, drove the reg-
ularly dppoihtcd judges from thevoting place there-
in, lis early a-? six a. m.,and being subsequently dis-
possessed, pro eededto bold an election m the street,
near by, at w ieh all wbo applied were permitted to
vote :U oiten as they chose, and ih;it without regard
to age, residence, or registration ; and that the same
thing was done m the third ward of said city oi.
Xiiitio Rock. ^ _
Tlie undersigned attach hereto the affidavits ot
divers persons attesting the truth of the loregomg
statements.
The undersigned further represent that they are
informed that the clerk of the county court ot said
CoUtlty of Pdiaski proposes to include in his abstracts
of Mild election the returns of said pretended and
fraudulent elections in the said townships ot Ashley,
Eastirian, C.itipbfell, and Gi*dy,B<ld sett's precinct m
Big Rock, and m tbe said first and third wards in
the city of Little Rock, and in the latter instances to
ignore the returns ot the regular election therein.
The lindetsigneU pray your Excellency to declare
Snid elections in said townships void, or, if that can-
not be done, to see that only the legal and valid re-
turns are included id the abstracts of said election.
R. S. GANIT. , ,
E. H. CHAMBERLAIN.
R. A. HOWARD.
C. II. WiUTTEMORE.
"VVILSIIIRE RILEY.
J. W. HOUSE.
L. B. MITCHELL; •
His Excellency Pwtrll Clayton,
Governor oj the State of Arkansas.
Mr. CLAYTON. I desire to call the spefci&l
Attention Of the Senator from Delaware to this
statement, signed by si* who are all prominent
members of the Democratic party of the State
of Arkansas, and who were candidates for
'seats in the Legislature at that time, in which
they state that the polls had been usurped in a
violent, and revolutionary manner, that fraud
Ita'd been perpetrated upon the ballot-box, and
in which they wind up by asking raein canvass-
ing the votes to discard the returns irom the
pi ecincts to which they have thus called my
attention.
Afier the Legislature met, this whole sub-
ject was made a matter of legislative investi-
gation : a committee was appointed on the part
of both houses to inquire into this whole
transaction ; they reported that what was said
here by these Democrats Was "substantially
t*nie, and rtcothmfehded that the eltebtiohS iti
eight precincts in the county of Fii.aski Be
declared null and vdid; Upon that report I
did refuse to fcourit the teturns Of those eight
precincts, and by So doing, it appeared from
the returns, whifch Were unquestioned, that
John Edwards was elected, and the certificate
Was issued accordingly.
If I bommitted an ferfor, I did it upon the
representation of tbe Friends of the honorable
Senator from Delaware in the State of Arkan-
sas. I did it at their request, and upon their
representation, and according to the affidavit
attached to this memorial. But I hold that I
did not commit an erf-of. 1 hold that if I had
acted .otherwise) with the lights before me) I
Should have become virtually a party to the
gross violations of laws which were perpetrated
there upon the ballot.
It does not follow because the member of
Congress td whom the certificate was issued
failed to present his case to Congress—because
he went there with no testimony, and the whole
thing was decided upon the ex parte testimony
of the other side—that I committed a fraud
upon the voting people of that district,, as the
honorable Senator from Delaware has at-
tempted to give the impression that I did. It
does not follow that I should be subjected to
legal prosecution and conviction; and I am
hdppy to gay tB the gentleman that fortu-
nately my case was not tried before him, but
before tw'o judicial officers of very high stand-
ing in this country, and they pronounced that
no indictable offense was charged.
I am ready to have this body determine—
and I have taken the steps to bring about that
determination—whether I acted fraudulently
or improperly in thi3 transaction. So much
for that.
Now, Mr. President, if I understand the
argument of the gentlemen on the other side,
not only in the course of this discussion, but
in the course of formei" discussions, they un-
dertake to palliate and to excuse the acts of
the Ku Klux organization by stating that the
carpet-bag governments, as they call them,
have veiy largely increased the debts of the
southern States. I am not speaking for any
other State than my own. I do know that
while the Ku Klux organization there was in
its zenith, during the canvass of 1868, at a
time when tbey shot down a member of Con-
gress on the roadside while going to a politi-
cal meeting, and wounded a member of the
Legislature riding by his side ; at the time
when they shot down another member of the
Legislature While going with his family from
his house to the steamboat landing for the
purpose of sending them out ot danger; at
the time they killed and Wounded many other
officers of the State government; at the time
when they tied the sheriff of one county and
a colored man together and killed them ; at
the tinie when they murdered and scourged
hundreds of colored men all over that Stale—
I do know that at that time the State gov-
ernment of Arkansas had not increased the
debt of that State one cent for any purpose
whatever ; not one botid had been issued, not
one evidence of indebtedness. So the argu-
ment of the honorable gentleman will not
apply to the State of Arkansas at that, time. _
Mr. President, I know something about this
Ku Klux organization. At the time when the
gentlemen on the other Side were pooh-poohing
at it and pronouncing it a myth, when they
were trying to convince the people of this
country that no such organization existed, L
had ample evidence before me as Governor of
the State of Arkansas that, it did exist, and
that it was one of the most formidable and
ingenious organizations ever resorted to by
any set of rneti to accomplish villainous and
outrageous purposes. 1 became satisfied as
early as 1868 that it Would be necessary for
the State government of Arkansas, for the
loyal people of that State, to grapple with that
monster or aH'dW themselves to become uttei-ly
subjugated by it; The result Was, by the aid of
God; and the  *eSolute, law-abiding p'eople of
A'rkan&W, this cruel and bloody organization
\Vas utterly eradicated. It is true, we had to
resort to martial law; that we had, for the
time being, to set aside the civil courts, which
had become utterly powetless, ahd establish
in their stead military tribunals. But the re-
sult has proveh that even martial laft, with all
its imperfections and objectionable features,
was better for a few months than years of
anarchy and terrorism.
Since 1868, When We handled this organiza-
tion without gloves, We have had no Ku Klux
in Arkansas; and so far as this law is con-
cerned it is unnecessary fot that State. We
are able to take care of ourselves. We have
taken cafe of ourselves. We have not asked
for Federal troops. We have not asked for
Federal help—not even asked for Federal
arms to put down this second rebellion. But
we were fortunate, as I said before, in nipping
the thing in its incipiency. If we had waited
until this time, I hate no doubt the organiza-
tion would have accomplished its object.
Mr. President, I have said more than I
intended when I rose. I merely rose in the
first place to correct the statement of the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri, which I think
did my State great injustice, and which was
calculated to impair its credit, ahd to reply to
the unkind, aud, as I think, discourteous re-
mark of the honorable Senatorfrom Delaware.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Mr. Presi-
dent, I had supposed that we _ had all_ be-
come satisfied of the inutility, if not of the
mischievous character of much of the legis-
lation enacted here for the government of
the southern States. The act which it is now
proposed to continue in force until after the
November election is the most objectionable
of the whole series. It would be of very
doubtful propriety un'der circumstauced of
threatened disturbance of the public tran-
quillity, even when no important elections in
the various States were pending; and many
regard it as of more than doubtful constitution-
ality as well. I shall say nothing on the latter
branch of the proposition, but limit the few
remarks which I shall make to the abuses
which may and are likely to grow up under
the shadow of such a menace, in circumstances
so tempting, and kindred topics.
The President will be placed by the passage
of this measure in a position of extreme deli-
cacy aud embarrassment. He is himself a
candidate for reelection. His friends in the
South, for the most part, are not very dis-
creet, and besides are in a minority in almost
every State south of the Potomac. They will
therefore be most likely to provoke disturb-
ances which would justify the interposition
of the national authorities. They have every-
thing to gain by such disorder as will vitiate
or nullify the election where the majority is
likely to be adverse, while the party in the
majority in the respective States, feeling con-
fident of their strength. Would deprecate any
irregularity, or indiscretion even, which would
hazard the success of their candidates by the
national or other interference at the polls.
In Texas, where the local authorities are in
harmony and sympathy with the national Ad-
ministration, the party is strong, not in num-
bers to be sure, but in the character and com-
pleteness of its election machineiy, which has
been carefully manufactured, and thoroughly
tested during the last, fall election. The regis-
tra'ion of the voters, all election officers, the
election returns, the removal and appointment
of county officers, and the power of suspend-
ing the habeas corpus were all placed in the
discretion and under the absolute control of
the Governor by the Legislature before that
branch of the State government passed out of
existence.
The Govertioris, orcoflsiders himself,clothed
with absolute power, and will exercise it when-
ever in his judgment it shall become necessary
to do so. He seems to have no misgivings_ in
regard to the legality of th'e p0#fers t^ith Which
the late Legislature attempted to invest him,
