n
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-IiESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20v
Senate.
Sale of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Schurz.
42b Cong....2d Sess.
ernment in this country if we tell the execu-
tive power that it can trample upon the laws
just^s it pleases, and that, like Csesar Augus-
tus, it can always rely upon an obedient and
submissive Senate? Let us well pause before
we go further in this direction, for here there
is something higher at stake than cartridges
or cash.
And now I -will proeeed to the third ques-
tion to be discussed : is there in these facts any
reason to be found to justify suspicion as to
the corrupt character of these transactions?
Let me repeat what I said at the close of my
remarks the other day. It must have been
manifest at the time when these sales took
place, to every sane mind, how our interna-
tional relations were risked; how the good
will and friendship of a large, estimable, and
patiiotic class of our population wore jeop-
ardized, both things more valuable than any
financial gain realized from any sale of arms—
arms which miglit havp been disposed of some
time t other almost with equal profit. That
alone, as I said then, forced upon my mind a
suspicion that there was a job at, the bottom
of these proceedings, and I will repeat that
then I had absolutely no knowledge of the
things we have been discussing here to-day.
But more, look now at the letter of General
Dyer, so anxious to insure Remington's suc-
cess in settling his accounts, accounts grow-
ing out of the very transactions for which he
had ostensibly been driven out of the War
Department; so anxious, indeed, to aid him
in the seltlement that he himself confesses
to a flagrant violation of the law. Is there
no ground for suspicion? I might not say
another word about the differences that are
found between the sums paid by France and
received by the United States, while Reming-
ton's commission is well known to all; but
take all these circumstances together, the
jeopardizing of our international relations,
the risking of internal good will and feeling,
this flagrant violation of the law openly con-
fessed to aid a man who had done what the
War Department ostensibly abhorred, and
then added to these ihe mysterious disappear
ance of laige sums of money, and I ask you
again, is there still any one who would assert
that in this whole case there is no ground for
suspicion that would justify the most searching
inquiry?
Ah, sir, I believe it is keenly enough felt
all over this Senate; and it is for this reason,
let me say, that such violent efforts are made
to divert the minds of the Senate and the
people from the true question at issue, and as
the Senator from Indiana has just promised
us, he is going to follow up that strategy. Is
not the reason obvious? A curious spectacle
indeed, sir! The Senator from Massachusetts
charged with being a French claim agent or
with having no other object in view than to
work into the hands of a French claim ageutl
Sir, is not that on its very face absurd, ridicu-
lous, monstrons? The Senator from Iowa told
us the other day, and his remarks on that
point were most sensible, that if France has a
claim against any individual in the United
States there are the courts; in the courts bet-
ter evidence can be elicited than by a com-
mittee of investigation, because the courts have
better means to elicit it; the courts are the
only place where redress can be had. And
now it is charged at the same time that a man
like the Senator from Massachusetts^ should
give himseif up as the menial instrument of a
French claim agent to advance his business
here, through transactions in the Senate of
the United States, where no real redress can be
found.
I ask again, sir, is it not most absurd, most
ridiculous? But not only that, it is a most
humiliating spectacle. Here are Senators
standing up to ferret out corruption and vio-
lation of our laws, and if they exist to have
the guilty parties brought to punishment. We
have reason to be proud of the purpose we are
pursuing. I repel with utter contempt the
imputation that the Senator from Massachu-
setts or myself should be in the service of any
individual to deprive American merchants of
their profits.
But the Senator from Indiana and the Sen-
ator from New York resort in their—how shp.ll
I call it?—distress, to otherinsinuations no less
flimsy. They pretend that we are making up
a case for Germany, and yet the very same
Senator from Indiana has been so trium-
phantly telling us here that Bismarck did not
care a farthing about this whole thing that
he is laughing it out of the way, and jokingly
remarking he could pick up these arms cheaper
on the banks of the Loire. And yet this same
mirthful statesman, according to the Senators
from New York and Indiana, is to be stirred up
by what we are here doing to set up claims
against the United States 1 If he desired to
do so would he not have done so long ago,
upon the evidence known to all Europe ? But,
sir, another insinuation is thrown out which
might be called rather startling, and coming
as it does from two Senators of the United
States in the solemn deliberations of this body,
I cannot pass it by in silence. It is that dis-
coveries made here might, injuriously to us,
affect the mind of the German Government
which is to preside in the high court of arbi-
tration called to decide ourdisput.es with Eng-
land concerning the island of San Juan. Did
the Senator from Indiana and the Senator
from New York really know what they were
saying? Did they know that they were throw-
ing out a most foul and insulting imputation
against a great Government with whom we live
on terms of friendship ? That they were charg-
ing that foreign Government, which is to occupy
the exalted position of arbiter in an important
international dispute, with being accessible to
mean, miserable, personal motives? Sir, if
there is an insult offered to the German Gov-
ernment, it is far more by the insinuation of
these Senators than by all the arms we have
sold.
Again, sir, it is asserted that this invest-
igation is rather an unpatriotic proceeding,
because it might prejudice our chances as to
the Alabama claims before the high court of
arbitration at Geneva. Pardon me; this asser-
tion appears to me still more flimsy than those
which preceded it. Do we not know, have I
not shown you here by quotations from official
documents and the European press, that all the
aggravating circumstances surrounding this
case are already before the world? Is there
anything disadvantageous to us that can pos-
sibly be added to the testimony of the chief
of the commission of armament of France,
Mr. Le Cesne, who openly under oath declares
that he had an engagement with the Govern-
ment of the United States by virtue of which
the arms were to be delivered free of charge
on board the vessels ? Do you indulge in the
childish'delusion that British statesmen have
not read these documents, that they are ignor-
ant of these assertions, and that if any infer-
ences are to be drawn from them, they have
been drawn long ago and are understood on
the other side of the Atlantic as well as they
are here? Let me tell you, sir, if we want
the American case prejudiced, seriously preju-
diced, then let this case remain just as it
stands; then show a disinclination to invest-
igate it or even to make this investigation so
as to justify the suspicion abroad as to its
character.
But, sir, if you desire to set this Republic
right before the world, there is but one couise
that remains to you. Show by a conscientious
and searching inquiry that the Government
of the United States has done nothing deserv-
ing of censure ; or, if the investigation does
prove that duty and law have been violated,
then show yourself fair and honest, enough
to disavow frankly by the legislative branch
of the Government the mischief wrought by
executive officers. There is 110 other alter-
native. That is the only way in which, as the
matter now stands, our position can be fully
protected, and it is a bold, manly, and honest
way; it is the only course worthy of this great
Republic. Those who by small quibbles try
to conceal what is visible to the whole world,
or by little technicalities to justify that which,
if it exists, is clearly wrong, those are the
men who endanger the interests and who com-
promise the good name of this country. It is
only by brave, open, honest action that we
can save both, and therefore I am not afraid
to stand upon the floor of the American Sen-
ate demanding inquiry and denouncing what
is wrong; for I remember well, as you must
remember it, that Oobden and Bright, when
boldly denouncing in the British Parliament
the course that was pursued by the Govern-
ment, and describing the consequences that
would follow a violation of neutral duties, were
far better patriots than those who let the
Alabama sail. They, too, were denounced
for the bold words they spoke ; but would not
England have avoided the perplexing diffi-
culties still causing so much anxiety, would
not England now stand in a far more enviVo'e
position before the world had their prudent
and patriotic advice been heeded? Let us
learn from their great example that fearless
honesty is of all policies the safest.
Mr. President, I must now allude to a
matter which is of a somewhat painful nature.
It is the amendment, to this resolution brought
forward by the Senator from New York, it
reads as follows:
And that said committee also inquire and report
whether any member of the Senate, or any other
American citizen, is or has been in communication
or collusion with the Government or authorities of
France, or with any emissary or spy thereof, in refer-
ence to the said matters.
lam free to confess that I regret the intro-
duction of this amendment. 1 regret it for
the gentleman who introduced it. First, let
me tell the Senator that as he and the Sen-
ator from Indiana have already said things
insulting to the Government of Germany, so
he in this amendment puts forth a thing
scarcely less insulting to the Government of
France. It cannot he unknown to the Sen-
ator that spies are used by respectable Gov-
ernments only in times of war, and that when
we accuse a Government of sending into a
friendly country spies in time of peace, if may
well be taken as a charge severely reflecting
upon its character. I would for this reason
suggest to the Senator from New York the
withdrawal of the word "spy."
But, sir. the meaning and purpose of the
amendment are easily understood. Nobody can
entertain any doubt as to the men to whom it
points. It points to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Spmker;] it points to me; and
it points to the Marquis de Chambrun, whose
name has repeatedly been mentioned in this
debate. It suggests that collusion may have
taken place between these two Senators and
the agent of a foreign Power; undoubtedly, if
the word had any meaning at all, collusion of
an improper nature and for improper pur-
poses. If the amendment has any meaning,
it must have this.
Now, sir, I shall vote for this amendment,
and I will give Senators a piece of evidence
in advance. This evidence will facilitate their
understanding of this proposition.
As to the French emissary and spy alluded
to in this resolution, the Marquis de Cham-
brun, I am well acquainted with him. He is
a member of one of those old French families
who are known and remarkable less by their
