102Q
February 14,
the provisions of this bill shall be operative
until such site shall be donated, nor until a
valid title to the land shall be vested in the
United States, and until the State of Illinois
shall cede its jurisdiction over said site, and
shall also duly release and relinquish to ttie
United States the right to'tax or in any way
assess said site, or the property of the United
States'that may be thereon, during the "time
that the United States shall be and remain the
owner thereof.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is this building recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Treasury ?
Mr. HAWLEY. It was recommended by
.be Secretary of the Treasury——
Mr. HOLMAN. I mean to the presentCon-
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It was not.
Mr. HAWLEY. It was recommended by
the Secretary of the Treasury in 1870, in re-
sponse to a resolution of this House, as one
of the buildings he then recommended. It
was sgain recommended by him at the last
Congress, in a separate letter, which I will
have read if the gentleman desires.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to ask one other
question. Quincy is, I believe, merely a port
of delivery, not of entry. The Federal courts
are not held in that city, I believe; and the
only purpose for which this building can be
asked is for the convenience of the post office,
and for the officers of the port of delivery. Is
not that all 1
Mr. HAWLEY. Oh no, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. What more?
Mr. HAWLEY. There is now paid by the
Government, or there was paid two years ago,
at the time the first report was made on this
subject, between four and five thousand dol-
lars, for rents of public buildings at jQuincy.
The building now used for a post, office is en-
tirely inadequate. As I have already stated,
the Secretary of the Treasury recommended
the construction of a public building at Q«incy
in response to a resolution of the House, and
his letter bore date March 21, 1870. This
building was then recommended by him as one
of six to be appropriated for by Congress at
that time. At the last session my attention
was called to the fact that the Committee on
Appropriations expected of those who were
asking for the construction of public buildings
that they would secure another recommend-
ation from the Secretary of the Treasury.
Learning that such was the expectation, I went
aguiu to the Secretary of the Treasury and he
gave me then a letter bearing date February
18, 1871, which I now send to the Clerk to 'be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Tkeasckt Department,
Office of the Secsstary,
February IS, 1871.
Sir: Mr. Hawlby, of the House, from Illinois,
having called upon me this morning in reference to
a recommendation made by this Department at th*
last session for the erection of a custom-hou^e and
post office at Quincy, Illinois, I take the liberty of
stating tho faets which prevented its consideration
by me at this session.
Neither Mr. Hatvley nor any one else haying
called my attention to the recommendation in be-
half of Quincy, the case did not even occsur'tbme
in making my recommendations for the present ses-
sion. I nave na information in addition to' what
was possessed by the Department wheal the .letter of
March 21," 1870, was written ; but X presume
reasons for an appropriation at that point af© iiot
le,«& strong than they were at that time. '
Quincy was upon the list of pubIio<buiJding3 ffce-
ommenaed in that letter, an'dhadmy Attention been
call ed to it at the presentsession I should have made
a similar recommendation concerning-it.
Very respectfully.
GEO. S. BOtJT WELL, Secretary.
Kon.H. L. Dawes, Chairman Committee on Appro-
priations, Houae of Mepreaentatwee.
Mr. HAWLEY. Now, Mr. Speaker, so far
as I know, no recommendations have been
made to Congress since that time.
Mr. HOLMAN. As I understand, the real
purpose for which this building is asked is
the accommodation of the post office. I be-
lieve there are no other officers of the Gov-'
ernment of the United States at that point,
■*>>? t?WP% of Jiose
of me bugj^ess of the place as a port ol deliv-
ery, for it is not a port 0 entry; that the
application is fay tljg erectipu of a.
post office ai Quiacy.
Mr. HAWLEXt If the ge^tleipap under-,
stands that, be is greatly ia err^r.
J-Jr. HOLMAN. . If there is any pthey ppj;-'
pose for which this" buildiiyj is to j>e used I
should be very glad if the gentleman would
show it.
Mr. HAWLEY. There are various, othef
purposes fpr which this building is jjeeded by
the Government and for which it ig recom-
mended ; it is no|i n,eeded fop a post office
merely.' Undoubtedly thpimUigiigused gora
post ofEce is entirety'insufficient ior'thatpur-
pose, and there jis no suitable fmildi'ng that can
be rented'by the Government 5 "but ,tfie building
is .also needed for a custom-house, for the col-
lector's office, for the pension office, and for
other Government offices located there. As I
hay.e already stated, the Government, more
than two years ago," wa$ paying almost fiv^
thousand dollars' rent at that place for accom-
modations for public business.
Quincy, ftS ths gentleman well knows, is a
growing city—the second c.ity in the great State
of Illinois—the largest city on the Mississippi
river above St. Louis, and, as I suppose, the
most important in every respect.
Mr. HOLMAN. The purposes for which this
building is asked are common to nil cities
of the country having ten or fifteen thousand
inhabitants.
Mr. HAWLEY. Not at all.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is a pension office
in almost every considerable city; there is a
post office, of course; and there is the ordin-
ary collecting offices. Almost every consider-
able point on the Mississippi and Ohio has a
port of deliver}'. There is certainly no neces-
sity for erecting a public building for the pur-
poses of a pension office or a port of delivery.
This bill must really be based on the ground
of the necessity of this building for a post
office alone; and I submit to the gentleman
from Illinois that it would be too great a dis-
crimination in favor of Quincy if the Govern-
ment should erect there a post office and leave
so tiast a number of cities with larger popu-
lation without such accommodations.
Mr. HAWLEY. I undertake to say that
of all the bills that have been introduced or
may be introduced for the construction ofoew
buildings none provide, for a Government
building at any place where one is more needed
than atthe city of Quincy. I would like to
know for what the gentleman would have a
public building erected, if not for all the pur-
poses I have named; for certainly these are
all the purposes for which the Government
can want a building. This building, as I have
said, has been recommeaded by the Secretary
of the Treasury at two different sessions of
Congress; it has also been recommended by
the supervising architect. It has been esti-
naated i'or. It was reported upon favorably
lasfcvSesBion by the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and. it passed the House at that time
under a suspension of the rules, receiving' a
vote of more than two thirds. If it could
have more recommendation than it has, lam
sure I do not know where I could go tojfipd it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
this House has now been twenty minutes in
the morning hour, and in that time we have
agreed tq build three public bpildmg's, only
one ofwhleh has been, recommended in the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury for this
year, and we we bow in the aet.of building
another which was beaten, when fairly, con-
sidered before the House last year, the very
same proposition. . It does j^xt come to us in
the report of the .Secretary of the Treasury.
We are asked to go down to a city of .thirty-
five thousand inhabitants and build ^custom-
house in it-—an interior city way up thestream,
two thousand miles from the sea. The bill is
here ia manuscript, as all the other bills have
been, and 110 one out of the committee is sup-
posed to have read them. They have been each
once rapidly read atthe Clerk's desk, and we
are voting out of the Treasury by pledge in
this way money without stint and without hin-
derauce. The yeas and nays cannot be had on
a test vote. Only nine members care enough
about the matter to vote for the yeas and nays.
One gentleman was so anxious to save the
time of the House yesterday that he rose and
said, " Do not use up the public time by call-
ing the yeas and nays." No, we will use up
the public money, we will open the gates of
the Treasury widespread on all sides, but this
precious public time, which if abridged would
save some of these expenditures to the Gov-
ernment, is not to be interfered with 1
Mr. Speaker, I admit the morning hour is
valuable. A man who has the impertinence
to rise and say anything to prevent this state
of things is of course an impertinent inter-
meddler ia the estimation of gentlemen on this
floor who are anxious to push these things
through without due consideration. But L
must say I long for the days of Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, that man who was so uncomfortable
in the House, but whose memory was blessed
by every man just as soon as the session was
over. As soon as members went away from
the sessions of the House and got upon the
stump, they were all the time blessing the Lord
that Ellihu B. Washburne was in the House to
save useless expenditure of the public money.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Let me say to the
gentleman from Ohio that the very man he
speaks of got more appropriations for his own
town that -anybody ever got.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
has named the one thing, and I am glad to say
the only thing, he could name in the career of
Ellihu Washburne to which any objection could
be made; but I do not propose to enter into a
general defense of Mr. Washburne.
My friend [Mr. Holhan] on the other side,
let me say, has not been as diligent as he used
to be in reference to these matters. By my
nature, by my habits and my tastes, I am un-
fitted to do this thing, but I felt it was my duty
to call the attention of the House to what we
are doing this morning. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] pulled out his watch
on this floor, and looking at the passage of
time, said, J'lam ready to report that in the
last eight minutes there has been what I have
never known to liav§ been done before, and
what I believe has never before been done in
any legislative body in the world: $50,000,000
have been appropriated in two bills in the
course of only eight minutes ; $30,000,000 was
appropriated by the first bill in three minutes,
but it took five minutes in order to pass the
other$20,000,{)00." Thegentleman from New
York signalized that , event by that remark.
It was then in the time of war, when the coun-
try felt there should be. no limit to voting
whatever was necessary in order to secure suc-
cess for out* arms. Now, in the time of pro-
found peace, when we have not political
excitement enough to call the yeas and nays,
we have passed three bills this morning for the
Erection oFpublic buildiugs, and we have now
another on the way for the same purpose, and
have aot yet consumed twenty minutes of the
mpniing hour. We have now got down to a
town 0? thirty-five thousand inhabitants, I
ca;  say,one thing to my distinguished friend,
that I have no such great interest in putting
any. public buildings anywhere as will absorb
all my time,, and all my efforts, and all my
views ia regard to any other interest, in order
that that particular interest m ay succeed.
But there is a little town of .tea thousand
inhabitants. They want a post office, and they
think the Government ought to build it be-
cause it is a fine thriviag town. And now if
you give it to Quincy you come within a very
few- notches of Youngatown, Ohio, and I shall
feel authorized, if not bound, should this
