1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
which excites the surprise and admiration of
the world, and is the subject of just and well-
founded national pride.
The Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,]
who opposes the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois, proudly refers to these achieve-
ments of the Administration. I go quite as
far as that honorable Senator in applauding
what has been done. It is because I approve
with all my heart every effort made to prevent
fraud and to punish frauds, to prevent abuses
and to punish abuses, that I would establish
this standing committee for the purposps indi-
cated by the amendment, and clothe it with
ample powers. The facts demonstrate to the
comprehension of the whole country that much
has been done, but facts also show that there
is a demand that we should do more. The
President and the Executive Departments,
Congress and the people, ought to go to the
extreme verge of constitutional power in every
practical measure that tends to insure fidelity
in all branches of the civil service.
Sir, I have no sympathy whatever with any
movements here or elsewhere, if any such
movements there are, intended to assail the
executive department of the Government.
Nor have I either sympathy or respect for that
superserviceable zeal that rushes to the sup-
port of the Administration when nobody ques-
tions or assails it. I see no reason why Repub-
licans in or out of the Senate should either
assail the executive department of the Gov-
ernment or hasten with unmanly servility to its
defense. Sir, this is the Senate of the United
States; we are a portion of the Administration;
we must take our full shai'e of responsibility ;
and the Senate is most faithful to the execu-
tive department when it is the most vigilant,
watchful, and active inpreventingabuses and in
correcting abuses. Sir, this is to be a stand-
ing committee, not raised against the present
Administration, but to endure through many
Administrations for long years to come. It
matters not whether we adopt the resolution
as originally introduced and then give it the
instructions contemplated in the amendment,
or whether we accept the amendment now.
The result is the same. If Senators are in favor
of taking each separately they cannot object to
taking them both together. As the amend-
ment has been offered by a Senator of long
and large experience, and is vigorously pressed
by other Senators, I ask Senators if it is wise
to have a divided vote. Sound policy dictates
that we should take the amendment, give a uni-
ted vote, and appoint a committee of Senators
of large experience and high character, that
will give an assurance to the country that all
will be done that becomes honorable men, to
keep the Administration and all its depart-
ments pure and stainless.
If I understood the Senator from California
aright, he told us that no convictions had been
made by the judicial tribunals for defalcations
and frauds; that the conviction of Major Hodge
by a military court was the only instance m
which punishment had been meted out to de-
linquents. Does not that Senator know that
many persons were convicted during the first
year of President Grant's administration for
larcenies and frauds committed during the pre-
ceding Administration? Does he not know
that two assistant collectors at Baltimore, the
collector at Buffalo, and a clerk in the Treas-
ury Department, and many others have been
convicted, and sent to the penitentiary? The
report of the Attorney General shows that six
hundred and eighty-eight persons were con-
victed of criminal offenses during the year
1870. The report for 1871 has not yet been
made, but I have a report made to the Attorney
General of the conviction of several persons
in November, whose sentences, in the aggre-
gate, amounted to more than fifty years' impris-
onment in the penitentiary.
Mr. CONIvLING. What is that a list of?
Mr, WILSON. A list of persons convicted
in November last, in the United States court,
and in the aggregate sentenced to many thou-
sands of dollars fines and fifty-five years of
imprisonment.
Mr. POMEROY. What State is that?
Mr. WILSON. The State of Kansas. There
are from two hundred to three hundred men in
the penitentiaries of this country, many of
whom are now begging for pardons, who have
been convicted for offenses against the Gov-
ernment. In the history of this nation there
has never been such vigor in prosecutions as
there has been during the lastyearor two, and
especially under the new organization of the
Attorney General's Department.
Mr. CONKLING. The Bureau of Justice.
Mr. WILSON. The Bureau of Justicc. I
want Senators to remember the fact that since
General Spinner, one of the most faithful men
that ever served this nation, has held his office,
more than forty thousand million dollars have
passed through the Treasury Department.
There are four hundred persons, men and
women, counting money and bonds and securi-
ties there daily. There is an investigation now
going on there involving the examination of
accounts to the amount of $800,000,000. We
had a couple of poor women punished for
stealing a few dollars in that Department,
and had one man punished for stealing seven
or eight thousand dollars. He was a man of
ability, trusted, known for his ability. Within
a few days we have had a development of defal-
cations there of two men known to be men of
ability. Talk of civil service reform reaching
such men as those! Why, sir, they were just
the men that any system of examination known
to the civil service would approve. They were
men of reputed character, who knew their
work, but they were tempted, and they fell.
Think of forty thousand millions passing
through that Department! A system of checks
exists there more perfect than exists in any
counting-house, bank, or insurance company
in America. They have as perfect a system
as can be found in the best banks or in the best
mercantile houses in the country, and they
have very much morein the way of checks and
balances; and if there is a human intellect
that can devise anything to give additional
security, let us have it.
It is one of the marvels of the world that
we have not lost more ; and compared with your
banking institutions, with the counting-houses
of your great merchants, with your insurance
companies, with all the relations of life, the
losses have been very insignificant.
We have better men in the Departments
than when I came into this body, and I
venture to assert that the average amount of
work performed by the clerks now is far in
excess of what it was then, and that in their
habits of life there has been quite as marked
an improvement.
Sir, compare the present with the "good
old times." John Tyler, son of President
Tyler, stated a day or two ago, in a speech, that
of ninety-eight receivers of public money in
Van Buren's administration ninety-two were
defaulters. We have no such corruption as
existed in this Government in those days. In
comparison with the money handled the im-
provement is as a hundred to one. I heard
Mr. Corwin, Secretary of the Treasury in 1852,
say that he believed from twenty-five to thirty-
three per cent, of the money appropriated by
Congress was stolen, or in some way or other
did not go properly to carry out the purposes
for which it was appropriated. Now, I ven-
ture to say, there is not five per cent.
Mr. BLAIR. Will the Senator yield to me
a moment?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator from Massachu-
setts is very boastful about this Administration,
and its vigor in prosecutions. I should like to
call his attention to the case that recently oc-
curred in Arkansas, where the district-attorney
and marshal were both removed after procur-
ing an indictment against an offender against
the laws of the United States.
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will permit me, I think I can answer
the inquiry.
Mr. WILSON. Very well.
Mr. SCOTT. That has been a subject which
has been before the public to some extent, and
it has been a matter of investigation to an
extent which I am not permitted to speak
about here, but I may say this much, and the
knowledge which I have on the subject enables
me to say, that the measures for the removal of
the district attorney and the marshal referred
to, were taken long before the indictment was
found against the officer referred to.
Mr. BLAIR. If the Senator will allow me
another word in answer to that, I will say that
I think the Senator from Pennsylvania is
entirely mistaken. I have the same means
of knowledge on the subject that he has, and
my memory is not as he has stated. The offi-
cers, as I understand and as I think the Sen-
ate will very soon have occasion to know, were
turned out of their offices for finding an indict-
ment against a person for violating the laws
of the United States.
Mr. WILSON. I say to the Senator from
Missouri that I am not boastful about the
Administration, and do not mean to be. I
simply desire to be exactly just and truthful
about it, and to show that progress is making
in the right direction; and we need a good deal
moreofit. We wanthis help and that of every-
body else in that direction, forwehave enough
to do, and it does no good to get up here and
have one side tell the other that we have men
in the public service who have been stealing.
The whole country knows that we have had dis-
honest men in both parties, that we have them
now, and that we have to watch to keep them
out. But there has been improvement. I
am glad of it; but I tell my political friends
here that the work is only begun and is not
finished, and I beg of them not to appear be-
fore the country as resisting or arresting any
movement for investigation, or to do anything
by reason of which anybody in the country
can say that we are shrinking from investiga-
tion or from duty. But let our united action
give assurance that weare, and mean to be, the
steady and consistent advocates of retrench-
ment and reform.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I am always de-
lighted to hear our universally kind fiiend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] make a speech ;
but after having heard him on this occasion,
I am still in doubt which way he intends to
vote on this question, but no doubt we shall
ascertain it in due time. Now, sir, in times
of epidemics science and quackery run a race
for the mastery. At the present moment in
this city small-pox is said to be an epidemic,
and everybody gets vaccinated. I have tried
it myself. [Laughter.] It works upon some
and does not upon others. It has taken with
my friend evidently, [laughter,] and 1 guaranty
him hereafter safety from that pestilentia.
malady.
It seems to me, Mr. President, that the im
mediate question before the Senate has been
greatly magnified and run into diverse courses
where it was hardly possible to imagine it
should have run. Some like to dwell upon
the records of the past, while others bid adieu
to the past to step along and grapple with the
present and the future. I have cast loose
pretty much from the past, and would be glad
to forget much of it, and so would all of us
around this circle.
It seems that the reason why this amend-
ment should be adopted is that during other
times, during times when the very atmosphere
was all beclouded with doubt and darkness,
the Senate and the House of Representatives
in their wisdom raised a committee for pur-
poses of retrenchment and reform. More than
