126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
a year ago, by common consent, (and I was
one of the witnesses of the death, and one of
the pall-bearers at the funeral,) that commit-
tee died. I supposed it was buried. It has
remained for my friends from Massachusetts
and Illinois and Missouri to resurrect this
buried committee. I repeat, it died by com-
mon consent; and why? Because the neces-
sities that gave it birth had passed away. We
had passed from the clouds and the darkuess
and the murkiness, to which I have referred to
the clear atmosphere of a .Republican Admin-
istration. Then the labors of this commit-
tee, that was good in its dav, ceased, and it
died.
_A little later in the history of our party, cer-
tain gentlemen who were filled with specula-
tive philosophy had a "new revelation,'' as
it is called among the Mormons. They dis-
covered that the honorable gentleman who fills .
the executive chair of this nation was growing
too rapidly in the popular judgment of an en-
lightened people. They discovered a universal
panacea forall wrong, which they said the Presi-
dent of the United States would not adopt; and
that was this great question of ^ * civil service
reform,'' reform in the manner of appointments
to office, and in conducting the civil offices.
This was a thought worthy of a birth, but one
doomed to die while the marks of its swaddling
clothes are yet around it. That same class
here have sought to give birth, or rather to
resurrect this old committee ; and that is what
is now sought by the amendment offered by
the honorable Senator from Illinois.
Now, sir, if any such circumstances per-
vaded the atmosphere as did when the com-
mittee was born I would vote for its recrea-
tion, because I will do anything that is neces-
sary to avert a wrong; but I will not go
for measures that anticipate, ay, promulgate
and advertise that we are surrounded by the
same dangers now that we were then. My
friend from Massachusetts says, 11 Oh, two
men supposed to be good have stolen.'' I have
no doubt of it. Of the first twelve that were
selected by One wiser than all of us one
proved treacherous and false. So it will be
away down the pathway of time as long as men
are selected for human agencies. Here and
there, to make virtue shine the brighter, there
will be these plague-spots of vice. What ad-
ministration on the face of this earth has ever
been exempt from theseinfirmities? None. Sir,
even your generals in your Army have betrayed
you. In our infantile revolutionary struggle
who but an Arnold in the hour of peril betrayed
his country and bis post? But stronger than
all that is an honest, intelligent people, who
hold to a judgment more dreadful than the
judgments of courts, who hold to a judgment
more to be dreaded than the petty fine or
imprisonment that you may impose. Sir, the
man in office who steals now goes before a
tribunal and stands in trial where utter and
eternal condemnation is written if he is false
to his principles or to his trust.
Am I to be told, Mr. President, that it is
this committee with these powers that 13 to
keep men honest? I tell vou, 110; if a man
is wanting in the substantial elements of jus-
tice and truth and faithfulness and trust, he
laughs at your committee; and it is a thing
ijuite immaterial, iu my judgment, whether
we have any committee un thin subject or not.
There is none now j aud see how quick the
late offenders have been dragged to justice.
Would that duty have been more potently or
quickly performed if this committee had been
111 existence? No, sir. The honorable Sen-
fttor from Massachusetts lias told the whole
story that the eagle-eyed watchman who j
stands at the Treasury was the first to find :
it out.
About the only difference there is between
the two propositions—the original resolution
and the amendment—is that the one has power
to send for persons and papers; that is, self-
acting all the time without any advice or con-
sent on the part of the Sen He. 1 do not like such
committees, and my friends 011 the other side
of the House will tell you how eloquently they
rallied the public mind on that point with
regard to the Ku Klux committee. I recollect
distinctly—and they almost shook my nerves
upon it—that they said it was a dangerous
power; and if the times which surrounded 11s
had not been full of peril and danger I should
not have voted for it myself. But subsequent
events have shown that our apprehensions
have been more than realized, aud have proved
the wisdom of conferring the power at that
time. That, however, is a power which i
would reserve to the Senate in an emergency.
I would keep in this body the power to give
direction when a committee should send for
persons and papers, and direct as well as may
be the able committee who may be appointed
for this purpose.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator has spoken
of the danger of clothing a committee with
power to send for persons and papers, and has
said that he was almost persuaded to be a Chris-
tian on one occasion.
Mr. NYE. Not "almost/' but altogether.
[Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. Now I should like to ask
the Senator where was his voice on a memor-
able occasion when a committee of the House
of Representatives was assuming to inquire
into the conduct of Senators of the United
States to find whether they were not bribed to
acquit Andy Johnson, and when that commit-
tee was ransacking all the telegraph oinces. and
seizing all the telegram?, private and public.
of every man there ? Where was the Senator's
•voice then?
- Mr. NYE. Just where it is now, [laughter,]
and you give me another just such a set of cir-
cumstances and I will vote for it again, as I
would to call out the militia to put down
rebellion, and as I would use all tl
our hands: but, sir, there is no such occasion
now. Throughout the Republican ranks there
is peace, save here and there one that would
be greater than his master. Throughout the
Democratic ranks tuere is a general acquies-
cence, I believe, taking their papers as a guide,
that the administration is honestly adminis-
tered.^ Aside from tha*", and at a time when
there is universal peace and prosperity, what
is the use of getting up these bugbears to
frighten people? Here vou have got vour
committee at your hand, and you advertise to
these several Departments that this commit-
tee is here ready to pounce upon them when-
ever (lie Senate tells it to do so. Is uot that
enough ?
I have said what I desired to say upou the
resolution, but I haie intimated that I see in
this thing a little animus that I think icq aires
a^passing notice, and especially on the part
01 my friend from Missouri. [Mr. Sctrrnz.] |;! original resolution?
You recollect, Mr. President, that he dwelt
upon certain alleged custom house frauds in
New York with a keen appetite, as the raven
feeds upon a dainty bit of tood,and he seemed
to perch and revel there with a delightful satis-
faction which bespoke, I think, the animus
w uicli animated him. In the cartage business
there a business with which rnvfriend seems
to be entirely familiar, fur he dwells 011 it-
he finds a man by the name of Leet. I will
read the Senator s own language, so thai I
shall not misrepresent him. He asks, " Who
is this Mr. Leet ?" He goes 011 to say that he
was a member of General Grant's staff in the
time of the war. What did the Senator from
Missouri say that for? Has he any enmity
•W1, r,?eet- ^"one. Why docs he drag that
in. J o eonneet the Executive of this nation
with that cartage business and send th<* im-
pression abroad that the President of the
United States had stooped to dabble in the
cartage business of tin; New York eu-stom.
house. No other inference can possibly be
drawn.
Well, now, sir, has it come to b  a reproach,
does my honorable friend from Missouri meat)
to say that, because Mr. Leet was upon the
staff of a general who conquered more men
and more territory iu the same time than mortal
I man bad ever conquered before, it is a reproach
1 upon that faithful man who discharged all his
" duties in the time of the bloodiest strife in this
1 country that he should be engaged iu thecart-
' age business? No, sir ; be na-ans to carry the
, impression that the Executive has stooped to
| dabble in the cartage bu.-inesj iu the city of
j New York. No sensible man can draw any
i! other conclusion. I stand la-re not as the
! defender of Mr. Leet, for I do not know him,
i but I honor him for having been called to so
j high and honorable a station, and I should be
r sorry to have the doctrine of the Senator from
; Missouri prevail, that because he had been in
i' the Army it was not becoming iu him to pro-
!; cure an honest livelihood by cartage.
j! The honorable Senator from Missouri, with
!' his military plume all reddened with the blood
j1 of his enemies, would baldly be willing to
j; have it said, as he goes to the plow, the anvil,
i' and the workshop and finds those there who
ij fought with him. that itwasa toil unbecoming
the soldier; that it wa.-> a reflection upon his
: character that after he had served bi> country
' faithfully and long and effectively he should
again return to the peaceful avocations of life.
! No. sir ; that is the glory of our soldiery and
of our citizens. 1 find no satisfaction myself
in l'ghlit.g upou eiioh a little tender spot as
! that, and perching with an air of triumph over
; tue President of the United States, Seek other
! Sam?-
; Then.when we come to look carefully at
the motive of this thing as displayed on the
1 surface—if I am mistaken gentlemen will cor-
!• rect me—it is not that they want this amend-
the i. ment, but it is that they want a machinery by
1 the power in j which they can probe around aud see if they
cannot ascertain or find some little dust that
they can throw out just belore a nomination
tJ ,rj® rlJade lor the Presidency. Give my
friend from Missouii and those who act with
him here the selection of this committee, and
I tell you you would see a report full of por-
tentous evil, and it would uot appear until
about the time the National Convention was
to sit.
Now, sir, I liiceagood, honest, old-fashioned
opposition. If my friend from Missouri—and
if anybody can, he i.- the man—can writedown
tue Administration upon the theorv ot a reform
in the civil service, let him go, ami I shall wish
him God-speed; and I hopevs hen that time
comes that nobody iu the Senak of the Uni-
j ted^States will stand up, if he succeeds to his
highest wishes, aud complain that one of bis
staff is a carter iu New York.
Nov/, Mr, President, what is precisely this
iginal resolution?
h Jleso/ceJ, That a standing cmiimittei* of seven, to
j be known as the Committee ot Iim-,-u„',i.tioii and
j! ivG.renobincnt, be eruutcl. t<_> inwVtiffat" and report
, on Mich subjects a« may | e committed to it bv the
, benatt-. sucli committee to be elected by the Senate
; as other btunuui;; commUtee^.
I hat fairer thing on earth could there be
! than ^ 'uit is the use of amending that,
1 ana what is to be the consequence if it is not
, amended.' \\ e shall see by reading the amend-
ment that is oCferetf. It is:
[ And that said committee be instructed to inquire
I ntu ttic e.\(HMiUHure,: in nil brandies ut the service
j of the t mteii States.
TV e have two or three committees that an-
: swer that end ; and not only that, but we have
e 1 eports from the beads of the DepaUuients
ery year, more true iu their statements of
the
eve
detail ihan anything any committee could pre-
sent, with all the time it could take to invest-
ceruin facts. But suppose un
• igate and
