u
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Morton.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
before me, nor bad I seen it for a longtime. I
drew the amendment from a faded memory of
the act of 1799. If the honorable Senator
finds in it offense of phrase, before we vote
upon it I shall be very glad to have him re-
duce it, or to reduce it myself, to those pro-
portions and to that scope which will properly
embrace the inquiry and the information I
Mr. SCHURZ. Ah, yes, sir. I have no
doubt that what the Senator intimated to us
just now is perfectly true. He is in earnest in
this matter.
Mr. CONKLING. No doubt of it.
Mr. SCHURZ. I have never doubted it.
It looks like it. [Laughter.]
There is one peculiar feature about this
matter, however, to which I desire to call the
attention of the Senate. The Senator has
referred to an old statute of 1799 which he
yesterday held up before our eyes. What is
that statute? It threatens with imprisonment
and fine those who are citizens of the United
States and have any communication or corre-
spondence with any agent of a foreign Gov-
ernment by which either the measures of the
Government of the United States are defeated
or an influence is exercised upon the action
of that foreign Government.
Sir, this statute held up before our eyes in
this case is a most glorious thing. Here stand
two American Senators, Senators not entirely
unknown to the country, Senators whose rec-
ord is not entirely devoid of patriotism and
service, Senators whose only aim and end is
to investigate, the abuses of the Government
and violations of the laws. Ah, sir, witness
this significant spectacle! These Senators are
met by one of the spokesmen of the Admin-
istration, flourishing the statute in his hands,
threatening them with fine and imprisonment!
Indeed a most glorious spectacle! Let it be
known in every nook and corner of this land,
let the news go forth all over the vast bounda-
ries of this Republic, that he who is in earnest,
setting his face against those in power with
fearless purpose to detect fraud, to punish
violations of the law, has by "the powers that
be " opened to him the prospect of a dungeon !
Why, sir, I never thought that the Adminis-
tration was in a condition quite so desperate
as that. [Laughter.] Things are indeed de-
veloping very last. How long will it be when
you cannot look for testimony even against
Leet, and Stocking, the Knighta of the General
Order, without having some statute dug up that
will punish you for conspiracy? Glorious!
But. sir, if the Senator from New York
thinks that he can in this way throw fear into
my soul, he will easily discover that he is
mistaken. On the paths of duty that I have
walked I have seen men much more danger-
ous than he; and before a thousand of them
my heart would not quail. Ay, sir, I will
vote for his amendment, vote for it with all
the scorn which it deserves.
Another word to the Senators from Indiana
and New York. For want of better argument
they have been telling us that this resolution
is meant to affect the German vote. 1 think
the Senator from Indiana knows well that if it
had been desired to affect the German vote at
a certain juncture when feeling ran very high,
and when it would not have required much to
set it in fiercer flames, and when I used every
influence in ray power, little as it was, to have
those sales of arms stopped and to have at the
same time that feeling soothed, he knows very
well that if the German vote was affected, it.
was by the things that were done and not by
any agitation. Had I known then what I know
now about this business, (and I am free to say
that then I knew nothing but that arms were
sold and went, cargo after cargo, to France,)
I might indeed have acted differently.
The two Senators are praising the Germans
very highly—not too highly, indeed. He who
listened to thenron Friday and yesterday might
have formed the conclusion that they were
decidedly "sweet" on the German-American
citizens. [Laughter.] I think their sweetness
would have been much more appreciable had
those two Senators, than whom there are no
others more influential with this Administra-
tion. gone at tlie time when the arms were sold
and used their burning eloquence and their pow-
erful efforts to have the mischief stopped ; for
their power was far greater than my own and
that of the Senator from Massachusetts, who
were then considered as being in opposition to
the Administration. Yes, sir, they are rather
sweet on the Germaus, although cei'tainly not
too much so. They say that the Germans are
a liberty loving, intelligent, patriotic people,
all of which is true. The German-Americans
love liberty; they are devoted to republican
principles; but let me tell Senators there is
another thing to which they are no less de-
voted, and that is honest government.
Both Senators have taken the trouble to
inform this body that no man in this country
owns the German-born citizens of this Republic.
That is most certainly true, and I am proud
of it, for I am one of them; and I am sure
nobody owns me. [Laughter.]
No, sir, no man owns the German-American
citizens of this country. No politician owns
them, no Senator does; not even the President
of the United States ; but least of all are the
Germans of this country owned by that class
of politicians who desperately cling to the
skirt of power through whatever mire that
skirt may be trailed. [Applause in the galle-
ries.] Least of all do they belong to that class
of politicians who are ready to cover up any
abuse, to justify any wrong, when the discov-
ery, however useful to the public interest,
might displease the Administration or injure
the party. Least of all do they belong to those
politicians who will sacrifice truth and right,
and justice, and honor, and pi#)lic interest to
the mere advantage of a party.
No, sir, the Germans do not belong to any-
body, and I am proud to say so. As one man
they fought the robber-nest of Tammany in
New York, and I trust you will find them in
solid array fighting every Tammany, small or
great, wherever and on whatever side they may
find it.
An attempt has again been made to dismiss
this whole inquiry by a crack of the party
whip. Methinks those who make that attempt
grievously mistake the spirit of the times.
That popular voice which demands honest and
pure government speaks far louder than the
crack of any party whip. The American peo-
ple have heard that crack before. They heard
it at the commencement of this session, when
what the Senator from New York was yester-
day pleased to call "the senatorial cabal"
stood up here demanding an investigation into
the abuses of the Government met with the
reply that there were no wrongs to be righted,
and those who insisted upon it were mere
mischievous plotters and base traitors to party
and country. That was theory; and yet when
the inquiry was had, and only a corner of that
.vail was lifted which covers the public ser-
vice, the reeking odor of corruption tortured
the very nostrils of the nation. Do you think
the people have forgotten it? They remem
ber very well that iniquity was exposed and
the door was opened to reform because there
were some men who stood not in fear of the
crack of the party whip.
And now we hear this storm of cant and
denunciation again. Gentlemen, do not de-
ceive yourselves. The eyes and the ears of
the people are open, and they have heard and
seen already much which they will remember.
No party cry will much longer befog their
senses and stupefy their minds You may try
to throw suspicion upon the motives of those
who attack corruption, but it will be in vain.
The people understand that when motives are
called into question, the motives of those who
are serving as the henchmen of power are no
less open to doubt than the motives of men
who spurn to seek its favors at the expense of
au honorable independence and their convic-
tions of duty. Let nie tell gentlemen that we
knew the road to patronage just as well as
others; we did not walk it sacrificing that
which was dearer to us.
Sir, the crack of the party whip has lost its
power in these days of ours. Mere party cant
lies stale and nauseating upon the stomach of
the people. If you think that the movement
which is now growing all over this land is a
mere plot of politicians, you will soon dis
cover your mistake. It is a new awakening
of the public conscience. It is the reaction
against the easy political morals aud the spirit
of jobbery which have grown and been devel-
oped in times of war and of great political
excitement. It is an earnest uprising for an
honest and pure government. You cannot
repel that with party discipline ; you cannot
baffle it with penal statutes. It may be a mere
commotion to day; undertake to resist it, and
you will find it a great moral political revolu-
tion to-morrow. Whatever others may do, I
have taken my lot. It is to this cause that
my heart is earnestly devoted, and with this
cause I will stand or fall.
Sales of Arms to French Agents.
SPEECH OF HON. 0. P. MORTON,
OF INDIANA,
iir the Senate of the United States,
February 21, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration the res-
olution in relation to the sales of arms to French
agents-
Mr. MORTON said :
Mr. President : For the time being I shall
pass by the discussion of the sale of arms. I
regard that as a mere trumpery concern. The
arguments offered to show that our Govern-
ment has been derelict and has violated the
law of nations and our own law will not bear
examination for one moment, and are hardly
worthy to be regarded as arguments. But, sir,
I go back of that. I go to the purpose of this
resolution. I go back to the object of its intro-
duction. I go back to the purpose of forcing
this discussion upon the country before an
investigation could be had. That is the material
point.
When the Senate adjourned last night I had
just caused to be read a portion of a speech
made by the Senator from Missouri on my left,
[Mr. Blair,] at Montgomery in Alabama some
time in the month of October last, in which
that Senator intimated that his colleague aud
other Republican Senators were remaining m
the Republican party for the present, for a pur-
pose, and in which he further stated that his
colleague had cut loose from this Administra-
tion and had burned his ships behind him. I
read from the speech of the Senator from Mis
souri on my left, because I think under all the
circumstances, in view of the fact that he is
indebted to his eolieaguefor aseatinthis bodv,
in view of their political connections known to
the world, he is authorized to speak for his col-
league, and therefore I refer to his two speeches
made in the South last fall.
Mr. President, I owe good faith to the paity
that in good faith is carrying out the policy
that I believe essential to the salvation of this
country, and I owe good faith to the men who
act in good faith with me. Any man has a
right to leave any party when it becomes dis-
tasteful or unsatisfactory to him from any
