1022
THE CONGIlESSIOMiX GLOBI.
February 14,
sky for it growing oat of the locality or the
business of the place.
Mr. FARWliLL. I now call the previous
question. ,
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay this bill on
the table.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farwellj will yield to me for
five minutes.
Mr. FAIiVVELL. I will withdraw my call
for the previous question and yield to the
gentlemen from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
for five minutes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will for the present with-
draw my motion to laythis bill on the table.
Mr. DAWES. The public buildings here-
tofore provided for have been at places where
the business of the custom-house, the post,
office, and the United States courts has ren-
dered them necessary; in large places, cap-
itals of States, and large cities like Cincinnati,.
where there are combined United States courts,
post office, and custom-house. In the city of
Quincy, Illinois, which is a young and pros-
perous city, there is as yet no necessity be-
yond a post office simply. It presents the
case of-every other city of that size in the Uni-
ted States. It has no further claim upon the
Government of the United States for a public
building than any other city that has only a
public post office in it.
Mr. HAWLEY. I suppose the gentleman
does not desire to misrepresent the fact. He
saya the city of Quincy has only a post office.
Sir, it h as four or five other offices; it has a
custom-house, a pension agency, collector,
&c., there.
Mr. DAWES. It has a pension office there,
I understand; and the gentleman says it has a
collector of internal revenue there, (and there
will be need of it at this rate;) but it has no
United States court there, and nothing except
such customs as axe upon the Mississippi river.
Now, sir, without any hostility to Quincy, but
knowing as I do how the recommendation was
obtained from the Secretary of the Treasury
for this proposed building, I cannot attach
much weight to it. When it was given out
from the Committee on Appropriations last
year that that committee would recommend
no buildings except such as had received the
indorsement of the Secretary of the Treasury,
let me say that there was a line of members
from the committee-room to the Treasury
Department, and my industrious and zealous
friend from Illinois [Mr. Ha.wx.ei] got there
first, and that is the reason he got this in-
dorsement. And now, in the light of the fact
that more than twenty public buildings stand
hanging upon the same recommendation as
this, I would like to have read as a portion of
my remarks the letter addressed to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations at the earnest request
of the gentlemanfrom Illinois, [Mr. IIawlky.]
If we are at this time to erect public build-
ings in all cities of this size, let us abandon
all attempts to reduce the tariff and the in-
ternal revenue .taxes. Let us shut up the
committee-room of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and cling to that $50,000,000 or
$100,000,000 which will be absolutely neces-
sary to meet the current expenses of the Gov-
ernment, for any reduction of the taxes and
the revenue will only be followed by a repu-
diation of the public debt if we construct these
public buildings where so many feel a desire
to have them in their respective congressional
districts. One gentleman came to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations last year, and said,
"Why, a public building is going up in the
district adjoining mine, and unless 1 have a
public building in my district I cannot go
home and be reelected." And so they spread
all over the United States. Gentlemen here
well know that the architect of the Treasury
has a personal ambition to gratify in erecting
these splendid public buildings. You can
travel west from here to the Pacific coast,
and in every one of the young and thriving
towns that you pass through the only struc-
ture of cut stone there will be a public build-
ing, going up at an expense of one hundred
and fifty or two. hundred thousand dollars.
Now, I ask gentlemen to pause in this course.
I have no specialobjection to Quincy; itstands
as meritoriously as any, other town of that size.
But how many such towns are there 1 Are
we to inaugurate a hundred of these buildings
and fasten them upon the Treasury; or shall
we say that we will erect these public buildings
only where the necessities of the custom-house,
United States courts, and post offices are com-
bined, and where the rents paid by the Gov-
ernment are-very high?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentle-
man allow me to correct a statement he has
made? I understood him to say just now that
we have not heretofore appropriated for the
erection of public buildings except where
they are needed for the combined purpose of
a post office, a custom-house, and for the use
of the United States courts.
Mr. DAWES. I did not say that. I said
that those were the questions we ought to take
into consideration.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to have read as
part of my remarks the letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, to which the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Hawley] called the atten-
tion of the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Office of thr Secretary,
February 18, 1871.
Sir: Mr. Hawley, of the House, from Illinois,
having called upon me this morning in reference to
a recommendation made by this Department at the
last session for the erection of a custom-house and
post office at Quincy, Illinois, I take the liberty of
stating the facts which prevented its consideration
by me at this session.
N-either Mr. Hawley nor any one else having
called my attention to the recommendation in be-
half of Quincy, the case did not even occur to me in
making my recommendations for the present ses-
sion.
Mr. DAWES. It will be observed that the
Secretary forgot all about the matter. The
necessity was not pressing enough to keep the
subject in his mind.
The Clerk continued the reading as follows:
I have no information in addition to what was
possessed by the Department when the letter of
March 21,1870, was written; but I presume the rea-
sons fbr an appropriation at that point are not less
strong than they were at that time.
Quincy was upon the list of public buildings rec-
ommended in that letter, and had my attention
been called to it at the present session Ishould have
made a similar recommendation concerning it.
V ery respectfully.
GEO. S. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
Hon. H. L. Dawks, Chairman Committee on Appro-
priations, Home of Representatives.
Mr. HAWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I am sorry
to take up so much time on this subject; but
I feel that I must reply to the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] who last ad-
dressed the Hpuse. It is a little singular that
the gentleman should come in here now and
attack this bill, which was reported by him
from the Committee on Appropriations at the
last session of Congress.
Mr. DAWES. Sot by my vote.
Mr. HAWLEY. I do not know that it was;
but the gentleman reported the bill.
Mr. DAWES. Let me say that the bill in
which this appropriation was included went to
the Speaker's table because it contained so
many of these appropriations for public build-
ings.
Mr. HAWLEY. This m easure was reported
from the Committee on Appropriations at the
last session, and received the votes of more
than two thirds of the House.
The gentleman says I went to the Secretary
of the Treasury ana obtained the letter which
has been read. What was the fact ? It appears
from the letter itself that I was not aware
members were running from, the committee
to the Secretary of the Treasury to get letters
until I was advised by the committee that
another recommendation of the Secretary of
the Treasury was required. Why should I
have supposed it necessary to get a new rec-
ommendation from him when he had already
recommended the work at the previous ses-
sion? I never dreamed of such a thing; but
by accident I learned that other gentlemen
were securing from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury renewed recommendations, and to com-
ply with the rule oif the committee I called
upon the Secretary to ascertain whether lie
was going to recommend the construction of
the building he had formerly recommended.
He then sat down, wrote the letter which has
been read, and gave it to me in order that the
rule of the committee might be complied with.
The committee, upon that letter and upon the
letter previously received, reported the meas-
ure to the House and recommended its pas-
sage; and it received, as I have said, the votes
of more than two thirds of the House. How,
then, can the gentleman from Massachusetts
undertake to assail this bill as one which,
standing upon its own merits, ought not to be
passed?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman knows that
I opposed every proposition of this kind, but
many such appropriations were put upon the
bill, and under.the weight of them it went to
the table. I then brought in another bill
with these appropriations omitted.
Mr. HAWLEY. I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I renew the motion that
the bill be laid upon the table.
On the motion there were—ayes 64, noes 86.
Mr. KILLINGER. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 80, nays 104, not voting
56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames. Beatty.
Beck, Bell, Bingham, Austin Blair, James G. Blair,
Braxton, George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buroh-
ard, Caldwell, Campbell, Cobb, Cox. Crossland,
Dawes, Dickey, DuBose, Dunnell, EldreJge. Fink-
elnburg, Charles Foster, Frye, Garfield, Griffith,
Haldeman, Hambleton, Hancock, Hanks, George E.
Harris, John T. Harris, Hays, Gerry W. ilazeitou.
Hibb&rd, Hoar, Hoilman. Kerr, Killinger, Lamison,
Lewis, Manson, Model land, Me Henry, McKee, Mo-
Kinney, Mercur, Merrick, Morgan, Morphis; Nib-
lack. Packard, Hosea W. Parker, Potter. Price,
Rainey, Randall, JohnM.Rice, William R.Roberta,
Sheldon, Sherwood, Shoemaker, Slater, John A.
Smith, Worthinijton C. Smith, Storm, Sutherland,
Sypher. Terry, Upson, Van Trump, Wakeman, Wal-
den, Whiteley, Whitthorae, Willard, Williams of
New York, and Young—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Arthur, Averill, Barber. Barry,
Beveridge. Bigby.Bigfrs, Bird, Bright, Buckley, Buf-
finton, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, William X.
Clarke, Coghlan, Comingo, Conger, Conner, Cotton,
Crebs, Creely, Crocker, Davis, Donnan, Dox, Oil ell,
Eames, Farwell, Forker, Wilder D. Foster, Garrett,
Getz, Golladay, Halsey, Handley, Harmer, Harper,
Havens, Hawley, John W. Hazelton, Hereford,
Herndon, Hill, Hooper, Honghton, Kelley, Kellogg,
Kendall, King, Kinsella, Lamport, Leach, Lowe,
Marshall, McGrew, Mclntyre, McNeely, Merriam.
LeonardMyers, Negley, Orr ,P acker, Isaae C. Parker,
Peck. Pendleton. Aaron F. rerry. KU Perry, Piatt.
Poland. Porter, Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts, Robinson,
Sargent, Sawyer, Seeley, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sho-
ber, Sloss, Snapp, Snyder,Thomas J. Speer, Sprague.
Starkweather. Stevens, Stoughton, Stowell, Strong,
Washington Townsend, Turner, Xwicheli, Tyner,
Vaughan, Voorhees, Wa'ldcil, Wallace, Wells,
Wheeler .Willi ams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson.
John T. Wilson, and Winchester—104.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Banks,
Barnum, Boles, Roderick R. Butler, Carroll, Free-
man Clarke, Coburn, Critcher, Darrall, Do Large.
Duke, Elliott, Ely, Farnsworth, Henry D. Foster,
Goodrich, Hale, Hay, Ketcham, Lansing, Lynch,
Maynard. MeCormick, MoCrary, McJunkin, Ben-
jamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Monroe, Moore, Morey,
Palmer. Perce,.Peters, Prmdle, Read, iSdward Y.
Rice, Rogers, Roosevelt, Rusk, Scofield, Sloeum,
H. Boardman Smith. R. Milton Speer, Stevenson.
St. John, Swann, Taffe, Thomas, Dwight Townsend,
Tuthill, Waldron, Walls, Warren, and Wood—66.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. FARWELL. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DICKEY. I rise to make a report from
the Committee On Appropriations. I report
the Army appropriation bill, and move that it
be printed, and made a special order for Tues-
