1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
8711
la suspend the writ of habeas corput, that
instrument of the Constitution so dear to the
American people. And, sir, I wish to state
briefly my reasons for doing so.
The Ku Klnx Klan being a secret organiza-
tion, it was impossible for rae to know the ex-
tent of their murders the terrible outrages
they had committed against all classed of our
citizens not in political accord with them-
selves.
Sir, the testimony giyen $gaipst mm v?ho
have been tried and found guilty by the courts,
and the confession of the men themselves,
when brought forward to receive the sentence
of the court, have fully satisfied me of the ne-
cessity of the passage of the bill and the wise
policy of the President in his proclamation of
hist. October, in which he declared the writ of
habeas corpus suspended in nine of the coun-
ties in South Carolina.
Sir, had I known then what I now know,
painful as it would have been and as it is now,
1 should have felt it my duty to have voted fqr
the passage of the bill. Sir, these people are
dear to me, and many of them are blood rela
tiQns of mine. But. painful as it may be, J
must discharge my public trusts, by voting for
the passage of the bill continuing in fbrce the
present law until the end of the next session of
Congress.
The President assured me this morning that
he would be reluctant to enforce this bill
against any of the people of this country, and
would only do so in order to suppress unlaw-
ful organizations which may be gotten up to
deprive citizens of any of their rights they now
enjoy under the laws and Constitution of the
United States.
Sir, the enforcement of this law has had
a most wholesome and beneficial effect in the
South.
in my native State, South Carolina, I was
present, last December, at Columbia during
the sitting of the court, where a number were
tried and found guilty ; but by far the largest
number plead guilty to the charge of conspiracy,
and when they were brought before the court
for sentence, all, with but one exception, con-
fessed their guilt. And I have now before me
their confessions, which I will ask the Clerk
to read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" Sentence of Sherod Childers.
"Sherod Childers was then called forsentence. and
interrogated by the court. The proceedings were as
fpllows:
" By Judge Bond:
" Question. Childerswhathave youto say for your-
self in mitigation ol your punishment?
" The prisoner did not reply.
"Judge Bono. Where do youlive?
"Answer. In York county.
" Question. How old are you ?
" Answer. Twenty-three years old.
" Quebtion. When did you first join the Ku Klux
Klan?
"Answer. Joined at the election.
" Question. Who was chief -of your Klan?
"Answer. Aleck Smith.
" Question. How many raids have you been on ?
44 Answer. That one, sir.
" Question, Which one?
" Answer. That one—that Amzi Rainey. I had to
join. I voted the Radical ticket, andl had to join in
that way.
" Question. What did you do to this man Rainey ?
" Answer. I didn't do anything to him at all.
" Question. What was done to him?
" Answer. Nothing as I seen. I wasn't up to the
house.
" Question. Where did you start from to go there?
"Answer. I started from Bullock's creek bridge,
but didn't start with the intention of going there at
all. I don't think it was the intention ot the crowd
to go there.
" Question. Whom did you meet at Bullock's creek
bridge ?
"Answer. Allen Crosby, Sylvanus Hemphill,
Evans Murphy, Ki Porter, I think is all that i met
there.
" Question. How did you chance all to meet at the
bridge that night ?
" Answer. Van Hemphill brought me word to meet
there.
" Question. You met for the purpose of going on
a raid ?
"Ansxoer. Not to go there, we didn't.
"Question, You met to go on some raid?
"Answer, We met to go on the raid, but not to go
there.
" Question. "What raid were you going on ?
"Answer. None in particular. We was just going
out in the cQuntry that night. That is what he told
pae.
"Question. "What did you think they were going
to do?
"Answer. J didn't know.
"Question. Y014 went to do anything that you were
told to do ?
"Answer, "We were not told fcQ do anything.
"Question. What did you meet at the bridge for ?
"Answer. They told me to meet the Klan there,
and I met.
"Question. "What were the Klan going to do?
"Answer. They didn't tell me.
"Question, I want you to tell me now all about
this thing.
"An&ver. X am telling you the truth.
"Question. You went to meet the Klan for no pur-
pose whatever?
"Answer, Not as X hoard of.
"Question. What was the business of the Klan;
were you in disguise?
"Answer. No, sir; not when I went; I was in dis-
guise after.
"Question. What did you disguise yourself for ?
"Answer, That was the rule of the order, for men
to cbsguise.
"Question, What were they going to do?
"Answer. I didn't hear anything, sir, they was
going to do then at all.
"Question. Then you met and put on disguises,
and then you took them off and went home?
"Ansxoer. No, sir; we didn't take them off.
" Question, What purpose had you; were they going
to do something wrong ?
"Answer. None that I heard of; didn't hear we
were going to do anything wrong.
"Question. What purpose had you in disguising
yourself?
"Ansxoer, I can't tell.
"Question. Did you go to Rainey's?
"Answer. I went to where Rainey lived, on the
plantation.
"Question, What was done to him?
"Ansxoer. I was not at his house.
"Question. Can you read and write?
"Answer. No, sir; I can't read and write.
"Question. What do you follow for a living?
"Ansxoer. Farming.
"Question. Do you work for yourself?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Have you a family?
"Ansxoer. Yes, sir.
"Question. What family have you ?
"Answer. I have my wife and one child.
Judge Bond. Childers, in consideration of the fact
that you have pleaded guilty, and shown to the court
by that that you have a measure of repentance, the
court will not be us severe as it would be otherwise.
You have not told roe the truth though; you were
in thp Big Billy Wilson raid, too. The witnesses in
the other cases have so stated. The judgment of the
court m your ease is that you be fined $100, and be
imprisoned for the term of eighteen months. Sit
down."
11Sentence 0} 'William Montgomery.
"William Montgomery, one of the others who had
pleaded guilty in thesarpe oase'was then called.
"By Judge Bond:
"Question. Whore do you live?
"Ansxoer, In York county.
" Question. How old are you?
"Answer. I am going on nineteen.
"Question. Can you read and write?
"Answer, X can read print, but I can't write.
"Question. Were you in the confederate army?
"Answer, No, sir ; I was in no army at all.
"Question. What raids have yuu been on ?
"Answer. Well, I was on the raid that thoy got
me on—the Amzi Rainey.
"Question, That the only rai^?
"Answer. That is the only raid that ever X was in.
"Question. When did you join the Klan?
"Answer. I joined it in February some time.
"Question. What did you do on this Kaipey raid?
"Annoer. Inever doneanything; I stayed with the
horses.
" Question. All of you stayed with the horses, didn't
you?
"Answer, I stayed with the horses.
"Question. Who beat Rainey ?
"Answer. Nobody, as I know of.
"The court inquired of the district attorney whether
he had any facts relating to the prisoner, saving, 'J
don't think we can get them out of him.'
"Mr. Corbin replied that he was not aware that
the prisoner had been in any other raid, and added,
'Iwould state to the court that there were some
eight or ten persons whipped that night. Amzi
Rainey was the only person specified.'
" Question. Where did you go from Ampi Rai-
ney's?
"Ansxoer. I went home.
" Question. Didn't you go with other expeditions
the same night?
"Answer. No.
" Question. Nothing was done to Rainey ?
"Ansioer. Nothing, as X know of. I didn't know
yvhere Rainey lived, nor anything about it.
" Judge Bond. Montgomery, the judgment of the
court in your case is that you be fined $100, and be
imprisoned for eighteen months."
" Sentence of Evans Murphy.
" Evan? Murphy was called next.
"By Judge Bond:
" Question. What have you to &ay to the court in
mitigation of your punishment?
"Answer. I don't know as I ean say anything.
"Question. Where do "you live?
"Answer, In York county.
" Question. What is your business ?
"Answer, Farming.
J'uestion. Do you farm for yourself?
newer, Yes, sir.
" Question. What family have you?
"Answer. X have seven besides myself.
" Question. How many children ?
"Answer. I have four children, and sisters-in-
law.
" Question. How many raids have you been oa ?
"Answer, Never been on but that one.
" Question. How many people .were whipped that
night?
"Answer. X don't know e'r a one: X never saw e'r
a one whipped at all.
" Question. You held horses?
"Answer. No, sir 5 I didn't hold any horses.
" Question. What did you do ?
"Ansxaev. I didn't do anything myself, nor I
didn't see anything done: I never saw anybody
struck tljat night; I don't think there was e'r a lick
struck; if there was, X wasn't in it.
" Question. How many of you were there that
night?
"Answer, There were nine.
"Qvextion. How many horses can one man hold
on a raid ?
"Answer. One man held them all that night.
"Question^ What did the rest do ?
"Ansxoer. I don't know what they all done; I
didn't do anything myself.
"Question. Do you know anybody that did do any-
thing?
"Answer. No, sir, I did not; I was not with them.
Some say that the party went to Rainey's. I was
not there.
"Question. Did they go anywhere else ?
"Answer. No, sir; we went from Rainey's back
home. I have never been at the house. I didn't
know where Rainey lives, myself. I'don't know
where his house is.
"Question. Did they tell you anything about it
when they came back ?
"Ansxoer, No, sir; they never said they had done
anything. They run off and left me and several
others—Mr. Kirkpatrick and James Pursely and
Allen Crosby, and I think Childers and Porter,
They all got off and left us. We didn't know any-
thing about where they went.
"Question. Whom did they leave?
"Answer. Me, and Childers and Allen Crosby and
Kirkpatrick and James Pursely and Porter.
"Question. It turns out that those who happen to
be indicted didn't do anything, and all those that
haven't been caught did the whipping?
"Answer. If there was any whipping done I didn't
know it, nor I heard of none being done.
"Question. What did you go there for ?
"Answer. I can't tell, I didn't hear anything; I
didn't know they were there.
"Question. What did you go there for ?
"Ansxcsr. I didn't know they were going there.
" Question, What did you go for ?
"Ansxoer. I was going home from work and met
up with them and they asked me to go along ; said
they was going to ride around apiece that night;
didn't say for what purpose, nor I didn't ask them.
" Question. You didn't want to' know, I suppose.
What did you go back for ?
"Answer. To go home.
" Question. Had you ridden far enough ?
"Answer. I suppose so; the crowd turned back
and I had to.
"Question. Had a pleasant ride in the evening
and then returned ?
" Answer. I don't know whether it was very pleas-
ant or not, we returned home.
" Mr. Hart. I think your honor misunderstood the
prisoner about the parties whom he names as being
present as being only those indicted in this case who
are absent; I understood him to say that Allen
Crosby, himself. Porter and Childers, were those
that were left behind. Montgomery is indicted and
here—
" Judge Boxd. Montgomery only hold the horses,
though.
" Question. Can you read and write?
" Ansxoer. Not much—-a little.
" Question. What is your name ?
" Answer. Evans Murphy.
"Judge Bond. The judgment of the court is in
your ease, that you be fined $100, and be imprisoned
for eighteen months."
" Sentence of Hezekiah Porter,
Hezekiah Porter was next called for sentence.
By Judge Bond :
" Question. Where do you live?
" Answer, In York county, sir.
"Question. How old are you?
"Answer, I am nineteen years old.
" Question. How many raids have you hepn on ?
"Answer. One, sir.
" Question. What raid was that ?
" Answer, On Rainey.
"Question. What was done to Rainey?
" Answer, Not anything that I know.
" Question. What was done that night ?
" Answer, I don't know, sir, as there was anything
done.
" Question. Where did you meet the raiding part}?
"Ansxoer. I met with them down there at' Bui-
lock's creek bridge.
" Question. What did you go there for ?
" A nswer. I was warned to go there,
" Question* By whom?
