1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
occasion should arise when they wanted to
investigate some special thing in that respect.
My friend from Missouri will rise in his place
and say. "I move that this committee be
clothed with power to investigate such and
such expenditures." They go on their errand ;
they start on their mission; thoy return, and
lay here at the feet of the Senate their doings.
How quick is that reached?
Again:
Whether any and what salaries or allowances
ought to be reduced.
Now-a-days there is a little clap-trap, or as
has been said, a little stump specch stuck into
a resolution. It is a fact well known that there
is 110 class of people so poor (and I call the
large majority of my friends to bear me wit-
ness) as those who live on salaries. A Sen-
ator of the United States gets ยง5,000 a year;
and his boarding-housekeeper has it before
ninety days. [Laughter.] Some one will say
$5,000 is an enormous salary! This commit-
tee are to gravely sit here on the question
whether they cannot live on $3,500 a year;
and my friend from Missouri and my friend
from Illinois and my friend from Massachu-
setts seem to deem it important that some
committee should report on that. Sir, here is
a Committee of the Whole that will report on
that in a minute. A clerk gets from eight to
twenty-five hundred dollars a year, and lives
in Washington, where every pound is a dollar,
not in weight, but in price, and every shelter
costs a quarter. [Laughter.] 1 think it would
bo a good thing, and I should like to see my
friend from Missouri at the head of a commit-
tee going around and inquiring of the poor
Treasury girls how much they save; and that
committee must go with power to send for per-
sons and papers and bring out the satchel of
the laboring girl and examine it and see if
there is not something in itl Nonsense! Sen-
ators ought to be engaged in bigger business.
My friend from New Hampshire [Mr. Patter-
son] sits back there and laughs. He has
tried it, and does not want any more of it.
[Laughter.]
Next, sir, go to your Cabinet officers. They
get $8,000 a year. Stand aghast, ye reform-
ers, and tell me ye head of the ei\ii reformers
what would you put them at? Some of tliem
have to live in room.3 now, they cannot keep
house. Oh, the power of this committee is
to act like a charmer and whisper into the ear
of every Cabinet officer to know how much
he saves, when the world knows that they are
struck with blasting povertyevery one of them.
[Laughter.]
Go to your clerks in the Departments. I
was especially pleased with the glowing blush
that my friend from Massachusetts had about
the laboring man. 1 like to see these, period-
ical spasms for labor. [Laughter.] I have
labored all my life and as hard as the man
that toils with lus hands, and so has my
friend from Massachusetts. If he is the friend
of the laboring man in the navy-yard that
swings the broad-ax and the sledge-hammer,
or that drives the spikes into the ship or that
fixes the rigging, why should you not be*a
friend of him who, while they sleep, toils over
his midnight oil in performing duty to this
Government? Why start it here? I under-
take to say that so many people were never
aggregated together that discharged their duties
so honestly and honorably and fairly. But yet
we must have this committee ou salaries, which
committee shall have a clerk, driving in the
spigot and palling out the bung! Again:
Whatarethe methodsof procuring accountability
in public officers or agents in the care and disburse-
ment of public money.
That is a good thing._ Sir, every man at the
head of these bureaus is a man of reputation
enough to know that the system he inaugurates
will be sufficient and ample, or that he will be
the sufferer. Again:
Whether any officers, or agents, or other persons
have been or are employed in the public service
without authority of law.
I imagine my distinguished friend from Mis-
souri, for he is a leader in this movement,
going into the navy-yard at New York. The
commandant says: "Good morning, sir; who
are you?" "Mr. Schorz, the head of the in-
vestigating committee; I want to see your
books." He shows them. "That is not quite
enough; I want to talk with your men; bring
them up." They are brought up; and the
Senator says to them: " I want to know if
any of you are employed without authority of
law!" My short answer to all that is that
when the Secretary of the Navy makes his
report, and shows the number of hands em-
ployed, we can look at the law, and we have
the means of ascertaining right here, without
giving any special authority to a committee to
see whether there is a law for the employment
of a particular man or not. Again:
That said committee be authorized to sit during
tho recess of Congress, to send for persons and papers,
and to report by bill or otherwise ; and that said com-
mittee may appoint a clerk.
What are they going to do during the recess ?
The Senate isgone. Somebody from St. Louis
writes a letter to the chairman ot that, coinmit-
mittee, my honorable friend in front of me,
[Mr. Schuhz,] and says: " I gravely mistrust
that there is stealing going oil iuthisuavy-yard
below here." One blast upon his bugle horn
would summon the whole committee, and a
special train is chartered and away they go to
the place, and the Mr. Somebody who wrote
to him does not appear. That is economizing
Government expenses! That is what I call
strict economy, to have this committee playing
the dog upon the track of tho pursued hare,
when nobody put sues that they know of, or
nobody of any responsibility; but that is what
is asked by this amendment.
Mr. President, my friend from Massachu-
setts in his glow to-day thought we were losing
ground in public estimation by not giving all
these powers to the proposed committee. My
friend will remember that two or three times
at the last session he had just such forebodings
that the Administration was losing ground ;
that the Republican patty was being weak-
ened ; and so had our friends on the opposite
side. But I never coincided for a moment, with
that apprehension. I knew that the ground
upon which the Republican patty stood was
not to be shaken. I know it now. 1 know
that this Administration was honest in its
endeavors to promote the material interests of
this country. I saw bv every month's report
a disappearing debt auda rising credit. 1 saw
men of all parties commending the integrity
of this Administration. 1 shared in none ot'
the apprehensions of tho honorable Senator
from Massachusetts. And how have my proph-
ecies been verified?
from California to the most distant eastern
States the trumpet that they have blown has
given forth no uuceitaiu sound. It was heard
upon the mountains of California, and echoed
back from North Carolina and the Everglades.
So it will be again if we ourselves do not
become indorsers of doubt and filled with
apprehensions about the manner in which the
Administration shall be conducted. It is
strengthened every day; and you need not tell
mo that a committee of this eharae'er, that is
to go out at its own volition to hunt into any-
thing it pleases, is going to strengthen the
Administration. No, sir; we should stand
erect with full confidence in the integrity of
the party ; and though here and there may be
a case of recreancy and crime, it is no more
than has blotted society from its eaiiiest in-
ception to the present moment. Shocking
as it is, yet it is a living fact which all history
confirms, that now and then man's lower nature
gets too strong for him and he yields to temp-
tation; but so long as the heltn of the ship is
steady and in strong hands, as it is now, no
matter if a sailor drop here and there, sue
will reach the haven of success, and no com-
mittees will save it and no committees hurt it.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, the Senator
from Nevada, as is well known, is magnificent
in his oratory, and we all delight in listening
to the music of his voice. However fond we
may be of earnest disquisition, we all enjoy
comedy ; but I fear the usefulness of the jester
is in most cases confined to the walls of the
theater. At any rate, however severe some
of his sayings may appear, yet we readily for-
give him for the amusement he affords. If
the Senator is satisfied with the role he plays,
nobody else hiisany reason to find fault with it.
Let me treat what he undoubtedly desired
to represent as argument in a seiious way. I
think it is a general experience that a bad
cause in extreme cases finds its last resource
of defense in throwing suspicion upon the
motives of an opponent; and thus we have
heard in the speech of the Senator from Ne-
vada not a single word to disprove the facts
which I have stated, not a single word to
extenuate the scandals which I have exposed
in quoting the report of the Committee on
Retrenchment, but he was simply making an
attempt, to throw suspicion upon my motives,
as if I had no other object in view but to
represent a soldier as not entitled to public
employment, and the President of the United
States as being personally interested in the
carting business at New York. I candidly ask
the Senate was there a single word in my
speech from which the Senator from Nevada,
with all the arts of oratory of which he is so
perfect a master, could draw the astounding
conclusion that I thought a soldier was not, as
such, as fit a man for public employment as
any oneelse? Is it not an inference absolutely
unwarranted by my words? If there were any-
thing reflecting upon Colonel Leet's character
as a soldier in the simple statement I made,
the colonel indicted himself, as I will prove by
simply quoting from his testimony.
Mr. OONlvLING. What page do you read
from?
Mr. SCHURZ. Page 91:
" George K. Leet sworn.
" Question. When did yon come to the eity?
"Answer. A year ago last spring, with the inten-
tion of lemaining.
" Question. l''loir) what place?
"Answer. Prom Washington.
" Qiiebhon. llave you been a long time resident
tliere ?
"Aniwer. Yes; I was there since 1864, before com-
ins here. I was an officer in the Army.
" Question. YVcre you on General Grant's staff?
"Aneicer. Y <?, sir; Iservcdwith Grant three years.
" Quedion. In what business did you engage here?
"Answer. Bonded warehouse and general-order
storage."
There it is, Colonel Leet indicting himself,
according to the construction put upon it by
the Senator from Nevada ; and now that Sen-
ator goes into a wonderful flight of eloquence
to denounce ine, as if I had said something ex-
cessively improper in merely stating the fact
that Colonel Leet, before he went to New
York, had been an officer on General Grant's
staff.
Now, a word as to the other charge, that I
meant to accuse the White House of being
connected with the carting business of New
York; and here ยฃ may allude to some expres-
sions used by the Senator from New York
[Mr. Conkijng] yesterday. The Senator said
that the case of llio general-order business, of
which I gave some illustrations yesterday in
my remarks, was virtually closed up by the
committee in its last report. Yes, sir; the
committee undoubtedly indulged in the fond
delusion that the case was wholly finished ; for
it had some reason to believe that when such
a scandalous system of robbery as the so-
called general-order business administered by
Leet and Stocking, in New York, was exposed
to public view, the Administration would
eagerly jump at the chance to put an end to
the disgrace; but it turns out that the com-
mittee found themselves greatly mistaken. If
they really considered the case closed by their
exposure of it, expecting the Administration
to apply the necessary remedy without delay,
