1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1023
day nextl after the morning hour, and from
day to day until disposed of.
Mr. HALE. I want the floor to move to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the Navy appropriation bill.
Mr. PLATT. I hope gentlemen will not
interfere with the pending bill.
The SPEAKER. At the expiration of sixty
minutes, the morning hour having expired, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania has the right to
make a report from the Committee on Appro-
priations, and the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Hale] the right to move to go into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
naval appropriation bill. Do the gentlemen
withhold their motions until the peuding bill
is disposed of?
Mr. HALE. If the pending bill will only
consume a short time, I am disposed to with-
hold my motion for the present; but I do not
yield if it be the understanding that after the
previous question has been seconded we are
to go on and discuss the bill for another hour.
Mr. FARWELL. I have called the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOLM AN. Is it not in order for any
other member of the House to move to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the pending appropriation bill?
The SPEAKER. It would be.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I make that motion.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen will under-
stand that at the expiration of sixty minutes
the Chair does not announce the close of the
morning hour, but allows it to run on; but
if any gentleman makes a privileged motion,
of course the question will be put on that
privileged motion, and the morning hour will
come to a close.
Mr. HALE. Under the circumstances I
must make my motion that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the naval
appropriation bill.
Mr. DICKEY. Before that is done I desire
to make a report from the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. PLATT. What will be the effect or
the pending bill reported from the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds?
The SPEAKER. That bill will go over
until to-morrow morning, and will remain in
the morning hour until disposed of by a vote
of the House. It can only be taken out of
the morning hour by a majority vote.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. DICKEY, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1541)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending Jane 30, 1878;
which was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DICKEY. I now move that the Army
appropriation bill be made the special order
for Tuesday next, after the morning hour, and
from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. HOLMAN. I reserve all points of
order on that bill.
The motion was agreed to.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. HALE. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union to continue the consideration of the
naval appropriation bill. Before that motion
isput, however, at the suggestion of gentlemen
1 will move that general debate be extended
for one hour.
navy expenditures.
Mr. BECK. I now ask unanimous consent
to submit the resolution which was objected
to on account of the absence of the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Hale.]
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to inform the House, as soon as practicable,
what property belonging to the United States has
been sold by any officer or agent of the Navy De-
partment, or any bureau thereof, or of any of the
navy-yards of the United States, since the 30th day
of June, 1865; giving tho name of the officer making
the sale, the character of property sold, the time,
place, and manner of making the sales, and the
amounts realized from said sales, and the disposi-
tion made of theproceeds, if paid over to the Treas-
ury or into the Treasury; also, when and by whom
it was drawn, and when it has been so drawn, and
what was done with the proceeds: He is directed to
state how much money has Been spent by his Depart-
ment, and tho officers and bureaus thereof, since the
30th day of June, 1865, in addition to amounts appro-
priated by Congress for the service of the current
fiscal year commencing July 1,1865,
There was no objection; and the resolution
was received and adopted.
post office deficiency bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, reported back House
bill No. 625, making appropriations to sup-
ply a deficiency in the appropriations for the
salaries and contingent expenses of the Post
Office Department for the current fiscal year,
with the recommendation that the amendment
of the Senate be concurred in.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Page 1, lines three and four, strike out the words,
"caused by the defalcation of F. A. McCartney,
late disbursing clerk."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is a merely
formal amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was
concurred in; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pension appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, also, by unan-
imous consent, reported back from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations the bill (H. R. No.
1071) making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United
States for the year ending June 30, 1873, with
the recommendation that the amendment of
the Senate made thereto be concurred in.
The amendment was read, as follows:
At the end of the bill add the following:
Provided, That the appropriation aforesaid for
Navy pensions, and the other expenditures under
that head, shall be paid from the income of the
Navy pension fund, so far as the same may be suffi-
cient for that purpose.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the amendment
was concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
rivers and harbors op long island.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of War, in answer to a resolution of the
House of January 30, 1872, in relation to the
survey of the rivers and harbors of Long
Island ; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
john f. wotring.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous eon-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to ex-Lieutenant
John F. Wotring, claiming compensation for
services as first-lieulenant of company L,
West Virginia cavalry ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
levi i.ee.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to Levi Lee;
which was referred to the Committee on Inva
lid Pensions.
atchison and santa i'fi railroad company.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
secretary of State of the State of Kansas, trans-
mitting a joint resolution of the Legislature
of Kansas concerning the Atchison, Topeka,
and Santa F6 Railroad Company, and the
extension of the time for the completion of its
railroad: which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands, and ordered -to be
printed.
northern and northwestern lakes.
The SPEAKER, also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to appropriations
for improvements of the northern and north-
western lakes; which was referred to the
Committee! on Commerce, and ordered .to be
printed.
francis v. de costa.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to Francis V.
De Costa, late sergeant and acting captain of
company D, first battalion Mississippi marine
brigade cavalry; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
wagon-brid0e at moline.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, asking for an appropriation
for the completion of the wagon-road bridge,
connecting Moline with Rock Island, Illinois;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
internal revenue officers.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a reso-
lution of the House of December, 1871, in
relation to the amounts paid to officers of the
internal revenue as salary, traveling or con-
tingent expenses, fees and moieties, for the
twelve months next preceding the 1st day of
Mareh, 1869, and the 1st day of December,
1871; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
statistics of steam vessels.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a reso-
lution of the House of January, 1872, trans-
mitting a statement of statistics pertaining to
steam vessels upon the different waters of the
United States during the years 1868, 1869,
1870, and 1871; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SHELLABABGER. I should like to
move that three hundred extra copies of that
communication be printed.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will
write a resolution for that purpose he will be
recognized by the Chair to move it, and it
will be referred to the Committee on Printing,
under the rules.
new haven harbor, etc.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
gent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution
of the House, in relation to the improvement
of New Haven harbor and Housatonic river,
Connecticut; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered tobeprinted.
james crctchett.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, asked and ob-
tained unanimous consent to withdraw from
the files of the House papers in the case of
James Crutchett.
leave of absence.
Mr. GETZ, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave of absence for his col-
league from Pennsylvania, Mr. acker, until
Tuesday, on account of a death in his family.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. ORR asked and obtained unanimous con-
sent to withdraw from the files of the House
