1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr.. Morton.
Senate.
cause; but it occurs to me that he is bound to
do it in a public way, and to make known his
purpose, and that he shall leave it in the same
frank and public manner with which he has
heretofore acted with it.
The Senator from Missouri on my right
[Mr. Schorz] has declared 011 this floor that
in case the Republican convention at Phila-
delphia shall make a particular nomination he
will not support it, and the men who are act-
ing with him in Missouri, and the men who
are known as the authors of what is called the
Missouri movementarein open warfare against
the Republican party itself, and have called a
separate presidential convention to meet in
the city of Cincinnati on the 1st of May to
put a ticket in the field in hostility to the ticket
that shall be nominated m Philadelphia on the
5th of June.
I call attention to these facts that we may
know just where we are. I am not finding
fault with these gentlemen for what they are
doing, but I atn merely stating the situation.
I do not want to be cheated myself, and I do
not want my party to be cheated. Let us all
act understandingly, and we shall be the bet-
ter able to comprehend the spirit and the pur-
pose "of the movement in the Senate, and to
understand the whole political condition of
the country.
The Cincinnati movement is a movement
against, the Republican party, not simply against
General Grant. The men who are carry mg on
that movement have not said that they will
support anybody nominated by the Philadelphia
convention. They have put that convention
at Cincinnati upon a basis antagonistie to the
acknowledged principles and policy of the
Republican party.
I think a congressional movement of this
kind for the purpose of affecting a nomination
for President or a presidential election, known
to all the world as having that object and no
other, is not sanctioned by the spirit of our
institutions. Why, sir, I remember, from read-
ing the history of it, that in 1824 an attempt
was made by a movement in Congress to con-
trol the nomination of a candidate forthe Pres-
idency, and how it was rebuked. I remember,
too, that in 1864 it was said that Mr. Lincoln
had not ten friends on the floor of the Senate,
and that there were not fifty members of the
other House who were friendly to him; but
the people were for Mr. Lincoln, as theyaie
now lor General Grant, and they overruled the
spirit and the purpose of politicians in Con-
gress, as they will overthrow this attempt and
other attempts that may be made on this floor
to control the next nomination for President
by the Republican party.
Mr. President, I call attention again to the
platform recently adopted at Jefferson City by
the movers for this independent convention,
and 1 shall ask the Secretary to read the prin-
cipal resolution. As I had occasion to state
on Friday, the platform is in every respect
Democratic, was adopted by the Connecticut
Democracy, and breathes the spirit of hostility
in every line of it, so far as it does not consist
of glittering generalities, to the Republican
party and to its principles and policy. Tt, is
true, it contains one resolution that the Dem-
ocratic party cannot agree upon, and that is
in regard to the tariff. It contains a resolu-
tion m regard to the tariff which, if it means
anything, means free trade—a thing which the
Democralic party can no more agree upon than
the Republican party can ; but it is put in here
for a purpose. I ask the Secretary to read
the resolution I have marked, as being the
pivotal resolution in the plntiorm.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" llemlv-rl, That local self-government, with im-
partial suffrage, will guard the rights of all citizens
more seeurely than any centralized authority. It
is time to stop the growing encroachments of the
executive power; the use of coercion or bribery to
ratify a treaty; the packing of a Supreme Court to
relieve rich corporations; the seating: of members
of Congress not elected by the people: the resort to
uneanstitutional laws to cure the Ku Klux disorder,
irreligion, or intemperance, and the surrender of
individual freedom to those who ask that the prac-
tice or creed of some shall be the law of all. We
demand for the individual the largest liberty con-
sistent with public order, for the State self-govern-
ment, and for the nation a return to the methods of
peace and the limitations of power."
Mr. MORTON. On last Friday I had occa-
sion to comment upon that portion of the reso-
lution which in effect declares the Ku Klux
law unconstitutional. I stated that that was
a resolution upon which the Ku Klux them-
selves could stand. It declares neutrality
between the Ku Klux and the Government of
the United States, a policy of non-interference,
and turns over the colored people of the South
and the white Republicans in the South to the
tender mercies of -that organization. But I
now call the attention of the Senate to what
follows that part of it:
"The resort to unconstitutional laws to cure the
Ku Klux disorder, irreligion, or intemperance, and
the surrender of individual freedom to those who
ask that the practice or creed of some shall be the
law of all."
I ask what does that mean? Are there any
laws of the United States having for then-
object the cure of irreligion, or of a religious
character? Are there any laws of the United
States which look to the surrender of individ-
ual freedom to those "who ask that the prac-
tice or creed of some shall be the law of all?"
Have weltny laws of that kind? What is the
meaning of the insertion of this clause in that
resolution? It has a reference to the laws of
the States, to what are called the Sunday laws.
It is a covert declaration against the Sunday
laws in the States. We know for what pur-
pose that is inserted here. We know who it
is intended to influence by a covert declara-
tion that the Sunday laws in the several States
shall be repealed.
Again, "to cure irreligion or intemperance."
Are there any laws of the United States look-
ing to the suppression of intemperance? That
is not regarded as being within the purview of
the legislation of Congress. We have never
acted upon that subject, I believe, not even in
regard to this District; but here is a declara-
tion that the laws of the States tending to pro-
mote tcmperance shall be repealed, and thrust-
ing the Sunday law question and the question
of intemperance into this platform for a pur-
pose. I merely desire to call attention to the
covert character of this part of the platform.
I intended to read an extract from the speech
of Governor Gratz Brown, made at that con-
vention, but I have mislaid it in some way, and
cannot do so.
Those who support that movement have
confessedly and avowedly placed themselves
in hostility to the Republican party and to its
organization. Sir, parties are a necessity in
this country. It is a work of time to build up
a great parly. They are not made to order.
They cannot be gotten up in a day, nor can
th y be made of disappointments and per-
sonal grievances. They can only be created
by great events. They are brought together
by great public causes. Parties are a neces-
sity to the carrying out of any principle or
auy policy. The policy of the Government
depends upon the people, and the people can-
not execute any policy unless they act in eon-
cert, and when they act in concert that con-
stitutes a political party.. Therefore, political
parries are a necessity in this Government.
I regard the existence and the integrity of
the Republican party as essential to the well-
being and the prosperity of this nation, and
for that reason I resent any attack upon the
integrity of that party as of precisely the same
character as an attack upon its principles.
You might just as well attack and denounce
the principles of the party as attempt to de-
stroy the instrumentality by which those princi-
ples are to be carried out. Every assault upon
the integrity of the Republican party is in its
nature essentially an assault upon the princi-
ples of the party to bring about their defeat.
Mr. President, I was speaking of the posi-
tion of the Senator from Missouri as stated by
his colleague, and I might now here ask a ques-
tion, and the Senator himself can put me right
if I am wrong, because 1 do not intend to say
one word that is unkind or unjust to him. I
have a right to speak of his position before
the country. There is nothing personal in
that. The question I put is this: whether,
since the first Monday of December, 1870, that
Senator has voted with the Republican party
on this floor upon any question of a political
cb^r^ctcr ^
Mr. SCHURZ. What does the Senator
mean by a "question of a political charac-
ter ? 
Mr._ MORTON. Is it necessary for me to
explain that? I take it for granted that the
Senator understands that and everybody else.
If he can refer me to a vote of his upon any
question of a political character since the first
Slonday of December, 1870, that is not re-
corded along with that of his colleague and
the Democratic members of this body, I do
not remember it. There may be such a vote.
If there is, the Senator can state what it is.
Mr. SCHURZ. I think the amnesty bill is
a question of a political character, is it not?
The President of the United States recom-
mended that an amnesty be given; and I am
sure that I voted for that. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORTON. The Senator says ho voted
for amnesty. When did he vote for it? If I
mistake not, when the vote was taken on the
amnesty bill the other day he voted against it,
or did not vote at all.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator will pardon
me. I voted in favor of all the amendments
that were calculated to strengthen the amnesty
bill; but when finally the amnesty bill was
overburdened so that it could not pass in that
way, I did not vote at all; and the Senator
from Indiana will very well remember that he
voted for all the amendments which he was
sure would kill the amnesty bill.
Mr. MORTON. That is an explanation and
correction of a statement with an argument.
The Senator says he voted against those amend-
ments that were calculated to kill the bill; but
he voted, I think, for others; and if I remem-
ber aright, the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Trumbull] said he wanted to make the civil
rights amendment as obnoxious as possible,
and I think he therefore voted to keep it
m such a form that it should change the
naturalization laws.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator will certainly
not doubt that I advocated the policy proposed
by the President in his message to give as
large an amnesty as could possibly be got out
of Congress; and I think that in that respect
I showed myself a far better Administration
man than he did.
Mr. MORTON. Ah, Mr. President, that
kind of thing will not do. I will not say it i&
very smart, but it is dodging the main ques
tioti. The Senator is for universal amnesty;
he cannot say that the President is for that;
he cannot say that the Republican party is for
that. The Democrats are ail for universal
amnesty. Are they, therefore, supporting the
Republican policy? The Senator shuids with
the Democrats on the question of amnesty, as
he does upon all others so far as I know.
Mr. SCHURZ rose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bore-
jiah" in the chair.J Does the Senator from
Indiana give way ?
