128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
they were doomed to disappointment; for the
same scandalous system of robbery exists to
thss very day in spite of the exposures made
by the committee ; and I may say that the
gentlemen who are at the head of that great
monopoly, Leet and Stocking, are even now
putting their arms to their elbows into the
pockets of the commercial community of New
York by virtue of the privilege they enjoy, in
order to fill their own.
The Senator from New York asked me yes-
terday why there was not a bill introduced for
the purpose of putting a stop to these practices.
Let me say to him that there was no legisla-
tion necessary for that purpose, just as, strictly
speaking, there is no legislation necessary for
reforming the civil service. The Executive
had always power enough to do it. The abuse
of the general-order system at New York was
created by the act of the Executive, by the
regulations of the New York custom-house,
and the abase might have been done away with
by an act of the same Executive, by the regu-
lations of the same New York custom house,
without any legislative interference on our
part. It might have been, and it ought to have
been, but it was not.
It is true I spoke of a power sustaining
this scandalous system of robbery, a power
apparently stronger than the Secretary of the
Treasury himself. Why did I say so ? I said
so after having laid before the Senate conclu-
sive evidence of the fact that in the first
place the most respectable and most highly
respected merchants of New York had de-
nounced in unmistakable language the charac-
ter of the general-order practices. I said so
after having laid before the Senate evidence
that the Secretary of the Treasury himself had
pronounced against it after having investigated
the case by a special commission sent by him-
self to New York; after having received a
report dis tpproving of the system and recom-
mending the restoration of the old regulations.
I therefore said, and I repeat it, when the
irost respected merchants of New York pro-
test against this system of robbery; when the
Secretary of the Treasury time and again pro-
nounces against ii, and wnen still that system
of robbery is kept alive to this very day, there
must be a power stronger than decent respect
to public opinion, there must be a power
stronger than the Secretary of the Treasury
himself, to sustain practices which, to the dis-
advantage of the trade of New York and of
the public service, which, in defiance of public
opinion, which, in disregard of the opinion of
the Secretary of the Treasury, merely serve
to put money into the pockets of a favored few.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. He employs the term
"which the Secretary of the Treasury has time
and again disapproved of." Shall we under-
stand the Senator to assert that the Sec etary
of the Treasu'y has tin'e and again disapproved
of the arrangement which the Senator denom-
inates an abu e, and has ordered it to be
changed ?
Mr. SCllURZ. I refer to the testimony. I
infuimed the Senate yestei day that there had
been a leiter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in the hands of the Committee on Retrench-
ment, 
Mr. CONKLING. So the Senator said.
Mr. SCHURZ.* And more particularly in
the hands of the Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Patterson,] disapproving of this system.
I would ask the .Senator from New Hampshire
once more, whether this is not so?
Mr. CONKLING. If my honorable friend
will pardon me, I do not wish any further in-
formation upon that point, for he stated it fully
yesterday. I only mean to inquire whether he
intends now to enlarge his'statement, because
he employs the words that the Secretary has
'• time and again" (if I caught his expression)
directed this to be changed? Now, if the ref 
erence is merely to the letter alluded to yester-
day, I understand that. If it is to something
else, I should like to know it.
Mr. SCHURZ. Here is the testimony of
Mr. Francklyn.
Mr. CONKLING. About this letter?
Mr. SCHURZ. About two letters. There
were two letters—one addressed by the Secre-
tary to Mr. Grinnell, and one to Mr. Murphy,
about this very case.
Mr. SUMNER. That would make three.
That is " time and again."
Mr. CONKLING. As I understand, there
were two letters—one to Mr. Grinnell, and one
to Mr. Murphy. How does that make three?
Mr. SCHUHZ. There would be two, then.
In the estimation of the Senator would the
term "time and again" be applicable to two
letters ^
Mr. CONKLING. That I do not dispute,
but when the Senator from Massachusetts as-
sists my friend by counting two into three, as
a matter of arithmetic, it is something that I
do not understand.
Mr. SUMNER. I supposed that the letter
referred to by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire was a different letter. I so understood.
Mr. PATTERSON. Allow me to state that
it was simply'a copy of a letter which the Sec-
retary had addressed to Mr. Murphy on this
subject, obtained by the committee for the pur-
pose of publishing it with the report, but which
accidentally was left out of the report by the
printer.
Mr. SUMNER. But was that letter different
from the two letters referred to in the report?
Mr. PATTERSON. Itwas one of the two.
Mr. SOHURZ. So it appears after all that
the Secretary of the Treasury repeatedly (if
that term suits the Senator from New York
better) in writing disapproved of this system,
and, as the testimony states, wrote about it
to Collector Grinnell and then again to Col-
lector Murphy, as he himself says, rather
sharply ; and yet in spite of the disapproval
of the Secretary of the Treasury this abuse
subsists to this very day.
Now, sir, I stated yesterday in my remarks
that this testimony also shows the following
things. There are two witnesses 
Mr. PATTERSON. Will my friend allow
me to make a word of explanation there?
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. PATTERSON. I do it in justice to
the Secretary of the Treasury on a single point
in respect to which the Secretary spoke to me
this morning. He had supposed that the Sen-
ator from Illinois made the remark, but I think
it was the Senator from Missouri, that after
information had been brought to him of pecu-
lations and frauds in the custom-house at New
York he had suffered that evil to remain. The
facts areas follows: after we had partially
completed, perhaps got half through with our
investigations. I had occasion to make some
remarks in the Senate upon the civil service
reform, and alluded to facts which had been
brought out in our investigation in the way of
illustration of my remarks. The Secretary
saw those remarks and sent me a letter asking
for the names of those inspectors who had tes-
tified that they were in the habit of taking
from twelve to fifty dollars from the agents of
the steamship companies in order to quicken
their industry in the discharge of vessels. I
went to the Treasury and saw the Secretary,
and told him we had only partially done our
work in New York, that as soon as we had
completed that work we should make a report
of all the names to the Senate, when he could
use that report. This, you remember, was just
at the close of the session. I made the report
only, perhaps, two or three days before the
close of the session, so that there was not time
to distribute printed copies upon the tables
of Senators, and I left immediately after the
adjournment, and had no opportunity to see
the Secretary in person upon this subject. He
told me that he tad not seen the renort, and
therefore these people remained. Those are
the facts.
Mr. SCHURZ. Did the Secretary al"o d«ny
before the Senator from New Hampshire that
he had written these letters?
Mr. PATTERSON. He did notsay aword
in relation to that.
Mr. SCHURZ. And by the way, 1 may say
that I did not make the remark which called
forth the Secretary's explanation, but the Sen-
ator from Illinois did.
Mr. PATTERSON. He supposed that the
Senator from Illinois did.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, my remarks are published, and I should
like to know what remark of mine it is that
the Senator from New Hampshire undertakes
to controvert?
Mr. PATTERSON. I do not know. The
Secretary spoke to me this morning in relation
to this point, and I said to him that I would
frankly state to (he Senate the facts in relation
to the matter. He supposed that the Senator
had made such a remark.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it would be very
well to know what remark is attributed tome.
I do not understand it. If any remark I have
made is incorrect and has done injustice to
the Secretary of the Treasury, I shall be very
prompt to correct it; but I do not know of
any remark I have made of that sort.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator made this re-
mark, that there were officers in the custom-
house in New York who were in the habit of
taking bribes. Was not thai it?
Mr. PATTERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator from
New Hampshire undertake to deny the state-
ment?
Mr. PATTERSON. Not at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator himself is
the authority for that statement. He staied it.
Mr. PATTERSON. And I state it a«am,
if it is necessary. I say there are inspec "i's
in the custom house at New York who Mrfted
before the committee under oath that, in vio
lation of their oath, and in viola'i'>n of the
laws of the land, they had taken brib"s. mid
that they took bribes every time thes discharged
a vessel; and the agent of the steam.-hip com-
pany told me they could not get their ve^ods
discharged in time until they had paid this
money. It is true that the in-speetor and
the agent alike committed a violation of the
law and were both liable to prosecution Lr
doing it.
All that I rose to explain was the relation
which the Secretary bore to this matter, for 1
do not want to do any injus'ice to the Secre
tary, nor, indeed, to anybody else, in relation
to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And I should be very
sorry to do it.
Mr. PATTERSON. I did not suppose the
Senator would.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to know if
those men have been continued in office, the
bribers and the bribed?
# Mr. PATTiiRSOM. I have no knowledge
of their having been removed. I do not know
anything about, that.
Mr. SCHURZ. Well, sir, at any rate this
seems to be certain, undeniable, and undenied,
that there exists a calling, under the name of
the " general-order business," in New York,
on the North river, which constitutes a mouop
oly estimated to be worth from fifty to a hun-
dred thousand dollars to those who enjoy it;
that this business, as appears from the prin-
cipal merchants of New York, constitutes a
system of plunder; that it has been investi-
gated by a spec;al commission sent there by
the Secretary of the Treasury, whose report I
have before me, and which report bear* date
May G, 1870; that the sysiem is also strongly
disapproved of in this report as a gieat abuse,
and the restoration of the arrangements pre-
vailing before this Administration came m is
recommended; that therefore public opinion,
