2816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
on account of the legal difficulties in the way,
suddenly gets hold of some plastic material
that makes all things smooth in the War De-
partment, all things smooth in the Auditor's
office, all things smooth in the Comptroller's
office, all things smooth in his own office, be-
cause he happens accidentally to be away 011
that day, and comes home in season to arrest
that performance, I say that the people oi
Kentucky who believe 111 the justice of their
claim ought, as a part of this nationality, to
thank him rather than to condemn him for
stopping that payment, in order that the peo-
ple of Kentucky may not be subjected to the
unjust suspicion and reproach of having had
their agents manipulate a claim which they
believed to be just through all these Depart-
ments in one day on account, of the absence of
the chief officer. So much for the Secretary.
Now, Mr. President, as to this war after
May, 18G5. The Senator from Indiana has
said tlmt he is not sure but that the amend-
ment of the Senator from South Carolina may
do an injustice to the State of Kentucky. 1
nndertake to say that there is no law ol the
United States which authorized any general,
be he the General-in Chief or the Lieutenant
General, or any subordmute, to call into the
service of the United States and to make the
United States responsible for any troops in
the State of Kentucky afier the 1st day of
June, 1865. If, therefore, any officer of the
Army of the United States after that time
called into the service of the United States
for use in the State of Kentucky, for the pres-
ervation of peace there, and the preservation
of the peace of the United States there, it' you
please, the troops of Kentucky, it was known
to the authorities of Kentucky, who responded
to that call, that he had 110 authority to make
it under the law; it was known to them that
he was calling upon them to do a duty which
belongs to every State to do, and that is, to
preserve the peace within its borders without
Federal jurisdiction, and in a case in which
the Federal jurisdiction had 110 right to inter-
vene, until the Governor, in the absence of
the Legislature, or the Legislature, if in ses-
sion, should have called upon the executive
authority of the United States for that assist-
ance.
Therefore I think it is not so clear as my
friend from Indiana supposes it may be that
the amendment offered by the Senator from
South Carolina is wrong 5 but at the same
time if it might be, it is much better, as my
friend from Indiana suggests, that we should
dispose of tliis whole subject on this particu-
lar deficiency bill in the way he has indicated.
Mr. MORTON. I renew my motion.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 should like to ask
the Senator from Vermont why he says there
was no authority after the 1st day of June,
18IJ5, to employ any State troops.
Mr. MORTON. 1 insist upon my motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very ready to
answer the question. I say it because it is
the law, as I understand.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-
tion is not debatable. It is to lay the amend-
ment and the amendment to the amendment
on the table.
Mr. STEVENSON callcd for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BAYABI). On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Anthony.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. On this question the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Blair] proposed
to pair with myself, and I proposed to him
to pair him with the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Cracjin,] who has gone to New
York. Unless the Senator from New Hamp-
shire has made some other pair, I therefore
announce for him that the Senator from Mis-
souri is paired with the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. CORBETT. I a* paired with the Sena-
tor from West Virginia, [Mr. Davis.] He
would vote " uay " on this motion, Ipresume,
and I should vote " yea."
The call of the roll having been con-
cluded,
Mr. COLE. Havingpaired with my colleague,
[Mr. Casserly,] who is out temporarily, who
would vote in the negative and I in the affirma-
tive, I vote " nay," on the same side as my
colleague would vote if he were here, in order
to make a quorum.
The result was announced—yeas 26, nays 13;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Boreman, Buck-
insham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Conklmg,
Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Erolin«huysen, Gil-
bert, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Morrill ot Mame,
Morton. Nyc, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sawyer,
Scott, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—20. ,
nays—Messrs. Colo, Cooper, Goldthwaite, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Hill, Hitchcock, Kelly, Lewis,
Ransom. Bice, Stevenson, Vickers, and West—13.
ABSENT —Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blan,
Biownlow, Cameron, Casserly, Clayton, Corbett,
Crngin, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia,
Fonton, Perry of Connecticut, Flanagan. Hamilton
of Texas, Johnston, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of
Vermont, Norwood, Patterson. Pool, Pratt, Robert-
son, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague,
Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, ana
Tiumbull—35.
So the amendments were laid on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The bill is still
open to amendment, I believe.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move an
amendment 011 page 25, to come in at the bot-
tom of that page after the word "delegate;"
in line six hundred and four, to insert the
words ''and two copies to the Library of Con-
gress." That relates to the Official Gazette
printed for the Patent Office, copies of which
ought to go into the Library of Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page 3 I
move to insert after line fifty-five:
To enable the disbursing agent of the joint Com-
mittee on the Library to balance sundry fractional
overdrafts in the following years: for the fiscal
years 1871 and 1872, $257 08, the same to be placed to
the credit of the funds named in the amount spe-
cified to each, namely, fund for purchase of books,
$12 08; fund for purchase of law books, $25 79; fund
for lmichase of periodicals, 62 (35; fund for ex-
change of public documents, SG70: fund for repairs,
&(?., of buildings in Botanic Garden, $75 17: fund
for improving Botanic Garden, $125; fund for con-
tingent expenses oftho library, $8 79.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I move the following
amendment, to come in 011 page 33, after line
seven hundred and eighty-eight:
That all peisons born in the district of country
formerly known as the Territory of Orogon, and
subject to the jurisdiction of the United States at
this time, are citizens of the United States In the
same manner as if born elsewhere in the United
States.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Is that in
order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in
order.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Is not
this an appropriation bill? The Senator from
California [Mr. Casserly] is absent who took
some exceptions this morning to the bill of
the Senator from Oregon, and he would no
doubt discuss it if he were here. I suppose
it would take him by surprise, as it would the
Senate generally, to see an amendment of that
kind put on an appropriation bill. I move to
lay it on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
Mr. STEVENSON called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand this to be
the bill of the Senator from Oregon in relation
to citizenship.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
so understands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that is a per-
fectly correct proposition in itself. I was sur-
prised and sorry this morning that any gentle-
man should have objected to it. I should
be willing to take the earliest opportunity to
assist the Senator from Oregon to pass it into
a law; but I do not think it right to put it
on a deficiency bill. Therefore I shall vote
against it.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President 
Mr. CARPENTER and others. Let us vote.
The question being taken 011 the amendment
by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 26, nays 12;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Conkling,
Corbett, Ferry of Michigan, Erelinghuyaen, Hamlin,
Harlan, Hitchcock, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey,Rice, Scott, Spencer,
Wilson, and Windom—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Cole, Cooper, Edmunds, Qoldth-
waite, Hamilton of Maryland,Kelly, Lewis, Ransom,
Stevenson, Vickers, West, and Wright—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard,Blair,Brown-
low, Cameron, Casserly, Claytop, Cragrin, Davis of
Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, lenton, Ferry
ot Connecticut, Flanagan, Uilbert, Hamilton of
Texas, Hill, Johnston, ICellogg, Logan, Morrill of
Vermont, Norwood, Patterson, Pool. Pratt, Robert-
son, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sehura, Sherman, Sprague,
Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, ana
Trumbull—36.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I have
been requested by the Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Bayard,] who was obliged to retire from
the Chamber in consequence of indisposition,
to offer an amendment. It is intended to
avoid the covering into the Treasury of a cer-
tain amount of money appropriated for the
construction of the pier at Lewes, Delaware.
He said there would be no objection to it.
They are now progressing with the work and
expect to finish it in a short time. The amend-
ment makes no appropriation of money at all.
It is simply to insert the following section :
That the appropriation for building a pier at
Lewes, Delaware, contained in sections twelve and
thirteen of the act approved July 15,1870, entitled
" An act making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government Tor the year ending June
30,1871, and for other purposes," be, and the same
is hereby, continued until June 30, 1873.
Mr. COLE. I think that ought not to be
adopted.
Several Senators. That amendment is
right.
Mr. COLE. The same application will be
made in reference to all the appropriations for
works of like character, and they are innumer-
able. If the appropriation should lapse, it
can be reappropriated. and the same course
pursued in regard to this work as others.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. They are
working on this pier now, and it is not desir-
able that the appropriation should lapse. The
appropriation is sufficient, I understand, to
complete the work. There will be no difficulty
about that, as I understand from the Senator
from Delaware.
Mr. HAMLIN. I had my attention called
to this matter, and from the peculiar circum-
stances of this case I do believe there is no
other one like it. I think the ■ amendment
ought to be adopted.
Mr. COLE. I have here the tenth section
of the deficiency bill of last year which is very
brief. It is a provision of the same kind as
this, extending the appropriation to 1872. I
will not read it, bnt merely state it. I think
there is no use in. extending this appropriation
from year to year in this way, making it an
exception over all others.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to state with regard
to^this appropriation, that the bill making it
originally was the only bill that was ever intro-
duced and passed here by the late Senator
from Delaware Mr. Willard Saulaburyj
I hope it will be allowed to pass now*
The amendment was agreed to.
HITOHGOCK. I offer the following
amendment, to be inserted as an additional
paragraph in the bill:
, enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
tue annual salary of the United States marshal in
