3712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
" Answer. Sylvanus Hemphill.
** Question. Who was chief of your Klan?
"'Answer. Aleck Smith.
" Question. Who was chief in your county ?
*' Answer. T don't know, sir.
"Question. When you got to the bridge what did
you do?
"Answer* Wo disguised and went off, on across
the bridge; I reckon they went to Rainey's.
44 Question. What did you do when you got to
Raiuey's ?
" Answer. I didn't go there.
" Question. How far did you go ?
" Answer. I went down to the bridge, and then
across the branch up in the old field.
"t Question. What for?
44 Answer. We were hunting for the other fellows;
they went off and left us.
^ Question. Anybody else whipped that night?
44 Answer. No, sir, not that I know of.
"Judge Bond. From the fact that you have
pleaded guilty, the judgment of the court is that
you be lined $100, ana imprisoned eighteen months."
" Sentence of Jiobert Hayes Mitchell.
" Mr. Corbin. Will the court take up the case
of Robert Hayes Mitchell ? He is in court.
" Mr. Hart. Your honors will rec.ollect that was
the case in winch a motion was filed yesterday in
arrest of judgment and for a new trial.
"Judge Bond. The court will overrule the motion
for a new trial and in arrest of judgment.
The prisoner arose.
By Judge Bond:
M Question. What have you to say for yourself why
the court stiould be lenient toward you?
''Answer. Well, sir, I do not know what I ought
to say.
"Question. Say everything you think.
^ "Answer. Weil, I might say right smart, and then
it might not bo much benefit. Idonotknow whether
I can say anything to be of any benefit. I ncvorwas
nrrosted. I went up to York and gave mvself up to
Major Merrill, and told him all I knew, except some
things ho didn't aj>k me and didn't give mo time to
tell him: but he sent me to jail. I came down here
with the intention of pleading guilty, and my law-
yer kept me from it, and said not to plead guilty;
said it was best for me not to do it. That was the
reason 1 didn't pload guilty. I wasn't guilty of the
charge, although i was guilty of being on the raid;
bull didn't do anything. That was proven here,
that 1 didu't ilo anything lo any one that night.
'Question. You hold the horses ?
"Answer. 1 was with the horses; I don't know
that L held any horses but my own.
'^Question. Who was chief of your Klan?
"i/moH-, Well, Chambers Brown was once chief;
Robert Riggin.s was elected after this chief.
" Question. How many members of your Klan
weie there?
"Answer. I don't know, sir, exactly, it was a
pretty strong Klan, seventoon or eighteen men X
think, perhaps.
> " Qucntion. What proportion of the white people
in Ui.it jscction do you think werememborsof Klans?
" I don't know; 1 can't say positively.
t Question. Give us your idea?
Answer. Well there is a good many.
Question. llow many raids did you go on ?
'" Answer. 1 was on that raid, and on another little
raid that we went to Charley Russell's house at
bquu e Sam Brown's and atone meeting at Sharon,
when we elected chief; I never was on a raid in my
life until the night we went to MeConnellsville—the
night Ramey was hung.
" Qucntion. Had you heard that these raids had
taken place before you joined the order?
A/turner. No, &ir; 1 joined the order in 1868, and
I never had been on a raid in my lite, and didn't
know who else did belong until the night that we
went to MeConnellsville.
" Question. X don't think you understood me ; had
there been any laids before you joined?
Answer. No, sir; there hsid never been raids.
4 Question. How soon after you joined did they
begiu?
" Annoer. Well, sir, I don't know; it was some
tune; X don't think there was any raiding done to my
knowledge after 1 joined until this las J year; a while
before thifi Chnstmas a year ago, 1 think, was the
first; might have been in October or November—I
don't remember exactly the lime.
Quoit ton. Did these people you raided upon have
any sort ot trial in the Klan ?
" Answer. No, sir, they did not: I didn't know a
thing about it until Sunday evening; the man was
hung uu Monday, and X never heard the name be-
iorc in my life; X didn't know anything about it
at all.
"Question. Didn't you think it very remarkable
that a parcel of men could be got together to go and
hang a man you never heard <>f before ?
*'Answer. X suppose there was men that did know
the negro; I didn't though.
" Question. 11.id you determined that somebody
was lo be whipped?
"Vl'iwr. Never heard that anybody was to be
whipped.
Qupitian.. There were people whipped fre-
quently?
''Arisw-r. There might have been.
" Question. X wain to know who determined the
fact that A or B should have a whipping?
"Answer. X am not able to say that; I suppose the
Klan gave the orders.
" Question. XVom the commander?
"Amwer, I don't know that.
it?
. There was no committee to determine
"Answer. Yes, sir; there was a committee. We
elected a committee. There was never nothing done
after that. We had a meeting and elected a chief.
There was a committee to attend to such things. I
didn't know there was any whipping mentioned in
it; there was none done after that, at any rate.
41Question. What is your business?
"Answer. Farmer, sir.
" Question. Farm lor yourself?
"Answer. Yes, sir* X have been the last two years.
''Judge Bryan. Mr. Mitchell, it has been your
unhappiness to have been connected with a great
crime; and if the court could believe that you were
a party to that crime, that you had suspected the
terrible deed that was to be done, and had any inti-
mation that you had countenanced it, they would
exhaust the full penalty of the law, and then it
would consider that you had been very mercifully
dealt with. But you have come in and confessed,
and your manner has impressed the court that,
although you had been so misguided as to join a
body of men to punish people, and punish them
without responsibility to the law, yet we feel at lib-
erty to believe that you have dealt candidly with
the court, and that you have told the truth; and it
is upon that conviction alone that the court finds its
vindication for accepting your declarations and
believing that you were in no way a party to it. The
sentence of the court is that you be imprisoned
eighteen months and fined $100.
"Sentence of John W. Mitchell.
"John W. Mitchell was next called, the motions
for a new trial and an arrest of judgment having
been withdrawn.
44 By Judge Bond;
"Question. Whathaveyou to say i.i mitigation of
your punishment?
"Answer. Weil, X don't know hardly what to say ;
if I was educated so as to explain myself I would be
glad to do so, but as X have but a poo,' education X
don't know how to express my deMrei>: I don't deny
I belonged to the oiganization. and never have
since X attached myselt with it. When I was threat-
ened beforehand, I thought that for to save myself
I better getinto it.andon the28thor29th of Decem-
ber last X joined the organization betwixt Christmas
and New Year's; the day that X joined they ap-
pointed me chief; they said they wanted a man that
was sober and discreet so as not to allow anything
to be done out of the way, and X accepted the office
as chief in my neighborhood; X never have is&ued
an order to them at no time ; was with the Klan on
two raids that was started to be made, but prevented
them from going; didn't let them go; the raid I am
accused of being on down by my house I wasn't
there ; I think I showed to the court satisfactorily
that I was not there; the evidence that I produced
m court, and it is not worth while for me to state
anything about that matter, because I know noth-
ing about it; I remaiued in the order till the 25th
of February and X left it, and hadn't anything to do
with it after the 25th of February; X had a dis-
guise, and on Monday morning, the 25th, X burned
it up; 1 told my wife—she had advised me lo quit
it—she didn't think there would be anything to it.
X told her I would take her advice and leave it,
and have nothing more to do with it. X would be
glad for iho court to be as lenient as possible, aa X
have a wile and seven children—my largest you saw
hereon the stand. I have a son that is married that
X do not consider as my family at all at present, and
1 have au afflicted mother that me and my son is the
only support that she has. My next two largest
children are daughters. The raid that they were
going to make on William Kell X heard of; I didn't
order the Xvlari out. X heard that they were going to
make a raid—X think that was Monday night; I heard
it Monday about twelve o'clock—and X went to the
meeting place and begged them to not go, that it
was not right to do so ; and if Mr. Kell had been
able to give in his evidence here he would have
showed the court that there wasn't any harsh words
or hard feelings betwixt him and me that night:
that is Mr. Hugh Kell. Xt was spoken of by some of
the party,X don't remember who, thatthey thought
it would be well for Mr. Foster and Mr. Hugh Kell
and Mr. William Kell all to be killed, and X opposed
it. 1 told them it wouldn't do to take the life of any
one. I opposed any such means whatever, and Mr,
l'oster told me himself that he would have been glad
to have gone on and got sight of Mr. Kell; if he had,
he would have killed him. X told him that was
wrong; he oughtn't to do that. And then on the
York raia—X heard that when X was about nine miles
from home, going to church; X turned around and
goes back home, thinking that the uran who had been
pur, in charge instead of me would order out the
Klan, and X went back home to propose if it was
ordered out to go and stop that raid.
" Mr. Melton, Who was that man ?
* Answer. Cnesterfield McKinney. When I got to
where they met, they was just coming out onto the
big road. As I rode up X went on talking to one
and another until we got down to the mill, and I
persuaded them to make a halt, which they did, and
X talked to them and tried to convince them that
they was wrong; aud after awhile there was two
other small Klans came up and asked what we was
doing there. X just replied that Idid not think that
any body had any business in Yorkville that night;
and i told them as for myself, I am going back home,
ihe rest of you can do as you please. I have been
talking to you, and if you are not willing to take
my advice, go your length. I gut on my horse and
turned round, and I was branded with cowardice.
X heard the next day from a young man of tho party
that they had threatened me for not going on to
Yorkville, and I got him, myself, and my son, and
was prepared for a week or ten days afterwards for
to meet them, provided they came on me.
"Mr. Melton. Who was the young man who gave
you that intelligence?
"Answer. Mr. John Wallace.
44 Mr. Corbin. Will the court allow me to ask one
question?
44By Mr. Corbin:
44 Question. Didn't you advise your Klan not to go
on that raid because you didn't receive expected
orders from Mr. Avery, the chief of the county ?
"Answer. No, sir: I didn't.
44 Question. Wasn't that statement made at Hern-
don Mill?
" Answer. Yes, sir; that statement was made there.
" Question. That statement was made, that the Klan
had not received orders as expected, and hence tliey
ought to go home?
" Answer. I told them that I would like for them
to show the order: there was no order produced,
and X turned round and went back home.
"Question. What was theunderstanding thatnighl?
44Answer. There was no understanding at all; only
that they were to make raid on Yorkville.
f "Judge Bond. It appears to the court from tho tes-
timony that has been taken in this ease, that you
were a very prominent man in that neighborhood,
and all these young men aud ignorant people had a
right to look up to you for direction, and then you
were a chief of a Klan, and from you all the orders
came; you were a man of property and position ; you
had an opportunity to know the transactions tbat
were going on, because you were a chief: you had
better means of information than those men had
who were always accustomed to follow the promi-
nent people in their particular section of country.
Knowing all this, hearing of the ravishing, murders,
and whipping going on in York county, you never
took any pains to inform anybody ; you never went
to the civil authorities, and you remained a chief
till they elected somebody else.
44 The Prisoner. I was afraid to do that, for fear of
ray own life.
"Judge Bond, continuing. You were afraid of
your own life from the very institution you set on
foot. You have appealed for mercy on account of
your family, and it is proper that you should appeal
to the court on tbat ground. But you never thought
of the families of these other people. Men were
taken out and murdered within sight of their wives,
and men were scourged and their wives scourged by
this infamous organization, of which you were a
chief. The judgment of the court in your case is
that you be fined $1,000 and that you be imprisoned
for five years."
" Sentence of Thomas B. Whiteside*.
" Thomas B Whitesides was next called up. The
motions for a new trial, and in arrest of judgment
having, as in the preceding cases, been withdrawn.
" By Judge Bond :
J4 Question. What have Vou to say to the court ?
"Answer. I have not got anything. What I could
say has been proven to you ; I cannot say anything
more; I can say that I did not belong to the order,
and never did—and was always opposed to it.
Mr. Wilson, sotto voce. State about that Charles
Leach raid.
" The Prisoner. Iwasnotonit. Iwasat John W.
Mitchell's the night this raid was charged against
me.
" Judge Bond. Thathas been found otherwise by
the jury. The court has got the impression that you
were not prominent in this matter. It has never
been shown that you took a part in any of these
raids, and any participation that you had, it appears
was not active. A man of your position in that
county, having a knowledge of these facts, might
have communicated them to the authorities.
' The Prisoner. I could not do any more, sir,
than what 1 did do.
" Judge Bond. You might have had someof these
people punished; this extraordinary act of Con-
gress, under which jurisdiction has been given to
the United Siatescoui ts> to punish these things, would
have been perieot|y useless if gentlemen in your
position m York county, having found out what was
going on, had united to put it down. It seems that
the people prelei red to li ve m among this outrageous
I\.kui rather thau under the government of law.
feeeing the little connection which uppears from the
evidence that you had with it, the judgment of the
couitisthat you be lined $1U0, and be imprisoned
one year.
44 Sentence of John S. yiiUer.
4 John S. Miller was the next prisoner called.
By Judge Bond:
" Question. What have you to say ?
Answer. 1 have not anything to say, only I say
the first thing l am going to state to you, lam going
to tell you how I came to be at the Sharon meeting-
house. A cousin came to my house and told me to
come and go along with him. And when we went
there, he told mc there was something puweiful to
be (lone, and I asked him what it was ; he said there
had been a man divulging some secrets, and they
was talking about shooting him. And I told him I
diun t want to go in any such a concern as that. He
said come and go along, und he told me if they asked
who comes there, to say a friend. Well, we went,
and they never said anything like that at all. X
hitched my horse and went in and spoke to them,
and never let on but what I was a member of the
Klan. Xhey said that Andy Kirkpatrick had been
