76
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-BESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Morton.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Mr. MORTON. I cannot go on if I am to
be interrupted all the time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana declines to yield.
Mr. SCHURZ. Why, the Senator asked
me a question, and I merely want to ask him
one.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly, the Senator
merely wants to ask a question. While I was
speaking the other day he got the floor forty-
six times, and interjected forty-six speeches
into mine, making it very big, bnt not im-
proving its quality. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana will proceed.
Mr. MORTON. I ceitainly do not wish to
be wauling in courtesy to my friend, but he
must allow me to proceed for a little while.
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly. All I wanted
was to put a question.
Mr. MORTON. Now, in regard to amnesty,
the Senator did not vote at all when the vote
was taken. Why did he not vote?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Indi-
ana has thought proper to allude to me in refer-
ence to amnesty. 1 presume he does not wish
to place me in a false position.
Mr. MORTON. Not at all, nor anybody
else.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senatorcannot mis-
nnderstand my position 1 think. Without taking
up any considerable time to discuss it, I cer-
tainly stated distinctly that 1 was for the amnesty
bill as we received it from the House, and 1
stated that my reason for voting against amend-
ments was that I thought they would embarrass
its passage. I may have been wrong in that,
but that was my opinion. I voted in good faith
against all amendments, and so announced,
upon the ground that I thought they would
defeat the amnesty bill. In regard to what the
Senator says about my wanting to make an
amendment obnoxious, I thought that if that
amendment, was adopted it would defeat am-
nesty, and being for amnesty I was unwilling
to unite with the Senator from Indiana to put
an amendment on to the amnesty bill that I
knew would defeat it.
Mr. MORTON. How did the Senator know
that it would defeat it? By voting against the
bill when it was put on. Two or thiee addi-
tional votes would have saved the amnesty
bill. The Senators, I believe, caused it to be
understood that they were not opposed to the
civil rights bill as a separate measure, but they
were opposed to it on the amnesty bill; hut
when it was put on the amnesty bill the Sena-
tor from Illinois voted against it, and the Sen-
ator from Missouri did not vote at all.
Now, sir, that amnesty, bill was not a party
measure, and when the Senator from Missouri
refers to the amnesty bill as the only one upon
which he has voted with the Republican party
since the first Monday in December, 1870. it
is confessing that, upon ail party questions for
now fifteen months that Senator has voted
solidly with the Democratic party.
Mr. SCHURZ rose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Indiana yield ?
Mr. SCHURZ. As the Senator is referring
to me, I suppose he has no objection to my
making a remark?
Mr, MORTON. No, sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. I can tell him another polit-
ical measure on which I voted with the Repub-
lican party, and that was the resolution to
investigate the abuses of the New York cus-
tom-house. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORTON. The Senator did vote in
favor of that, but I regret that he impaired his
vote very much on that question, he having
contributed to the understanding throughout
the country that the majority of the Senate
was opposed to that investigation. He now
claims the merit of hating voted along with the
majority of the Senate. I am glad to have
him rectify this huge calumny that was sent
abroad throughout the country even at this late
hour ; and this is another evidence that he has
not voted solidly with the Democracy.
Mr. SCHURZ. I remember another polit-
ical measure 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Indiana yield ?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir ; I cannot yield.
Mr. SCHURZ. If the Senator does not
want to hear when I went with the Republican
party on political measures 
Mr. MORTON. State it; state it.
Mr. SCHURZ. Why, civil seivice reform.
Mr. MORTON. When did the Senator vote
for that ?
Mr. SCHURZ. I say I supported civil ser-
vice reform as strongly as I could.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator supported
civil service reform. What civil service re-
form ? He introduced a bill here some two
years ago, I believe, in favor of civil service
reform. I think the merits of that bill have
not been very fully considered or adopted by
the country ; but I make this prediction, that
when there comes a practical measure for civil
service reform, and the question comes up of
sustaining the President in what he has done,
the Senator will be found against it.
Mr. SCHURZ. Did I not vote for the res-
olution of the Senator from Illinois ?
Mr. MORTON. And I make tke further
prediction, and I think I have auWority for
that, that the Senator from Illinois who sits at
the light of my friend, and who had much to
say on the subject of civil service reform,
will also be opposed io what has been practi-
cally accomplished, or what is proposed to be
practically accomplished, the Senator himself
having said, 1 believe, since that message was
sent m that he did not think much of com-
petitive examinations, and that his idea of civil
service reform was to pass a law making it a
penal offense for any Senator to recommend a
man for an appointment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to say a word?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me tell the Senator
that the very system which has been inaugu-
rated was inaugurated on an amendment
offered by me to an appropriation bill which
passed Congress, and that when the President
sent in his message stating what had been
done and what he proposed to do, I took occa-
sion to express my gratification at it. The
very plan that has been adopted was under a
proposition introduced by me.
ilr. MORTON. That is true; the Presi-
dent acted under a section put into an appro-
priation hill on the Senator's motion, but the
system adopted by the President has not re-
ceived the approval of the Senator. If I remem-
ber what the Senator said in reply to the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin, (and E am not mistaken,
because I think I replied to the Senator at
the moment, and I held him responsible to
the country at that time for the declara-
tion,) it was that so far as this system was con-
cerned he did not think much of it; he did
not think much of competitive examinations.
I think he said he did not care anything about
them ; but what he wanted was a bill making it a
penal offense for members of Congress to rec-
ommend persons for office. I base my remarks
upon what the Senator said at that time, and
I again make the prediction that when the
President's policy, which does present some-
thing practical, (for the President has shown
his faitli byhis works,) comes before Congress
for its adoption, it will not receive the appro-
bation of those who have made the most clam or
about civil service reform in this country. I
It was just so in regard to the repeal of
taxes a year or two ago. We had heard a great
deal about reducing taxation, but when there
was a bill before the Senate which repealed
taxes to the amount of nearly eighty million
dollars, those who had been most clamorous
about the repeal of taxes voted against the
bill. They wanted to take the taxes off the
articles that were iu the other bill, tnat were
not in that bill; and so it will be found here.
And when we shall come to diminish taxation,
as we shall before this Congress adjourns, to
the amount of forty or fifty millions, I now
predict we shall not have the votes of those
Senators, but they will be in favor of taking
the duties off of the articles that are not m the
bill.
Mr. President, I was speaking at the time I
was interrupted about the necessity of parties
in this country; that we cannot carry on this
Government without parties; that an attack
upon the Republican party is an attack upon
its principles, and that I stand by the Repub-
lican party not for the sake of the party, not
as a partisan, but because it is indispensable
to the execution of those great principles and
of that policy that I believe are vital to this
country. I like independence, but I do not
like that independence that reaches to the sac-
rifice of principle and the sacrifice of policy ;
and when a man has used the party ladder
and has climbed to the summit of his ambition,
and then kicks it down, he cannot thereby
invest himself with the character of a gieat
reformer or of a great patriot. If we intend
to stand by Republican principles, we have got
to stand by the Republican party.
Mr. President, during the war there were
two armies. There could not be a third. Sup-
pose a man had stepped out from the ranks of
the Union Army and had said, "It is true I
am a good Union man, but I do not like the
way you are carrying on the war, and there-
fore, if you please, 1 will fire awhile at both
parties, but ctiiefiy at the army to which 1 form-
erly belonged," what would you have called
him? Now, we have not armies, but we have
parties, and we shall only have two paities
until the great questions growing out of the
war are setiled ; and when a man steps out of
the Republican party and says, '' I do nut like
certain things, therefore, if you please, I will
shoot a little at both sides, but chiefly at the
Republican party," what wilt you call him'?
[Laughter.]
Now, Mr. President, do these gentlemen
who have left the Republican party and uni-
ted their fortunes with the Democracy expect to
leaven the whole Democratic lump? Do they
expect the mountain to come to Mohammed,
or will Mohammed have to come to the mount-
ain? Or rather, will they not be dissolved
like flies in vinegar? Will they not be fused
into the Democratic party? If they should
even succeed in changing its name, they could
not change its character. If the Democratic
party should for the time being agree to lay
down its name and come over and support the
nominees of the Cincinnati convention, would
that change the character ot the organization ?
Would it not in fact and in truth be simply the
old Democratic party? They would have the
great mass of the votes; they would have the
power ; the mere change of name would no
more alter its character than a man's charac-
ter is changed by putting on another coat—
not a bit.
But, Mr. President, this union on the part of
these distinguished gentlemen with the Dem-
ocratic party presents, it seems to me. a very
dreary prospect. I once heard of a man who
was asked to make a contribution to build a
fence around a cemetery. He said he could
not see the use; those that were in could not
get out, and those that were out did not want
