1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1921
new and extensive silver mining operations about
Austin, is but a sluggish brook that the shortest-
legged man could step across at its widest, and yields
itself up to the hot sands, groening but a, narrow line
in the broad plain in which it runs. And yet it is
the largest and almost only stream that we met in
traveling westward from the Jordan which waters
the valley of Salt Lake, and.tlie two are four hun-
dred miles apart."
In the special report on immigration, giving
information for immigrants, by Edward Young,
chief of the Bureau of Statistics, transmitted to
the House of Representatives by Hon. George
S. Boutwell, Secretary of the Treasury, March
14, 1871, it is stated that in White Pine "the "
land is good, but requires irrigation in ;|
Lander : " plenty of land of good quality, but l|
no'waterto irrigate within Esmeralda: "in ji
the valleys and on the streams there is good j!
farming land ; the land in this counfy has to jj
be irrigated from streams," showing the qual- J
ity of land to be good, although of a semi- 'j
desert character at present, and requiring only j;
water to make it available for grazing and |
farming purposes. ;
These plains when properly irrigated by
artesian wells, will, no doubt, in the first
place, become the favorite homes of stock
raisers. The information has come to me
that in western Texas those who raise stock
prefer wells to natural water-courses, and for
the very obvious reason that it enables them,
while reducing the number of their herdsmen,
to have a more perfect control of their stock.
If the stock be near water-courses, they range
at large and seek water where they please;
but if they be near wells, they must resort to
these wells, and, of cour=o. will never wander
far away.
From all the evidence that can be gathered
there can be no doubt that with a sufficient
supply of water all these plains can he sub-
jected to culture and occupied by a perma-
nent population. Farms, gardens, and vine-
yards will spring up in all directions, and it
is a prospect which may be realized, in my
judgment, by the exercise of ordinary wisdom
on the part of this Government, which now
holds in its possession all these comparatively
barren lands.
It must bo admitted, in view of the lapis
which I have already stated, that these im-
mense plains must inevitably, without, this
supply of water, (which can be obtained only
by sinking artesian wells,) remain worthless,
arid deserts, uninhabited, to any great extent,
forever. It is therefore the best economy
for the Government itself to offer liberal grants
of these now valueless lands, in order to secure
their reclamation. As they are now, they can
never yield one dollar to the Treasury. Let
it once be determined, however, that water for
irrigation can be obtained at a reasonable cost,
and they will at once be sought after by set-
tlers. And not only is it a matter of wise
economy on the part of the Government to
open up these lands to settlement, but one of
pressing and urgent necessity. They lie upon
the direct line of travel and traffic between
the two great oceans. The products of the
sot! are needed for the support of the con-
stantly accumulating mining industries. They
are demanded also to save from interruption
the enormous traffic of the world, which begins
to pour its boundless wealth across the conti-
nent. It is necessary that the ''hooks of
steel" which now bind the two coasts together
so firmly should never be loosed. These
lands reclaimed to cultivation and settlement
will strengthen the present lines of communi-
cation and afford faciliiies not only for retain-
ing the great Asiatic trade which Providence
has thrown in onr way, but, so increase that
trade a1; to place its control entirely within our
grasp.
In the first section of the bill I provide that
the public lands of the United .States in the
State of IN evada. whether surveyed or unsur-
veyed, shall be open to location by those who
desire to engage in the sinking of artesian
wells, granting a specified quantity of pubiie i
42d Coxa. 2d Sess.—No. 121.
lands for that purpose; providing, however,
that the grant shall not attach to land con-
taining known mines or valuable minerals.
The limitations of the act guard the interests
of the United States as well as the interests
of the citizen. The details, however, can be
arranged as may be deemed best by the House
after careful investigation. I have prepared
them in the bill which I have introduced in
accordance with the information I have been
able to procure, and they will, in my judg-
ment, subserve the purpose which I have in
view.
If the experiment of sinking these wells be
successful during the time this act remains in
force, then these lands will be sought after,
and, coming rapidly into market, will yield
revenue to the Government. Whatever may
be the result, the Government neither will
nor can lose anything, and the experiment is
at least worth making.
The cost of sinking these wells and of mak-
ing the experiment is such that liberal induce-
ments should be offered by the Government;
for really the Government is the party most
interested. The cost in most instances, con-
sidering the expense of transporting tools and
machinery of all kinds, and the subsistence
of workmen in remote and barren localities,
will not fall short of $5,000 for a well of five
hundred feet in depth.
Another advantage of these wells will be to
cause many rich mines to be profitably worked
which are now undeveloped and lying idle be-
cause of the want of water. The first disco\ ery
of silver mines in Nevada, in this portion of
the great mineral belt, was in 1859, and upon
what is known as the Comstock lode, in the
western part of the State. This was the first
discovery of any important silver-bearing lode
in the United States. Prior to this time it was
not known that the vast plateau which I have
described, lying between the Rocky mountains
and the Sierra Nevada, contained any of the
precious metals. Now it is^. well-established
fact that this whole region is quite as rich in
these metals as the corresponding section of
the mineral zone in Mexico. Besides, it is far
more extensive: it is almost one vast silver
mine. For the present purpose I will only
state that, in ten years from its first discovery
and working the Uomstock lode has produced
$120,000,000. It behooves us, therefore, to
see to it that this mining region should be
developed to the fullest extent. To do this
artesian wells must be sunk. In all mining
operations for the precious metals water in
abundant supply is indispensable. It is re-
quired in driving the machinery of stamping-
mills and in operating smelting furnaces, and
in all the chemical and mechanical processes
for reducing the ores.
Mr. Speaker, it may nut be oat ol place at
this point to give some description of the
nature and success of artesian wells, and to
show from scientific authorities how well
adapted they are from the peculiar geological
formation of Nevada to secure an abundant,
supply of water for all the purposes of agri-
culture, mining operations, and the daily wants
of a growing population. What, then, is an
artesian well? According to Buckiand. in
his celebrated Bridgewater treatise on geology
and mineralogy, the name of artesian well is
applied to perpetually flowing artificial fount-
ains obtained by boring through strata that
are destitute of water, into lower strata charged
therewith, the water ascending by hydraulic
pressure through pipes let down to conduct it
to the surface. The name is derived from
Artois, (the ancient Artesium,) where making
such wells has for a long time been practiced.
Professor Ansted, in his lectures on the appli-
cations of geology to the arts and manufac-
tures, only repeats the results of observations
of geologists, not only of France and England,
but of many other countries. He states very
clearly that of the rain that fells uponthe
earth at any place during a given period, it is
calculated that not more than one third runs
off the surface and enters the sea by rivers.
This calculation cannot in the nature of things
be vei-y exact, and must vary greatly at differ-
ent seasons and in different climates, but it
may be taken as the best known approxima-
tion. What, it may be asked, becomes of the
rest ? Part of it we know is evaporated, part
of it feeds animal and vegetable life; but there
still remains a great proportion which enters
the earth. Most soils absorb water and allow
it to sink down to the subsoil. Beneath the
subsoil is the rock; into this the water pene-
trates, either by absorption, the rock acting
like a sponge, or by the innumerable crevices
and larger fissures that break it up into con-
venient fragments. Down all such natural
channels the water passes. Occasionally it
meets with a permeable rock ; and through
this it runs, now through a large mass, slowly,
and with much obstruction and interference,
and now into open cavities, or through chan-
nels that serve as conduit pipes, and convey
it horizontally, or even bring it up again under
pressure from below.
This steady and perpetual circulation through
the interior of the earth is due, in a large meas-
ure, to the natural inequalities of the surface
of the land. With lofty mountains traversing
the entire region of which I have spoken,
with many parallel and transverse ridges of
lower elevation, with extensive areas of high
table-land, and with wide and numerous plains
and innumerable valleys, there is a complete
frame-work adapted to assist in this gr«at
operation of conveying water not only over
but through the earth. As most part of the
rains fall on the mountains and high ground,
and as the rocks are usually tilted toward the
plains from those parts of the land which form
axes of elevation, the tendency of water to
run clown a slope which is not less marked in
the interior of the earth than 011 its surface,
secures the conveyance of ample supplies.
But throughout all this region is another
favorable condition still more obvious. These
plains, seeming to the eye boundless, and all
these valleys in infinite ramifications among
the higher mountains, are simply alluvial de-
posits—the wash that through countless age-)
has come down from the higher to the lower
lands. Layer upon layer of constantly varying
material has thus been formed, not horizon-
tally, but conforming to the convex bottom of
the basin—bo wl, so to speak—and of the depres-
sions below. First in the process of denuda-
tion were borne down fragments of the coun-
try rock,—-granite, porphyry, sicnite, slates,
limestone, and bowlders, and the coarser
gravel. Such a deposit, loose and permeable
in its structure, with its edges rising upon all
sides to the base of the surrounding hills, was
next covered, perhaps, by a fine silt,, forming
under pressure the toughest and most com-
pact clay. Water abounds in the higher mount-
ain ranges. Springs and streams find con
stant supply from the melting snows. They
course down these elevated slopes, but soon
encounter the nptilted edge of this coarse
alluvial deposit, and the;,- sink at once as into
a subterranean channel. And such indeed it
is. The hard clay deposit afterward formed
confines the waters as in a pipe, and there
they remain darkling, awaiting the appliances
of science to spring to the light of day and
pour their beneficent influence over the thirsty
earth above. Tap this reservoir from the mid-
dle of the valley, if you please, by driving a
connecting shaft or pipe perpendicularly, and
your artesian well is formed -a perennial
fountain.
M. Arago directed special attention to the
investigation of the economy of water in the
natural world, and illustrated it by the'phe-
nomena of the great artesian well at Grenelle,
near Paris. Ho not only foretold that water
would be found at a great, depth, but that it
would rise and overflow the surface, and ac-
cordingly it has ri=en in a large column thirty
