1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Morton.
Senate,
to get in. [Laughter.] That seems to me to
be very much the condition of the Democratic
party; but it appears there are some who
actually do waht to get into the Democratic
cemetery.
So much, Mr. President, in regard to the
political aspect of this controversy. I shall
for a little while now ask the attention of the
Senate again to the resolution and to tbe argu-
ments that have been offered to show that our
Government has violated the law of nations.
The carcass of this resolution now lies
exposed to the public gaze, exhaling most
offensive odors arising from the untruthful char-
acter of its preamble and from its hostile pur-
pose. The Senators on the other side have
been engaged in a great labor for the purpose
of constructing a suspicion. That seems to be
the height of their aspiration, to create a sus-
picion that, our Government has done some-
thing wrong. It has thus far been an inglorious
failure. They started out with an enormous
discrepancy of $1,700,000. That discrepancy
is entirely abandoned. The Senator from Mis-
souri did not even refer to it yesterday. He
admitted it away substantially in his speech on
Thursday, and the Senator from Massachusetts
even, I believe, in^ the course of an interlocu-
tory debate on Friday, admitted the discrep-
ancy away. That is gone; the discrepancy is
out of the case !
Then we heard a great deal on Thursday
from the Senator from Missouri about the ille-
gal manufacture of cartridges. He substan-
tially gave that up yesterday, and said he would
not further argue that question. He aban-
doned it in a somewhatgraceful manner. My
friend shakes his head. I think if his speech
was in the Globe I could show it that he in
substance abandoned the charge that we had
improperly and illegally manufactured ammu-
nition.
Then, Mr. President, the Senator on Thurs-
day last had much to say about an immense
"job" on the part of the 11 military ring." In
his speech yesterday he reiterated and repeated
the substance of his speech on Thursday, but
omitted anything about the "job." Therewas
not, I think, in his speech yesterday anything
about the "job." That is given up. There
was no single circumstance upon which that
statement was first predicated. It ought never
to have been made, because the Senator him-
self, in his speech, went on incidentally to
exonerate everybody that Would have been
in the job if there had been one; and yesterday
tbe Senator had the grace to say nothing about
the job. I will consider the job out of the
case.
Mr. SCHURZ. May I interrupt the Sen-
ator now to correct his statement?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. SCHUliZ. I virtually repeated yester-
day my language upon that head which 1 used
on Thursday last.
Mr. MOliTON. The Senator says he re-
peated it. I listened to his speech, and I did
not hear it. I am sorry it is not in the Globe
this morning ; but thinking that I heard every
word, I failed to hear anything iil regard to
"the job."
Now, Mr. President, I wish to notice a little
the points made yesterday by the Senator, and
first I will come to the one new point intro-
duced, so far as argument was'concerned. He
made a " new departure " yesterday. He made
a point yesterday that he had not made before,
and which he bad admitted before could not
be made. He yesterday urged the point that
our Government treated ('irectly With the com-
mission of armament at Tours. He read from
the evidence of Le Cestie to show that Le Cesne
said before the court that he hud negotiated
directly with the Government of the United
States for arms. I am not mistaken about
that.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator permit me?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. All I said about that was
this: I just quoted from the Indgpendance
Beige, a very widelj-read paper in Europe,
the testimony of Le Cesne.
Mr. MORTON. What did the Senator
quote it for if it was not to make the charge
and to bear out the charge that our Govern-
ment had sold arms directly to Prance ? If he
did hot intend to make that impression, he
ought not to have read it. But it has been sent
broadcast over this country for the very pur-
pose of making that impression. The Senator
now says he did not intend to say so. I am
very glad to hear him say it.
Mr. SCHURZ. I hope the Senator does
not, intend to misrepresent me.
Mr. MORTON. I do not.
Mr. SCHURZ. I merely said that here was
the testimony under oath of Mr. Le Cesne, the
chairman of the committee on armament of
Prance, testifyihg before a court of justice that
they had been treating directly with the Fed-
eral Government of the United States, and
that the arms were to be delivered on board
free Of charge. That is what I said.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, if my friend from
Indiana will pardon me a moment, the Sena-
tor from Missouri stated what was a grave
error, because the paper that he read from
and the part of it that he read from was the
letter of a correspondent in the Ind€pendance
Beige, in which that correspondent undertook
in bis own way to tell the tale of what he
wished to communicate to his paper; and he
says, in speaking of the trial, from place to
place, that Le Cesne did so and so ; and that
is the evidence on which the gentleman wishes
to convict our Government!
Mr. SCHURZ. That correspondence con-
tains the report of the trial. Is not that so?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. What did it contain? You
have that paper.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have the translation.
I handed both papers back to the honorable
Senator. I happen to know what I am talk-
ing about, too.
Mr. SCHURZ. " Correspondence of the
Ind£pendance Belgi, detailing the trial of M.
Place." The testimony of M. Le Cesne is
introduced in the following way: " M. Le
Cestie "—shall I read it in French or in
English?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Either will be agreeable
to me.
Mr. SCHURZ. "M, Le Cesne. Iln'yavait
aucune dfoense en dehors des cinq pour cent
allou^s & M. Remington, puisque nous avions
trait6 directement avec le gouvernement fede-
ral desfltats-Unis, qui livraitles arrnes franco
&bord." Which means in English : "There
was no expense outside of the five per cent,
allowed to Mr. Remington, since we had
directly treated with the Federal Government
of the United States, which delivered the arms
free of charge ou board." That is what 1 read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, I am very glad
that my excellent friend has treated us to this
reading in the French language, because I am
sure that a Senator who carries French colors
ought to speak the French tongue, as he does.
[Laughter.] Now, I repeat what I stated
before, which seemed to nettle my candid
friend a little, instead of this being the testi-
mony of M. Le Cesne, it is the correspondence
of the Tndtpendanee Beige, just as the New
York papers contain correspondence of what
was going on here yesterday ; and the reporter
or correspondent or writer for the lnd£pcnd- \
ance Beige, writing from Paris to his paper, \
and which the Indepeudance Beige sets up as [
its correspondence from Paris, sends a letter |
dated at Paris on the 11th of October, headed, ]
"the affair of M, Thomas Place, ex consul I
general at New York," under the head of "aa
abuse of confidence." Inasmuch as I am not
a Frenchman, I have had some members of
my family translate it for my use and that of
my honorable friend, to see that I am correct.
Instead of its undertaking to give a report of
the trial, it is the gossipy correspondence, that
is always found in such papers, of a letter-
wnter, who says that the trial went on thus
and so, and that the objects to be attained by
it were thus and so, and that this M. Place
might have been tried before another tribunal,
taking the risk of a heavier punishment, and
all that, just as such correspondents go on ; and
then occurs in his statement of the affair, or
what took place, the statement that, my friend
has correctly read, where he says that Mr. Le
Cesne said in one paragraph that they treated
directly with the Federal Government of the
United States. That is evidence, I repeat
again, which the Senator calls official evidence,
an official report of the trial, upon which he
wishes to condemn his own country !
Mr. SCHURZ. If the Senator from Indi-
ana will allow me, I hold aAther paper here
in my hand, which is the Cuurrier des Mats
Unis, in which you find a full report, appa'
rently a phonographic report, of that trial;
and here is Mr. Le Cesne's testimony a great
deal more fully given than it is m the hidi-
pendance Beige. Shall I read that to the Sen-
ate also?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Just as it pleases you.
Mr. SCHURZ. "Mr. La Cesne "—am I to
read it m French ?
Mr. MORTON. Mr. Piesident, I certainly
do not wish to be wanting in courtesy; but the
Senator will now, if he reads that, get it into
the record the fourth time—twice yesterday
and twice to-day. It is a mere newspaper
statement of what was said by this man upon
the trial. Admitting now that he swore to it,
(and I am going to assume ibat to make it the
strongest for the Senator,) admitting that it is
a correct report of his evidence for the sake
of the argument, and what is the result?
Why, sir, according to the Senator's own state-
ment on last Thursday, according to the doc-
umentary evidence he introduced, Reming-
ton's letter and Remington's evidence upon
the same trial, La Cestie swore to a falsehood.
Now, putting it upon the ground that Le Cesne
swore to that, I submit that the Senator him-
self has shown before that it was a falsehood
unequivocally. Here is the statement of the
chief of ordnance giving a detailed account
of the arms sold, showing that every gun and
every pound ot ammunition was sold to mer-
chants of the United States.
Then we have the claim on the part of that
Senator that Remington was acting as the
agent of France, and that Remington first
bought this ammunition, and after he could
not buy any longer, his character being found
out, he bought through Richardson ; Schuyler,
Hartley & Graham; and Boker & Co. Now,
if the Senator's statements are true, then Le
Cesne's evidence is false.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator permit me
a moment? If not, I will sit down.
Mr. MORTON. I will give way to the
Senator.
Mr. SCHURZ. I mean to say simply this:
Le Cesne certainly did not mean that he came
to the United States in order to treat with the
chief of ordnance or with the Secretary of War,
but that he had his agent to do that business
of treating.
Mr. SUMNER. And his agent, Reming-
ton, says he did it,
Mr. MORTON. I presume what Le Cesne
meant was this: that the arms he purchased
perhaps had been owned by the United States,
and in speaking of getting them from the Uni-
ted States he did not mean to say that- lie had
not purchased them from private parties who
