1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
129
the voice of the mercantile community of New
York, and the Secretary of the Treasury himself
condemn this abuse, and that still, even to
this very day, it is kept in existence. I went on
further to say that since it is thus kept in
existence there must be a power stronger than
a decent respect for public sentiment, stronger
even than the repeatedly expressed opinions
of the Secretary of the Treasury himself, to
keep that abuse alive and to put ill-gotten
profits into the pockets of certain favored
individuals. Is there a Senator on this floor
who will undertake to deny it? Is there one—
and I challenge all—who will assert that the
conclusions I have drawn are not justified by
facts, that there must not be such a power?
Where is it? The Senator from Nevada says
I pointed to the President of the United States.
No, sir, I did not. I admitted that the tes-
timony discloses two things: two witnesses
swear that Colonel Leet, the man in whose
hands the principal share of the profits of the
general-order business falls, declared to them
that he was supported and sustained by Gen-
eral Horace Porter at the White House. Col-
onel Leet denies it, and General Horace Porter
denies it. They both swear that there is no
such thing; and so I stated in my speech that
we have no right to draw any other conclusion.
I declared, further, that however readily we
accept Colonel Leet's and General Porter's
declarations, yet the fact is not changed that
this system of robbery is sustained down to
the present day by a power which neither pub-
lic opinion tior the Secretary of the Treasury
has been able to influence. Is there any one
to deny the justice of this conclusion? I would
ask the Senator from Nevada what will he say
in reply to this ; what joke he has in extenua-
tion of it now? [Laughter.]
I now say again, that although the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment might well have sup-
posed the case to be disposed of when they
reported to the Senate at the close of the last
Congress, yet that committee may by this
time be ready to acknowledge their mistake.
They had a right to expect that even if the
report of the special commission sent to New
York in May, 1870, was disregarded, yet on
the report of a committee appointed by the
Congress of the United States, whose plain
testimony spreads the scandalous abuse be-
fore the eyes of the people, the Adminstra-
tion would make an effort to put an end to
it at once. This not having been done, I
suppose the members of the Committee on
Retrenchment may have come to the conclu-
sion .by this time that their labors were not
finished as they should have been.
Mr. PATTERSON. If the Senator will
allow me, there seems to be a little misunder-
standing as to what the committee did report,
I judge from the tenor of this discussion. They
reported two things: first, that the general-
order business should return to its old chan-
nels ; that goods going on to the dock under
general order should go into the warehouse
immediately from the dock ; secondly, we re-
ported that a special committee should be
appointed to take the customs laws of the coun-
ty into consideration, and report a bill by
which those laws should be so revised as to
prevent those frauds and to facilitate the work
of the custom-house.
Mr. SCHURZ. Precisely. What I mean
to say is this: the members of the Committee
on Retrenchment may have come to the con-
clusion that whatever may have been in con-
templation by the investigation, the investiga-
tion has not yet touched bottom; and I am
very glad to conclude, from the nodding of my
friend from New Hampshire, that he seems to
entertain the same opinion.
Now, sir, my motives have been reflected
upon, and we have been asked what objects
we pursue. I am ready to tell the Senate in
a few words. My object is to uncover, to
denounce, and to have corrected any and every
abuse wherever I can lay my hand upon it,
42d Cong. 2d Sess,—~No. 9.
without regard to the effect it may have on the
interests of any party, and without regard to
the likes or dislikes of any person. That,
and no other, is the aim I pursue.
I desire, also, to make a remark in reply to
something that fell from the lips of the Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] yesterday.
He disclosed a most horrible picture of tyran-
ny to which the operations of the investigat-
ing committee would most certainly lead if it
were invested with the powers embodied in
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
It is just as if we were discussing an entirely
new thing; as if the Committee on Retrench-
ment, invested with just such powers, had
never been heard of in this body; as if it had
never held a single sitting; as if it had never
conducted a single inquiry and investigation ;
as if it had never reported to this body; as if
the Senate had never acted upon its sugges-
tions. We have witnessed and sustained the
exercise of these very same powers, verbatim,
et literatim, for the last five years of our his-
tory. The Committee on Retrenchment held
a meeting almost every week, and was almost
continually engaged in some investigation
under the very eyes of both Houses of Con-
gress, and never, not a single time during those
five years, have those immense dangers been
discovered which we are now threatened with
in such thrilling language, if we continue to
do what we have been doing for five long years.
Not onee has there been a whisper in this
Chamber or in the other about any abuse of
these powers which the Committee on Re-
trenchment might have been guilty of. Not a
single person has been discommoded in his
private affairs ; the rights of nobody have been
violated. Nay, there has not even been a sin-
gle complaint of anybody being dragged before
that Star Chamber, as it is called now. Only
once, that I remember, were the proceed-
ings of that committee called in question, and
that was when the committee rendered its
report about the very abuses in the New York
custom-house of which I have just been speak-
ing ; and mark you, that was one of the very
few instances when the committee did conduct
an investigation in pursuance of a resolution
of the Senate. All those investigations which
were conducted by the committee of its own
motion, the investigation concerning the transit
route, the investigation concerning the postal
contracts in Texas, and many others, have
never given rise even to a whisper of censure.
And now we are suddenly told that the lib-
erties of the American people will be in danger
if we continue to do what all the Senators
using that extravagant language have been
voting for from 18G6 to the opening of this
Congress. Is it not an astonishing spectacle?
Whence this bugbear which is raised before
our eyes ? What flimsy material is it made of?
And here I must-refer to the Senator from
Nevada once more. However glowing in his
language, he is not quite correct in his facts.
He said that about a year ago by common con-
sent the Committee on Retrenchment was dis-
continued. He is very much in error. During
the whole first Congress of this Administration
the Committee on Retrenchment was in exist-
ence, and during that time it rendered some
of its best services. It was dropped last spring,
not by common consent, for several movements
were made here to revive it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why did you not. make
the motion'?
Mr. SCHURZ. We did move the matter,
and several times mentioned the matter in
debate.
The Senator from Indiana yesterday said
something which I think is worth considering.
He said:
" I am not mistaken about the whole drift of this
debate. It has been to show that there is corrup-
tion existing under this Administration, and gross
corruption. The drift of this debate is a reflection
upon the Republican party."
"A reflection upon the Republican party!"
How so? Do we not all profess to be in favor
of reform? We have listened to the most
fervid protestations in this debate time and
again. There is not a Senator on this floor,
it appears, who will not be glad and happy to
disclose corrupt practices and to see them cor-
rected. So we hear. The cry for reform is
general and enthusiastic among us, and yet
when a member of this body does attempt to
lay bare a gross abuse existing in this Govern-
ment, at once we are reprovingly told, "This
is done for the purpose of hurting the Repub-
lican party." Gentlemen, either the party is
not what you pretend it to be, a party of reform,
or the party should, instead of repelling, the
denunciation of abuses, rather encourage that
spirit which will prompt members of the party
fearlessly and without hesitation, -whenever
they find a wrong in this Government, to dis-
close it before the eyes of the country.
Much has been said about the Hodge case,
and how promptly Hodge was punished. The
Hodge case seems to have become the stalk-
ing-horse of those who find nothing but virtue
in the Government service. Hodge was pun-
ished promptly, and it was right; it would
have been a great scandal had he not been
punished promptly and severely. I do not see
any. extravagance of virtue in that, nor in the
other cases of punishment promptly inflicted
upon evil-doers. It is simply right. If we
go into a paroxysm of enthusiasm over cases
like these, is it not as if there were so depraved
a public sentiment that we had a right to be
astonished ourselves and to challenge public
admiration when a simple act of justice is
done? It was simply right on the part of the
Administration to punish those men, and I
accord to the act the full credit which it
deserves; but it was nothing more than right.
On the other hand, a case has been shown,
also, in which the Administration has not been
as prompt to do its duty. I refer to the abuse
I have denounced. That the Administration
did right in the Hodge case and similar emer-
gencies is no reason why a dereliction of duty
in another matter should be overlooked. If
we are a party of reform, while being ready
to recognize all the good that ia done we
should not be unwilling to denounce all the
bad things that are tolerated. If you want your
Administration to be such as it ought to be
and what you want it to be you must convince
it that its shortcomings do not escape your
attention. You do not Serve it as true friends
if you denounce those who strive to set it right
as its enemies.
I, for my part, as the Senator from Nevada
has taken the trouble to tell you, am in favor
of reform; and let me assure you I am in dead
earnest. In my eyes an abuse is an abuse,
a wrong is a wrong, whoever may be responsi-
ble for it, friend or foe, and I am determined
to call things by their right names. If w'e
are sincerely in favor of reform, this is the way
to achieve it.
To judge from the lecture delivered to us by
the Senator from Nevada, we are living in the
most perfect state of society that ever existed
in human history. In fact, it would seem our
mere existence constitutes a sweeping reform-
ation of the universe He may believe so; I
do not. We have fallen a little too much into
the habit of extolling our own virtue by com-
paring our perfections with the vices of our
opponents. Let us take care, or it will be the
story of the pot calling the kettle black, and
the kettle replying, "but you are blacker."
I remember to have fouud in the New York
Evening Post, last summer, a very striking
illustration of the present state of parties- A
Republican newspaper, commenting on the
municipal nominations made by the Repub-
lican party in an eastern city, made the follow-
ing remark :
" It is true our nominations are not what they
ought to be: still we denounce as faithless to the
party those Republican newspapers who threaten to
bolt, for we may congratulate the community upon
the fact that the Democratic nominations are Mill
worse."
