1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2817
Nebraska from the date of the admission of the
State, at the rate of ({200 per annum, $1,100, or so
much thereof as may be necessary.
I desire to state that this is to correct an
omission in the act creating our judicial dis-
trict. That act refers to the act of 1853, and
omits the salary by mistake. The Committee
on Appropriations have consented to the
amendment, and X trust there will be no objec-
tion to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I move to amend the bill by
inserting after line one hundred and ninety-
three, page 9, the following:
To supply a deficiency in the appropriations for
printing, binding, and office rent in the Territory
of Dakota, $0,000.
This is for printing and the rent of two
buildings. I send to the desk a communica-
tion from the Comptroller to show what it is,
which I ask to have read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Treasury Department,
First Comptroller's Office,
January 20,1872,
Sir: I have the honor herewith to transmit the
estimate of Colonel George A. Batch elder, secretary
of the Territory of Dakota., of deficiency of appro-
priation for legislative expenses, &c., for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1871, and tor deficiency for the
expenses of his office for the present fiscal year.
The appropriation for the fiscal year 1871 being ex-
hausted, and none having been made for the fiscal
year 1872, 1 respectfully recommend appropriations
for the amounts as asked for in his letter.
Very respectfully, vours, &e..
WILLIAM HEMPHILL JONES.
Hon. James A. Garfield,
Chairman of the Committee on Appropriations.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I desire to enter
a motion to reconsider what is known as the
Morrill amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Jersey moves to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment known as the Morrill
amendment was not concurred in.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand the Sen-
ator to wish only to enter his motion, not to
call it up at this moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICEE. The Chair
did not understand from the Senator whether
he wanted action now or not.
Mr. CON KLING. The Senator says he does
not want action now. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. SPI^SICER. I hope the Senator will
change that to a motion'for an executive
session.
Mr. CONKLING. I will if my friend will
agree that when we get into executive session
he will not move to adjourn over until Monday.
He is a little artistic in that.
Mr. SPENCER. I shall not make that
motion.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Is it in
order to move an adjournment until Monday
next? If so, I make that motion.
Mr. CONKLING. That motion is not in
order while there is another motion pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can only
be considered by unanimous consent or by
laying the pending question on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. I object to it if it is not
in order.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to give notice of
an amendment to the pending bill, and move
its reference to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
so referred.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after five minutes spent in
executive session the doors were reopened,
and (at six o'clock and twenty five minutes
p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
42d Cong. 2d Sjess.—No. 177.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 26,1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. J. M. Trimble, of Columbus, Ohio.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. STORM. Mr. Speaker, I ask to have
an error in the Journal of Wednesday cor-
rected. I see I am reported in yesterday's
Globe as not voting for the second amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
to the first section of the substitute for the
Goat Island bill, when in fact I was present
and voted for the amendment. The amend-
ment reads as follows:
Add to the first section of the substitute these
words:
But no provision of this act shall take effect until
the said Centra) Pacific Railroad Company shall
have paid into the Treasury of the United States
the sums paid by the Cnited States as interest on
the bonds issued by the {Jnitcd States for the bene-
fit of said company, and now remaining unpaid,
namely, the sum ol $5,089,215.
I desire the correction to be made so as to
make the Journal conform to the facts. I was
anxious to have the amendment made part of
the bill.
st. joseph bridge company.
On motion of Mr. PARKER, of Missouri,
by unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 1014)
to authorize the St. Joseph Bridge-Building
Company to mortgage its bridge, with the
appurtenances and the franchises relating
thereto, was taken from the Speakers table,
and read a first and second time.
The bill was read, as follows: m
That the first section of the act entitled "An act
to authorize the construction of a bridge across the
Missouri river, at or near St. Joseph, Missouri,"
approved March 5,1872. be, and the same is hereby,
amended so as to read as follows:
Be it enacted, &c., That it shall be lawful for the
St. Joseph Bridge-Building Company, a corpora-
tion organized for that purpose under the general cor-
poration laws of the State of Missouri, or Us assigns,
to construct a bridge across the Missouri river at or
near St. Joseph, Missouri, and to lay on and over
said bridge railway tracks for the more perfect con-
nection of any and all railways that are now, or which
may hereafter be, constructed to the Missouri river
at or near St. Joseph, or to the river on the opposite
side of the same near St. Joseph; and build, erect,
and lay on and over said bridge ways for wagons,
vehicles of all kinds, and for the transit of animals,
and to provide ways for foot passengers, and to keep
up, maintain, and operate said bridge for the pur-
poses aforesaid; and that when sairl bridge is con-
structed, all trains of all railroads terminating at
said river, and on the opposite side thereof, at or
near St. Joseph, Missouri, shall be allowed to cross
said bridge for reasonable compensation, to be made
to the owners of the same, under the limitations and
conditions hereafter named. The ownexs of said
bridge may also charge and receive reasonable com-
pensation or tolls for the transit over the said bridge
of all wagons, carriages, vehicles, animals, and foot
passengers.
Sec. 2. That the fifth section of the act of which
this is amendatory be, and the same is hereby,
amended, so as to read as follows :
Sec. 5. That the St. Joseph Bridge-Building Com-
pany, after the passage of this act, shall not have
the right to assign the charter which said company
now holds by assignment from the St. Joseph and
Donver City Railroad Company, and which was
granted to said last-named company by virtue of
an act of Congress approved July 14, 1870, to any
other company, person, or persons; nor shall said
bridge-building company be permitted, under the
Said charter so obtained as aforesaid from the St.
Joseph and Denver City Railroad Company, to con-
struct any other bridge than the one now being con-
structed at St. Joseph, Missouri: Provided, however,
That nothing in this section contained shall prevent
the said bridge-building company from mortgaging
said charter and franchises held by it by assignment
from the said railroad company, with the bridge con -
structed or to be constructed thereunder, in the
manner and for the purposes in and for which the
said bridge-building company is or may be author-
ized by or under the laws of the State of Missouri
to mortgage its property.
The bill was ordered to a third reading;
aud it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was
DANIEL F. MILLER.
Mr. McCRARY. I am instructed by the
Committee of Elections to report the follow-
ing resolution:
Whereas there i3 due to Hon. Daniel F. Miller, for
expenses incurred by him in prosceuting his claim
to a seat in the House from the first district of Iowa,
in 1850, the sum of $1,000 allowed by a vote of the
House of Representatives of July 29, 1850——
Mr. DAWES. I object to that resolution,
and call for the regular order.
Mr. McCRARY. I understand it is a priv-
ileged report.
The SPEAKER. It is not a privileged
report. The question of compensation of
contestants in the existing Congress being
a privileged question has been decided both
ways, but compensation for a contest in a
former Congress the Chair considers a claim.
If there were no objection, the Chair would be
happy to entertain the resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the objection.
The Clerk again read the resolution, as fol-
lows:
Whereas there is due to Hon. Baniel P. Miller,
for expenses incurred by him in prosecuting his
claim to a seat in the House from the first district
of Iowa, in 1850, the sum of $1,000 allowed by a vote
of the Houseof Representatives of July 29,1850; and
whereas, the said Miller has assigned his claim for
said sum to the Madison Library Association, situ-
ated at Port Madison, Lee county, Iowa, and has
requested that the same be paid in public documents:
Therefore,
tiesolved, That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives be, and he is hereby, directed to furnish
to the said Madison Library Association public doc-
uments to the value of $1,000, including a complete
set of the Congressional Globe, to be paid for out of
the contingent fund of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I thought the regular order
had been called for.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts waived it.
Mr. DAWES. The law prescribes what
shall be done with the contingent fund of the
House, and it never contemplated this con-
tingency. The contingent fund of the House
is guarded by a special act, and ifc cannot be
diverted by a resolution of the House,although
it can, of course, by an act of Congress.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object to the
resolution, and demand the regular order of
business.
dr. john bmtuo houard.
The SPEAKER,. The regular order being
called for, the House now resumes the consid-
eration of the preamble and resolution re-
ported from the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
coming over from yesterday as unfinished
business. The previous question has been sec-
onded and the mam question ordered ; and the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
is entitled to the floor for one hour to close the
debate.
Mr. WILLARD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment, that I may have printed
a portion of a document in my hand?
Mr. BANKS. I will do so.
Mr. DAWES. Is the hour now running?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. WILLARD. I ask to have printed in
the Globe, in connection with this debate,
some extracts from the argument of Judge
Hoar, of Massachusetts, on demurrer, before
the mixed commission on American and British
claims, in the case ot Anthony Barclay vs. The
United States.
No objection was made; and the order was
accordingly ordered.
The extracts are as follows:
I. National character of Anthony Barclay.
For about twenty-five years the claimant has had
a permanent domicile outside his native country,
Great Britain. In 1858 he acquired a permanent
domicile in Georgia, and continued that domicile
during the time covered by the treaty, namely, from
April IB, 1861, to April 9,1865. He became the owner
of real estate in Georgia, in his own name, by abso-
lute title. On the principal plantation he had his
permanent residence with his family. He^ was em-
ployed as a planter and cultivator of the soil, invest-
ing capital in it and drawing his subsistence from
it. He had no domicile anywhere else, and there is
