,1026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
proceeds of all sales of Government property
which they may receive from time to time.
My friend from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] reminds
me that provision of law has not been com-
plied with in all respects. Mr. Chairman,
that is a matter of administration, and I am
only referring to the law for the present. How
far this law has been complied with I have
not interested myself to learn so much as my
friends who are near me. I have not inquired
into how it has been executed, for the reason
my attention has been wholly absorbed in other
directions.
Now, Mr. Chairman, many legacies were
left us in regard to the Navy at the close of
the last war. One has been the existence of
supernumeraries ; a great many more officers
than we want, many more than a peace estab-
lishment requires. Congress seems never to
lave had the courage to correct this evil. It
can only be corrected by mustering out of the
service those officers who are not ueeded. Bat
to do so it would be necessary to muster out
many gallant men who are fayorites with the
country, and this has never been attempted.
Another is the large number of vessels, which
were not of much value even in their best
days, and have become of less and less value
every year by the deterioration which natu-
rally attends all such vessels, whether lying in
the harbors or at service on the ocean. Many
of those vessels cost considerable sums of
money even to take ordinary care of them,
and are growing less and less valuable every
year.
Now, I think there ought to be some pro-
vision made—and I think there is a proposi-
tion of that sort—-before this bill is passed, to
absolutely dispose of all that class of vessels,
at whatever price they may command, for I
believe it will be better to get quit of them,
by gift, if they cannot be got rid of in any other
way, than to endeavor to take care of them in
their present dilapidated condition.
But, sir, I shall not elaborate these points.
The diffieuliies I have suggested belong rather
to the Committee on Naval Affairs and other
committees of this House than to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations. All we can do is to
ascertain how much tnoney is needed to carry
out the laws, and for that we have mainly to
rely upon the estimates submitted to us by the
Secretary of the Treasury. It is true we have
attempted to go beyond his estimates, and
have called for information from time to time,
not only from the Secretary of the Navy him-
self, but from other officers in charge, of the
different bureaus of that Department. And
acting upon all the information we were able
to get, in the necessarily brief timo allotted to
us, for each particular bureau, and for this bill
particularly, to which I have reference now,
we have reported the bill, believing that under
all the circumstances it is a3 good as we could
have, unless we had more time to expend in
examining all its details. It does not appro-
priate by $2,000,000 as much as we appro-
priated last year for this purpose. Now,
whether this will absolutely carry the Depart-
ment through next year, or not, I cannot pre-
sume to say. It may be a deficiency may be
asked for. I know it is somewhat a habit
of the Departments, in the year preceding the
election to the office of President, 
Mr. HALE. Is it not the fact that this year
the Navy Department ask for no deficiency
except the small sum of $3,000?
Mr. NIBLACK. That is true, but, as I was
remarking, in the year preceding the presi-
dential year, it is the custom of all Adminis-
trations to be as modest as possible in the
estimates, and of the friends of the Adminis-
tration to be as sparing as possible in making
appropriations, so that, although there may
this year be a reduction in the estimates and
appropriations of $2,000,000, there may be
that deficiency to be provided for next session
of Congress. But that question is r.ot now
before us. Very little in the way of deficiency
; has been asked from us this year, and I trust
; there will be none next session.
But my object in rising was simply to state
on behalf of the Committee on Appropriations
that in view of the circumstances which sur-
rounded us we believed the present bill to be
as good and as fair a on e as it is possible for
us to report without arbitrarily cutting down
the estimates. But I find myself too ill to pro-
ceed further, and yield the balance of my time
to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has no
time left to yield.
Mr. BECK. I ask the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Hale] to yield to me for a few
moments.
Mr. HALE. I will, before the debate closes.
Meanwhile I yield five minutes to the gentle-
man from California, [Mr. Coghlan.]
message from the senate.
The committee informally rose; and Mr.
Hay having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, a message from the Senate, by Mr.
Gorham, its Secretary, informed the House that
the Senate requested to be furnished in exec-
utive session with the testimony before the
committee who investigated the question of
i attempted bribery in the impeachment trial of
j Andrew Johnson.
i The message further announced that the
! Senate had passed a bill of the following title,
, in which the concurrence of the House was
' requested:
| A bill (S. No. 475) to authorize the sale of
! public property at Houlton, Maine.
| natal appropriation bill.
! The Committee of the Whole resumed its
j session.
I Mr. COGHLAN. During the short time
| allotted to me I will not attempt to state to
| the House the opinions entertained by the
members of the Naval Committee as to what
amount of appropriations will be necessary
for the coming fiscal year in order to make the
Navy of the United States effective. Ilistened
yesterday to the speech of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Morgan,] and I believe his whole
argument, or rather the only reason advanced
by him at all tending to show why this bill
should not pass this House, was that we have
now too many officers, and that there are too
many high grades among those officers.
Mr. MORGAN. And too many navy-yards
and naval stations.
Mr. COGHLAN. And too many naval sta-
tions; and that the people's money is being
squandered in paying the salaries of these
officers.
No w, it is true that the gentleman has charged
reckless expenditures on the part of the Navy
Department in times past, butit cannot be held
even by that gentleman himself that that is
any argument why this House should not pass
this bill which appropriates only money suffi-
cient to pay the current expenses of the Navy
Department for the ensuing year. There was
no other effort made by the gentleman to show
why this House should refuse to make this
appropriation. The assertions made by him
charging reckless extravagance by the Navy
Department heretofore, although assisting in
the make up of a very slashing campaign
speech, can hardly be claimed as an argument
why the necessary appropriations asked for by
the Navy Department should not be made at
this time.
He also advances some rather queer reasons
why these high grades in the Navy were estab-
lished by the Government. He seems to be-
lieve that the people of this country created
these high grades for the simple purpose of
making our officers equal in the name of their
rank to the officers of the European Govern-
ments. I believe there was a higher motive.
I believe the people of the country were
endeavoring to repay by some means what
they deemed they owed to the men who led
the Army and the Navy during the rebellion.
I believe, and they also believed, that it would
hold up a prize for the younger officers of the
Navy which they might hope to reach by emu-
lating the glorious deeds of those for whom
these high honors were created. I do not
think the Government of the United States
had any intention, as the gentleman seems to
believe it had, to place our naval officers upon
the same footing in rank with the naval officers
of other countries.
Now, there is another thing to which I wish
to call the attention of the gentleman. For
all measures of economy my vote will ever be
given. It will always be found upon the side
of true economy, but I believe it is just pre-
cisely this parsimoniousness, this false kind of
economy which placed our Navy at the com-
mencement of the rebellion in a condition
which called for and required these vast ex-
penditures to which reference has been made.
It was by this very system, by gentlemen cry-
ing out for economy here, and refusing to vote
for what was needed by the Government, that
we had a Navy which, it is true, may have been
better than the one we have to-day, but still
was inadequate to keep in check even an
enemy that had not a shadow of a navy.
Mr. MORGAN. How, then, does it happen
that $161,000,000 have been expended for the
Navy during the six years following the war,
while only §80,000,000 were exended for the
support of the Navy during the six years of
peace previous to the war ?
Mr. COGHLAN. Because there was raised
in this House, before the war, the same false
cry of economy that is being raised here to-
day ; because the gentleman is following in
the footsteps of his predecessors, who by rais-
ing this ecouomy catch-word when the inter-
ests of the Navy were at stake, left us at the
commencement of a great war with a Navy
entirely inadequate; because we were com-
pelled by the exigencies of the war to build
ships in less time than good ships can be built
out of unseasoned timber, which could not be
expected to do more or less than rot in one
or two years; because we were compelled to
buy up everything that would float; ferry-boat?,
scows, tugs, double-enders, anything and every-
thing was pressed into the service, and these
millions of dollars were necessarily spent in
that way because of the system of carping at all
appropriations. The gentleman's system of
false economy had prevailed, and as a neces-
sary consequence we were compelled by neces-
sity to use make-shifts at a vast expense which
were worthless in a short time after their first
use, and which have cost more for repairs than
would be needed to build a stronger Navy.
The gentleman calls this economy, and is now
trying to enforce the same ideas 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALE. I now yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. BECK. I wanted five minutes simply
to explain somewhat what I said on yesterday,
and to call attention to a few of the remarks
made by the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Sargent,] who seemed to think I was greatly
mistaken in some things that I said.
I desire to begin by thanking the House for
passing my resolution this morning enabling
us to inquire into the sales of property made
by the Navy Department since J jiy, 1865. We
never have been able to obtain this informa-
tion before, and the gentleman from California
was mistaken when he said that all the pro-
ceeds of the sales of material have to be paid
into the Treasury, and that the law has required
it to be done for the last two years.
Mr. SARGENT. I only said it with refer-
ence to the Navy Department. All the pro-
ceeds of the sales of property are paid into the
Treasury, and I verified the fact.
Mr. BECK. We passed a law in 1870, for
which my friend voted, by which any unex-
pended balances would be covered into the
Treasury within a year from the time of its
receipt. And we passed another section, the
