180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
It was a matter of congratulation to one
party that although itself was bad, the other
party was still worse! Gentlemen, I consider
that a depraved state of political morals; and
if we attempt to live and prosper on the short-
comings of our opponents, we shall certainly
not achieve those reforms which the people so
earnestly demand.
Mr. President, I was called out by the re-
marks made by the Senator from Nevada. I
had already given up replying to what yester-
day had fallen from the Senator from New
York, because I did not desire to prolong this
debate. But the classical jokes coming from
far off Nevada exercised so electrifying an
influence upon me that I could not resist.
Mr. TIPTON. MY. President, we were
informed by the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Wilson] that there was much
feeling in the country, and, if I mistake not
his language, that millions of people are receiv-
ing the impression that there is a desire on the
part of Senators here to cover up and shield
the shortcomings of this Administration. I
think it is literally and emphatically true that
such an impression has gone out to the coun-
try. Yesterday evening the honorable Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Morton]—and I have had
it upon my notes ever since it was uttered—
said:
" I am not mistaken about the whole drift of this
debate. It has been to show that there is corrup-
tion existing under this Administration, and gross
corruption."
Certainly, that is just what I mean when I
enter into this debate; but to the other part
of the proposition of the honorable Senator I
plead not guilty:
" The drift of this debate is a reflection upon the
Republican party."
No, sir; I believe the Republican party is
worthy yet to be redeemed from the curse that
rests upon it to-day on account of the mistakes
of the Administration and the corruption and
downright plundering of dishonest officehold-
ers. 1 stand here for the purification of the
Republican party; but I do plead guilty to
that other charge, that I believe there is cor-
ruption, deep and damning and festering, all
through this Administration of ours. I believe
that, and I have uttered it.
The honorable Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Nye,] with all the blandishments of external
oratory for which he is so famous, treated us to a
high flown description of the purity of the party
at the present time, and also congratulated the
country that so little of peculati 011 had occurred.
He caused me to remember the prayer of the
Chaplain from your desk, sir. on tlie first morn-
ing of the present session, when he thanked the
Supreme Kulerof the universe that although the
cyclone—he called it the cyclone [laughter]— 'j
had pas«ed over the land, there was more left '|
than had been taken. [Laughter.] I come ij
here to plant myself beside the Chaplain and |'
to change the tenor of the prayer and refer it
to my party, and I am thankful that although j!
the cyclone of corruption lias been passing '
over it, there is a little more left than was
taken. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, we have had not only the
language of the Senator from Indiana on the
subject, but we have heard from the Chronicle,
a paper known to most of the members of
this body, for it has, according to tradition, I
believe, become an established fact that who-
ever edits the Chronicle ought either to be the
Secretary of the Senate or an officer of the
body. [Laughter.] When the old Secretary
of the Senate used to sit at that desk and de-
liver his fulminations morning after morning
to us in the Chronicle, telling us what was our
duty, I sometimes thought he was transcend-
ing the rules of propriety, especially while
Governor Bullock's money was running through
the editorials of the paper. I therefore thought
this morning, when I read the article which I
am about to read to you from the Chronicle,
that perhaps it might be just as well if that
paper was entirely severed from any connec-
tion with the Senate, and then, if it is so inde-
pendent in its present attitude, it might become,
in its release from any connection with us, so
independent that I should love it for its very
audacity. [Laughter.] That paper this morn-
ing says.:
"The opponents to the revival of the joint com-
mittee base their action on the ground thatitscham-
pions intend, should they be successful, to get up
needless investigations, for the purpose of throwing
dirt upon the action of the Administration, with a
view of creating a false public opinion."
This organ, as I might call it, of our party
in this Chamber charges literally, without nam-
ing them, that the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] and the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Schurz,] who have led in this discussion,
| intend, if they can get up this committee, "to
throw dirt upon the Administration, and create
a false public opinion." Has it come to this,
that we are to be thus charged, to be thus
denounced, to have our reputations as worthy
members of the great Republican party thus
frittered away? When the corruption is so
evident and palpable as that we all talk of it
here, and the press carries it everywhere, and
the people read it every where, if we undertake
to ask a legitimate reform, are we to be told,
" You are warring upon the Administration?"
Sir, if the Administration is that corrupt com-
bination and concentration of rascality we are
fighting it.
We are told that we are hostile to the head
of the party. Look at that. May I not, as an
honest Republican, be allowed to suppose that
there might be a Senator on this floor bet-
ter qualified to control the destinies of this
nation,as a President even,than the intellectual
Colossus who now sits in the White House?
[Laughter.] And yet if I hold an opinion of
that kind, am I to be denounced as entirely
opposing the interests of my party? Has it
come to this, that we have only one standard-
bearer and only one mail under whom we can
marshal aud be loyal? If that is so, God
have mercy on you on the great muster-day.
[Laughter.] If gentlemen wish to press me
on that question and desire especially to un-
derstand what I mean, if I am not sufficiently
explicit, on demand they can have the satisfac-
tion.
Now, sir, let me call your attention to one
fact. Five years ago we had a Senate here
that was intensely in earnest, and their actions
indicated their zeal and their determination.
They said, "We fearthat thereiscorruptionin
the Administration; we fear that, appointments
are made for corrupt considerations; we fear
that too many offices are merely sinecures;
we fear that men are removed from office for
no other reason in the world than that they
hold views perhaps adverse to those of other
men." That independent Senate, that able
Senate, having a due appreciation of the rights
of men—for when you take from me the
right to think aud utter my sentiments and to
make an effort to control those whose intel-
lects I may be able to reach with my argu-
ments, you degrade me beneath the dignity
of a machine—that Senate, fearing that those
undue influences were abroad in the country,
determined that they would do something to
right the wrong. That Senate was in earnest.
That Senate I think was, generally, honest.
They said they were, and they therefore pro-
vided for a committee of investigation, and
they wrote it down in the words and figures as
follows:
_ "And that said committee be instructed to inquire !
1°t<^> the expenditures in all branches of the service i
of the United States, and to report whether any and !
what offices ought to be abolished; whether any and
what salaries or allowances ought to be reduced; ,
what are the methods of procunng accountability i
in public oilicers or agents iu the earc and disburse- [
ments of public moneys; whether moneys have been ■
paid out illegally; whether any officers or agents '
or other persons have been or are employed in the
public service without authority of law or unneces-
sarily ; and generally how and to what extent tho
expenses of the service of the country may and
ought to be curtailed.
• "Apd also to consider the expediency of so amend-
ing the laws under which appointments to the public
service are now made as to provide for the selection
of subordinate officers after due examination by
proper boards; their continuance in office during
specified terms, unless dismissed upon charges pre-
ferred and sustained before tribunals designated foi
that purpose; and for withdrawing the public ser-
vice from being used as an instrument of political
or party patronage.
"That said committee be authorized to sit during
the recess of Congress, to send for persons and
papers, and to report by bill or otherwise."
That was the action of a Senate that was in
earnest, and determined that it would do some-
thing to ferret ont the great wrongs that it
supposed existed. Now the Senator from
Illinois comes forward here and brings in the
same identical resolution that was passed by
the Senate at that time—nothing more and
nothing less. We see at once opposition made
to the passage of the resolution in that form,
and a substitute is brought in for it, and gen-
tlemen on each side of the Chamber have their
preferences, a very large number for the res-
olution of the Senator from Illinois, and a
very large number contending for the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Rhode Island, with-
out the resolution of the Senator from Illinois
being appended to it as an amendment. If
no amendment is made to it the resolution of
the Senator from 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Rhode Island.
Mr. TIPTON. Rhode Island—I wish that
State was larger; it is hard to think of its
name, [laughter]—will read as follows :
Resolved, That a standing committee of seven,
to be known as the Committee of Investigation and
Retrenchment, be created to investigate and report
on such subjects as may be committed to it by tho
Senate.
Now, Mr. President, [Mr. Ramsey in the
chair,] you may tax your ingenuity to the
utmost—and any man representing a State in
which Duluth exists is ingenious and has a
fine apprehension—and you will not be able
to find by that resolution that it means
retrenchment, or that it contemplates invest-
igation. It does not contain a single word,
it does not contemplate one single thought on
the subject of retrenchment, good, bad, or
indifferent. What is it?
Iteiohed, That a standing committee of seven,
to be known as the Committee of Investigation and
Retrenchment—
That is to be the name of the committee.
It is to have a name, and that is all there is
about it. It is to be called the Committee of
Investigation and Retrenchment. Is it to
retrench? We do not know. Is it to invest-
igate? We cannot tell. But what will it do?
It will "report on such subjects as may be
committed to it by the Senate." When they
get it on the track of investigation, then it will
be an investigating committee. When they
run it out on the chute of retrenchment, it will
be a retrenchment committee. When they
put it on any other track, it will derive its
name from the service in which it is engaged
and then performing.
But there is no question whatever about the
proposition presented by the Senator from
Illinois as an amendment to that nonenthv.
It says emphatically and positively that the
investigation shall be made i'i the direction
where these wrongs are likely to be found.
The other resolution says the committee
shall be called a committee of investiga-
tion and retrenchment, and then it shall not
be cither and it shall not be anything except as
the Senate shall press it into service and send
out on ks mission. It is to be known as the
Committee of Investigation and Retrenchment,
How will its authors be known? Will they
be known as LL.D.'s, doctors of laws'?
They will be known by the initials II. N.
•ii L~~" il0w Pot.to d  ;t-" [Laughter.]
Ihat will be their title before the country.
Iheir intentions may be very good; they may
feel a determination to make a most thorough
investigation ; but when they vote down a
resolution, as 1 fear, unfortunately for the
country, thej* will vote it down, that says
investigation, that means investigation, that
