1872.
the congressional globe.
1928
olive and the grape, all proclaim by their own
good qualities the generous and bounteous
trees and vines on which they grow ; but the
noxious weed, the deadly creeper, and the
useless bramble furnish no such evidences of
their merit and worth to the husbandman.
And when the mighty Nazarene made his brief
but awful sojourn upon earth he pointed to
these productions of the laws of nature, and
proclaimed, not merely, to his followers in
Judea, but to the people of all the continents
and all the islands of the seas, and to the re-
motest generations of mankind, that the same
unerring certainty also existed between the
visible results of human conduct and the abso-
lute causes from which they arise. He warned
the whole world against false, corxupt, and
plundering leaders of the people, and an-
nounced the means by which their spurious
pretensions shall always be determined :
"Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men
gather grapes of thorn-, orfigs of thistles?
"Evonso every good tree bringeth forth good fruit;
hut a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit."
Let this unchangeable standard of truth,
established by the physical and the moral
sciences, and sanctioned by the voice of Di-
vinity, be applied to the party now in power,
and to its unbridled and unrestrained dealings
■with the people and the States of the South.
Who has planted and nurtured thethick growth
of thorns and thistles there? We have heard
endless speech here and everywhere in regard
to the fruits of the war. By whose wicked
devices have they been turned into apples of
Sodom and of the Dead sea, and been made
to mock the hopes and the expectations of the
anxious beholder? By whose conduct and
policies lias every blessing of free government
been scourged from a face of a country con-
taining over twelve million people and larger
in extent than many of the foremost Powers
of Europe? I call upon the majority in this
House to answer. Have you not had all power
from the beginning of what you call recon-
struction over that subject? Has there been
anything wanting to your absolute authority?
What has stood in the way of your wishes,
your partisan plans, your lawless fanaticism?
The Constitution has been no restraint upon
your actions. It has been trampled underfoot,
dwarfed into a dead letter, or widened and
extended by fraudulent amendments, accord-
ing as the unscrupulous purposes of a power-
ful party would be best promoted. To quote
the dear and hallowed principles of that im-
mortal instrument here now is only to excite
the displeasure and the sneers of those who
are bloated and overgrown with the insolence
of office and a long lease of power. To ex-
press a reverence for those who bought its
original draft with their blood, and to hold it
up as it was before the hand of modern vandal-
ism had assailed it, is denounced as treason.
This great charter of liberty has not even been
a stumbling-block to your feet in your swift
encroachments upon the rights of all the peo-
ple and the States of this Union, and especially
upon those of the South. You have taken
all the powers it gave you, and you have
usurped every power you desired besides.
No law, however revolutionary, barbarous,
and destructive, was ever found by your con-
struction to be in conflict with its provisions,
if it was demanded by the interests of your
party. Your own will, without let or hinderance
from any quarter, has been the measure of
your legislation.
The Army of the United States has also been
made ready and obedient to your command.
It has been the irresistible instrument with
which to execute your pleasure on a prostrate
people. You say, '• Go, and it goetli; come,
and it cometh;" and nothing has withstood
the accomplishment of your purposes.
The purse of the nation, too, has been in
your grasp as well as the sword. The tax-
payers of America have toiled for you as the
serfs of Russia have, not for their rulers. Their
streaming floods of golden tribute have been
poured into your coffers with every motion of
the pendulum of time. You have taken the
laborer's earnings and lavished uncounted mil-
lions on your baleful schemes of government
under a southern sky.
You have likewise controlled Presidents.
When one of your own election rose up and
stubbornly confronted you with your own pre-
cedents and solemn committals in regard to
the inviolable existence of States, and their
perpetual right of representation, you sought
his overthrow and ruin with a fury and a hate
until then unknown in the history of legislative
bodies. While you barely failed to hurl him
from bis place you were completely successful
in rendering him powerless to execute his
policy or to prevent you from executing yours.
This House was purged in a memorable way,
in order that you might have the two-thirds
majority with which to pass unconstitutional
laws over presidential vetoes. Expulsions of
members took place under the tliin and flimsy
guise of contested elections until the minority
hex-e was sufficiently depleted and you became
paramount over the Executive and absorbed
all his official functions. Lawless legislation
then broke loose upon him, by which he was
bound hand and foot, and made as powerless
as a manacled prisoner in the depths of a dun-
geon. Andrew Johnson no longer divided with
you the responsibility of the Government; you
wielded italone. The Executive who has suc-
ceeded him submits willingly and uncondition-
ally to whatever Congress may propose. You
bold all his powers in your hands and level
them against any liberty or right of the citizen
which you may wish to destroy. He avows
his purpose to run any career you may point
out to him, with no more mind of his own than
the orderly who holds his horse. I pause not
now to ask how you have obtained this degrad-
ing control. Whether it is the cunning of a
vaulting ambition on his part, which with a
pretended humility has been known to push
aside the imperial crown in order to be a little
further persuaded, or whether it springs from
his ignorance, matters not for the purposes of
my present argument. The great fact, that
you possess all the powers and control ail the
departments of this Government is what I
demonstrate.
The Federal patronage, with its immense
and corrupting influences, has also come into
your hands with the surrender of the Execu-
tive. The venal and the mercenary have been
seduced into your support by your offices
arid your profligate expenditure of the public
money; while the timid have been overawed
by the bayonet and the cannon. Every ap-
pliance by which men have ever been sub-
dued to tyranny has been held and used in pro-
fusion by the party now in power, from the
day that the war closed on the bloody soil of
Virginia until the present hour. In proof of
this let the specific details of long-continued
usurpation, evil government, and maladminis-
tration be presented to the candid judgment
of the country.
Sir, the absolute destruction of free insti-
tutions from the Potomac to the liio Grande
commenced with the earliest dawn of peace.
Sherman received Johnston's surrender upon
the precise basis on which the war had been
prosecuted at every stage. He stipulated that
the soldiers of the South should lay down the
arms of their unequal warfare, return to their
States, whose existence had not then been
denied, and resume the pursuits of industry
where they had left off, subject only to the
destruction of slavery, which was wrought by
the movements of armies, and not by procla-
mations. He had more than a thousand
precedents in the deliberate and recorded
actions of this Government for his conduct.
He was sustained by both branches of Con-
gress iti innumerable ways ; by four years of
incessant and voluminous legislation, by the
enactment of apportionment laws throughout I
the States whose people were in rebellion, by
districting them for judicial purposes, bylcvy-
ing upon them direct taxes as members of the
Union under the Constitution, by the constant
reception of their representatives on this floor
and in the Senate, by the most solemn and
binding joint resolutions, and by every other
mode in which this department of the Govern-
ment can commit and pledge itself. He was
upheld by every document, also to which the
name of the Executive was attached during
the war, by every message, inaugural, procla-
mation, and order of that prolific period. The
courts added their weighty sanction, from
those of the lowest and feeblest jurisdiction to
those of the loftiest pretensions and powers.
No Government in the widespread history of
the nations of the earth was ever under volun-
tary and self-imposed obligations of greater
force and magnitude. The word and the honor
of the Republic had been plighted over and
over again to its own citizens and in the sight
and hearing of the civilized world. The
moment, however, that resistance ceased, and
' the way was opened for the long pent-up
purposes of revolution, centralization, and
rapine, the party in power broke with shame-
less haste its most sacred faith, flung aside
the mask it had worn for years, admitted that
its previous pretensions and promises were
fraudulent, and clamored with wild ferocity
against the hero of the march to the sea be-
cause he had believed they were true and
sincere, and had acted on tbern. The terms
which Sherman gave to a fallen foe had often
been tendered to that foe before he fell; but
they were now madly thrust aside in the hour
of victory, and the general himself denounced
far and wide as a traitor to his country. The
hue-and-cry was raised against him as if he was
j a fleeing fugitive from justice. That memor-
able and disgraceful outburst cannot be covered
with oblivion. It more resembled the en-
raged scream of a beast of prey about to be
baffled out of its victim than the reasonable
expression of human beings. The victim,
however, was surrendered to the clutches of
an inflamed and victorious party, and the work
of demolition and ruin was at once commenced.
From turret to foundation you tore down the
governments of eleven States. You left not
one stone upon another. You rent all their
local laws and machinery into fragments and
trampled upon their ruins. Not a vestige of
their former construction remained. Their
pillars, their rafters, their beams, and all their
deep-laid corners, the work of a wise and de-
voted generation of the past, were all dragged
away, and the sites where they once stood left
naked for the erection of new and different
structures. You removed the rubbish, pushed
the Army into the vacant ground, established
provisional governments as you would over
territory just acquired by conquest from a for-
eign Power, and clothed brigadier and major
generals with extraordinary functions as Gov-
ernors.
This was the beginning of the present organ-
ization ; those odious and unsightly fabrics
which now cumber the earth, and which stand
as the open, reeking, and confessed shambles
of corruption, pollution, and revolting mis-
rule. They embrace not one single element
of popular consent. They are the hideous off-
spring of your own unnatural and unlawful
force and violence. The great body of the
people of that unfortunate section had no
more share in the rebuilding of their local
governments than the sepoys ot the East In-
dies have in the affairs of the British empire.
They were excluded from alt participation by
the most elaborate and minute schemes of
legislative proscription of which history makes
any record.
The first duty of the provisional governments
which you established was to call conventions
to frame newconstituiions fortbese old States,
and to prepare them for readmission into that
Union from wliich you had sworn so often and
