1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3715
What security has the citizen for his liberty or
freedom from incarceration, when Congress
may invest the President at any moment, in a
time of profound peace and quiet, when there
is 110 tumult and no combination to overturn
or to resist the laws, with the power to suspend
this great writ? What security is there for
personal liberty when such a power is placed
m the hands of any man? Why, sir, Cougress
could not exercise the power now, constitu-
tionally, itself, and if it cannot exercise the
power itself, how can it transfer the authority
to another?
Mr. President, in the whole history of this
Government, from its foundation to the present
time, this writ has been suspended but once,
and that was in 1863, when we were engaged
in actual war with the South. That is the
only time (except in 1871) when it was sus-
pended, for the alleged purpose of putting
down alleged disorders in the South. And
when it was suspended it gave the President
the authority to suspend the writ in the whole
country. There was then an invasion, and
armed hostility, actual war then existed, and
there might have been a necessity for it. At
all events the circumstances contemplated by
the Constitution existed, a condition of things
which might have justified Congress in sus-
pending the writ. But I do not think that
Congress even then had any authority to in-
vest the President with the power. They had
the power themselves to do it, but not to
transfer it to another, though there was an actual
war, an invasion at the time. Although they
pave the Pre.-ident this general power over it,
he qualified the suspension in a very peculiar
manner. He said in his proclamation sus-
pending it that it was done—
"During the rebellion throughout the United
States, in all cases when, by the authority of the
President of the United States, the military, naval,
and civil officers of the United States, or any of
them, hold persons under their command or in their
custody, eitner as prisoners of wnr, spies, or aiders
or abettors of the enemy, the officers, soldiers, or
seamen enrolled, dratted, or mustered or enlisted
in or belonging to the land or naval forces of the
United States, or as deserters therefrom, or other-
wise am enable to military law or the Rules and Arti-
cles of War; or the rules or regulations prescribed for
the militaiy or naval service, by authority of tho
President of the United States, or for resisting a
draft, or for any other offense against the military
or naval service."
It is thus seen that the President, although
he had unlimited power, yet confined it to cer-
ta:n classes of cases. I have prepared an
amendment to this bill and have made it con-
form to the language of the bill of 1871. By
that act, the President was required first to
issue his proclamation commanding the insur-
gents, as the law calls them, to disperse. He
did issue his proclamation, and 1 believe he
allowed only five days before he suspended the
habeas corpus. What was the purpose and
object of Congress in providing for the issuing
the proclamation? The notice by it was de-
signed to induce the people to disperse, and
to cease from acts of violence ; to give them
an opportunity to know what the disposition
of the Government was if they continued to
violate the law. But before the proclamation
could reach the persons it was intended to
affect, before they couid see or know any-
thing ^bout it, the writ was suspended. Was
not that a hasty and improvident proceeding?
Does it not show that no one man ought to be
intrusted with such a delicate and dangerous
power?
Again, the Constitution provides that the
Federal military shall not be used unless when
called for by the Legislature of a State, or by
the Executive when the Legislature is not in
session. The President has no authority,
Congress has no authority, to send military into
any State. The Governor of the State or the
Legislature of the State has the right to call
upon the President when there is invasion or
domestic violence which the powers of the
State are not able to subdue. It was so in the
case of lihode Island. There were two parties
in armed hostility, and the governing party
called upon the President for aid, and he
sent it; no violence was committed. There
is no provision in this law for such an emer-
gency.
I do not intend to follow the ge tlemen who
have been commenting on the right of seces-
sion, &c., but I will read a portion of one of
the numbers of the Federalist, written by
Alexander Hamilton, who certainly had some
knowledge of the Constitution; and if that
number does not contain the elements of op-
position by a State to the General Government,
I know not the meaning of the English lan-
guage. 11' it be not secession, it is armed
resistance. This writing of Alexander Ham-
ilton contemplates, not the breaking up of the
General Government, but if by usurpation of
authority the State, he said, has a right to use
force in resisting the General Government*
and that if more States are concerned they
have a right to unite in their resistance. That
is the doctrine.' It is in order to bring the
Government back to its proper position and
action; not to break up the General Govern-
ment, but to act as a check upon it, and by
force, if necessary, to bring it back to its
proper constitutional sphere of action, so as
to leave the States to exercise their constitu-
tional functions in all matters reserved by the
States and not expressly delegated to the
Federal Government by the,Constitution of
the United States. I read from the number
of the Federalist as follows:
"It may safely be received as ana.xiomin our polit-
ical system, that the State governments will, in all
possible contingencies, afford complete security
against invasions of the public liberty by thenational
authority. Projects of usurpation cannot bo masked
under preteuaes so likely to escape the penetration
of select bodies ofmen, as of the people at large. The
Legislatures will have better means of information;
they can discover the danger at a distance ; and pos-
sessing ail tho organs of civil power, and the confi-
dence of the people, they can at onee adopt n regular
plan of opposition, ill which they can combine all
the resources of the community. They can readily
communicatewith each other in the different States,
and unite their common forces for the protection of
their common liberty.
" The groat extent of the country is a further
security. Wo have already experienced its utility
against tho attacks of a foreign enemy. And it
would have precisely the same effect against the
enterprises of ambjtious rulers in the national coun-
cils. If the Federal Army should bo able to quell
the resistance of one State, tho distant States would
have it in their power to make head with fresh
forces, 'the advantages obtained in one place must
be abandoned to subdue the opposition in others :
and the moment the part which had been reduced
to submission was left to itself its efforts would be
renewed and its resistance revived."
This is an evidence that cases may arise
between the General and State Governments
of which the Supreme Court cannot obtain
jurisdiction, and that where there is no com-
mon arbiter, the encroachments of Federal
power on the reserved rights of the States
in a material matter may be corrected by the
States in the manner stated by Mr. Hamilton.
This is not secession, but an adjustment of the
| relative powers and action of the two systems
j of government.
! This is the theory of the Constitution, laid
down by one of its framers, that whenever the
General Government shall attempt to usurp
powers which do not belong to it, armed
resistance may be resorted to by the States.
The Senator from Indiana read portions of a
message from Mr. Buchanan ; but there was
another which he did not read. It suited the
Senator to read two paragraphs and leave out
the middle which did not suit his purpose so
well. He was charging Mr. Buchanan with a
heresy in his message to Congress in 1860, and
with the consequences of that heresy in the loss
of so many thousands of men and the shed-
ding of much bfood. Mr. Buchanan, in this
message, said when he was contending that he
had no power to coerce a State as a State that—
"Itappears from tho proceedings of that body"—
That is, the Convention which framed the
Constitution—
■'that onthe31st May, 1787, the clause 'authorizing
an exertion of the force of the whole against a delin-
quent State' came up for consideration. Mr. Mad-
ison opposed it in a brief but powerful speech, from
which I shall extract but a single sentence. He ob-
served, ' The use of force against a State would look
more like a declaration of war than an infliction of
punishment, and would probably be considered by
the party attacked as a dissolution of all previous
compacts by which it might be bound.' Upon his
motion the clause was unanimously postponed, and
was never, I believe, again proscnted. Soon after-
ward, on the 8th June, 1787, when incidentally ad-
verting tothe subject, he said, 'Any Government
for the United States formed on the supposed prac-
ticability of using force against the unconstitutional
proceedings of the States would prove as visionary
and fallacious as the government of Congress,' evi-
dently meaning the then existing Congress of the old
Confederation."
Mr. Buchanan's theory was that Federal
power would operate on men, on individuals,
and not on States in their sovereign and cor-
porate capacity.
If Mr. Buchanan uttered heresy, he did it
on the authority of Mr. Madison, one of the
framers of the Constitution, one of the best
and wisest statesmen of our country, and
whose memory will be cherished as such by
every true lover of constitutional government.
Now, sir, the amendment which I shall pro-
pose to this bill is a proviso to be added to it,
m these words:
Provided,That before the President shall sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus in any State he shall
be satisfied by the affidavits of at least ten respect-
able persons residents of the county or district where
such unlawful combinations and disorders arc alleged
to exist, that insurrection, domestic violence, unlaw-
ful combinations or conspiracies to obstruct or hinder
the execution of the laws of such States or of the
United States exist to deprive a portion or class of
the people of such State of some of the rights, priv-
ileges, immunities, or protections named in the Con-
stitution and secured by law, and that such combin-
ations are so organized, armed, numerous, and pow-
erful, as to be able, by violence, to overthrow or set
at defiance the constituted authorities of such State,
and of the United States within such State, or that
the constituted authorities are in complicity with or
connive at the unlawful purposes oi such armed
and powerful combinations.
I have copied the language of the law of
1S71, which says;
"That whenever in any State or part of a State
the unlawful combinations named in the preceding
section of this act shall be organized and armed,
and so numerous and powerful as to be able, by vio-
lence, to either overthrow or set at defiance the
constituted authorities of such State, and of tho
United States within such State, or when the con-
stituted authorities are in complicity with or shall
connive at the unlawful purposes of such powerful
and armed combinations: and whenever, by reason
of either or all of the causes aforesaid, the convic-
tion of such offenders and the preservation of the
public safety shall beoomein such district impracti-
cable, in every such case such combinations shall
be deemed a rebellion against the Government of
the United States," &c.
The previous section to which this refers
is the phrase " that whenever in any State or
part of a State the unlawful combinations
named in the preceding section of this act
shall," &c., and specifies the purposes and ob-
jects of these combinations. I have copied the
language of the law, and have only changed it
to require the affidavits of at least ten respecta-
ble citizensin each county or district in which it
is proposed to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus before the suspension shall take place.
I think this is reasonable. I do not think that it-
should depend upon mere letters written tothe
President, or upon mere oral conversations
held with him. This matter is an important
one, involving one of the highestpowers claimed
under the Constitution.
The action of the President should at least
be upon proof of some kind, and I think the
affidavits of at least ten persons that rebellion
exists should be required. If it should exist,
it will be an easy matter to obtain the affi-
davits of that number of reputable citizens;
but unless ho has at least that proof, I do not
think that the liberties of this people should
be taken from them simply upon parole repre-
sentations or upon letters written by A, B, C,
or D to the President. 1 therefore offer the
amendment which I have indicated, and which
I now send to the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER; The amend-
