1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2819
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed and requested the concur-
rence of the House in a bill of the following
title:
A bill (S. No. 867) granting a pension to
Margaret H. Judd, of Wilmington, Delaware.
order or business.
Mr. DAWES. I propose, before moving
to go into Committee of the Whole on the
tariff bill 
Mr. BANKS. I call for the regular order
of business I want a morning hour for the
Committee on Foreign Affairs on private bills.
Mr. MAYNAED. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report from the Committee of Ways
and Means a bill to provide for the issue of
bonds in lieu of destroyed or defaced bonds
of the United States.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the regular
order.
Mr. BANKS. I want a morning hour for
private bills.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to cut off
the morning hour during the discussion of the
tariff. But it is evident that in order to have
a morning hour we must either sit evenings,
or meet an hour earlier in the day-time. 1
think that during the discussion upon the
tariff every member of the House would pre-
fer to meet an hour earlier rather than to meet
in evening sessions. For the purpose of test-
ing the sense of the House upon that ques-
tion T offer the following :
Resolved, That on and after Monday next the
House will meet at eleven o'clock a. m. until other-
wise ordered.
Mr. SARGENT. How long is general
debate to run on the tariff bill?
The SPEAKER. No order has been made.
Is there objection to the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes?]
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. DAWES. Is not the resolution in
order?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent, as the rule fixes the hour of daily meet-
ing, and the gentleman's proposition is equiv-
alent to a suspension of the rules.
Mr. DAWES. Then I move that the rules
be suspended and the House now resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union upon the tariff bill.
Mr. BANKS. Is that motion in order until
after the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It is in order to move,
before the morning hour, to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole upon the special order. If
the House shall agree to the motion it will be
for the Committee of the Whole to determine
what business it will proceed to consider.
Mr. DICKEY. Pending that motion, I
desire to offer a privileged resolution.
Mr. BANKS. We have lost the morning
hour of Friday for two weeks past.
Mr. DAWES. If I could get the resolution
adopted for the earlier meeting of the House
I would withdraw my motion to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole. Pending the motion to
go into Committee of the Whole, I desire to
move that all general debate on the tariff bill
shall terminate at three o'clock on Tuesday
next.
Mr. WOOD. Each member of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means desires one hour
in general debate. I think other gentlemen
should have an opportunity to discuss this
question.
Mr. BANKS. I ask that the rule be read.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman indi-
cate what rule?
Mr. BANKS. I only speak from recollec-
tion, that the motion of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Dawes]
is not in order until after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mis-
taken ; the tariff bill is made a special order
after the morning hour. But that does not de-
prive the gentleman from the right to move to
suspend the rules and to go into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union at any
time. After the House shall have resolved itself
into Committee of the Whole, the committee
■can determine what business it shall take up
and consider.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the House shall re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole to-
day, would not the Private Calendar be first
in order?
The SPEAKER. It would not, unless the
House shall so determine before going into
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DAWES. I submit to the House that
under the circumstances there should be no
objection to going into Committee of the
Whole upon the subject of the tariff. I do
not know that any Committee of Ways and
Means since I have been in Congress has
labored under such embarrassments as have
beset the present committee in everything
it has undertaken to bring before the House.
I am willing to surrender the difficult posi-
tion which has been assigned to me, and I
think every member of the committe is ready
to do the same. But something at least is
due by the House to our committee; and
when the House has voted that from last
Tuesday, to the exclusion of every other
order, the tariff bill should be considered in
Committee of the Whole until disposed of,
it seems to me not an unreasonable request
that the House now go into committee. The
House, of course, will fix the time for term-
inating debate. The only limit I want to
put upon it is that which is most consistent
with the dispatch of business.
Here is my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Dickey] with a resolution in his hand for final
adjournment on the 29th of May.
Several Members. We will vote that down.
Mr. DAWES. A resolution fixing that date
for final adjournment has already passed the
Senate and been referred in this House to the
Committee of Ways and Means. Our commit-
tee has considered the resolution ; but until
there has been some indication of the dis-
position of the House upon the question of
the tariff and other financial questions we do
not feel at liberty to report it back. We are
anxious to bring it back at the earliest possi-
ble moment; but the country expects action
of some kind upon the tariff question. Now I
ask the House 
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to a question of
order, whether, as a matter of procedure, the
motion to go into Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar does not to-day take pre-
cedence of the motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. I am aware that a majority
of the House can determine that question—
can say whether we shall go into Committee
of the Whole upon the Private Calendar or
upon the tariff bill. I know that the rules
give priority on this day to private business.
Mr. NIBLACK. I believe I have the right
to submit that motion in -preference to that
of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER. The question is for the
House to decide.
Mr. DICKEY. I desire to say a word. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
has indicated that 1 intend to offer a resolu-
tion (of which I gave him notice) for fiual
adjournment on the 29th of May. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have had a resolu-
tion of that kind before them for a month or
six weeks.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. 1 rise to a
question of order.
Mr. DICKEY. Of course you do.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I submit
that there is no debatable question before the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. BANKS.. I ask the Chair whether the
proposition of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, will not cut off the morning hour
indefinitely ?
The SPEAKER. That will be for the
House to determine.
Mr. BANKS. I mean if the House should
sustain his motion.
The SPEAKER. The question is within
the power of the majority of the House.
Mr. BANKS. But I am sure that the House
does not want to cut off the morning hour for
the next two or three weeks.
Mr. CONGER. I would inquire of the
Chair whether a suspension of the rules does
not require a two-thirds vote?
The SPEAKER. The rules themselves spe-
cifically provide that a suspension of the rules
to go into Committee of the Whole may be
agreed to by a majority vote.
final adjournment.
Mr. DICKEY. I rise to a question of
privilege.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] rises to a ques-
tion more highly privileged than the motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.]
Mr. DICKEY. I desire to state 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] objects to debate. The
Clerk will read the privileged resolution of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the Presi-
dent of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of
Representatives adjourn their respective Houses for
the present session on Wednesday, the 29th of May
next, at twelve o'clock m.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
say a word.
Mr. DICKEY. 1 object unless I can also
have unanimous consent to say a word. This
privilege ought to be reciprocal.
The SPEAKER. This resolution is debat-
able within narrow limits, upon considerations
affecting the order of business.
Mr. DAWES. Then I desire to say, Mr.
Speaker, that the passage of this resolution
would send it over to the Senate for con-
sideration there. It would not be a concur-
rence technically with the original resolution
which has been passed by the Senate, and is
now in the hands of the Committee of Ways
and Means. It is no violation of the secrets
of that committee for me to say what I have
already stated in substance, that the committee
have considered the public business in con-
nection with that resolution. They have had
a conference with members of the other branch
in reference to the public business, to ascer-
tain whether it is possible to close the session
on the 29th of May.
If the House work from eleven to five o'clock,
having a morning hour each day, the committee
will not ask any evening session at present.
They are of the belief that the public business
can be carried through in time to adjourn on the
29th of May. If we pass the resolution in the
Committee of Ways and Means, that takes it
beyond any contingency or emergency, and the
two Houses wouid be obliged to abandon here
on the 29th of May whatever important measures
should be pending and unfinished. Therefore
as a matter of wisdom and precaution 1 think
the House at this time should not determine
when we are to adjourn. We ought not to
determine now that we shall adjourn on the
29th of May. That is the reason, Mr. Speaker,
that the Committee of Ways and Means have
kept that, resolution from the Senate until this
time. It was not for the purpose of prolong-
ing the session.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means. How much time are we to
understand is to be awarded for debate, and
