1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Y9
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Morton.
Senate.
and I first call the attention of the Senate to
this:
"We also desire for our vindication the facts, ,
under your official seal, connected with the purchase ■[
by us of fifty thousand Springfield muskets, cleaned ![
and repaired, on the 28th of September, 1870, and j[
the sale by the War Department, on the 23d of Oclo- :
ber, of three hundred thousand muskets. The veri-
fication of the fact that we were prohibited in the
latter transaction from purchasing, and were thus
compelled to resort to other parties to make them,
is also solicited."
There is the explanation of the whole thing.
He wants the War Department to say that after
he had bought the fifty thousand muskets he
was prohibited from buyingany more, and that
he was compelled to resort to private persons
for the purpose of getting the residue.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does the letter contain any-
thing about the Richardson purchase and about
the fifty batteries of artillery?
Mr. MORTON. Why, Mr. President, it
speaks of all the rest. He speaks of those
things I suppose that are in controversy over
there, and he says that after buying the fifty
thousand they would allow him to buy no more,
and that he was compelled to resort to private
parties, and of course he had to pay those pri-
vate parties their profit; and that is the way
the difficulty came in between him and the
French Government. They regarded him as
their agent; they thought they had to pay him
nothing but the five per cent., or two and a
half per cent.; and he explains to the French
Government that after he had bought fifty thou-
sand muskets the War Department found out
that he was the agent of France and would not
sell him any more, and he had to buy in a
roundabout way; he had to go and get private
parties to buy; they had to have their profit,
and of course he was charged that in his ac-
count, and he wants this fact verifie i as an
important fact to him.
Mr. SCH UR.Z. Is it known to the Senator,
perhaps, that these immediate parties sold to
Remington for about the same price, I think
quite so, that was paid to the War Depart-
ment?
Mr. MORTON. I think I heard the Sena-
tor state that substantially oil Thursday. That
is the principal means I have of knowing it.
I am not so familiar with the French accounts
as he is. But the important point and the
explanation of the whole thing—and it sweeps
away all this fog, it leaves no excuse tor say-
ing a word further on the subject—is that Mr.
Remington here states: " 1 want the War De-
partment to certify that alter I had bought
fifty thousand of these arms and you had found
out that I was a French agent, you sold to me
no longer, and I was compelled to buy through
piivate parties, and that will be my explana-
tion to the French Government of the charges
I have made." That is all there is of it. And
he says in conclusion:
"We would also be pleased to be informed whether
the arms and ammunition, when sold, were consid-
ered in a serviceable condition."
That is the way that is called out; it is a
postscript to Remington's letter. In other
words, "Were these arms and was this ammu-
nition in good condition when it was sold;
have I done my duty ; have I exercised reason-
able diligence in the purchase of these things ;
will you say now what the condition of these
things was when they were sold by the Gov-
ernment of the United States?" And the
answer is " good," in this letter.
Again he says:
"As our loyalty during the recent rebellion in the
United States has also been questioned, we desire to
tiespass on your kindness further by asking your
indorsement in this respect."
This letter was received by the Secretary
of War, and he referred it to the chief of ord-
nance ; and now 1 shall ask to have the whole
letter of the Secretary of War read. We have
had some extracts that fail to show its true
character. Here is the letter addressed to
Mr. Remington by the Secretary of War. I
send it to the desk to be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
War Department, December 6,1871.
Gentlemen: Your letter of the 6th instant was
referred by me to the chief of ordnance, whose
report thereon I herewith transmit for your inform-
ation and use. The report is as follow?:
Ordnance Office,
"Washington, December b, 1871.
Sir: I have the honor to report, in answer to the
letter of E. Remington & Sons, that the house of
E. Remington &Sons has been well and favorably
known to this department for more than twenty-five
years, during all of which time it has had its con-
fidence.
The contracts made by this department with E.
Remington & Sons, during the war of the rebellion,
were very extensive, amounting to millions of dollars,
and were faithfully and satisfactorily performed.
As manufacturers of arms during the rebellion
and since, their house has deservedly enjoyed ahigh
reputation. No house in the country has enjoyed
more fully the confidence of the War Department
than theirs, and its ability to fulfill all contracts
made with the War Department has never been
doubted. Itsloyalty has not, to my knowledge, been
questioned.
Since the close of the rebellion this department
has, with the sanction of Congress, been engaged in
selling arms and other ordnance stores, and the
house of E. Remington Sons has frequently been
a purchaser. Between the 1st of July and the mid-
dle of October. 1870, extensive sales were made by
this department to that house, among them a sale
of fifty thousand cleaned and repaired Springfield
muskets, at five dollars each, on the 28th of Septem-
ber, 1870. There was very little demand tor this
grade of arms at that time, and the price was con-
sidered as very low.
The demand for Springfield muskets increased
rapidly from that time, and when I returned to duty
in the ordnance office about the middle of October,
1870, I found a number of bids for such arms on file,
and bidders anxious to purchase; so anxious in
fact were they to secure thein that 1 immediately
decided to recommend that no sale should be made
until after bids lor Springfield muskets had been
invited by this department.
My recommendation to that effect received your
approval, and I immediately invited by letter bids
from all the principal dealers in arms who were
known to the department. Half an hour before the
time fixed for opening the bids, Mr. Squire, who
was known to be an agent of the house of E. Rem-
ington & Sons, showed me a dispatch from a mem-
ber of that house which stated that E. Remington &
Sons were agents of the French Government, and
authorized to purchase arms for it. The object of
Mr. Squire in exhibiting this dispatch to me ap-
peared to be to prevent the arms from falling into
the hands of parties who would extort a high price
from him for them. He seemed anxious to purchase
arms from the departmeat at as low prices as he
could get them.
I postponed opening the bids, and immediately
showed the dispatch to you, and you promptly told
me to suspend the sale and not to entertain any bid
of Mr. Squire or Remington & Sons for arms,  fcc.
You told me that you would not allow arms to
be sold to any agent of either belligerent (France
or Prussia.) I communicated this decision to Mr.
Squire and invited new bids for the arms.
A few days afterward I sold a large number of
Springfield muskets upon bids which I had invited
after tho above interview with you had taken place.
New Springfield muskets brought from $12 05 to
$12 30, and cleaned and repaired $9 30 as per instruc-
tions to the ordnance agent, as follows:
Ordnance Office,
War Department, October 20,1870.
Sir : Mr. Charles Wright having failed to put up
therequired margin of twenty percent, of the amount
of his bid for arms and ammunition within the time
limited by the terms of sale, his bid has been rejected
and the following awards have been made, namely:
To Austin Baldwin & Co.:
40,000 new Springfield muskets, caliber 58, at
$12 30 each.
110,000 cleaned and repaired Springfield muskets,
caliber 58, at $9 30.
To Herman Boker & Co.:
50,000 new Springfield muskets, caliber 58, at
$1210 each.
To Schuyler, Hartley & Graham:
100,000 new Springfield muskets, caliber 58, at
812 05 each.
You are authorized to deliver the ordnance stores
to tho partiesnamed above, atNew York city, with-
out charge for boxes.
Certified checks, or their equivalents, for twenty
per cent, of the amount of each must be deposited
in your hands as follows : Messrs. Austin Baldwin «fe
Co., Herman Boker & Co., Schuyler, Hartley &
Graham, by four o'clock p.m. on Friday, the 21st
instant.
You will be governed strictly by these instruc-
tions, and no departure whatever from them will be
permitted.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. B. DYER, Chief of Ordnance.
Major S. Crispin, Box 1811, New York,
It was known at the time that these arms were in
demand, and I consider the prices realized perfectly
fair; and I would not have sold new Springfields
at less than twelve dollars per arm, cleaned and
repaired at less than about the price paid, say $9 30
per arm, nor the breech-loading Springfield at less
than $21 60, their cost to the Government.
As early as the 4th of October, 1870, during my
absence from duty m the ordnance office, the War
Department had decided not to sell new Springfields
for less than twelve dollars, nor cleaned and re-
paired Springfields for less than eight dollars; and
betore my return to the office on the 13th of October,
1870. bids higher than eightdollars had beenreceived
at the ordnance office for cleaned and repaired
Springfield muskets.
In reply to the inquiry as to the quality of stores
sold by the department, I have to say that all ord-
nancestoresdisposedof as serviceable were believed
to be serviceable and fit for issue. They were so
borne upon the property returns ot the arsenals, and
were regarded as serviceable by the commanders of
the arsenals. They were considered as fit for issue
to our troops.
The cartridges which were sold had been duly
inspected before being received by the United States,
and were regarded as serviceable uud fit for issue
when sold.
In confirmation of what I have previously stated
herein as to the standing of the house of E. Reming-
ton & Sons, I will add. that the report made to the
Secretary of War in 1862, by the commission on ord-
nance and ordnance stores, and which is on file in
this bureau, shows that their house was regarded
by the commission as eminently loyal and patriotic.
For evidence of this you are respectfully referred
to the report ot the commission, and particularly to
tho letter of General Holt, an extract from which is
here given:
"Among the proposals is that of E. Remington &
Sons for lorty thousand Springfield muskets at six-
teen dollars each, which is tho best ofler made. We
recommend, as a means of fixing the price of this
arm at a fair rate, that the proposal of E. Reming-
ton & Sons shall be at once accepted, and a contract
closed wirh them.
"x\lr. Remington is one of the oldest manufacturers
of arms in the United States, is a man of high char-
acter and undoubted respont-ibility, and has, in his
conferences with us, displayed public spirit that
cannot be too strongly commended. His example,
if properly encouraged, will piove invaluable to the
Government. j_ H0LXj Commimoner."
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. B. DYER,
Chief of Ordnance United States Army.
To the Secretary of War.
I have caused tlie official *eal of tile Department
to be herewith affixed oyer my signature.
Very respectfully, &a..
ffM. W. BELKNAP.
Secretary of War.
Messrs. E. Remington & Soxs, Washington, D. C.
Mr. MORTON. Now, Mr. President, T
appeal to the candor of all who hear me if
there is anything in that letter, from first to
last, which can possibly implicate our Gov-
ernment, either in its good faith or iu a vio-
lation of the law. They answer the request
made by Mr. Remington. They say he is an
old arms' merchant, an old manufacturer, of
twenty-live years' standing, a man of good
character. They go on 10 state that they had
refused to sell him arms after it was found out
that he was the agent of the French Govern-
ment. They then state that arms had been
sold after that to parties not known to be con-
nected with the French Government, and they
give their names. These were sold on the
20th of October: Baldwin & Co. forty thou-
sand new Springfield muskets, one hundred
and ten thousand cleaned and repaired Spring-
field muskets, and twenty-five million car-
tridges. On the same day, to H. Boker &
Co., fifty thousand new Springfield muskets ;
on the. same day, to Schuyler, Hartley &
Graham, one hundred thousand new Spring-
field muskets—twenty per cent, paid by four
o'clock the next day, the 21st of October.
And this brings me to the very sensational
statement made by the Senator yesterday, one
that was calculated to thrill and to excite the
country—the unusual and remarkable dispatch
that these arms were sold on the 20th, and the
installment of twenty per cent, was paid by
four o'clock the nest day by the French Gov-
ernment.—and a thing that certainly must cre-
ate the most violent suspicion and affect the
good character of our Government. Here is
the letter to Remington stating wliit the con-
ditions of the sale were, and they were irnpera-
