182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
a very lively and interesting performance be-
fore we leave this Chamber. [Laughter.] I
have notes before me; but I am admonished
to proceed.
Then comes the last proposition, that which
would give some force, some power, some effi-
cacy to this committee, namely, that they may
send for persons and papers. When it is pro-
posed to give power to send for persons and
papers, Senators who have Jived heretofore
apparently for no other purpose, having no
visible means of occupation except sending
for persons and papers, throw themselves
into an attitude of perfect horror. Grasping
the Constitution of the country they exclaim,
"What! send for persons and papers when
this blessed document declares that men's
persons and papers shall not be subject to un-
necessary seizures !" These are necessary
seizures, or else there can never occur a set
of circumstances that, would admit it. No,
that is so jnuch for declamation and so much
for the prairies and the intelligent men in the
back country. [Laughter.]
If these propositions contained in the
amendment are voted down, what, will the
•unsophisticated people think about this? Will
they think for one single moment that there is
not something wrong, something suspicious?
The President of the United States has spoken
in behalf of reform. I stand by his side on
the platform of reform. I think the Senator
from lliinois is ranged on the same platform,
as I understand him. I think the Senator
from Missouri has been there preoccupying it
so long that if a platform could be cultivated
he might as a preemptor take possession of
it. Now, when we come to that position and
begii\ to sustain the President in the matter
of reform, if a majority of the Senate who are
par excellence the friends, the keepers of the
Administration, shall go back upon it, there is
no reasonable construction that the people
could make of the whole matter except this:
they will ask, "Is there a little arrangement
by which the President is to commit in his
message the party to reform; and then is
there a little understanding that his special
friends in the Senate will hold back in the
traces and let him have the glory of the
reform and they never let the people have
the benefit of the reform?" Of course there
is nothing of this kind intended: but I fear
the gentlemen will be placed in a false posi-
tion, and being a lover of humanity, I would
not willingly see them slaughtered.
Now, why should the Chronicle have been
alarmed and suppose that it would be in the
power of the Senator frem Missouri and the
Senator from Illinois to get control of this
committee, and cast dirt upon the Adminis-
tration? Is there not a majority of us here;
or, where we are all on one side, can we talk
about majorities at all? These Democratic
members I look upon as here by our kind per-
mission simply. [Laughter.] Would they have
any right to seats in the Senate of the United
States unless they subscribed to our creed,
which I trust in good time they will all do?
[Laughter. ] I say we are a majority here, and
we can organize this committee, therefore, so
that neither the Senator from Missouri nor
any other Senator can get such a degree of
control of it as to injure the Republican party.
Such men must not have prominent positions
upon it, and so far as I am concerned they
shall not have these important positions upon
it; and yet the papers in advance of the action
here have prepared the public mind for any-
thing that shall be done in order that the coun-
try may be saved from the calamity of two or
three Senators who are designated getting the
control of the committee.
The honorable Senator from New York yes-
terday laid it down as a general proposition
that the strength of the Republican party con-
sisted in its willingness to expose frauds among
its own members. I think I quote him cor-
rectly. I used to agree with him; but I tried
that once. Not, very long since an office-
holder of my State received a renomination,
and I went into the contest against him, but
he was elected. I thought that I could not
apply to him the prayer of the Chaplain that
he had left more than he had carried off, for
I thought he had taken it all and left the peo-
ple nothing of their school fund. I opposed
him on the basis laid down by the honorable
Senator from New York, believing that the
purity of my party demanded the effort. I
was overwhelmed; but the agitation produced
the action of the Legislature one year ago,
and that officer was impeached, and he was
removed when the charges w«re proven which
I used against him.
But in my own State first I was icformed
that according to the manner in which offices
were awarded on the rule of fidelity to party
in this country, if I did not desist I would be-
read out of the party in the city of Washing-
ton. Well, now, we want the capital out West.
But I did not recognize the existence of Wash-
ington yet in the State of Nebraska, and my
simple response was,'' Washington has nothing
to do with me; let the authorities in Washing-
ton mind their business and I will take care of
mine." But though I have been sustained in
that infidelity to my party in opposing a man
who, for the crimes I charged on him, has
been convicted and removed by impeachment,
I was told on Pennsylvania avenue, "You
have been reported to headquarters, and you
will be discarded in the distribution of pat-
ronage." I have not yet recovered from that
charge; I am not yet extricated from that
position. I understand how party power is
exerted in this land when there is a degree of
independence that becomes offensive to men
in very exalted positions. We are discussing
those points at the present time..
Mr. President, I think, in conclusion, that
when the honorable Senator from Illinois pre-
sented his amendment here; when I remem-
bered that an earnest, active, not a know-noth-
ing Senate, but a working, determined Senate
five years ago had passed the same identical
resolution he offered; when I saw the great
necessity for the continuance of the committee,
when the voluminous record of testimony taken
by it with regard to the New York custom-
house was ventilated to the Senate by distin-
guished Senators for two days, I was justified
in supposing thatwe should cometogether, and
that we would yet pass the resolution with the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois. I
did not suppose that a proposition which had
been so dear heretofore to distinguished Sen-
ators, that a proposition which had been aided
and sustained by them, would be ignored at
the present time when the leaks in the Treas-
ury were as large as they had been. I did not
anticipate that they would thus be willing to
go back, as I thought, upon what was custom
here, if not imperative customs, that where
there was evidence of such frauds full power
should be given to sift them. It has happened
within the last fifteen or twenty minutes in
this Chamber that the information is given to
us that even the chairman of the committee
that presented this expose of corruption in New
York is not aware that the men have ever yet
been removed, though the testimony showed
that they were in the habit of receiving abso-
lute and naked bribes.
With all these facts before us, I could not
suppose but what these gentlemen would sus-
tain the proposition with eloquence, with
power, with determination, and that if other
men faltered, they never could falter. I had a
right to suppose that if they died before all the
corruptions were finally ferreted out and pun-
ished in the land they would desire that their
graves should be but slightly filled in order that
hereafter they might come back, if possible,
and help to complete the whole of the day's
work. But, instead of that, they have antici-
pated their contemplated resurrection. They
bring us in their resolution a political corpse,
shrouded and coffined, hereafter to be ani-
mated with a very lamb-like soul which shall
only receive its retrenchment authority when
the honorable Senator from New York, [Mr.
Conkling,] standing by its temporary tomb,
in the majestic attitude of a Republican deity,
shall infuse life into it and bid it go forth.
Sleep is to be the rule, and breathing and
moving in this land of ours is to be the excep-
tion, of their Committee on Retrenchmentand
Reform.
Sir, I have done what I could to present the
views which I have on this subject; but it we
are overruled here, we have the consolation
of knowing that, perhaps, clear-headed hon-
esty, pure-hearted integrity, unskilled in the
wiles of the politician and the necessities of
hard-pressed partisan leaders, may some time
come to the conclusion that, though we lose
the cause to-day, we shall yet gain it in that
better time coming.
The'PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wil-
son in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull.}
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 35 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair. Casserly,
Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Senton, Hamilton
of Maryland, Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Patterson,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Stevenson, Stockton,
Sumner, Tirarman, Tipton. Trumbull, V ickera.W est,
and Wilson—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman,Brown-
low, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter,
Chandler. Clayton. Conkling. Corbett, Crnsin. Ed-
munds, Ferry of Michigan, Jlanagan, Frelinghuy-
sen, Gilbert, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Howe, Kellogg,
Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman,
Spencer, and Stewart—35.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cole, Davis of Kentucky, Terry
of Connecticut, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Hill,
Morrill of Maine, Pool, Rice, Sprague, Wmdom,
and Wright—12.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theques
tion recurs on the original resolution offered
by the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Anthony.]
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move that the
committee be instructed to inquire, as was
proposed in my amendment to the resolution
just adopted. I now move that amendment
as an independent proposition; namely, that
the Committee on Retrenchment 
Mr. HAMLIN. It is not raised yet.
Mr, TRUMBULL. It is ordered to be
raised. I move that it be instructed to
inquire into certain things.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Wait until it
is raised.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is ordered to be
raised. The Senator from Rhode Island and
other Senators said that they were in favor of
making this a live committee. Now we have
voted to raise the committee, I want that it
should be vested with authority to do some-
thing when it is raised, and I offer this as a
distinct proposition.
Mr. POMEROY. Is it a resolution that is
offered by the Senator?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is offered as an
instruction to the committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be reduced to
writing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is on the table in
writing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear it.
i The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Rc*oh<id, That tho Coramittoo of Investigation
and -Retrenchment be instructed to inquire into the
expenditures m all branches of the service of tho
United states, and report whether any and what
othces ought to beabolidhed; whether any amiwhof
salaries or allowances ought to be reduced; what
are the methods of proouring accountability in pub-
