1924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
so solemnlythat no State could ever -withdraw.
These conventions were provided lor by laws
enacted here. The number and the quality of
l he delegates to tliern were here specified. Who
should be eligible and who ineligible was your
work, and not the work of the people who
were to be governed. You not only said who
should be elected, but you likewise determ-
ined who should elect them. You fixed the
qualifications and the color of the voters. You
purged the ballot-box of the intelligence and
the virtue on which alone popular liberty can
be safely founded, and you admitted in their
stead the suffrage of the most ignorant and
unqualified race now inhabiting the globe.
Mingled with this dark and turbid tide of
dense ignorance came all the vices of this
lower race, together with the crimes of a more
powerful and a more profligate class, with pale
faces, from the North, now and then receiving
their worst recruits from the apostates of the
same complexion in the South. You win-
nowed the threshing-floor, but you rejected
(he wheat. You accepted the tares, and
sowed them, and now you curse the soil be-
cause you have reaped nothing but tares for
your harvest. You built upon a foundation
of shifting sand, and now you rail at everybody
but yourselves because the house has not. re-
sisted the winds and the rains that have beat
upon it. When these conventions met they
represented the wretched constituency which
spoke them into existence, and they went to
their servile tasks with the bayonet of the
Federal Government at their throats. They
sat in every instance within point-blank range
of shotted cannon. The delegates crept about
and framed constitutions with the eyes of mil-
itary governor^; upon them. The sword
rested lightly in its scabbard, and was ready to
leap forth at any moment and upon the slight-
est pretext to assist in devising fundamental
laws for a people said to be free. The State
constitutions that were thus created and
thrust upon the country could not fail to
partake of the depraved nature of their ille-
gitimate origin. They sprang from the loath-
some union of ignorance, vice, and des-
potism; and they have inherited many of the
ugliest features of each one of their progen-
itors. The despotic principle is strongly
marked in them all. It is there in obedience
to the mandates of Federal power, as well as
in accordance with the character of the instru-
ments who were used to fasten it upon Amer-
ican citizens. Proscription and ostracism arc
i.he leading elements of every State govern-
ment in the South. Intellect and virtue, pub-
lic and private worth, spotless character, splen-
did attainments, graceful culture, and the ex-
perience and wisdom of age were all passed
by under the reconstruction of violence and
fraud. Those who were possessed of these
traits and acquirements were pushed aside,
and made to give place to the most degraded
classes of mankind. The people were not
allowed to select their official agents from
among those who were qualified for public
station, but were driven into the purlieus of
ignorance and vice to ehooje their rulers.
In the reorganization of all the States whose
present condition is matter of such sore com-
plaint and such bitter accusations, the domi-
nant party here and in those States excluded
from office and deprived the people of the
services of every man who by his talents, in-
dustry, and integrity had sufficiently acquired
the confidcnce of his fellow-citizens before
the war to be made Governor, secretary, aud-
itor, or treasurer of State; attorney general,
judge, clerk, or reporter of the supreme court;
.-uperintendenl of public instruction, member
of either branch of Congress, or of the Legis-
lature of his State: clerk, sheriff, treasurer,
auditor, or recorder of his county; judge of
a probate court, whose jurisdiction follows the
inevitable footsteps.of death, and whose func-
tions are those of benevolence toward the
orphans raid the widows of the human race:
justice of the peace, or constable of his town-
ship, or notary public. Every man who has
been called in former days to fill any one of
these stations, and many more that might be
enumerated, and, who during the conflict
between the sections was clothed with the
slightest responsibility or charged with the
smallest official duty by those with whom his
destiny and his home had fallen, was marked
by the blight of ineligibility, and like the leper
of old it was made a crime for the people to
again reach forth to him the hand of friend-
ship, confidence, and support. Eventhe sacred
instincts of human nature became disqualifi-
cations for office. The ties of kindred were
made criminal under this new and revolting
system. He who gave a cup of cold water and
a crust of bread to his thirsty and famished
son, under arms for a cause which he believed
to be right, and for which he was willing to
die, was branded with dishonor and driven out
from the councils of his countrymen. The
loving mother who sheltered her weary and
wounded boy, laid him in his own familiar
bed at home once more, kissed his feverish
lips, wiped away the gathering dews of death,
and with a broken heart closed his dear eyes
forever, was condemned for these acts of
angelic ministering, and incurred the penal-
ties of confiscation. He who dismounted and
gave his horse to a brother in the moment
of danger and close pursuit ; the sister who
wrought and sent clothing to him on the toil-
some march; the maiden who prayed for her
lover as he lay dying in the Wilderness or
at Stone river, all fell under a common curse.
Even the white-haired grandmother of four-
score years, who3e youthful husband perhaps
was at the Cowpens, Entaw Springs, and York-
town, or, may be, fought under Jackson at New
Orleaus in the war of 1812, was deprived of her
pension, that small morsel of bounty from an
ungenerous Government, if her heart yearned
or her aged hand was extended in sympathy to
her children and her children's children on the
plains of the South. A more sweeping and
universal exclusion from all the benefits, rights,
trusts, honors, enjoyments, liberties, and con-
trol of a Government was never enacted against
a whole people, without respect to age or sex,
in the annals of the human race. The dis-
graceful disabilities imposed upon the Jews for
nearly eighteen hundred years by the blind
and bigoted nations of the earth were never
more complete or appalling. Who denies a
single statement I make? I challenge and
defy contradiction. Every fact that I here
proclaim is contained in the laws and in the
recorded transactions of this Government, and
will constitute, " after some time be past" and
the passions of the present have subsided, the
most frightful and crushing arraignment which
history ever summed up against a ruling polit-
ical party.
Sir, shall a people thus bereft of every
attribute of self-government be held responsi-
ble at the bar of public opinion, or at the
judgment-seat of God, for the consequences
which have overtaken them? If so, then the
doctrine 01 free agency in measuring the ac-
countability of man ia a snare and a delusion.
As well might you go to the galley-slave and
accuse him of the misrule and the tyranny
which chained him to the oar. As well might
yo« denounce the banished exile in the snosvs
of Siberia for the despotism of the Russian
Czar. With the same propriety you may visit the
prisons of all lands and rail at their inmates
through their iron-grated windows on account
of the evil administration of the Governments
to which they belong. The fierce and maraud-
ing highwayman with the same justice can
accuse his victim, at whose head he presents
the loaded pistol, of obstructing the public
road. The story of the wolf with his false
accusation against the lamb, and of the prompt
manner in which he tore the helpless and
unoffending thing to pieces for muddying the
stream from which he drank, although it stood
by the brink of the water.-, far below him, is
familiar to us all, and is being reenacted at
this time on a vast scale in American history.
The stream has been defiled by the party now
in power, and it rends and tears the unresist-
ing people of the South for its own offense.
This shall no longer be done without exposure
and warning to the country. I call upon that
party to assnme its just responsibility and not
to shrink back now from the bad eminence .t
has attained in the conduct of southern affair?.
To it much has been given, and from it much
is demanded. More than the ten talents have
been intrusted to its care, and the present and
future generations will exact a rigid account
at its hands. But now, as the ghastly and
hideous -results of its control in the South
appear on every square mile of that oppressed
and plundered section, it starts back with hor-
ror and disclaims its own offspring, the fruits
of its own unholy rapine and lust. With pah-
lips and affrighted mien it ejaculates, '1 Thou
cans't not say I did it." But the deeds which
it. has committed are of imperishable iufamy,
and they will not down at its bidding, nor can
all the waters of the ocean wash away their
guilty stains.
Having, however, now shown where th<-
absolute, thorough, and minute management
of every interest, right, and privilege of the
southern States and their people has been
lodged during the whole process of pulling
down and rebuilding their local governments,
I shall proceed next to call upon the results
which have followed.
Let the great State of Georgia speak first.
The preparations which she underwent were
prolonged, elaborate, and complete. The work
of her purification was repeated at stated inter-
vals until she was radiant and spotless in yoni
eyes. One reconstruction did not suffice. Toa
permitted her to stand up and start in her
new career, but seeing some flaw in your own
handiwork, you again destroyed and again
reconstructed her State government. 1'ou
clung to her throat, you battered her feature-'
out of shape and recognition, determined that
your party should have undisputed possessio.i
and enjoyment of her offices, her honors, and
her substance. Your success was complete
When did the armed conqueror ever fail when
his foe was prostrate and unarmed ? The victim
in this instance was worthy of the contest b>
which she was handed over bound hand am!
foot to the rapacity of robbers. She was one
of the immortal thirteen. Her soil had been
made red and wet with the blood of the Rivolu -
tion. But she contained what was far dearer to
her despoilers than the relics of her fame. Her
prolific and unbounded resources inflamed the i:
desires. Nature designed Georgia for thr-
wealthiest State in this Union. She embrace-
four degrees of latitude abounding with even'
variety of production known to the earth". Her
borders contain fifty-eight thousand squar"
miles; eleven thousand more than the State
of New York, and twelve thousand more than
the State of Pennsylvania. She has one hun-
dred and thirty-seven counties. The ocean
washes a hundred miles of her coast provided
with harbors for the commerce of the world
Ri vers mark her surface, and irrigate her fruit-
ful valleys from the boundaries of Tennessee
and North Carolina to the borders of Florida
and the waves of the Atlantic. All this va=t
region is stored with the richest and choicest
gifts of physical creation. The corn and the
cotton reward the tiller of the soil, and coal
and iron, tin, copper, and lead, and even the
precious metals, gold and silver, in paying
quantities, await, the skill and the industry ot the
miner. I his is not a picture of fancy. Thesta-
tistics of her products even heighten the colors
i_n_ which I have drawn it. Georgia was the
fairest aud most fertile field that ever excited
the hungry cupidity of the political pirate and
the official plunderer. She was full of those
mighty substances out of which the taxes of a
laboring people are always wrung by the grasp
