3716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
ment of the Senator from Maryland will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert at the end of the bill the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That before the President shall suspend
the writ of habeas corpus in any State he shall be
satisfied by the affidavits of at least ten respectable
residents of the county or district where such unlaw-
ful combinations and disorders are alleged to exist,
that insurrection, domestic violence, unlawful com-
binations, or conspiracies to obstruct or hinder the
execution of the laws of such State or of the United
States exist to deprive a portion or classof the people
of such State of some of the rights, privileges, im-
munities, or protections named in the Constitution
and secured by law, and that such combinations are
so organized, armed, numerous, and powerful as to
be able by violence to overthrow or set at defiance
the constituted authorities of such State and of the
United States within such State, or that the consti-
tuted authorities aro in complioity with or connive
at the unlawful purposes of such armed and power-
ful combinations.
Mr. FLANAGAN". Mr. President, I de-
sired to submit some remarks on this bill.
Circumstances, however, all considered, sym-
pathizing with you, sir, having sat in the chair
for many hours, and sympathizing, further,
with my brother Senators, as it is now half
past one o'clock, if a vote can be had I will
forego my intention and waive my right to the
floor, and let us vote and go home.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator trom
Maryland.
Mr. SAULSBURY and Mr. VICKERS
called for the yeas and nays, and they were
ordered.
Mr. NORWOOD. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Morton.]
Mr. PRATT. The Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Schurz] desired me to announce that
he was paired with the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 2G ; as follows -.
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Cooper, Davis of
West Virginia, Hamilton of Maryland, Johnston,
Kelly, Ransom, Saulsbury, Sprague, Stevenson,
and Thuriiian—12.
NAY,?—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, I>oremau, Cald-
well, (Vu'onter. Chandler, Clayton, Colo, Conkling,
Cmbett, Edmunds, ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
KrcUnchuyseii, laiiran, Morrill ot Maine, Nye,
Osborn, I';* ; tor^'U, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Robertson,
Sawvor. ticott, anil fcponcor—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, llrou'nlow, Bucking-
1mm, Cameron, Ciisscrly, Cranio, Davis ot lien tucky,
l^eaUon, Ferry of Oomieetient, Gilbert, (inldthwaite,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Hitch-
cook, Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont,
Morion, Norwood, Itamsoy, Rico, Sohurz, Sherman,
Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull,
Vickers, West, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—36.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President-
Mr. ANTHONY. With the assent of the
Senator from Kentucky I beg leave to make
a motion. 1 think the last vote develops a bare
quorum here. It is probable that in a short
time we may be without a quorum. I there-
fore move that the Sergeant-at-Arms be direct-
ed to request the attendance of absent Sena-
tors, so that we may not be put to the delay
of waiting for them after the necessity is
apparent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island moves that the Ser-
geant-at-Artns be directed to request the at-
tendance of absent Senators.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON addressed the Senate
in remarks which will be published in the
Appendix.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, if I
were ambitious to make a speech on this ques-
tion, I should select some occasion other than
this. In these little hours of the gray morning,
when half the Senators are home and three
fourths of the other half are fast asleep, and the
galleries are empty and everybody weary, I
certainly shall not enter on any philippic
against Democracy, upon any discussion of
the general political questions of the day,
or, indeed, upon any pretense make a speech
on any subject whatever. Nevertheless, I
intend to vote for this bill, and it is a mere
matter of justice to myself and my constituents
that I should state and place upon the record
in language as dry as a stick the reasons which
induce me to cast that vote. The Constitution
provides that—
" The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion, and, on
application of the Legislature, or of the Executive,
(when the Legislature cannot be convened,) against
domestic violence."
Congress, in 1795, while Washington was
yet President, and he approved the act,
passed an act the first section of which is as
follows:
•"That whenever the United States shall be in-
vaded, or be in imminentdangerofinvasionfrom any
foreign nation or Indian tribe, it shall be lawful for
the President of the United States to call forth such
number of the militia of the State, or States, most
convenient to the place of danger, orscene of action,
as he may judge necessary to repel such invasion,
and to issue his orders for that purpose, to such
officer or officers of the militia, as he shall think
proper. And in case of an insurrection in any
State against the government thereof, it shall be
lawful for the President of the United States, on
application of the Legislature of such State, or of
the Executive, (when the Legislaturecannot be con-
vened.) to eali forth such number of the militia of
any other State or States as may be applied for, as
he may judge sufficient to suppress such insurrec-
tion."
That act is a construction placed by the very
framers of the Constitution upon the provision
of the Constitution which I have read. The
power given by the Constitution is not given
in terms to the legislative department nor the
executive department. It is conferred upon
the Government of the United States in gen-
eral, and the last clause in the section which
declares the power of Congress authorizes
Congress to pass all laws which shall be need-
ful and proper to carry into execution the
powers which this Constitution confers upon
this Government. In execution of this Con-
stitution, Congress passed that law vesting
this discretion in the President to call out
the militia for the purposes specified in this
act. That is the construction of the very
framers of the Constitution. Now, the other
section is:
"The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall
not bo suspended, unless when in cases of rebellion
or invasion the public safety may require it."
The writ of habeas corpus shall not be sus-
pended, <fcc., by whom ? Not by Congress, not
by the President, but by plain implication by
the Government of the United States. The
power is conferred in general upon the Gov-
ernment to suspend this writ in the cases men-
tioned in this section, flow is that power to
be executed? Certainly under and in pur-
suance of law. Congress may sit here the
year round and judge of all these emergen-
cies, and suspend the writ upon each day when
the emergency happens to be in full force ; or
it may, following the precedent of the act of
1795, confer this power upon the President to
suspend the writ when the contingency speci-
fied in this section shall happen. In one case
as in the other the power is delegated by Con-
gress, and it is clearly within that power which
is given to Congress to make a,il laws needful
and proper for the execution of every power
conferred upon the General Government.
Now, the act before us which we are con-
tinuing is this—I will ask the Secretary to
read the fourth section of the act of 1871.
It has been read several times, but I de-
sire to put it upon the record in this con-
nection.
The Chief Clerk read the fourth section of
the act of April 20, 1871, as follows :
"Sec. i. That whenever in any State or part of a
State the unlawful combinations named in the pre-
ceding section of this act shall be organized and
armed, and so numerous and powerful as to be able,
by violence, to either overthrow or set at defiance
the constituted authorities of such State, and of the
United States within sueh'State, orwhen the consti-
tuted authorities are in complicity with, or shall
connive at the unlawful purposes of such powerful
and armed combinations; and whenever, by reason
of either or all of the causes aforesaid, the convic-
tion of such offenders and the preservation of the
public safety shall become in suoh district impracti-
cable; in every such case such combinations shall be
deemed a rebellion against the Government of the
United States, and during the continuance of such
rebellion, and within the the limits of the district
which shall be so under the sway thereof, such limits
to be prescribed by proclamation, it shall be lawful
for the President of the United States, when in his
judgment the public safety shall require it, to sus-
pend the privileges of the writ of habeas corpus, to
the end that such rebellion may be overthrown:
Provided, That all the provisions of the second sec-
tion of an act entitled "An act relating to habeas
corpus, and regulating judicial proceedings in cer-
tain cases," approved March 3,1863, which relate to
the discharge of prisoners other than prisoners of
war, and to the penalty for refusing to obey the order
of the court, shall be in full force so far as the same
are applicable to the provisions of this section: Pro-
vided further, That the President shall first have
made proclamation, as now provided by law, com-
manding such insurfeentsto disperse: And provided
also, That the provisions of this section shall not be
in force after the end of the next regular session of
Congress."
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, the
question is whether this section is constitu-
tional. My friend from Ohio [Mr. Thurman]
suggests to me in an undertone that the act
which I have read of 1795 does not provide
for the suspension of the habeas corpus. This
is true. I did not cite it for that purpose. I
cited it simply for the purpose of showing that
a power which is by the Constitution delegated
to the Government in gross, so to speak, not
distributed among the departments, is to be
regulated by law under the last clause of the
legislative article conferring upon Congress its
specific powers, and whether that be to raise
an army, to suppress an insurrection, or to
suspend the writ of habeas corpus, both powers
being conferred upon the Government and not
upon any particular Department, the principle
of course is precisely the same.
The question now is whether this act be con-
stitutional. It will be conceded to be consti-
tutional if it specifies here a case within the
provisions of the Constitution, and if it be
competent for Congress to delegate the power
to the President to suspend the writ'when the
emergency does happen. Upon the last branch
of the subject I cited the act of 1795. Upon
the first branch, as to whether this makes a
case of insurrection, I refer my honorable
friends on the other side of the Chamber to
authorities which they cannot question, to the
decisions of all the Federal judges during the
fugitive slave law days, to the charge to a grand
jury by B. R. Curtis, published in the Law
Reporter, and the elaborate and perfectly
sound opinion of Justice Nelson to a grand jury
in New York, reported in Biatchford's Re-
ports, where both these eminent jurists charged
the grand jury that if a number of men com-
bined together to resist the execution of a gen-
eral law, and assembled in force, that is, in
numbers, by force to prevent its execution,
thatwas ievyingwar against the United States,
and was high treason.
Within those authorities the ease specified
in this section is clearly a case of insurrection,
and that insurrection occurring and becoming
patent to the Government, or to such officer
of the Government as Congress shall appoint
to execute this provision, it must be perfectly
competent and within the provisions of the
Constitution to enact that section.
I know that an ingenious and plausible
argument may be made against this power, as
there may be against any power and against
any act thatwas ever passed in the world; but
I believe that this act, although it may be
conceded that it goes very near the extreme
limit of our power, is still within those limits
and that we have the constitutional power
to pass it.
The only remaining question is, ought it to
be passed ? And this divides again into two
separate heads. Standing here merely aa
politicians, merely aa members of the Repub-
