1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
42d Gong....2d Sess.
Sales of Arms io French Agents—Mr. Morton.
Senate.
to postpone the sale, and he thought it was
postponed at his request.
Mr. MORTON. Then I understand the Sen-
ator to say now that the sale was postponed at
the request of the Prussian minister.
Mr. SCHURZ. No; I do not say that.
Mr. MORTON. Well, I say it. I say the
sale was postponed at the request of the Prus-
sian minister, and I furnish the official evi-
dence of that fact. On the 14th or the 15th
of October the Prussian minister called upon
the Secretary of War with a request that the
sale might be postponed. He was referred to
the chief of ordnance, and the chief of ord-
nance did postpone the sale at the request of
the German minister from the 15th to the
20th of October. I ask the Secretary to read
the official memorandum of the conversation
between the Prussian minister and the Secre-
tary of War.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Wak Department,
"Washington City, October 15,1870.
[Memorandum.!
On the evening of October 14, 1870, (Friday,)
Baron Gerolt called at my residence. I was absent
and did not see him. On the morning of October
15, (Saturday,) at about ten o'elook, he called at
iny office, stated to me that he understood tho Uni-
tod States Government were selling arms which
were being shipped to Franco; that ho understood
that bids for arms had been called for, which bids
woroto bo opened at twelve o'clock that day; that ho
had some frionds who desired to purchase who could
not present thoir bids within tho time allowod and
asked a postponement until next week, in order that
they might bid if they saw proper. I informed him
that this Government had made no sales of arms to
Franco or to French agents, andwouldnotwhile tho
war existed; that arms had been sold to different
parties in this country, that he was correct as to the
bids referred to, and suggested to him that if his
friends desired to purchase there was still time
enough for thom to file their bids before tho hour
designated. He replied that the parties desired
to communicato with tho Prussian (government to
ascertain whother that Government desired the pur-
chase of arms, and that there would not bo sufficient
time to obtain a roply. I answered that tho Depart-
ment would not sell arms to the Prussian Govern-
ment. He stated that those persons for whom ho
spoke were not agonts of his Government, but do-
sired to hoar from that Government before they
purchased. I then suggested to him that he should
see General Dyer, chief of ordnanoo, who Could give
him any information on the subject, and tho inter-
view terminated.
WM. W. belknap, Secretary of War.
Mr. MORTON. Then Baron Gerolt went
to the chief of ordnance, and the sale was post-
poned from the 15th to the 20th.
Now I desire to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to a statement made by the Prussian min-
ister showing; the view that he took in regard
to the law of nations and what our Govern-
ment had a right to do ; and I call attention
to this as a complete answer to all that was
said by the Senator from Missouri in regard to
the law of nations on this subject. What did
Baron Gerolt say? His friends wanted to
telegraph to the Prussian Government before
they bought. Our Secretary then said, "We
will not sell to the Prussian Government."
What was his answer 'I
, " He replied that tho pa.rtio3 desirod to commun-
icate with the Prussian Government to ascertain
whether that Government desired tho purchase of
arms, and that there would not be sufficient time to
obtain a reply. X answered that the Department
would not soil arms to the Prussian Government.
Ho stated that these persons for whom he spoke
wero not agents of his Government, but desired to
near from that Government before they purchased."
"They ware not the agents of his Govern-
ment, but desired to hear from that Govern-
ment before they purchased." Why? To
know whether the Government would take
them off their hands; and Baron Gerolt
thought that that was all right, and was not a
violation of the law of nations. That is quite
as liberal as I would ask him to be. He
thought he was acting within the law if those
friends of his had an opportunity of telegraph-
ing to the Prussian Government before they
bought, for the undoubted purpose of knowing
whether the Prussian Government would take
42t> Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 6.
those arms. That is an answer to all that the
Senator has said in regard to the law of nations.
I said on Friday that all our Government
was required to do was to use reasonable dili-
gence. They were not bound to take security
that the men they sold to would not sell to
France. Baron Gerolt took the same view of
it, and he thought it was entirely sufficient if
these friends of his were not at the time the
actual agents of Prussia, although they wanted
to telegraph to Prussia to know first if the Prus-
sian Government would take the arms if they
bought them. This is the interpretation of the
law of nations as given by the Prussian minis-
ter himself, and I ask nothing more.
I have done upon that subject. I can only
say again what I have said before, that the
Prussian Government knew all about this
transaction. They had an opportunity of buy-
ing these arms. The sale was put otf at the
request of their minister. They declined to
have anything to do with them. Count Bis-
marck said they could get them cheaper on the
banks of the Loire, and tho Prussian Govern-
ment has never complained to this hour. Those
who have complained for the Prussian Gov-
ernmenthave been superserviceable volunteers.
Their interference has not been requested, and
they are not thanked for it. The Prussian
Government gave a construction to the law of
nations in regard to tho sale of arms quite^ as
liberal as any that might be required to jus-
tify all that our Government has done upon
the subject. And now, after the war is over,
after all these things have been settled, the
attempt is made to make the world believe,
and the Prussian Government along with the
rest, that we violated the law of nations in the
sale of these arms. I say it is volunteer aid
that is not desired and for which no thanks
will be given.
Now, Mr. President, I come to the last
point made by the Senator. He said that we
bad violated the law of our own Government
in the sale of breech-loaders : that the statute
did not authorize the sale of breech-loading
arms; I suppose for the reason that breech-
loaders were not mentioned in the statute;
that the Government could not get authority
to sell a breech-loader unless it was specially
named in the statute, on the same principle
that the minister refused to pray for a man
who was dying with a rattlesnake bite because
there was no prayer in the book especially
adapted to a man who had been bitten by a
rattlesnake. [Laughter.] There could be no
authority to sell breech-loaders unless they
were specially mentioned in the statute; and
why? Because breech-loaders, he said, were
fit for service, and they were not damaged
arms. This is a specimen of technical spe-
cial pleading long drawn out, unsound, a mere
distinction between tweedle dum and tweedle
dee. Let me read the statute:
" That tho Secretary of War bo, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to cause to be sold, after
offer at public sale on thirty days' notice, in such
manner and at such times and places, at public or
private sale, as he may deem most advantageous to
the public interest, the old cannon, arms, and other
ordnancestoresnow in possession of the War Depart-
ment, which are damaged or otherwise unsuitable
for the United States military service, or for tho
militia of the United States."
"Which are damaged or otherwise unsuit-
able for the United States military service."
How could they be "otherwise unsuitable"
unless because they were a discarded arm?
If they are "damaged," or if they are " other-
wise unsuitable"—how "otherwise unsuita-
ble?" Because we have adopted a more
modern improvement, a later invention; we
have got an improved arm. Therefore the
old arms are "otherwise unsuitable," in the
language of the statute.
And now I come to that point. I have here
the report of the commission of the board of
ordnance from the ordnance department, and
I make this statement in the beginning: in
1806 a certain patent or pattern of breech-
loading arms was adopted by our Government.
They commenced the manufacture of them,
and some of those arms were placed in the
hands of troops as early as the spring of 1867.
Irom 1867 up to 1868 they supplied our troops
with those breech-loading arms. But it was
found that the arm was defective ; there were
certain faults in it; and a board of ordnance
officers was convened for the purpose of determ-
ining the question, and they required another
model to be made. Now I ask the Secretary
to read the report of the board appointed to
examine the arm of 1866.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" Snringjield Breech-Loading Muskets.—The board
finds'that the Springfield rifled musket, altered to a
breech-loader, on tho plan of 1866, has been in the
hands of the troops for the past eight months.
"A caretul examination of more than two hun-
dred monthly reports of company commanders show
that it is considered a very powerful, accurate, and
serviceable infantry arm.
"Tho only defects reported are of minor character,
and are as follows, namoly : an occasional loss of tho
hinge-screw nut and the thumb-piece screw from
working loose, tho breaking of the ejector, and the
bending and fouling of the cam-latch spring. While
thesedefscts are not such as to prevent the gun from
being used with good effect, and can easily bo reme-
died by using the spare parts issued with the guns,
tho board deem it advisable that they should be
removed. To this end, and to secure greater econ-
omy in construction, they recommend the following
changes:
" 1. A housing or receiver for the breech-block.
"2. A change in the position of the head of the
firing-pin, so as to save the alteration of the hammer.
"3. Strengthening the firing-pin noar the point,and
transferring the stop-shoulder from near its point to
near its head.
"4. Widening tho cam-latch so as to better secure
tho cam-latch in its place.
" 5. Riveting the thumb-pieco to the cam-latch
shaft, thus dispensing with the thumb-piece screw.
" 6. Serowing the hinge-pivot by a flat branch or
head, which shall project into tho head of the stock.
"7. To lighten asmuch as possible the breech-block,
after the manner shown in the cadet rifle musket.
" So far as the board can ascertain, none of tho
linings of the barrels have been started or been in
any way injured in service. In view of this fact, and
that fifteen altered guns have been fired at the
Springfield armory, and at Frankford Arsenal, from
two to more than eleven thousand times each, with-
out injury so far as the linings are concerned, the
board do notbesitate to recommend thatthe present
mode of reducing the caliber of the present bpring-
field rifle musket to iivo inch be continued on any
further alteration of these arms.
"The board recommend that the shell ejector
shown in the wooden model submitted to the board
be adopted as being simpler, cheaper, and stronger,
and better adapted for service than the one on
altered rifle musketof 1866 now in use, or any known
to the board.
"Tho board is of opinion that the weight of the
rifle musket to be altered hereafter may be made
nine and a quarter pounds by reducing the length
of the reenforced barrel from forty to thirty-six
inches. The latter is about tho length of the barrel
that is being adopted by other nations for breech-
loading arms of new model.
" Tho cost of this cutting off tho barrel and alter-
ing the stock to correspond is estimated to be about
thirty cents, and experiments show that the range
and accuracy of the arm are not impaired, and a
more convenient and handy weapon is obtained."
Mr. SCHURZ. May I ask the Senator
whether that is a report on the Springfield
breech-loaders sold to Mr. Richardson ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; it is the arm of
1866.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does that report indicate
that that arm would not be suitable for tho
service of the militia of the United States ?
Mr. MORTON. That is a very small point,
but I will come to it directly. Now, sir, the
board of ordnance in 1868 recommended a new
model with these changes, and I will now read
the acceptance of that report:
wah Department,
Washington Citt, tfuly 8,1868.
The recommendations of tho ordnanoo1 board, sub-
mitted January 4,1868, as modified and approved by
the chief of ordnance in his indorsement of March
13,1868, are approved, and will be carried into effect.
Such orders from the-War Department as may be
necessary for this purpose will be issued upon tho
application of the chief of ordnance.
J. M. SCHOFIELD.
Secretary of War,
