1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3717
lican party, merely anxious to relect Gen-
eral Grant and to seat our friends in this
Chamber and in the other Hall of Congress,
mere policy might dictate and in my opinion
does dictate that we should not renew this
act; and why? The evil which this act is in-
tended to remedy is confined to particular
localities, the clamor and uproar which will
be raised upon it will be confined to no locality
and to no State in the contest which is coming,
with General Grant for the candidate on the
one side and whoever may be nominated
against him on the other. The whole country
will b,e harrowed from Maine to California;
there will not be a State, there will not be a
county, there will not be a school district that
will not be informed that their liberties are ab-
solutely taken from them by this act of Con-
gress and that they are plunged into hopeless
slavery. While I have great confidence in the
intelligence of the people, while I stand by
that as the sheet-auchor of my faith and hope
in politics, yet I know very well haw such an
appeal to the prejudices and the passions of
the people may lead away many, and 1 know
how it may be used against us.
But, Mr. President, we are here, accident-
ally as politicians, officially as statesmen. We
are here as Senators. We are here charged
with a solemn duty of governmental adminis-
tration, and we have no right to imperil the
peace of a single county of this Union for the
purpose of carrying a presidential election.
The passage of this law last year beyond all
question suspended, suppressed the outrages
that were disgracing the South and disgracing
our land. The mere enunciation of the will
of Congress did it. It was not necessary to
employ force. In most cases the mere an-
nouncement of congressional purpose on this
subject, and the fact that General Grant knew
how to enforce the law by means of the Army
and Navy, produced peace throughout the land.
If this act is renewed, peace will continue.
There will be no occasion, I trust and believe,
for putting the act in operation anywhere.
Then no harm will come. But I do also be-
lieve—and I believe it not because I think it
is for the interests of the Republican party to
believe it, but even against my judgment of
political policy—if this act were to be with-
drawn these outrages in certain localities would
be repeated; I believe that helpless innocence,
the poor, the lowly, and the humble in certain
localities would be given over again to this
brute violence, this criminality, this midnight
riot of violence and wickedness, the details
of which sicken any man to consider. Sir, I
believe I understand myself when I say that
if I knew the passage of this act would save
the lives of innocent people in one county,
would preserve the peace m one State, and yet
result in the defeat of General Grant in this
campaign, it would be my duty as a Senator
to regard our constituents, to preserve that
public peace, to spread over our people so
long as we are in power the protection which
is embodied by the waving of our national
flag.
For these reasons, I shall vote for this bill.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr.^ President, we are
making to-night a precedent the influence of
which may not cease as long as this Govern-
ment shall last. It is to be a precedent on the
side of liberty or on the side of despotism;
and that consideration is a sufficient excuse
for .me for troubling the Senate with a few
words in reply to what has just been said.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpen-
ter] agrees with me that the power to suspend
the writ of habeas corpus is given to the Gov-
ernment and can only be exercised in pur-
suance of law. When he says that it is given
to the Government, I do not think he speaks
quite accurately, for the Government is com-
posed of three departments, legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial, and certainly it is in no
wise conferred upon the judicial department I
to determine whether the privilege of this writ
shall be snspended or not; nor in any proper
sense can it be said to be conferred upon the
executive department of the Government: for
what is the executive department of the
Government? It is that department which is
charged with the execution of the law. The
Constitution is the highest law, and the laws
enacted by the legislative department are the
remainder of the body of the law, and it is
simply to execute these laws that the execu-
tive department is ordained and instituted.
So that in the nature of things the power to
decide whether the privilege of the writ shall
be suspended—a power which requires the
exercise of judgment and of discretion, of
volition—must necessarily belong to the legis-
lative department of the Government. In its
nature it is not an executive power, for, as I
have said, the executive power is a power to
execute the law. In its nature it is not a
judicial power, for the judicial power never
comes into exercise, as has been repeatedly
decided by the Supreme Court of the United
States, until there is a case, which means a
plaintiff and a defendant in a court of justice.
So that it necessarily follows that the power
to suspend the privilege of the writ is a legis-
lative power.
We are agreed upon this; but the Senator
from Wisconsin thinks it is a sufficient com-
pliance with the Constitution for Congress to
enact a law which authorizes the President to
suspend the privilege on the happening of cer-
tain contingencies or of certain event, of
which, not Congress, but the President is to
be the judge. There is where our difference is.
And now he cites the act of 1795 as proof of
the fact that the President may be invested
with a power which primarily rests in the legis-
lative department of the Government. But
that is an entire mistake. The act of 1795 did
not provide for the suspension of the writ of
habeas corpus at all. What did it provide ?
Let me refer to the first and second sections
of that act:
" That whenever the United States shall bo in-
vaded, or bo in imminent danger of invasion from any
foreign nation or Indian tribe, it shall be lawful for
the President of the United States to call forth iuch
number of the militia of the State or States most
convenient to the place of danger or scene of action
as he may judge necessary to repel such invasion,
and to issue his orders for that purpose to such
officcr or officers of the militia as he shall think
proper."
That is not the exercise of the power under
the guarantee clause, but it is the exercise of
another power in the Constitution, the power
to call forth the militia:
" The Congress shall have power to* provide for
calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the
Union, suppress insurrections, and repel invasions."
That is one of the powers of Congress under
section eight of the first article.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator will
allow me, I beg to say that that means repel
invasion and suppress insurrection against the
United States. The other subject is regu-
lated distinctly from that, and is a power to
suppress insurrection within a State, and is
found in section four of article four.
Mr. THURMAN. I will cometo thatpres-
ently. I have only read the first clause of the
first section of the act of 1795. I say the first
clause of the first section is not under the
guarantee clause of the Constitution as to
a republican form of government, but is
under the power which is conferred upon Con-
gress to provide for calling forth the militia
to execute the laws of the Union, suppress
insurrections, and repel invasions.
Mr. CARPENTER. The act of 1795 was
not passed for that purpose, but passed to sup-
press insurrection in States.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator will listen
again, I will show him that he is wrong:
"That whenever the United States shall be in-
vaded " —
Mr. CARPENTER. That first partis within
the first clause of the Constitution, undoubt-
edly.
Mr. THURMAN. The clause I have just
read—
"or be in imminent danger of invasion from any
foreign nation or Indian tribe, it shall be lawful for
the President of the United States to call forth such
number of the militia of the State or States most
convenient to the place of danger or scene of action
as he may judge necessary to repel suoh invasion,
and to issue his orders for that purpose to such officer
or officers of militia as he shall think proper."
That is under that clause I have just read,
which confers upon Congress the power to
provide for calling forth the militia to execute
the laws of the Union, to suppress insurrec-
tion, and repel invasion. Now, what is that
power? It is not a power, as in the case of
the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, to
decide when the public safety requires the
suspension of the .writ. It is not expressed
in such words as require Congress to decide
whether the casus has arisen or not; but it is
a power to provide—to provide how?—to pro-
vide by law in anticipation of such a ease;
and therefore under that Congress might well
enough provide for a calling forth the militia.
It is a curious thing; so jealous were our
fathers of the rights of the States that the Con-
stitution did not give Congress the power to
call forth the militia as a matter of course, but
only the right to call them when it was neces-
sary, as this clause specifies, to execute the
laws of the Union, suppress insurrection, and
repel invasion. But there is the power to pro-
vide for calling them forth whenever it may be
necessary. It is necessary to execute the laws
of the Union all the time whether Congress is
in session or is not. It is necessary to provide
to suppress insurrection at all times whether
Congress is in session or not. It is necessary
to provide for repelling invasion at all times
whether Congress is in session or not. But it
is not necessary to provide for the suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus at all times
whether Congress is in session or not; and so
jealous were our forefathers of that that they
did not say that Congress should have power
to provide for the suspension of the writ of
habeas corpus in case of insurrection or in-
vasion. There is no such language as that,
thaPCongress shall have power to provide for
the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus:
but the words are mandatory and negative and
prohibitory that the privilege of the writ shall
not be suspended unless when in cases of
rebellion or invasion the public safety shall
require it. It is a very different thing from a
provision that Congress may provide for call-
ing forth the militia to execute the laws of the
Union which must be executed all the time,
or to suppress insurrections which must be
suppressed whenever they occur, or to repel
invasions which must be repelled whenever
they happen.
So much for that. Now we come to the
next clause:
" And in case of insurrection in any State against
the government thereof, it shall be lawful for the
President of the United States, on application of the
Legislature of such State, or of the Executive, (when
the Legislature cannot be convened,) to call forth
such number of the militia of any other State or
States, as may be applied for, as he may judge suffi-
cient to suppress such insurrection."
We have seen that that relates to insurrec-
tion, and comes under the same clause of the
Constitution, "to provide for calling forth
the militia to execute the laws of the Union,
suppress insurrections, and repel invasions j "
and that refers not only to insurrection taken
in connection with another clause of the Con-
stitution to suppress insurrections against the
General Government, but also insurrections
against a State, but with this difference: that
in regard to insurrection against a State there
is no power (and this very act is drawn upon
that theory) to call forth the militia where the
insurrection is simply against the authority of
a State and not against the Federal Govern-
ment, unless the State shall require it. Let
