1080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
now, that since 1865, when the war closed, and j
mainly during the administration of Mr. John- ;
son, many vessels were sold, and that I was !
not able to follow out the matter in its details. I
But on this point the gentleman falls again
this morning into what seems to be his beset-
ting sin—extravagance of statement. I did
not say, and do not believe, that hundreds of
millions of dollars remain unaccounted for.
These vessels, whose construction cost so
vastly, were necessarily sold for comparatively
small sums. If the clause which I propose to
add to this bill be adopted, as I believe it will
be, for the sale of the remainder of these old
vessels, I do not expect that anything like the
money which they cost will be returned to the
Treasury. I warn gentlemen that when the
exhibit of a fair sale appears the amount will
be meager compared with the amount expended
in building or purchasing the vessels. The old
materials will not make good more than a very
small fraction of the cost of the new materials.
As this matter has been urged upon us by the
Secretary of the Navy let me tell the gentle-
man from Kentucky that the measure which I
propose to offer by-and-by did not originate
■with, the Navy Department. That Department
has not asked that it be allowed to sell these
vessels and appropriate the funds wherever it
may please. More than that, I do not pro-
pose to frame the amendment so thatthemoney
shall be at the disposal of any bureau or Depart-
ment, or any other power than Congress. When
these old materials and vessels are sold the
money should be held in the Treasury subject
to the order of Congress. I do not propose
that the money shall be placed at the disposal
of any Department; and I will say, in justice
to the Navy Department, that it has never
asked that.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
upon the pending amendment.
Mr. BECK. I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
Bureau of Ordnance:
For one thousand two hundred and fifty barrels
of gunpowder, $25,000.
For fuel and materials necessary in carrying on
the mechanical branches of the ordnance depart-
ment at the navy-yards and stations, $100,000.
For labor at all the navy-yards, $300,000.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move, after the word
"dollars," in line one hundred and eleven,to
insert the following proviso:
Provided, That laborers shall be employed in the
several navy-yards by the proper officers in charge
without dictation from political committees and
without regard to the political sentiments of the
laborers employed.
Mr. Chairman, allusion has been made by
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
to a recent order of the Secretary of the Navy
which prohibits interference with the political
sentiments of laborers employed in the navy-
yards. This order, if it shall be carried out in
good faith, is certainly very creditable to the
chief of the Department that issued it. How
the fact may be with regard to the execution
of this order I am not definitely informed; but
1 take occasion to say that during the last
season it certainly is the fact that no laborer
was employed at the Kittery navy-yard, which
is partly in my own congressional district prac-
tically and partly in the district represented by
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Lysch,]
unless he had the recommendation of a polit-
ical committee, a committee of citizens who
held no offices in the navy-yard, or in any
Department of the Government. And I take
the responsibility to say further that previous
to that time, pending the election in Maine, a
committee of citizens residing in the first con-
gressional district of Maine held the same con-
trol over the designation of laborers in the
navy-yard at Kittery.
I say, Mr. Chairman, the officers in charge
of that navy-yard exercise no control whatever
over the employment of laborers in designating
who shall be placed in the yard. Now, whether
this order goes far enough, not only to provide
there shall be no dictation after th'jse men are
employed, and employed too, perhaps, on
account of no political sentiment or other, but
also to provide there shall be no dictation in
selecting them, I am not informed; but I trust
it may cover the whole ground.
Mr. Chairman, a committee of citizens who
have been living in Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire, have been dictating the appointment of
men in the navy-yard at Kittery, and they to-
day dictate the selection of men in that navy-
yard. Now, whatever we may think, any of
us, of applying the principle of making polit-
ical tests in designating men to fill the offices
in the country, I hardly think the country
has come to the conclusion to have a polit-
ical test applied to the selection of laborers in
any department of the Government.
I move this amendment, Mr. Chairman, for
the purpose of testing the sense of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on this question.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. I rise, Mr. Chairman, to
oppose the amendment, and I desire to say
that which is charged by the honorable gen-
tlemen from New Hampshire [Mr. Hibbard]
is not true, so far as it regards the navy-yards
at Boston or Charlestown. I hold some polit-
ical standing in the neighborhood, and leading
Democrats of the country have offered to aid
me in getting my friends in the navy-yard if I
desired it. [Laughter.] A few years ago it
was charged by some prominent citizens in
that part of the State in regard to the men
employed at the navy-yard there, that the
State Republican committee had no influence.
That was the charge against the Administra-
tion, that they were never permitted to have
any influence m the appointment of men there.
Five or six of the gentlemen were compelled
to come out and state that they had no reason
to complain they had not proper influence; but
no one alleged against them that they had the
entire control of the employment in the navy-
yards there.
So far as the amendment is concerned, it is
not true, therefore, in regard to that navy-
yard, whatever the fact may be in the gentle-
man's own neighborhood. But I wish to say
this, that the mode of appointment of persons
employed ia the navy-yards in the country is
now like the mode which was adopted fifteen
or twenty years ago when tbe Democratic
party was in power. I have not the slightest
idea, if that party should come again into
power, it would undertake to carry this amend-
ment into effect.
Mr. SLOCUM. I wish to say one word in
that connection, and I therefore move, pro
forma, to amend the amendment, simply for
the purpose of pointing out the vast difference
in the different navy-yard3 in the different
States. I say in reference to the navy-yard in
Brooklyn it is controlled by political influence
to-day, and has been ever since this Adminis-
tration has been in power. I say they have
employed gangs of laborers the day before an
election and discharged them the day after an
election.
And if this House will give me a committee
of investigation I will undertake to prove that
it has been done by the aid of the Secretary
of the Navy himself, who came there in per-
son and walked through the yard at the time
I ran as a candidate at the last election. I
will prove, furthermore, that copper nails,
costing the Government a vast sum of money,
were used to stick up your political posters all
over the city. [Laughter.] I will prove that
you have taken gangs of laborers who never
did one day's labor in the navy-yard, and put
them on your pay-roll simply for political
purposes. I will prove that not only did you
change your men there and turn out experi-
enced, capable men for political purposes, but
that you went beyond that, and did so in the
interest of factions of your own party. When
Mr. Conklixg rose into power Feuton men
were turned out. A ship-carpenter having
years of experience; if he happens to be a
Fenton man is turned out, and a Conkling
man put in. You go beyond politics in exert-
ing influence over these men ; you go into fac-
tions of your own party. The thing is quite
notorious in Brooklyn. The best men you
have in your party there are ashamed of it,
and yet I am prepared to prove that that
is the way iu which things ace managed in
Brooklyn.
Mr. BANKS. I donotknow that it is neces-
sary to approve of every thing that takes place
in tbe State of New York. But I say that no
such thing occurs in Massachusetts,
Mr. SLOCUM. I am glad to hear it. It
may not be so in Massachusetts, but it is so in
our State.
Mr. HALE. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I hope it will not be adopted. I do
not understand that any serious complaint is
made in any quarter that a fair amount of
work is not got from the laborers in the differ-
ent navy-yards. I do not suppose that that
labor amounts now to so much as it did some
years ago, because the eight-hour rule, passed
as was supposed in the interest of the labor-
ers, now obtains. I do not understand that
any real objection exists to the manner in
which men are now employed, or to the kind
of men who are now employed. Undoubt-
edly gentlemen on the other side can see with
a very clear eye that if they had possession
of tbe navy-yards of the country, and of the
custom-houses and other offices of the coun-
try, a different set of men would be put in from
those that are there now. And I have no
doubt, indoctrinated as they have been so thor-
oughly in the doctrine that "to the victors
belong the spoils," whenever theydo come into
possession, if that time is ever to arrive, the
laborers in the employment of the Govern-
ment will be wheeled out and another set of
men put in. But that any gain will be made
to the Government, that more will be gained
from the labor, I do not believe. I believe it
is now conducted, as has been stated by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Baxks]
in regard to the Charlestown yard, and in tho
other yards also, fairly and for the best inter-
ests of the Government.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Slo-
cum] has a cause of complaint, because, I
presume, most of the laborers, perhaps a
majority of them in the Brooklyn navy-yard,
voted against him. The sum and substance
of the gentleman's charge was that his party
could not have the management of them.
What he says is that we took gangs of laborers
up to vote. But I do not understand that any
of them ever voted more than once. But the
gentleman and his friends on the other side
took up gangs of laborers who voted over and
over again, and the result is that our navy-
yard men in Brooklyn could not compete with
them, and that the gentleman is back here, and
will be back here as long as he is nominated
by his party. I acknowledge that we cannot
compete with them in that respect, and I think
we are entitled under those circumstances to
one vote ahead out of the navy-yards.
Mr. SLOCUM. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. COX. I renew it. I am very glad that
this matter has been brought up in regard
both to our civil service and our naval service,
and I propose to give my little experience
and observation on the subject. While I was
at Mare Island, California, I happened to be
on a little expedition in the town of Vallejo,
and there I heard all sorts of rumors about
the number of employes that were being
rushed into the navy-yard just before the elec-
tion. Iiumor said—I do not know whether
i truly or not—that the gentleman from Califor-
| nia, [Mr. Sargent,] who has been so dis-
1 tinguished by his State by being chosen as its
future Senator, was in some way engaged in
forwarding that business of adding to t he num-
ber of employes for the benefit of his party.
And for all that I know the gentlcmau who
