2822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
If this policy is to be adopted, I would be
in favor of biennial sessions, or of at least
allowing a committee of four or five men to
select and arrange for us the measures that we
are to attend to, and to dictate to us the time
when we shall quit our work and go home.
The public demands of us something more
than appropriations of public money, some-
thing more than a mere consideration of the
taxes and tariff of the country. Let me sug-
gest to gentlemen that while they seem to think
the tariff the only matter to keep us here, there
are many other subjects to which, if we obey
the public demand, we must give attention;
and yet I think I appreciate as much as any
gentleman the importance of matters con-
nected with tariff and taxation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS of New York. I now yield
five minutes to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Campbell,]
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, the prac-
tical bearings of the proposition now before
the House are certainly more important than
those of any other that we have recently con-
sidered. I do not desire to prolong the dis-
cussion. I shall not undertake to debate
directly or indirectly the merits of the tariff
bills which have been submitted, for I appre-
ciate fully the correctness and propriety of the
decision of the Chair upon that subject. But
it must be apparent to every member who has
had any experience in legislation that it will
be utterly impossible within the time prescribed
by this resolution to carry through the busi-
ness of the Committee on Appropriations and
the Committee of Ways and Means, to say
nothing of the important business of other
committees. The statement of the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations [Mr.
Gaiifield, of Ohio] satisfies me that if the
entire time from now until the 29th of May
were given up to the business of that com-
mittee it would be almost impossible for the
House to act fully and understanding^ upon
the various propositions presented from that
committee ; and the probabilities are if we press
this motion to adjurn we will have the condition
of things suggested by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Faunsworth,] that all business
will be crowded into the last nights of the ses-
sion, and pressed through the House when
peihapa not one in ten will understand what
business is being transacted.
Mr. Speaker, there are two great questions,
one of appropriating money, and the other of
raising the means by which the appropria-
tions are to be paid, yet to be considered,
the Ways and Means having taken five months
in preparing its bills. If it took that com-
mittee, with its vast amount of labor, three
months, perhaps three or four hours a day, to
come to its conclusions, it is not unreason-
able to say the House cannot properly dis-
cuss and consider the tariff in a month. In
the present condition of business, looking at
the condition of business before the House
as suggested by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, [Mr. Coburn,]
it seem tome, Mr. Speaker, it would be absurd
in the House to attempt to fix at this time
any day for the adjournment. We should
consider ourselves fortunate if, with the vast
amount of the public business of the country
yet to be acted upon, we should be able to
adjourn here as early as next August. I have
no idea that the public business can be prop-
erly transacted and the adjournment of the
two Houses reached before that time. It seems
to me, therefore, to be unwise to press the res-
olution at this time.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
I now yield to my honorable friend from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Kelley, ] who represents one
of the Philadelphia districts, and who is always
willing to reduce taxation on everything but
what he himself represents. [Laughter.]
Mr. KBLLEY. I do not agree when the
gentleman yields to me that he shall make my
speech. [Laughter.]
I dissent, Mr. Speaker, with my distinguished
colleague with great diffidence. I am con-
strained to say I would regard the adoption
of a concurrent resolution of the two Houses
for the final adjournment on the 29th of May
as the death-knell of the Republican party,
proclaiming it utterly incompetent for the gov-
ernment of this country.
We are collecting to-day at the rate of
$135,000,000 per annum from internal taxa-
tion. We are collecting to-day at the rate of
$•255,000,000 on customs duties ^er annum.
Wo will have a surplus in the Treasury of
$155,000,000, while our industry is hampered
at every point by a system of internal taxation,
which keeps every large business establishment
and a large part of the retail establishments
of the country under the surveillance of the
assessors and collectors of internal revenue.
Here is a bill for the reduction of taxes and
duties covering sixty-three pages, in which
there are items sometimes of only a line on
which a whole day" of debate will be spent
under the five-minute rule. If we adjourn
on the 29th of May we shall have repealed no
tax or duty, and the people will ask us in
every paper and at every comer why we have
continued a system of taxatiou on their means
so largely in excess of the legitimate demands
of the Government and the reduction of the
public debt at the rate of $50,000,000 per
annum outside of what is already provided for
by law. On neither side of the House can jus-
tification be found, nor do I believe apologies
for having hastily adopted a resolution of
adjournment will fuove entirely satisfactory to
the tax-payers, who are loaded at every point,
and whose profits are absorbed in the excessive
Treasury of the Government.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I now yield
forfive minutes to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. KERB. I am more than glad to find
that my distinguished friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Kelley] is opposed to this pre-
mature adjournment. I thought it would be
a most unwise and unpatriotic thing for this
House at this time to pass this resolution.
After seven years' experience in this House,
I believe it is but just to say that I have never
known it to work more faithfully or more con-
stantly up to this period of the session than
it has during this session. I believe it is due
to this House to say that up to this time,
without any reference to results, it has worked
faithfully and hard. I think, therefore, it is
due to us, to ourselves as well as to the coun-
try, that for the discharge of those duties
which yet rest upon us we should reserve to
ourselves reasonable time within which to con-
sider and discharge those duties.
_ It is impossible for us ; in my judgment it is
simply a physical impossibility for the mem-
bers of this House, within the next thirty days,
properly to consider and pass upon even the
lead mg measures that yet remain unconsidered.
I do not refer alone to the tariff, which in my
judgment is a matter of supreme importance
to the country ; but I want to be understood as
referring alike to all the important business of
the House. And I may as well say here what
the chairman of the committee has not yet
said, that this bill is not the only business
which remains unperformed by the Committee
of Ways and Means. Numerous other bills,
each extremely important in itself, and which
ought to bo considered fully, carefully, and
deliberately by the House, are yet to "be re-
ported.
I hope, therefore, that this attempt to fix a
day now will be abandoned by the gentleman
who moves the resolution. I hope that every
gentleman of this House, whatever may be his
particular or local notions on the subject of
the tariff, will come to the consideration of
all the proper business of the House in the
spirit of a national sense of duty, which will
forbid him to desire to adjourn this House in
order to prevent the consideration of some-
thing that he does not want to consider, for
political effect or anything else.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I yield one
minute to the gentleman representing the Ter-
ritory of Washington, [Mr. Garfielde.]
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. I have
asked one minute on behalf of a million and
a half square miles in this country, and of
five hundred thousand of its inhabitants, to
say that during a five months' session we
have not had one day upon this floor. While
I stand squarely by the Republican party, I
at the same time desire to stand squarely by
my constituents, and I desire to protest that
no action shall be taken looking to an early
adjournment until that vast country, with
resources which have saved this nation from
bankruptcy in the time of its greatest peril,
shall have at least, one day upon this floor.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I yield to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. I cannot believe that the
House is disposed for a moment to consider
this resolution and adopt it. And, therefore,
to test the sense of the House, I move to lay
the resolution on the table.
Mr. BANKS. I wish to say a word or two.
Mr. DICKEY. I hope gentlemen will not
have the debate all confined to one aide.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to be heard on
this question.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Brooks,] from whom I had the
floor, understood that I rose for the purposo
of debate. Therefore I withdraw the motion,
and yield the floor back to the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I yield three
minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Randall.]
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to have a
little longer time than that.
Mr. BANKS. I desire only two minutes.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I yield two
minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks.]
Mr. BANKS. The Committee on Foreign
Affairs, which had three fifths of the President's
annual message referred to it, has not had a
single day to make reports, except once at the
beginning of the session, when it bad no busi-
ness ready. I hope, for the sake of the busi-
ness of that committee, that no day will be
fixed for a final adjournment.
There is another reason why we should not
fix it now. If we do it will put the power in
the hands of a small number of men to con-
trol or defeat business. My opinion is that a
bill reducing the tariff ought to be passed, and
that, if the Senate will pass the tea and coffee
bill, which they ought to do, we can agree upon a
tariff bill covering the rest, of the duties which
will satisfy the country.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I yield now
for a few moments to my colleague from New
York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. COX. I heg to say only one word
against this resolution for adjournment. There
are a good many other matters beside the tariff
to be attended to. There ha? been nothing
done in this House about the revival of our
shipping, nothing in reference to our com-
merce. These matters are already before us
ia the shape of bills. There has been no
report made yet from the Committee on Naval
Affairs; and when that report is made, I prom-
ise this House that there will be a state of
facts disclosed to the country which will show
that we cannot protect Dr. Houard. We have
delicate relations with Great Britain and very
delicate relations with Spain, and this House
ought not to adjourn without some considera-
tion of thes3 various matters. We have not
also taken up matters in relation to the Terri-
