1926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
succession as the easiest method of plunder.
The Macon and Brunswick raihoad, the South
Georgia and Florida railroad, the Cartersville
and Van Wert railroad, the Georgia air-line
railroad, the Cherokee railroad, the Alabama
and Chattanooga railroad, and many others,
were all made the recipients of subsidies from
the State, by which uncounted millions were
stolen from the tax-pavers. The traces of vast
suras of squandered money can be found on
every hand, except 'upon the railroad lines
themselves, in whose names the work of fraud
and plunder was conducted.
But while the Legislature of Georgia was
thus engaged in its unparalleled career of
crime, the Governor in his sphere was also
busy, and by his individual deeds proclaimed
to the_world that a perfect harmony, not only
of political faith but of official practices, pre-
vailed between the executive and legislative
branches of the State government, lie ranged
in his peculations from the smallest to the
greatest objects and amounts ; from the petit
to the grand larcenies of his new era of felonies.
From a bill of $70,432 95 paid for extra print-
ing to partisan newspapers without warrant of
law and without consideration in work actually
performed, up to the fraudulent issue of State
bonds by the million, nothing seems to have
been too small or too great to escape his eager j
eye or his rapacious hand. He has left the
impress of his grasp everywhere. But ins
exploits in connection with the State rail-
road will more especially be remembered by
the people of Georgia. This road, as I have
heretofore stated, was built by the State of
Georgia nearly twenty years ago. from the
city of Atlanta to Chattanooga. It connects
the regions of the Tennessee river and the lines
of travel descending through them from the
North with the cotton belt of the South, and
with five railroad routes which corns up through
it and concentrate at Atlanta. It i= one hun-
dred and thirty-seven miles long, and there is
hot a road of equal length on thu; continent
which is more important in its trade and con-
nections, or which is more valuable to its own-
ers under an honest and competent manage-
ment. We have seen that before the war its
proceeds paid into the treasury almost de-
frayed the entire expenses of the State gov-
ernment, and in an official report made July
1, 1867, Colonel Jones, the treasurer of the
State, and who had for eight years received
the earnings of this noble public work, esti-
mated its net products for the following year
at 3600.090.
In February, 1870, Governor Buiiock ap-
pointed one Fos-ter Blodgett, recently a claim-
ant for a peat in the United States Senate,
superintendent, of this road. He held that
position eleven months. During the entire
term ol his euperintendency he paid into the
Suite treasury only the sum of S45.000; less
than the net proceeds ot one mouth before
he took the place. The repairs which the rav-
ages of war had made necessary had been com-
plied at a heavy expense under the admin-
istration ot Governor Jenkins. The road was
in good eoncition, and but few expenditures
outside of the regular course of business were
needed when Blodgett assumed his ruinous
control. Its fieight and travel were greater
than ever before, and 3ret its earnings, as ac-
counted for, were comparatively nothing. In
1867 we find it paying all expenses and yield-
ing DPsides $50,000 per month. At the same
rate there are §500,000 now retained in the
hands of Blodgett and hi? accomplices. What
answer can be made to this? Will any one pre-
tend that, such a vast sum was properly ex-
pended in equipping a road already equipped,
in repairing a road already repaired, m stock-
ing a road already stocked? i find one item
of expense which may, however, indicate
lh ; character of them all. Twenty-one thou-
sand dollars were paid as lawyers' fees to
partisan favorites for alleged legal services in
behalf of tun pen'-eaMe corporation during
these disastrous eleven months of its existence.
It might perhaps more properly be said that
there was a division of a general plunder
under the head of expenses incurred. But
the work of spoliation did not stop with the
close of Blodgett's management. A law was
obtained from the Legislature of which I have
spoken, authorizing the road to be leased in
the interest of Bullock and his friends. Un-
der that law it has been leased for $25,000
per month, about one half of its real value.
One of the lessees under this most valuable
contract is a member of the present Cabinet,
and was so when the lease was made; and
another is a distinguished Republican mem-
ber of the other branch of Congress.
Sir, there was but one thing more to be done
by this shameless adventurer whom your policy
had made Governorof Georgia against the con-
sent of her people. He completed his record
and finished his work by corrupting the chan-
nels of justice. He rendered the courts pow-
erless to enforce tho laws and punish crim-
inals. The emissaries of convicted felons
crowded his ante-chambers and trafficked with
him for his pardoning power. The record
shows that the verdicts of juries were thus
wiped out. she doors of the prisons opened,
and the guilty turned loose to prey again
upon the peace of society to an extent never
before known in American history. He par-
doned three hundred and forty-six offend-
ers against the law, ot* of four hundred
and twenty-six who made application to him!
His amnesty for crime way, almost universal.
Indeed, his zeal iu behalf of those under in-
dictment was so great that his grace and clem-
ency was often interposed before the trial of
the culprit. He granted seven pardons in
advance of trial to one mars in the county of
Warren who pleaded them to seven separate
indictments when he was arrested and brought
into court. This special object of favor is one
J. C. Norris, who haunts committee-rooms
and swears on all occasions to fabulous out-
rages and the imperfect administration of
the law in the South. As a spared monument
of Bullock's mercy, with manifold villainies
unatoned for, he js always to be seen lurking
around investigating committees, and pouring
into their ears the black and concentrated malice
of an apostate against a people whom he hates
because he has betrayed.
Other instances like this might be cited,
but enough is here shown to account for even
greater disturbances than any that have taken
place iu Georgia. The confidence of all classes
iu the supremacy of the law was destroyed.
They saw the will of one unscrupulous man
supplant all its authority. It afforded them
no security for life or property when its most
solemn decisions were set aside every day in
the year. Its uplifted hand was arrested in
the court-rootp before their indignant gaze,
and the judicial blow was averted from the
guilty head of the law-breaker at the bar. if
the violence of the mob thereupon ensued,
the curse came from those who were charged
with the execution of the laws, and who, in-
stead ot doing their duty, interposed to shield
villains both before and after their conviction.
If this is not the true philosophy of mankind,
1 have studied its motives and its conduct all
in vain.
And now, Mr. Speaker, at this point I must
take leave of the State of Georgia, her plun-
dered treasury, her oppressed tax-payers, her
railroad schemes of robbery, her squandered
school funds, and her mocked, insulted, and
bamed courts of justice. Other impoverished I
fields cry to us in piteous tones for redress, I
and have long cried in vain. Let us at least !
for a few moments hearken to the story of i
each oue's_ woes, whether we are willing to i
enter into righteous judgment with them or not. |
1 turn to bouih Caroling onco the proud I
land of Marion and Sumter, now the most !
wretched State that the sun shines on in its '
course through the heavens. There is no !
form of ruin to which she has not fallen  •
prey ; no curse with which she has not been
baptized ; no cup of humiliation and suffering
her people have not drained to tho dregs. I
am told that disorder has reigned in some
counties within her borders, and we behold
martial law, worse than the lawless tyranny
of the Dark Ages, ravaging her liresides and
scattering her households. Bad governments
are fruitful of such calamitous results. His-
tory has taught this lesson in every age. The
wi-ckedness of corrupt rulers breeds outbreaks
among citizens. How has South Carolina
been governed ? The Republican party has
held undisputed sway there every hour since
the overthrow of the rebellion. Her entire
delegation in both branches of Congress belong
to the party now in power. Her State officers
and Legislatures, of all colors, have been of
the same political faith. What are their works?
What trophies of progress and civilization do
they bring to propitiate the judgment of thy
world? ' Not one good deed adorns the pol-
luted pages of their record. At the close of
the war the valid debt of the State amounted
to $5,000,000. A committee of investigation,
iu an official report made December 26, 1871.
but a few weeks ago, say:
"In regard to the State debt the commit! ep ae<.br :
they cannot believe other than toe fearful irutli
which stares us in the face that the bond? and
stocks printed by the American Bunk Note Com-
pany, $22,540,000, represent the liabilities of thi
State, fur -which the faith and credit of the State,
however unlawfully procured, has been pledged tor
payment. The contingent liability incurred by
railroad indorsements swells tho total up to neany
twenty-nine million dollars."
Add to this $10,000,000 more that is dis-
puted as fraudulent and we have au increase
of $34,000,000 in the debt of the State since
it fell into the hands of its present destroyers.
All the lands in South Carolina are not worth
over $55,000,000: showing that ^nore than
every alternate acre is now absorbed bv her
crushing- and frightful indebtedness. If she
was sold at public auction for two thirds her
appraised value she would scarcely more than
meet the demands that have been created
against her within less than seven years. The
New York Tribune of December 19, 1871. an-
nounces that over six million dollars of her
bonds have been fraudulently issued by her lie-
publican Governor; but no mode by which :h-j
toiling tax-payer can escape their payment is
pointed out to him. Taxation for the support
of a good government often becomes a gvuv-
ous burden, but when it springs directly and
avowedly from fraud and forgery, it is a cur - *
intolerable and not to be borne.
The New York Tribune also states that on-,-
ignorant and mongrel General Assembly ... '
South Carolina drew from the treasarv tV
enormous amount of $583,651 41 t0 def.:,y
it3 own expenses for one session, and incurred
a debt of $91,500 besides for furniture for the
State-House which it so foully disgraced. A
session of the Legislature of the great Stat.-
of Ohio at the same time cost the poopl-
that prosperous Commonwealth but §90,000.
This General Assembly of abject ignorance
and irresponsibility in South Carolina lcutd
over four million dollars of taxes on the prop-
erty of the State. It was in view ot' these
and kindred facts that the Cincinnati Gazette,
with all its party fealty, was forced to exclaim:
''Thecommon fame of the South Carolina Legis-
lature is that it is a body in which no mensuro can
be earned without bribery, and m which brib<'rvoac
^WAfll?J-1?e.ai'urei«Ln whieh bribery is as much a
part ot legislation as the payment of wages to a field-
Band is of raising cotton, and is almost as open, and
• a which the Greater part of the members regard it
2™. T?£V-1nSeof 0 offieo t0 Plunder tho State ir.
every possible way.
f '\Go'e,r£or. Suo^ ?ives somo items so;.- to eoun-
a,£*nipre*sion. l[e pays that the ajtpropri-
wi ^Ma-wan ^ea'.ls.lat,lV0 expenses of the ia&t :*«ssiou
u^c™V>nXhl!? tll;lt0* the Ohio Legislature
c.e hut $9>,00U; that every senator has Ui? clerk.
Page, and nie^sen^er, all at heavy pny, and
laut'o is a iiorcio of hangers-on, all on pay under
'drums pretexts, and that there are irmuuiomblo,
ieanrf iorthe public money. In this we behold tho
gorsoousnesK ot the African nature when it can h«
