3872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2823
tories. There are a dozen matters of para-
mount importance,, including tlie overriding
matter of the tariff, yet to be attended to, and
yet the Senate undertook to send us a resolu-
tion to adjourn on the 29th day of May. Why
do not the Senate do something? We have
passed some ten appropriation bills.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Eleven.
Mr. COX. Eleven appropriation bills, and
the Senate has only passed one bill m five
months.
[Here the Speaker rapped with his gavel.]
Mr. SHANKS. I call attention to the fact
that the Indian Committee has not been able
to report, and that there is a large amount of
important business before that committee.
Mr. DICKEY. 1 would ask the gentleman
if that committee has not twice had an oppor-
tunity to report?
Mr. SHANKS. They have not.
Mr. COX. This measure for an early ad-
journment is in the interest in the first place
of the protectionists of Pennsylvania, and in
the next place in the interest of somebody
who favors this Administration. There is
more meant here than meets the ear, the
longest ear in the House. The House must
understand what it means, and it simply means
this, that we shall not have an opportunity in
this Congress to discuss the Cincinnati nom-
inees nor the Philadelphia nominees.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
that is not pertinent to this debate.
Mr. COX. I meant no impertinence to the
Chair, for he might be the nominee of one of
these conventions. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will now
yield a few minutes to the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Shanks.]
Mr. SHANKS. I want to answer the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey,]
who asked me if the Committee on Indian
Affairs has not had an opportunity to report.
I answer him in this way, that on the first call
of committees, no committee of this House
was prepared to report, except the Committee
on Education and Labor, and they reported the
education bill and the bill in the labor interest,
and got William and Mary before the House.
[Laughter.] But aside from that, the commit-
tees were not prepared to report. The Indian
question is one ot the most vexed questions to
be considered by the House, and I can assure
the House that the committee has been laboring
very industriously upon it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I now yield
five minutes to the gentleman from Iowa.
[Mr. McCrary.]
Mr. McCRARY. I do not want five min-
utes. I only desire to say to the House that
there is business in the hands of the Commit-
tee of Elections which ought by all means to
be disposed of during the present session.
There are yet some six or seven seats in the
House contested, and the contests have not
yet been disposed of. The committee have
worked faithfully, but they have had a number
of complicated and difficult cases to dispose
of. It is impossible, of course, to say how
much time those cases will take in the way of
discussion in the House. The Committee of
Elections may dispose of them very promptly,
but in case there should be a difference of
opinion among the members of that commit-
tee of course there must be discussion in the
House. It is exceedingly important that these
questions touching the right of members to
their seats should be disposed of in the pres-
ent session. I very much fear that if the 29th
of May is fixed for the day of final adjourn-
ment we may not get through them at all.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I now yield
to the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Blair]
for five minutes.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I desire to say
that in what experience I have had in thi3
House I never knew any harm to be done by
an early fixing of the day of final adjournment.
The great bulk of the business of the House
is always transacted in the last ten or twenty
days of the session. You may put off the final
adjournment any length of time you please,
and the result will always be the same.
Now, as to the argument of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] that it is im-
possible to adjourn because of the protec-
tionists from Pennsylvania, I think that has
been sufficiently answered by the gentleman
on my right, [Mr. Kelley,] who represents
protection in Pennsylvania and everywhere
else at the same time. Now, as to the ques-
tions of tariff and internal revenue, let me say
that if the House shall fix a day upon which
the final adjournment shall take place, we can
work up to it and dispose of both of those
questions. I venture to say that the House
can dispose of those questions after a debate
of twenty four hours better than it would if
they should be debated for even twenty-four
weeks. There is not a great deal that needs
now to be done. We have sent to the Senate
a bill putting tea and coffee on the free-list,
and I trust that body will yet pass it. And then
I think we here can agree very quickly upon
the internal revenue system by taking out of
it exerything except taxes upon liquors and
tobacco, and perhaps upon banks. And that
will be as good a disposition of the subject as
can be made. There need not be two days
occupied by the House in making such a dis-
position of the question as will be satisfactory
to the country.
As regards the tariff, I believe that nothing
so good for the country could happen as for
this Congress to let it alone entirely, except so
far as it relates to tea and coffee. That is the
reason why I believe we may just as well fix
now the time for final adjournment as at any
other time. We have no doubt a great deal
of business to do, but we can do it very well
and very rapidly if we but give our attention
to it, and when the time for final adjourn-
ment shall have been fixed, we will work
up to that time. I believe that the idea of
the Senate was a very proper one when they
adopted a resolution to adjourn on the 29th
of May. If we fix the day of adjournment
some time ahead, we will be able to meet all
the requirements that the country will make
upon us. I do not believe any great interest
will suffer if we now fix upon the 29th of May
as the day for the final adjournment of this
session. On the contrary, as I said at the be-
ginning of my remarks, I believe if we fix
upon that day we can just as well complete the
business of the country by that time as we
would if we fixed upon the 29th of June, or the
29th of July, or even the 29th of August, and
then dawdle along here until a fortnight be-
fore the close of the session and then go to
work and enact what legislation is needed. I
am therefore in favor of fixing the earliest day
for adjournment, and I shall vote for this reso-
lution.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I now yield
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Randall] for three minutes.
Mr. RANDALL. I am anxious for an
early adjournment, and not from any such
motive as my friend from New York [Mr.
Brooks] continuously ascribes to the mem-
bers in this House from Pennsylvania. I
do not feel myself a subject of that chronic
rebuke which the gentleman seems always
inclined to administer whenever he speaks
of the State of Pennsylvania. On the con-
trary, I am ready to remain here a due and
proper time to complete the public business
of the country. When the tariff question
comes up for review, I can say, as one of
the Representatives from that State, that
Pennsylvania will be able to take care of
her interests, and will be willing to abide
by the decision of the majority, just as the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] is
always ready to take care of his foreign pol-
icy in connection with other measures con-
sidered.
Now, I desire to say once for all to this
House that I hope there will be an end to
this ungenerous and unnecessary reflection
upon the motives of members from the State
of Pennsylvania. We feel that we are acting
in accordance with the wishes, the interests,
and the intelligence of our people. It is
sometimes said that we differ from others of
our party. But we are always obedient to
the will of the majority. Now, in regard to
this question of the tariff, I think we should
remain here a reasonable time, and that so
far as possible, consistent with the interests
of the public and of the industries of the
country, we should modify that tariff.
On the other hand, I believe that this Con-
gress owes it to the people of the country to
largely, very largely, reduce the internal rev-
enue taxation, and to adopt a simplified sys-
tem of taxation upon this subject, such as
that recommended by the President of the
United States iu a recent message, wherein
he suggested that the revenues of the Govern-
ment should be collected mainly upon four
or five articles.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I must arrest
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] iu his speech, in order that I may com-
ply with other promises in regard to the occu-
pancy of the floor.
Mr. RANDALL. Well, sir, I have said,
perhaps, as much as I desired to say. I hope
I have not been misunderstood.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I now yield
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Dickey] all the remainder of my time except
one minute.
Mr. DICKEY. I do not desire to travel
over the whole ground of debate which has
been occupied in the discussion of this mat-
ter. I propose, after making a few brief
remarks, to put a termination to the debate.
But I want to call the attention of the House
to the remarks of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, [Mr. Garfield, of
Ohio.] He stated (and it is a fact) that all
the appropriation bills save two have been
acted upou by this House, all but one having
been acted on in committee. Now, I wish
to call the attention of the gentleman and
the House to the fact that in the consider-
ation of all the appropriation bills thus far
acted upon by the House during this session,
less than six days have been consumed. Yet
after these bills have undergone their prepara-
tion and discussion in this House, after they
have been passed by the Senate and have come
back here merely for the consideration of Sen-
ate amendments, the gentleman talks about
want of time. Now, if the House, in consider-
ing the appropriation bills in the first instance,
could dispose of them in six days, may we
not hope that the amendments put upon them
by the Senate may be disposed of in five or six
days more ?
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Cobtjrn]
speaks of the public business before the com-
mittees of this House, and which he thinks must
be attended to. That would be so if Con-
gress were in session en permanence. Sir,
if we should sit here until the " crack of
doom," there would still be business for us to
do. I withdraw the resolution.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I renew it,
and on it call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, which was upon
agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 80, nays 110, not voting
•50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Bell. Bigby, Bingham,
Austin Biair. James G. Blair, Boies, Bright, Ben-
jamin i\ Butler. Cobb, Conger, Creely, Crocker,
Darrall. Davis, Dickey, Duelj, Elliott, Ely, Porker,
Henry D. Poster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garrett,
Getz, Griffith, Halsey, Hancock, Handiey, Havens,
