1928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
ditched and redeemed for cultivation ; uo ca-
nals cat in order to connect the natural chan-
nels of trade and commerce; uo rivers improved
or harbors made more spacious and secure ;
none of these works of utility and patriotism
relieve the monotonous desolation which un-
holy avarice and unrestrained oppression haa
stamped upon the South. She has nothing to
mitigate her degradation. Shehasbeen stripped
and robbed and left by the way-side. Her effects,
moneys, and credits have been transported to
other States and climes, to return to her no
more forever. Her well-favored and fat-
fleshed kine, feeding in her meadows, have
been devoured. The frogs, the darkness, the
liee, and the locusts left more blessings behind
them in Egypt than this portion of the Repub-
lic has received from its modern rulers.
Sir, I challenge the darkest annals of the
human race for a parallel to the robberies
■which have been perpetrated on eleven Ameri-
can States. Ireland has been made to enrich
many a lawless lord lieutenant sent over by
England to govern that beautiful but unhappy
island. The stories of her wrongs and pillage
have been said and sung 111 every hamlet in
the civilized world; yet her contributions to
the cause of a wicked Government have been
mere pittances compared to ivhat the South
has been compelled to make.
Seventy years before the birth of Christ Sicily
■was ravaged and despoiled by a consul of Rome.
Though more than nineteen centuries have
come and gone since then, yet the name of
Verres retains all its freshness of immortal
infamy. He was prosecuted by the authority
of the Roman senate, and tied for an asylum
to strange and foreign lands. IIo died mis-
erably iu exile, and his dishonored dust was
not permitted to mingle with the soil of the
Roman republic. We find, however, in Mid-
dleton'sLife of Cicero, that all the peculations,
extortions, bribes, and larcenies charged upon
Verres daring his entire administration of the
•affairs of Sicily did not exceed $2,000,000;
equal to only one third of the amount for
which the Tribune, of New York, says Gov-
ernor Scott fraudulently issued the bonds of
South Carolina in a single transaction. The
basest Roman consul whose name is pre-
served on the pages of the historian becomes
respectable by the side of a southern Gov-
ernor under the present policy of this Govern-
ment. The crimes of Warren Hastings, as
the ruler of distant and conquered colonies,
have long been the theme of swelling periods
and lofty declamation. There was much in
his situation to extenuate his offenses. He
•was charged by his Government to hold its
valuable possessions on the opposite side of
the globe. He was in the midst of fierce,
revengeful, and undying hostilities. Ho was
currounded by a race with which he had no
bond or tie of blood or of language. It was
perfidious and cruel, and mocked at the faith
of treaties. llut even admitting that his guilt
was as great as it was painted by the flaming
imagination of Burke or the impassioned
rhetoric of Sheridan, yet all the burdens he
imposed upon all the East Indies do not equal
those which have been fastened upon the two
States of Georgia and Louisiana alone, since
the disastrous dawn of reconstruction.
Sir, on the facts which I have stated I
invoke the judgment of the country. What
right have you to expect peace and order in a
land whose rulers are lawless felons? When
did a bad Government ever fail to produce
wickedness and crime ? Do you expect the
people to obey the laws when their officials
do not? Do you expect them to love and
reverence a Government whose policy has
made them bankrupt and miserable ? Do you
wonder that they become restless, desperate,
and disobedient as they daily behold the fruits
of their toil stolen in the name of their Gov-
ernment? Are you amazed at scenes of vio-
■ lence, outrage, bloodshed, and cruel ven-
geance, when the Executive of a S'ate sets
aside the entire administration of justice?
Rather should you be filled with astonishment
at the forbearance and moderation you have
witnessed.' If the foremost agents in the work
of southern ruin and destruction since the close
of the war had been driven from that country
by its plundered citizens, who now would rise up
here and condemn the act? In the disorders
which afflict the South the philosophic mind
beholds the inevitable results of well-known
causes. Had you sown the seeds of kindness
and good will, they would long ere this have
blossomed into prosperity and peace. Had
you sown the seeds of honor, you would have
reaped a golden harvest of contentment and
obedience. Had you extended your charities
and your justice to a distressed people, you
would have awakened a grateful affection in
return. But as you have planted in hate and
nurtured in corruption, so have been the fruits
which you have gathered.
EVILS OF TIIE CIVIL &BRVIUB SYSTEM.
Mr. McCRARY. Mr. Speaker, I am one
of the number who believe that a thorough,
radical, and permanent reform in the civil ser-
vice is demanded by the best interests, not
only of the Government itself, but of the pub-
lic servants and the people generally. I have
long been convinced that the evils of the sys-
tem, which for nearly forty years has been
practiced by whatever party has happened to
be in power, are so great as to. call loudly for
a remedy. So believing, I voted cheerfully for
that provision of the act of March 1871,
which provides—
"That the President of the United States be, and
he is hereby, authorized to prescribe such rules and
regulations for the admission of persons into the civil
service of the United States as will best promote the
efficiency thereof, and ascertain the fitness of each
candidate in respect to age, health, character, knowl-
edge. and ability for the branch of service into which
he seeks to enter; and for this purposo the President
is authorized to employ suitable persons to conduct
said inquiries, to prescribe their duties, and to es-
tablish regulations for the conduct of persons who
may receive appointments in the civil service."
Although this provision, as I thought at the
time of its adoption, promised nothing more
than a partial and temporary remedy, and
therefore stopped far short of the reform
really needed, it seemed to me a step in the
right direction. I expected little from it,
because it was not aimed at the chief evil of
the civil service. It limited the power of the
commissioners to be appointed under it to
prescribing ''rules and regulations for the
admission of persons into the civil service,"
whereas the great evil of removals without
cause was left untouched. It may be well
enough to guard the entrance into the civil
service by proper regulations, but this is of
small moment when compared to the import-
ance of securing to every official some certain
permanence of tenure and security against
causeless and sudden removal.
The act in question also provided for estab-
lishing rules for ascertaining ;'the fitness of
each candidate in respect to age, health, char-
acter, knowledge, and ability for the branch
of service into which he seeks to enter;'' but
want of fitness iu these respects was and is
among the least of the evils of the service. I
supportedthismeasure, therefore, only because
1 felt that something was demanded, and be-
cause at the time nothing beyond this was
within our reach ; but I was well convinced then
and am still more thoroughly convinced now,
that other and more radical and far-reaching
measures must be resorted to.
The measures which seem to me essential
are the following:
1. A fixed and definite term of office for
every civil officer of the Government, (with a
few necessary exceptions.) and removals for
cause only.
2, The election of Federal officers by the
people in all cases where this is practicable.
I he first could be accomplished, temporarily
at least, by an act of Congress, since the na-
tional Legislature may under the Constitution
fix the tenure of all civil officers : and I am iu
favor of the passage oi such a bill at the pres-
ent session.
The second can only be accomplished by
an amendment to the Constitution. In my
judgment any reform iu the civil service
which is to permanently remedy the evils
of which we complain must be by way oi con-
stitutional amendment. I have accordingly
thought proper to embrace both of these prop-
ositions in the following proposed constitu-
tional amendment:
.Joint resolution proposing an amendment to the
Constitution.
Retuhed by the Senuteand Rouse of Jiejjreeeata'ivet
of the United States of America in Co.igress assembled,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring,) That the fol-
lowing amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States be, and is hereby, proposed to the Legis-
latures of the several States :
Article —,
All civil ol&cers of the United States, except judgc-
of the Supreme and inferior courts, the heads of
Departments, and those whoso duties are temporary
in their character, shall hold ofhoo for a term oi
four years, unless a longer term shall bo fixed by
la*,v. Congress may by law provide for the election
by the people of postmasters and other officers
whoseduties are to be performed within thelimits oi
any State or part of a State; but the President shall
have the power of removal of any such officer,
whether appointed or elected, for any cause affect-
ing the incumbent's character, habits, or other
qualifications, excepting political or religious opin-
ions.
I propo.-.e to embrace iu one amendment
both propositions, because I want to secure
a reform which shall be permanent, and be-
cause I do not believe any reform can be
permanent which does not remove from all
parties iu the future the great temptation
which the power to vacate at one stroke some
eighty thousand office? must always present.
Wc can enact a law to provide for pcrma-
ncncy of tenure, but some new party which
may rise up in the future, upon coming into
power may repeal it in order to reward its
adherents. Let us, therefore, tit ike at the
root of the evil by making these reform meas-
ures a part of the Constitution.
It should be no matter of surprise that the
Constitution, which was adopted nearly a cea
tury ago, by a people only about one tenth as
numerous as out' present population, who
inhabited but a small fraction of cur present
territory, and who could have had but a faint
conccption of the magnitude already attained
by the nation they established, should be found
inadequate to meet every emergency, aud to
open the way to every needed reform. As the
country has developed, and as new and unfore-
seen exigencies have arisen, amendments have
been found necessary and have been adopted,
Our lathers foresaw this necessity, aud pro-
vided for it in the Constitution itself, which
provides for its own amendment by two dis-
tinct modes. The wonder is. that she Consti-
tution was originally to nearly perfect that it
has adapted itself as fully as it has, to our eou
tinually expanding wants, to our constantly
multiplying interests, and to so many new and
unforeseen phases of our national life.
Fifteen amendments to the Constitution have
been adopted .since the year 1800. I believe
the verdict of the people to-day upon the merit-
of these amendments is that they were right
and that they were necessary. I cherish a-
much reverence for that sacred instrument as
any mnn. and yet I am free to declare that n-j
valuable and permanent reform in the civil ser-
vice can be achieved without its further amend-
ment. I shall endeavor to make this clear as
I proceed.
Before attempting to provide a remedy for
the present evils of the civil service wc should
endeavor to understand their nature and their
cause. The board of commissioners organ-
ized under the act of March last, from which
I have quoted, ha\e fallen (and perhaps they
were led by the terms of the act itself) into
the error of supposing that the trouble arises
from the appointment of incompetent persons
to office, and that it, may therefore be rem"-
