THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14
Mr. POMEROY. This is not the season to
introduce resolutions, and if there is a reso-
lution offered it cannot be proceeded with
except by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is of opinion that it is too late to make that
point now. The resolution has been under
discussion.
Mr. POMEROY. If it was in order to in-
troduce the resolution, it could not be pro-
ceeded with at this time but by unanimous
consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate has
gone on for some time.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Chair, then, if
there is a resolution before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
rules that there is a resolution before the Sen-
ate introduced by the Senator from Illinois,
and several Senators have addressed the Sen-
ate on the merits of it.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Illi-
nois proposed a resolution. I did not under-
stand that he had introduced it. If I had, I
should have objected to its consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Have I the floor?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois has the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am a little surprised
at the sensitiveness of the Senator from Kan-
sas and the Senator from Ohio. During an
experience of now more than sixteen years I
recollect scarcely a single instance in this body,
distinguished for courtesy among its mem-
bers, in which a Senator has ever been called
to order because he proposes to speak more
. than once or twice upon a subject before the
Senate. We have such a rule, I know. We
have a rule that no person shall read a news-
paper in the Senate. We have a number of
rules of like character; but that courtesy and
that kindness among the members of this body
which have distinguished it from its organiza-
tion have been such that there has seldom been
found a member to attempt to enforce them,
and especially to choke off discussion or pre-
vent a reply.
It was supposed that there was one body on
the American continent where discussion was
free. But the Senator from Ohio thought
proper to undertake to enforce this obsolete
ru'e upon'me that he might take the floor him-
self and read me a lecture. I have heard it-
He spoke of excitement upon my part. Was
anybody more excited or more unjust than he?
Sir, I am happy now to know that I have the
floor in accordance with the rules of the Sen-
ate, for I never wish to violate its rules or to
impose myself obtrusively upon its consider-
ation. The Senator from Ohio intimated, and
has suffered the intimation to go out to the
country, that I had spoken of "this corrupt
Administration." He used the words "cor-
rupt Administration," and could have used
them with no other intention than to carry the
erroneous impression to the people of this
country that I had intimated that this was a
corrupt Administration. I have made no such
intimation.
And, Mr. President, he rises in his place
here and says that nobody had any objection
to investigation. Why, hasheforgotten, and has
the Senator from Indiana forgotten that when
the resolution was proposed for a joint com-
mittee that they both voted foe for five years,
it was opposed on the ground that the stand-
ing committees of the Senate were the proper
committees to make these investigations? Did
we not have a discussion upon it here in the
Senate, and was not action prevented day after
day by motions to go into executive session and
to adjourn, when the Senate had been in ses-
sion but an hour or less than two hours? Has
the Senator from Ohio forgotten this? And
now, forsooth, he is for investigation! It is
a singular way of manifesting a zeal for invest-
igation by opposing any means to accomplish it.
The Senator talks of this " extraordinary"
proposition. Has he not voted for it time and
again? But then it was a joint committee.
Yes, but is the right of the citizen any more
likely to be encroached upon bythe action of
a joint committee than of a standing committee
of the Senate? Did not the Senator from Ohio
vote year after year to clothe the joint com-
mittee with authority to send for persons and
papers during the recess of Congress ? Where
then was his zeal for the rights of the citizen ?
He says such a thing was never heard of in
the history of the Government, as clothing a
standing committee of the Senate with a gen-
eral authority to send for persons and papers.
Why, sir, it has been heard of for five years,
as to a joint committee of the two Houses.
What are these but mere technicalities thrown
in the way of investigation ?
The Senator from Indiana draws inferences
as to what has been said by others in the Sen-
ate. I am not responsible for what others
have said. It is as much as I can do to be
responsible for what I say myself. Nor am I
responsible for wrong inferences that he may
draw from my remarks. But the Senator from
Indiana very complacently "accepts" my
statement about Republicanism. Yes, Mr.
President, he "accepts" it. Well, I do not
answer to the Senator from Indiana for my
Republicanism. Who set him up as the stand-
ard of Republicanism ? Upon what meat does
he feed that he is to " accept" a statement that
I make ? My Republicanism is not to be
measured by his. I recognize 110 allegiance
to hiin and no authority in him to condescend-
ingly "accept" my statement as to what con-
stitutes Republicanism. He tells us that he
is for reform—and he has a strange way of
manifesting it! He is as much for it as those
who talk about it more. Ay, I remember to
have read a speech of the Senator from Indi-
ana delivered, I think, in Missouri, in which
he eulogizes our civil service as we have it, as
the best in the world. When did he become
such a reformer ?
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. In referring to my St.
Louis speech the Senator ought to say, in
justice to me, and perhaps will say, that while
I declared that I believed there were reforms
which could be made and would be made, and
that the Republican party would do all that
could be done in that direction, I said still I
believed, as I now do, that we have the best
civil service in the world to-day. That is
what I said.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was my recollec-
tion, substantially, of the speech as I read it.
Now, if there is any worse oivil service in any
country on the face of the earth than that in
the United States, I pray God to deliver that
people from it. Here, as we have shown day
after day, officers are appointed in many local-
ities simply for partisan service, without per-
forming any duty whatever for the Government,
and that is the best civil service in the world!
How could you get a worse one? Thousands
of dollars are paid to men whose only service
is to sign the receipt for the money they re-
ceive : and that is the best civil service on the
face of the globe!
Mr. President, the people will not misun-
derstand what has occurred herein the Senate.
The Senator from Ohio may become excited,
and the Senator from Indiana may pronounce
eulogies upon our civil service a3 it exists, but
the people of this country will think that when
a resolution is offered in this body to inquire
into the manner in which the public moneys
1! of the country are collected and disbursed ; to
jj inquire whether there are supernumerary offi-
cers in the service; to inquire whether patron-
age cannot be dispensed so as not to constitute
a corruption fund for partisan purposes, and
it is not allowed to pass, first, because a joint
committee will not do, (which was found out
for the first time this session,) and then because
it is dangerous to give a committee the neces-
sary powers to expose corruption, discov-
ered also for the first time this session, tha1
there is some design somewhere to prevent
the exposure of corruption.
What do the people of Illinois or the people
of Indiana care whether it is a standing com-
mittee of the Senate or a joint committee of
the two Houses that is proposed to inquire
into frauds and corruption in the public ser-
vice, and to correct them, if they exist? What
will they think of the effort that is made first
upon one ground and then on another to pre-
vent the passage of a resolution to clothe a
committee with the power to ferret out and
expose corruption, if it exists, and if not, to
let the country know the fact?
Sir, who is the best friend of the Republican
party, he who goes to work to ferret out and le-
form its abuses—for it is admitted that abuses do
exist—or he who throws first one obstacle and
then another in the way of investigation because
the committee proposed is not precisely the
one he wants? If it is expected by Senators
that the Republican party, which has hitherto
done so much for human liberty, its own and
its country's honor, and for mankind, is to
preserve its escutcheon untarnished, they must
purify it of all corruption and make it a party
of progress and reform; and the day that it
shall begin, under one subterfuge or another,
to hide iniquities, to cover up defalcations and
fraud, that day it will begin to fall in public
estimation and soon go down in disgrace under
the condemnation of an honest people.
My Republicanism is not partisan. I care
nothing for the Republican party except as a
means of benefit to my country; and when I
see around me, from the Pacific ocean to the
Atlantic coast, first one defaulter and then
another, and an attempt is made by anybody,
first by interposing one objection and then
another, to prevent investigation into the pub-
lic service, and the means of accountability,
then I think I am a much bettor Republican
than he. I certainly am in my own estimation,
and I shall not submit my Republicanism to
the test of the Senator from Indiana, particu-
larly after that declaration of his, first promul-
gated in the West, and repeated here to-day,
that onr civil service as it exists is the best in
the world. The President does not think our
civil service system the best; the country does
notthink so; and if there is one thing demanded
by the honest'people of this country, it is that
it should be reformed and be made better.
Now, Mr. President, I do not wish to pro-
long this, discussion. I am sorry that I had to
move an amendment in order to be heard bythe
Senate. I believe it is the first time during my
service that I have had to resort to such an ex-
pedient to avoid a rule seldom if ever before
enforced. Having said all I desired, I now
ask leave to withdraw the amendment which I
proposed, and I hope that the Senate may con-
sent to adopt the resolution 1 have offered.
Mr. MORTON, .lust- one word. I do not
intend to be placed improperly before the
country even on the subject of the civil ser-
vice. When 1 said I believed we to-day had a
better system than any Government, as I said
at St. Louis, I did not mean to say it was per-
fect; on the contrary, I said it was imperfect;
I said it should be reformed, and that the
Republican pasty would do all in that direc-
tion that could be done. I do not intend to
be placed before the country as saying that it
is perfect now, although I believe it is bettor
than any other that now exists in the world.
Mr. THURMAN. _ I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer a resolution that when the Senate
adjourns to-duy it be to meet on Monday.
IhePRESIDING OFFICER. TheSenator
from Ohio asks consent to move a resolution
that when the Senate adjourns to-day it shall
adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that had better
go over until to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSenator
from Vermont objects.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask consent
