2824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
John W. Hazelton, Herndon, Hill, Hoar, Lamison,
Lamport, Lansing, Leach, McOormiok, Mcfarew,
Mcjunkin, Mercur, Morphis, Leonard Myers,
Packer, Palmer, Peck, Perce, Peters, Piatt, Porter,
Prindle. Raiuey. Rogers, Rusk, Scotield, Seeley, Ses-
sions, Sherwood, Shoemaker, Snapp, Snyder, It.
Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Storm, Stowell, Sutherland, Washington
Townsend, Turner, Tuthill, Wakeman. Waldron.
Warren, Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley, Williams of
Indiana, and J*"ohnT. Wilson—80.
NAYS-Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur, Avenll,
Banks, Barber, Beatty. Beck, Biggs, Bird, Braxton,
George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buckley, .Hamil-
ton, Burchard, Burdett, Campbell, Coburn, Cogh-
lan, Comingo, Conner, Cotton, Cox, Cntcher, Cross-
land, l)awes, Donnan.Dox.DuBoac, Duke, Bunnell,
Barnes, Eldrodgo, Farnsworth, Farwell, linkeln-
burg, Garfield, Golladay, llaldeman, Hale, Ham-
bleton, Hanks. Harper, Jonn T. Harris, Ilawley,
Hay, Hays, deny W. Hazelton, Hibbard, Holrnan,
Hooper, Houghton, Keltey, Kendall, Kei'r.Ketcham,
King, Lewis, Lowe, Maiison, Marshall, Maynard,
McCrary, Mcllenry, Mclntyre, McNeely, Meniam,
Merrick, Mitchell, Monroe, Negley. Niblack, Orr,
Paokard, Hosoa W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Lli
verry, Poland, Price, Randall. Head, Edward Y.
Rice, John M. Rice, Ellis II. Roberts, William R.
Roberts, Sargent. Shanks. Sheldon, Shober, Slater,
Sloss, IX. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith. Ste-
vens, Stephenson, Stoughton, Swunu, Taffe, Terry,
Tvvichell, Tyner, Upson, Vaughan, Walden, Whit-
tliorne, Willurd Jeremiah M. Wilson, Winchester,
and Wood—110.
i)e bargo, Charles i< ostei, i^ooancn, narmer. ueorge
li. Harris. Hereford, Kellogg, Killinger, Kinsella,
Lynch, McClelland. Mclveo, McKinney, Benjamin
F.Moyers, Moore, Morey,Morgan, Pendleton, Aaron
P. Perry, Potter, Ritchie, Robinson, Roosevelt,
Sawyer, Shellabarger, Slocum, Worthington C.
Smith, Strong, St. John, Syphcr, Thomas, Ihvight
Townsend, Van Trump, Voorhees, Waddell, Wal-
lace, Walls, WilliamsofNew Yoik, and Young—50.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I report
from the Committee on tlie Judiciary the bill
for the removal of the disabilities of various
persona whose cases have been before the
committee. 1 move that this bill be recom-
mitted and ordered to be printed ; and I will
inform the House that the bill contains between
fifteen and sixteen thousand names, arranged
alphabetically under the different States, so
that gentlemen can readily see whom in their
respective States the bill proposes to relieve.
1 desire that the bill shall be carefully exam-
ined by every member interested, to see that
the names are correctly given.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R.
No. '2564J to relieve certain persons therein
named from the legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and recommitted.
SMITHSONIAN REPORT.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, as one of the
Regents of the Smithsonian Institution, I now
present the report of that institution for the
year 1871.
The report was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. POLAND submitted the following res-
olution ; which , was read, considered, and
under the rule referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Revolved, That twenty thousand additional copies
of the report of the Smithsonian Institution for
the year.1871 be printed, of which three thousand
shall bo for the Senate, eleven thousand for tho use
oi the House, and six thousand for the use of the
Institution.
T15XAS PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WHEELER. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
give notice that on Monday next, after the
morning hour, I shall move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of considering the Senate
bill in relation to the Texas Pacific railroad.
COURTS IN ALABAMA.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield to the gentle-
man from New York, who has a matter which
he desires to bring before the House for con-
sideration and which he says will give rise to
no debate. If it does, I shall have to ask him
to withdraw it.
Mr. POTTER. I move to take from the
Speaker's table a bill (S. No. 328) in relation
to the district courts of Alabama.
The first section provides that the terms of
the district court of the United States tor the
northern district of Alabama shall commence
on the second Monday in May and the third
Monday in October in each year. The second
sectiou provides that the district judge may
appoint a special session of the district court,
to be held in the middle district of Alabama,
whenever in his opinion there is a necessity
therefor. The third section provides that all
acts and parts of acts inconsistent herewith
are hereby repealed.
Mr. POTTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to amend the bill by
adding the following section :
Sec. 4. That a new judicial district, to be known
as the western district of Alabama, is hereby created,
to be composed of the counties of Greene, Sumter,
Choctaw, Marengo, Hale, Tuscaloosa, layette, Jef-
ferson, Pickens, Perry, Sanfortl, andDeKalb; that
the district judge of Alabama shall hold two courts
per a,nnum in said western district, atButaw, Greene
county, commencing the first Mondays in June ana
in January, and sit for two weeks, or until the busi-
ness is fully disposed of; and that the western dis-
trict hereby created shall be regulated and con-
trolled by the laws regulating the northern district
of Alabama, and the district judge to have the same
jurisdiction and powers as in the northern district:
Provided, That a district attorney and marshal shall
be appointed lor the district in the same manner
that marshals and district attorneys are appointed
for other district courts.
Mr. HOLM AN. I must object to the con-
sideration of this bill at this time.
Mr. BINGHAM. Let it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. AMBLER. I insist on the regular
order of business.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that after Mon-
day next the House shall meet at eleven
o'clock a. m., which will give every committee
an opportunity to report, and will at the same
time save us from the necessity of having
evening sessions. 1 do not think there will be
any objection to that.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
it will be so ordered.
Mr. AMBLER. I object.
Mr. DAWES. I renew the motion that all
general debate on the tariff bill in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
shall close on Tuesday next at three o'clock.
Mr. AMBLER. Make it Friday.
Mr. DAWES. Wait a moment. I suggest
that all general debate on the tariff bill be
closed next Tuesday at three o'clock. Of
course it is within the control of the House.
If the House think a longer time can be allowed
for general debate, of course the House can
fix that longer time. It is within the power
of the House to determine what range this
general debate shall take.
Mr. RANDALL. I suggest that the gen-
eral debate be closed on Friday next.
Mr. DAWES. I hope we will not put it
off to so late a day.
Mr. L. MYERS. Say Thursday.
Mr. RANDALL. I have consulted various
menbers, and the desire on this side of the
House is that the debate shall run on until
Friday next.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope more time will
be allowed than is suggested by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts^ There are nine
members of the Committee'of Ways and Means
who desire to speak on this question, and cer-
tainly there are others in the House outside
of the Committee of Ways and Means who
ought to have some rights.
Mr. AMBLER. Is this debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
Mr. DAWES. I am willing to make it
Thursday next
Mr. RANDALL. I insist on my motion, to
make it Friday.
Mr. DAWES. I will submit my motion, and
let the House settle the time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts will be voted
down. .
Mr. TAFFE. Permit me to make a sug-
gestion 
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will agree
to Thursday, 1 will say nothing further.
Mr. RANDALL. No; I insist on Friday.
Mr. DAWES. Let it be Thursday. I de-
sire to make it satisfactory to the House.
Mr. RANDALL. So far as l am personally
concerned, I would agree to Thursday, but
there is a general desire on this side of the
House to have it run on to Friday.
Mr. CAMPBELL, i he nine members of the
Committee of Ways and Means who desire to
speak on this subject will take all the time up
to Thursday, and there are some others out-
side of that committee who desire to be heard.
Mr. KERR. I suggest to the gentleman that
he allow the matter to run on, and to fix the
time for closing the debate hereafter.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would suggest to the
gentleman trom Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
that it would be impossible in the time he
allows for even the nine members of the com-
mittee to be heard.
Mr. DAWES. I will modify my motion so
as to make debate close on Thursday at three
o'clock.
Mr. TAFFE. Tuesday next has been
assigned for business of the Committee oi
the Territories. I desire to know how that
will be affected by the motion of the gende-
manfrom Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes].
Jilr. DAWES. At what hour?
Mr. TAFFE. Half past one o'clock, to the
exclusion of all other orders. We have several
times postponedreportingt'iom our committee
for the purpose of facilitating what gentlemen
call the public business.
The SPEAKER. The order which may be
made on the motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will not at all
interfere with the order made in reference to
the business of the Committee on the Terri-
tories. The Chair desires the gentleman from
Massachusetts again to state his motion in the
form in which he wishes to have it put.
Mr. DAWES. If the House had decided
to meet at eleven o'clock I would not have
asked the House to go into Committee of the
Whole on the tariff bill until after the morn-
ing hour of each day. On Monday I shall
endeavor to obtain an order that the House
shall meet at eleven o'clock. That would
secure a morning hour. On Monday I shall
move that we meet at eleven o'clock for the
purpose of allowing every committee an oppor-
tunity of presenting its reports in the morning
hour.
Mr. L. MYERS. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to cut off the morning hour to-day?
Mr. DAWES. I desire to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole this afternoon.
Mr. SHANKS. I think no objection will
be made to the gentleman's proposition if he
agrees to let his business commence after the
morning hour.
The SPEAKER. To what does the gentle-
man from Indiana refer—to the meeting at
eleven o'clock?
Mr. SHANKS. Let that question be de-
termined by the House. Meet when you will,
but let us have the morning hour. Eor my-
self, I am anxious that we should meet at
eleven o' clock. I am willing that we should
meet at eight, if that order should be agreeable
to the House.
Mr. DAWES. On Monday I will move that
we meet at eleven o'clock, and if the majority
of the House will sustain me in that, I will
not move to go into Committee of the Whole
until after the morning hour.
_ Mr. L. MYERS. If we are to have a morn-
ing hour, let us have it to-day.
The SPEAKER. That is not a matter for
unanimous consent, but for a majority of the
House to determine. The gentleman from
