84
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 23,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr: Trumbull.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
quiry so as to know how to apply the remedy
we are met with the cry of danger to the party.
Your investigation is designed to throw "mud
upon the party," exclaims the Senator from
Indiana. Sir, no dirt will be thrown upon a
party that is pure by investigating its acts, but
if it be impure, the sooner its garments are
cleansed by thorough investigation and reform
the better for it.
This cry of "party," "party," upon all
occasions to prevent investigation and the
exposure of abuses reminds me of what was
said by Patrick Henry of one John Hook, who
brought suit to recover pay for a couple of
steers taken by the commissary of the revolu-
tionary army for famishing soldiers who were
exposed to the weather and hard pressed, and
whom any man with a patriotic heart in his
bosom would have rejoiced at an opportunity
to have fed and cared for; but Hook followed
up the army demanding pay for his steers, and
is described by Henry as he appeared at York-
town when Cornwallis with the last British
army marched out of his intrenchments and
surrendered to the American forces. On that
occasion, says Henry,
"Triumph lighted up every patriot face, and tho
shouts of victory and the cry of Washington and lib-
erty were heard as they rung and echoed through
the American ranks, and were reverberated from
the hills and shores of the neighboring river. But
hark, what notes of discord are these which disturb
the general joy, and silence the acclamations of vic-
tory? They are the notes of John Hook, hoarsely
bawling through the American camp, beefl beefl
beef!"
[Laughter.]
And so, sir, when the country isreekingwith
corruption, and an investigation is proposed
to ascertain whether it exists among Govern-
ment officials, we are met with the cry of
'' party!" " party! " 1' party!" and that is the
speech heard from the Senator from Indiana
in .opposition to every inquiry.
The Senator has a wonderful knowledge of
parties. He tells us not only what the Repub-
lican party will io, whom it will nominate,
and what is to happen to it, but he tells ns
also what the Liberal Republicans will do, and
then he tells us what the Democrats will do.
He says the Liberal Republicans have called a
convention at Cincinnati in May, and that they
will make nominations for President and Vice
President. How does the Senator know it?
I have no such information. The resolutions
under which the convention is called do not
state it; but the Senator from Indiana knows,
and he says when they have made their nom-
inations the Democrats will play, I think he
calls it, "the possum gamethey will lie low,
in his elegant language, until late in the sea-
son, and then they will bring out a candidate
of their own ; that they are encouraging these
Liberal Republicans, and if they should ad-
here to the possum game, and should conclude
to support the Liberal Republican candidate,
then one third of the Democrats will vote with
the Republicans to sustain General Grant.
The Senator knows just how many of the
Democrats will vote with him. He seems to
have polled the Democratic party, and knows
he will get one third of it, and the other two
thirds voting with the Liberal Republicans
would not carry a single State. I do not
know how the Senator from Indiana acquired
authority to speak for the Republican party
even, to say nothing about Liberal Repub-
licans, if there be any such party, and I know
of none as a distinct organization from the
Republican party; and how he knows what the
Democracy will do, is more than I can tell.
But, sir, the Senator tells us that the plat-
form adopted by Liberal Republicans in Mis-
souri is "essentially a Democratic platform,"
that it is " anti-Republican," and he proves
that by sayingthatthe Democracy of Connecti-
cut have adopted it! I propose to make some
remarks upon that platform, and see what that
anti-Republican and Democratic platform, as.
the Senator calls it, is. I ask the Secretary to
read the resolutions which I send to the table.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Resolved, That we, the Liberal.Republicans of
Missouri, faithful now, as wo were in tho dark days
of war, to the vital principles of true Republicanism,
by no act or word will endanger the rightful sov-
ereignty of the Union, emancipation, equality of
civil rights, or enfranchisement. To those estab-
lished facts now imbedded in the Constitution we
claim the loyalty of alt good citizens.
" Resolved, That true and lasting peace can como
only from such profound reconciliation as enfran-
chisement has wrought in this State, nor can those
Governments bo pure or great in which tax-payers
have no actual part. We therefore demand, with
equal suffrage for all, complete amnesty for all* that
the intellect and experience of every State may be
welcomed to active service for common welfare.
"Resolved, That no form of taxation is just or
wise which puts needless burdens upon the people.
We demand genuine reform of tariff, so that those
duties shall be removed which, in addition to the
revenue yielded to the Treasury, involve an increase
in the price of domestic products, and consequent
tax for the benefit of favored interests.
" Resolved, That the shameless abuse of the Gov-
ernment patronage for the control of conventions
and elections, whether in the interest of individuals
or of a party, with its consequent corruption and
demoralization of political life, demands the thor-
ough and genuine reform of the public service.
Those who would suppress investigation forget they
owe a higher duty to the country than to any party.
We honor those Senators whose courageous course
has compelled the disclosure of gross misdeeds, and
they deserve the thanks and hearty support of good
citizens. . , .
"jResolved, That local self-government, with im-
partial suffrage, will guard the rights of all citizens
more securely than any centralized authority. It
is time to stop tho growing encroachments of the
executive power; the use of coercion or bribery to
ratify a treaty; the packing of the Supreme Court
to relieve rich corporations; the seating of members
of Congress not elected by the people: the resort to
unconstitutional laws to cure the Ku Klux disorders,
irreligion, or intemperance, and the surrender of
individual freedom to those who ask that the prac-
tice or creed of some shall be the law of all. We
demand for the individual the largest liberty con-
sistent with public order, for the State self-govern-
mcnt, and for tho nation the return of the methods
of peace and the limitations of power.
Resolved, That true Republicanism makes it not
the less our duty to expose corruption, denounce
usurpation of power, and work for reforms neces-
sary for the public welfare. The times demand the
uprising of honest citizens to sweep from power the
men who prostitute the name of any honest party to
selfish interests. We therefore invite all Repub-
licans who desire the reforms herein set forth to meet
in national mass convention at Cincinnati on the
first Monday of May next, at noon, there to take
such action as our convictions of duty and the public
exigencies may require."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, Mr. President, I
propose to show that the Senator from Indi-
ana, who has stigmatized these resolutions as
"essentially anti-Republican and essentially
Democratic," does not know what Republic-
anism is. I propose to show that these res-
olutions contain the very principles on which
the Republican party was founded, and on
which it has won all its triumphs. The only
reason given for denouncing the resolutions
anti-Republican, as essentially Democratic, is
that the Democracy of Connecticut have adopt-
ed them. I suppose that does not change the
principles of the resolutions ; and so far from
lamenting it, I thank God that the Democ-
racy of Connecticut have adopted them, and
I wish that the Democracy of the whole land
would adopt them. Neither envy, nor hatred,
nor malice shall make me oppose that which is
right because my political adversaries adopt it.
What is this first resolution ?
"That we, the Liberal Republicans of Missouri,
faithful now, as we were in the dark days of war,
to the vital principles of true Republicanism, by
no act or word will endanger the rightful sover-
eignty of the Union."
That is anti-Republican, is it ? By no act or
word to endanger the rightful sovereignty of the
Union, for which Republicans fought through
a bloody war, and for which hundreds of
thousands laid down their lives, is denounced
by the Senator from Indiana as essentially
anti-Republican. Sir, no man who is a Repub-
lican in heart and in prineiplo can refuse to
indorse the resolution, because the "rightful
sovereignty of the Union" was the very thing
that Republicans and loyal men everywhere
fought through a long war to maintain.
The next vital principle announced in these
resolutions is "emancipation." Was eman-
cipation anti-Republican? Where did the
Senator from Indiana learn his Republican-
ism? Was the great thirteenth amendment,
which declared that henceforth and forever no
human being should tread the soil of the Uni-
ted States as a slave, anti-Republican? Who
carried that great amendment through Con-
gress and adopted it as a part of the Constitu-
tion of the country but the Republican party ?
Was it not indorsed in our national conven-
tions? Was not "freedom and liberty" the
shibboleth by which we conquered ?
What is the next great principle embodied
in this resolution, which the Senator says is
anti-Republican? " Equality of civil rights."
Why, sir, did we not struggle as a Republican
party to establish equality of civil rights ? Has
the Senator forgotten the struggle in this body
to pass the civil rights bill, securing citizen-
ship with equality of civil rights to every per-
son born in the land, no matter what his race,
color, or previous condition? Is it anti-Re-
publican to refuse to do anything to endanger
equality of rights? The Senator saysit is.
He says equality of civil rights is essentially a
Democratic principle, because the Democracy
of Connecticut have adopted it. Then he is
for slavery, I suppose, because the Democracy
of Connecticut are for freedom? What logic!
Whatnext? "Enfranchisement." Thatis
another of the principles adopted by the Dem-
ocratic party of Connecticut, which has thereby
in the Senators opinion become "essentially
anti-Republican."
What is in the second resolution? It ha3
been read at the desk, and embodies the prin-
ciple of amnesty. "We therefore demand,
with equal suffrage for all, complete amnesty
for all," is the language. Is that anti-Repub-
lican? Why, sir, the last national Repub-
lican convention adopted as one of its resolu-
tions the principle of amnesty, and the Presi-
dent of the United States has urged it upon
us in his annual message with very peculiar
force. This is his language:
"More than six years having elapsed since the
last hostile gun was fired between the armies then
arrayed against each other—one for the perpetua-
tion, the other for the destruction of the Union—it
may well be considered whether it is not now time
that the disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment should be removed. That amendment
does not exclude the ballot, but only imposes tho
disability to hold offices upon ecrtain classcs. "When
the purity of the ballot is secure majorities are sure
to elect officers reflecting the views of the majority.
I do not see the advantage or propriety of excluding
men from office merely because they were before tho
rebellion of standing and character sufficient to be
elected to positions requiring them to take oaths to
support the Constitution, and admitting to eligibil-
ity those entertaining precisely the same views, but
of less standing in their communities. It may be
said that the former violated an oath, while the
latter did not. The latter did not have it in their
power to do so. If they had taken this oath, it can-
not be doubted they would have broken it, as did
the former class."
Now, sir, we have not only the authoritative
declaration of the Republican party in its
national convention in favor of the removal
of political disabilities, but we have also tho
earnest recommendation of the President of
the United States and the repeated expression
of the people's Representatives in favor of the
same measure. Thrice the House of Repre-
sentatives has passed bills for the general
removal of disabilities. Two of those bills lie
upon your table now, and one was strangled
by the enemies of amnesty loading it with
amendments.
But, Mr. President, if the Republican party
had not recommended amnesty in its national
convention, if the President had not recom-
mended it in his annual message, if tho House
of Representatives had not given expression
