1032
THE CONGEESSIGIM. Gfh03M,
February 14,
executive department of the Government—
constant change. I can see that certain incon-
veniences and grievances may arise under the
present system ; but the evil to which we would
fly by the adoption of the amendment seems to
me clearly greater. The effect of the amend-
ment would be constant fluctuation and change
which must paralyze the efficiency of any yard.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the amendment by striking out the
last word.
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment to the
amendment is now pending.
Mr. BDTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I renew it, and yield to my
colleague, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to answer the objections which have suggested
doubts in the mind of my friend from Maine,
[Mr. Hale.] I only desire that the mechan-
ical work in our navy-yards shall be done under
precisely the same system adopted by men in
ordinary business employments. I have dur-
ing a part of my life lived at a manufacturing
city, and am thoroughly acquainted with the
manner in which work is conducted in large
establishments. The rule with us in every
instance is to allow the head of the room, who
is known as the ''overseer," to select his help.
Persons applying for employment are sent to
any particular room where there are supposed
to be vacancies, and the overseer there selects
the help that he needs. That is the rule, I
think, in Massachusetts everywhere. The
chief executive officer of a mill never thinks
of selecting help; he only adjudicates when a
wrong is claimed to have been done between
the laborer and his overseer.
Now, let us apply that principle to our navy-
yards. We have there, for instance, a master
boat-builder, or a master rope-maker; and let
me say that men of this class have such skill
that their tenure of office is generally very
long. I believe there are at the heads of the
mechanical departments in our navy-yards
men who have been there for ten, fifteen, and
twenty years. Suppose the master rope-maker
wants some rope-makers. How can any other
officer know so well as he who .are the best
rope-makers? Why should we, for political
purposes, or any other purposes, deprive the
master rope-maker of the right of selection,
and give it to some other officer? So how can
any officer—how can the executive officer
of the yard, who is a first lieutenant of the
Navy, and does not know a planer from a mill-
ing-machine, or a milling-machine from a
lathe—how can he tell who is the best man to
run these machines? Why should not this,
then, be put under the control of the machinist ?
We have a naval officer known as naval con-
structor, one of the staff and not of the line,
and all staff officers are under the control of
the line. It is his business to know about the
building of ships, and to know when they are
built. He is responsible for them. He is
responsible for their efficiency, and for the
economy of their construction. He is respons-
ible for the success of their construction.
Why should lie be overruled by any first lieu-
tenant of the_Navy, or commodore of the
Navy, or Admiral of the Navy, on the question
as to who is the best ship-carpenter ?
Changes will not be half as many under th's
system in which my friend from Maine [Mr.
Hale] thinks there is danger. I think, if my
amendment is adopted, it will cure all the
evils that are complained of by gentlemen on
the other side. It will cure all those evils,
because a man who is responsible for putting
his work through well will care more whether
he gets good workmen than whether he gets
good voters. And if the great Republican
party cannot stand in this country without the
votes in any navy-yard it will not stand a
great while anywhere. I do not look upon
this matter as a political matter of any great
consequence. It is of some little local con-
sequence. I can say it has not been of much
consequence in the district represented by my
colleague. He never had any motive to inter-
fere. Bat very little of political influence has
entered into it. The influence, if any, in that
yard, has been from the local squabbles inthat
immediate neighborhood about local politics,
about the city government, &e.
I will move my amendment as a substitute
for the amendment of the gentleman from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Hibbard,] and I ask
the Clerk to read it as I have modified it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That mechanics and laborers shall be
employed on the selection of the heads ©f the sev-
eral mechanical departments in the several navy-
yards without the interference of any naval officer.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has expired.
Mi*. FARNSWORTH. I make the point of
order that the substitute provides for new legis-
lation, and is not in order. The amendment
of the gentleman from New Hampshire was
allowed to come in without a point of order
being made, and is therefore properly before
the House. But the substitute is not in order,
and I make that point.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has ruled
that the amendment itself being in order, it is
in order to move a substitute for it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We have had differ-
ent rulings from that. Under the present de-
cision everything germane to this amendment
will be in order, however much it may be in
the character of new legislation, and the rules
of the House prohibit all new legislation on
the appropriation bills.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the ruling of
the Chair.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am sorry to see
this amendment offered as a substitute. I
would like to see both of these amendments
adopted. I think they both ought to be
adopted. The first amendment, offered is only
in the line of recommendations of the Presi-
dent for civil service reform. It is to that
extent an Administration measure, and it wilt,
in my opinion, work reform in the navy-yards
if you withdraw appointments from the control
of political committees of any party. Sir,
in my opinion that is one reason, and one very
powerful reason, why we have been building
worthless ships, and why we cannot in our
navy-yards, where there is no rent to pay and
all that sort of thing, compete in the building
of ships with private yards outside. It is be-
cause men are turned outandothers appointed
in their place in the Government navy-yards
on the dictation ot political committees, and
not merely political, partisan committees,
but, as has been stated already on this floor,
personal committees ; for parties in many parts
of the country seem to have degenerated into
mere personal worship and not to be devoted
to any particular principles. And so, even
when the same party remains in the ascend-
ency, when a member of Congress is elected,
he turns out the operatives ot the navy-yard
put there by his predecessor, and when an-
other man belonging to the same party is
elected in his place he turns out the men put
there by his predecessor.
Now, I say that while mechanics and other
workmen hold places merely by the favor of
members of Congress who know nothing about
wor^ or take no interest in it, except
as they may advance themselves politically,
the work in the navy-yards must and will
suffer. And not only have we been putting
men into the _ navy-yards because they are
f riendly to political parties or particular candi-
dates, but we have been legislating for these
navy-yard_ operatives, giving them more pay
and reducing their hours of labor; thus making
a distinction between the mechanics in the
navy-yard and the mechanics just outside that
navy-yard, as well in the hours of labor as in
the rate of pay. Now, all this ought to be
stopped; and a day's work of a man outside,
in a ship-yard or any other yard, should be of
the same duration as a day's work of a man
in a Government navy-yard. The rate per
day which a mechanic of the same class
receives from a private employer should be
the pay per day which the Government pays
in its yards. These distinctions and favor-
itisms which have been and still are being prac-
ticed in regard to men in Government works
ought to be stopped; and the rule henceforth
should bo that we shall employ men in our
navy-yards and iu other Government works
on the same principle as governs the private
employer—because they are skillful and earn
their pay, and not becauso they are political
partisans.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HIBBARD. The substitute offered by
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] at the first view presents a very plausible
appearance. But, upon reflection, there is in
my judgment very great force in what tha
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] has §aid
against it. In my opinion it would interfere
with the independence of the officers in charge
of the various navy-yards. Unquestionably
they will allow the recommendations of the
various mechanics in charge of separate
departments to have great weight with them.
But to provide that instead of making recom-
mendations they should have the power actually
to designate the men it appears to me would
be a very unfortunate amendment to make.
And now, Mr. Chairman, I desire to say a
word in reply to another remark of the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale.] He said,
as I understood him, that the only difficulty
in the various navy-yards was that they were
somewhat subjected to the influence of poli-
tics. Now, for my part, I charge that that
is not the only difficulty in the navy-yard at
Kittery. I charge that a large number of
men are employed there who are not needed.
I charge that drones and idlers are put iu
there, and that the officers in charge are
unable to resist the influence that is brought
to bear upon them by the politicians. But
lest some one should understand that I make
any allegation against the naval officers at
Kittery, I wish to say that I do not. I say
nothing offensive against any officer in charge
there. I believe them to be gentlemen iu
every sense, and that they are compelled,
against their better judgment, to do in this
matter of putting men into the yard what they
would be very glad to avoid doing. I yield
the rest of my time to the gentlemau from
New York, [Mr. Slocum.]
Mr. SLOCUM. I wish to say one word in
regard to the substitute which has been offered
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Bctler.] But before speaking of that I wish
to advert to the matter of the removal of naval
officers, which has been alluded to by the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hibbard.]
I take, as to that, ground very different from
what he takes; and I allege that the command-
ant of the Brooklyn navy-yard, one of the
ablest and noblest officers in the American
Navy, was removed from his position in the
yard by President Grant for no other reason "
under heaven than that he stood up like an
honest man against this political influence.
Adrniral Godon, who had seen forty years'
service in the^Ameriean Navy, was removed
from his position in that yard for no other
reason than that he stood up like an honest
man and protested against that abuse. In that
respect I differ from my friend from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hibbard,] and I say that
political influence does have sway in refer-
ence to the Navy officers. They are liable,
the best of them, to be stricken down for hold-
ing to what they believe to be right.
Now, with regard to the substitute offered by
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bex-
