I 1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2825
s- Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] the chairman
ij of the Committee of Ways and Means, will
: p.ease state his motion.
I Mr. DAWES. I move that all general de-
i bate on this bill shall be closed on Thursday,
■ at three o'clock.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to amend by sub-
; '* stituting Frida,y for Thursday.
Mr. BECK. I desire to ask the gentleman
i from Massachusetts a question. I would ask
; him whether it will not be quite as safe not to
fix a limit now, reserving the right to move
to fix the limit in the beginning of the week,
when he will hav e some idea of the progress
I made by the debate?
Mr. DAWES. Experience, 1 think, should
have shown the gentleman what almost all of
us are aware of, that unless you fix a time be-
forehand when you will close debate, it is very
hard to fix it afterward. Gentlemen will
remember how it was when the last tariff bill
■was under debate.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would suggest to the
gentleman to postpone fixing the time for the
closing of the debate until Monday, when he
may probably have the hour of meeting fixed
jit ©Isvcii.
Mr. DAWES. When the last tariff bill was
before the House there was an omission to
fix the time for closing the debate, and the
result was that it rau on, and it was found
impossible to close the debate for more than
four weeks. I desire the House, therefore,
to fix the time beforehand.
The SPEAKER. The motion pending is
that of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] that general debate on the tariff
bill be closed on Thursday at three o'clock,
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Randall] moves to amend by inserting Friday
instead of Thursday.
Mr. BAN KS. I move to amend the motion
of ,the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] by making the hour five o'clock
instead of three.
The SPEAKER. One amendment is already
pending.
Mr. BANKS. If we are to give Thursday
for debate on this bill, we might as well give
the whole day.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection to that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's motion
will be modified accordingly.
Mr. DAWES. On further consideration I
prefer to leave it three o'clock on Thursday.
That will give us an hour or two to start the
consideration of the bill by paragraphs before
the adjournment on that day.
Mr. KERR. I would like permission to
say a few words before this vote is taken.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means has represented his desire in this mat-
ter, but he has had the kindness to say that
the committee generally do not concur in his
wishes in that respect.
Now, I want to say for myself, and I believe
several of my colleagues concur in the same
opinion, that I do not think we ought now to
attempt to limit the general debate on the
tariff bill in this way. I think it ought to be
allowed to run longer than the time proposed,
and that justice cannot be done to the House
and the committee unless it be allowed to run
longer. I think it is wiser, therefore, that we
should fix no limit, but let the debate run on
at least for a few days before we attempt to
limit it.
Mr. AMBLER. I desire to know if this
debate is in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. AMBLER. Then I object.
The question was taken on Mr. Randall's
amendment to fix Friday next at three o'clock
as the time forclosing debate, and it was agreed
to—ayes 69, noes 62.
The motion, as amended, was then agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tariff.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve'itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Why not
have a morning hour now ?
Mr. DAWES. Oh, let us go on with our
bill.
The question was taken on Mr. Dawes's
motion, and it was agreed to—ayes 79, noes 44.
Mr. L. MYERS. Before the House goes
into Committee of the Whole I desire to know
whether any action has been taken as to the
meeting to-morrow, and whether we are to
have a morning hour?
The SPEAKER. The Chair must insist that
some questions shall be decided, and the House
has decided to go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union (Mr. Sco-
field in the chair) and proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2322) to reduce
duties on imports and to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the first reading
of the bill be dispensed with.
Mr. AMBLER. Does that require unani-
mous consent?
The CHAIRMAN. It does.
Mr. AMBLER. Then I object.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. DAWES, (interrupting.) If it be in
order I move that the first reading of the bill
be postponed until the close of the general
debate.
No objection being made, the motion was
entertained and agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I desire
only to say that I am so anxious to proceed
with this bill that I do not intend to avail my-
self of the usual privilege of occupying any
portion of the time of the committee in open-
ing the debate. I shall reserve, with the
indulgence of the committee, such remarks
as I may think it proper to make to the closing
of the debate.
Mr. FINKELNBUR.G obtained the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to give
notice that at the expiration of the hour of the
gentleman from Missouri 1 shall move that the
committee rise so as to give us time to act
upon the report of the committee of confer-
ence on the legislative, &c., appropriation bill.
Mr. IiELLEY. I give notice that I shall
resist that motion if the gentleman from Mis-
souri should desire to consume more than an
hour. The bill before the House is a very im-
portant one, and if gentlemen who debate it
require a few minutes more than the usual
time, I hope it will be granted to them.
Mr. DAWES. 1 should be obliged to my
colleague on the committee if he would not
insist upon that.
Mr. F1NKBLNBURG. I have no desire,
whatever, to occupy more than an hour.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of the
Whole have no power to suspend the rule of
the House by which each person is entitled to
the floor for one hour, unless the House shall
otherwise order.
Mr. FJNKELNBURG. Mr. Chairman, the
tariff bill, which, after long continued and
weary sessions of the Committee of Ways and
Means, has been reported by a majority of that
committee to the House, is the result of con-
cession and compromise. It will, no doubt,
meet with much criticism from extremists on
both sides. It will invite the attacks of war-
faring politicians, of visionary schemers, of
those who want nothing done, and of those
who want everything done at once. And yet
it is a bill which has such positive merits as to
command the friendly support of every one
who will give it an unbiased, disinterested
examination, always keeping in view the pecu-
liar and difficult circumstances under which it
was framed. Its chief merit lies in this, that
after six years of peace it is the first bill re-
ported to the House by a regular standing com-
mittee which proposes to make a substantial
and general, though moderate reduction in the
war duties imposed upon the leading necessa-
ries of life, the staple articles of consumption
used by the people of the United States. It
is the first step in the scaling downward, the
inauguration of a policy of reduction, and as
such I bespeak for it the support of all friends
of revenue reform.
It is true the reductions proposed in the bill
are very moderate, so much so that the bill
may, with much apparent justice, be criticised
for not going far enough. It is not what I
would like to see, and far from my ideas of
true revenue reform; but Igave it my support,
firstly, because I want to accomplish some-
thing practical, and I felt that if we asked the
House to do more it would result in nothing
being done; and secondly, because I recog-
nize a fact which should govern all legislation *
of this kind, namely, that changes in a tariff
schedule, which more or less affect business
relations and values throughout a country,
ought to be made slowly and gradually, step by
step, leaving to the next year what remains
undone in this, until we arrive at that normal
point where the duties may once more assume
a permanent character as they did before the
war.
Such has been the practice of our country
heretofore ; thus it was that the country came
from the high duties of 1830 to the low duties
of 1840, and such must be the course of every
legislator who has a conscientious regard for
the welfare of his country, and of every true
revenue reformer who does not wish to see a
reaction produced by the evil results of hasty
legislation.
Upon the other hand, I believe it to be the
judgment of this House and of the country
that the time has come when the heavy and.
exceptional duties imposed during the late
war of the rebellion should be modified and
substantially reduced ; that neither the reve-
nue, the credit of the Government, nor the
industrial condition of the country demand a
continuance of those excessive and abnormal
duties, and that their prolongation is need-
lessly burdening the multitude ot consumers
for the benefit of a few producers.
To many it may seem unnecessary to enter
into any argument to show that these war du-
ties never were intended to be anything but
temporary in their character, and yet there
are those who since the expiration of the war
have attempted to clothe them with a new gar-
ment and to incorporate them into the per-
manent fiscal legislation of our country. That
they were never so intended abundantly ap-
pears by a glance at the laws imposing them
and the grounds upon which their adoption
was urged during the war. In the beginning
of the war these duties were raised simply as
a revenue measure, to increase the receipts of
the Government and to meet the extraordinary
expenditures of the war. Then came the in-
ternal revenue system, which levied extraor-
dinary taxes on our domestic manufactures,
and then in turn the duties upon foreign im-
ports were raised again to compensate our
home manufacturers for the internal taxes
which they were compelled to pay. I call
special attention to the latter fact because it
has an important bearing, an incontrovertible
bearing upon the propriety of reductions at the
present time.
The title of the act of July 14, 1862, by
which most tariff duties were increased, was
"An act increasing temporarily the duties on
imports." When it was brought before the
House for consideration, Mr. Stevens, then
