1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1033
ler] I agree with the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. faensworth,] but not as a substi-
tute for the pending amendment, because it
does not strike at the root of the evil. The
original amendment strikes at the root of the
evil; it provides,that laborers shall not be
removed at the instance of political commit-
tees, while this substitute leaves the appoint-
ments in the hands of the "boss laborers,"
so called; but the boss laborers hold their
positions only at the pleasure of politicians;
they can be removed at any time. Let one of
them staud up for a moment in opposition to the
dominant party, and he is instantly removed.
I think, therefore, that the substitute to the
amendment ought not to be adopted.
Mr. SARGENT. I would ask if in the last
Congress in the investigation upon the conduct
of Admiral Godon in connection with affairs
in Paraguay, where he refused for months to
carry the American minister to bis destination,
the House did not order a court-martial into
his conduct on that occasion?
Mr. SLOCUM. That is true, and, in my
judgment, a greater injustice was never done
to a noble sailor than was then done.
Mr. SARGENT. That is a matter of opin-
ion, and the House did not agree with the
gentleman. I simply calL attention to the
charges then made against him and the judg-
ment of the House to show that the Adminis-
tration may have had other reasons for remov-
ing him than those suggested by the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. SLOCUM. He was afterward placed
in charge of the navy-yard at New York.
Mr. SARGENT. After those acts m Para-
guay, by Mr. Welles; but he was removed by
this Administration after the action of the
House.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent that
the vote be taken on this amendmeut without
further debate, and when it is disposed of I
will move that the committee rise.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
The question being upon the substitute of
Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, for the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Hibbard, it was put; and
there were—ayes 45, noes 60.
Mr. HALE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Butler,
of Massachusetts, and Mr. Hiebard were
appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 75, noes 68.
So the substitute was agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to Mr.
Hibbard's amendment as amended.
Mr. COX. Is the amendment of the gentle-
man from New Hampshire as amended still
open to amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is, in the way of
addition.
Mr. COX. I move, then, to add to the
amendment of the gentleman from New
Hampshire as amended the following as an
additional proviso :
Provided, That laborers shall be employed in the
several navy-yards by the proper officers in charge
without dictation from political committees, and
without regard to the political sentiments of laborers
employed.
Mr. HALE. I make the point of order that
that amendment is the same- thing as that for
which the House has adopted a substitute.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken, and is sustained.
Mr. COX. Then I will leave out the words
"ofthe laborers employed," and change "the"
to '• their" before "political sentiments."
Mr. HALE. I raise the point of order that
that is the same thing.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
it is not precisely the same thing, and that the
amendment is in order.
The question was put on Mr. Cox's amend-
ment ; and there were—ayes 65, noes 69.
Mr. KING called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cox and Mr.
Hale were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 71, noes 64.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was then
adopted.
Mr. HALE. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Blair,
of Michigan, reported that the Committee of
the Whole had, according to order, had the
Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the bill (H. li. No. 1191) making
appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending Juno 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses, and had come to no resolution thereon.
bribery in impeachment trial.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to lay
before the House a resolution of a somewhat
peculiar nature, received from the Senate, and
which the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
In Executive Sessiox,
Senate of the United States.
February 13,1872.
Resolved, That the House of Representatives be
requested to furnish to the Senate, in executive
session, the testimony taken by tho committee who
investigated tho question of attempted bribery in
the impeachment trial of Andrew Johnson.
Mr. DAWES. In connection with that res-
olution of the Senate I submit the resolution
which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That tho Clerk of the House be directed
to furnish the Senate, in confidence, the testimony
taken by the committee who investigated the ques-
tion of attoinpted bribery in the impeachment trial
of Andrew Johnson, as requested by its resolution
of the 13th of February, 1872, and that the same be
communicated to the Senate in secrecy in executive
session; and that when no longer required by the
Senate it bo returned to tho House for its safe cus-
tody.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
destruction of steamboat property.
Mr. SHELL ABARGER, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution ; which
was read, and, under the law, referred to the
Committee on Printing :
Resolved, That five hundred extra copies of the
communication made to the House of Representa-
tives on this day, in response to the order of the
House in relation to the destruction of steamboat
property on the waters of the United States, be
printed for the use of the House.
commerce of schuylkill river.
Mr. IiELLEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1542) to regulate
the commerce of the Schuylkill river ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AMES: The petition of Albert Fear-
ing and others, in aid of the Boston and Hing-
ham Steamboat Company.
Also, the petition of Seth L. Ilobart and
others, in aid of the petition of the Hingham
and Boston Steamboat Company.
By Mr. ELDREDGE: The petition of
Sherman & Gowdy, of Beaver Dam, Dodge
county, in the State of Wisconsin, for an
amendment of the postal laws so that persons
known as regular dealers in newspapers and
periodicals may receive by mail such quanti-
ties of either as they may lequire, in bulk,
whether wholly or in part printed, and pay
postage thereon as received at the same pro
rata as regular subscribers to publications
weighing four ounces, who pay quarterly in
advance.
By Mr. FARWELL: A petition from the
Columbian iron-works, of Chicago.
Also, the petition of cigar manufacturers of
Chicago.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan: The peti-
tion of 45 soldiers, asking an amendment to
the homestead law.
By Mr. HANCOCK: The petitions of R.
M. Forbes and others ; of T. H. Spooner and
others; and of B. M. Lacy and others, asking
that the tax on cotton be refunded.
Also, the proceedings and memorial of the
Galveston Chamber of Commerce on the same
subject.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of 31 book-
sellers, manufacturers, &c., citizens of Phila-
delphia, protesting against the passage of an
international copyright law.
Also, the petition of Franklin B. Gowen
and 188 others, praying Congress to pass such
measures as will give free navigation to the
Schuylkill river.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of 40 citi-
zens of Merrimack county, New Hampshire,
for the removal of the duty on salt.
Also, the memorial of 100 citizens of Jo
Daviess county, Illinois, for the removal of the
duty on salt.
Also, the memorial of 30 citizens of San
Francisco, California, for the removal of the
duty on salt.
Also, the ipemorial of 20 citizens of Orange
county, Vermont, for the removal of the duty
on salt.
Also, the memorial of 20 citizens of Rutland
county, Vermont, for the removal of the duty
on salt.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The remonstrance
of Emanuel Kuhns and 336 others, in the em-
ploy of the Westmoreland (Pennsylvania) Coal
Company, against any change in the existing
tariff laws, and praying the repeal of all duties
upon tea and coffee, and that duties shall be
so adjusted as to encourage and defend every
home industry, and to foster the honor and
interests of the American laborer.
By Mr. McHENRY: A memorial praying
compensation for James A. Stevens while a
prisoner of war.
Also, the memorial of Nelly A. Smith, pray-
ing compensation for her husband, Thomas
Smith, while a prisoner of war.
By Mr. MONROE: The petition of John V.
Coon and 30 others, citizens of Elyria, Ohio,
praying Congress to make an appropriation
for the improvement of the harbor of Black
River, Ohio.
By Mr. RANDALL : The petition of type;
founders of the first congressional district of
Pennsylvania, against any reductiou in tho
tariff on printing types.
By Mr. E. H. ROBERTS: The petition of
George Bruce's Son & Co., type-founders, and
99 others, workers in their establishment in the
city of New York, against any change in the
tariff laws abating the duties on printing types,
now successfully produced in Ameriean foun-
deries, and praying a repeal of all duties on
the raw materials used in the production of
types, namely, tin, antimony, and type-metal.
By Mr. ROGERS: The remonstrance oi
citizens of Clinton county, New York, against
any reduction of duties on such articles as
may be successfully produced in this country,
and praying the repeal of all duties on teap.ud
coffee, and such other articles of necessity or
comfort as are not produced in the United
States. „ T ,
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of John
Peter Heinrichs, of Manitowoc, Wisconsin,
