1812.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Trumbull.
Senate.
to the opinions of the people by the passage
of three general amnesty bills, there would be
reasons enough, I think, to satisfy any reflect-
ing mind why such a bill should pass.
The committee charged with the investiga-
tion of affairs in the South, which has spent
much time and labor in inquiring into the con-
dition of things in that section of the Union,
come back and recommend the removal of
political disabilities, and why ? Because their
longer continuance is only a matter of irrita-
tion among the people, and is not required by
the public safety. These disabilities to hold
office were originally imposed not as a punish-
ment of the individuals, but as a measure of
public safety. The colored people of the South
are now voters ; they have become accustomed
to the exercise of the elective franchise, and are
in a position to know how to vote and protect
their rights; whereas at the time these disabili-
tieswere imposed it was apprehended that in the
new organization of State governments, if no
such disability was imposed, the leading men
in those States who had carried them into re-
bellion and who had managed them during the
war would take control of public affairs and have
it in their power to oppress the few Union
men among them and the colored men before
they had become accustomed to exercise their
rights and assert their independence. Hence
a provision was adopted excluding the leaders
in the rebellion from office till the State gov-
ernments should be reorganized and the newly-
enfranchised population should come to under-
stand their rights. As a consequence of their
disfranchisement, it has happened, andlregret
it, that inexperienced and sometimes corrupt
and dishonest persons in those States have
been elevated to the control of public affairs,
and the result has been that the people of
some of those States have been plundered by
their State governments without example in
the history of this country. While we have
allowed the sons, with less experience and
less character than their fathers, equally
rebels with them, to take office, we have ex-
cluded their fathers, who were acquainted
with public affairs, and who, whatever may be
said of their guilt as rebels, were neither rob-
bers nor thieves. Had public affairs in the
late rebel States been controlled to a larger
extent by men of political experience in those
communities, it would probably have been bet-
ter for them. I am sure the time has now come
when the people of all the States should be
permitted to elect and the Federal Govern-
ment to appoint whom they please to office.
The removal of political disabilities puts no
man into office. It merely authorizes the peo-
ple to express their own choice in the election
of whom they will.
Why can we not pass an amnesty bill in this
body? The Senator from Indiana will tell
you, perhaps, he is for amnesty. When the
first bill came here, now nearly a year ago,
efforts were repeatedly made to bring it to the
consideration of the Senate, and where were
these Senators who claim to be the peculiar
representatives of the Republican party ? Were
they not constantly found voting for any and
every motion that would lay it aside, and
finally adopting a resolution that precluded its
consideration during the session of last spring ?
And how has it been this winter? When it
was under consideration was ever a motion
made to lay it aside that it did not receive the
support of the Senator from Indiana? Was
ever a proposition made to amend it, no mat-
ter how absurdly, nor for what purpose, that
he did not give it his support? I think you
will find his name recorded ten times over, on
the yeas and nays, in favor of as many amend-
ments to the amnesty bill.
Why can we not take up one of the bills
now on the table and pass it? Mr. President,
the country will understand why. It does not
become me to speak of the motives of Sena-
tors, but the country will know that if two
thirds of the Senate were honestly in favor of
amnesty they would soon find a way to pass a
bill. The trouble is that some Senators are
not enough for amnesty to let us have a direct
vote upon it. It is shuffled off, and every
effort to come to a direct vote on one of the
House bills is voted down.
What conclusion will the country draw, and
especially what conclusion will it draw when
it reads one of the speeches made upon that
subject by the Senator from Indiana, in which
he held up to public gaze all the horrors of
the war? He seems to delight in opening
afresh all the wounds of that dreadful conflict,
and for what purpose? Is it to keep alive the
hates and animosities engendered by the war,
in order to accomplish some party purpose?
Is it supposed that the party can better suc-
ceed by keeping up hostility between the dif-
ferent sections of the Union ? Is it from envy
that the Senator from Indiana is unwilling
that the Democracy of Connecticut should be
in favor of amnesty? Why is it, if he is for
amnesty, as the Republican party is, as the
President is, as the people's Representatives
are, that we do not have his powerful support
to bring up one of these bills and pass it in a
day, as we easily could with his assistance?
Oh, Mr. President, he is not for amnesty if
the Democrats are for it! When indorsed by
the Democrats of Connecticut it becomes
essentially a Democratic measure ! Let me
commend to my friend from Indiana, who
seems to take pleasure in depicting the hor-
rors and sufferings of the war in order to keep
alive the animosities and hates it engendered,
a sentence or two from a book whose author-
ity, I am sure, he will respect:
" If ye have bitter envying and strife in your
heart, glory not and lie not against the truth. This
wisdom descendeth not from above, but is earthly,
sensual, devilish. JFor where envying and strife is,
there is confusion and every evil work. But tile wis-
dom that is from above is first pure, then peaceable,
gentle and easy to be entreated, full of mercy and
good fruits, without partiality, and without hypoc-
risy."
I would, Mr. President, in the_ interest of
peace and harmony and good feeling, that we
could, in the language of this resolution which
the Senator condemns, "demand, with equal
suffrage for all, complete amnesty for all."
The time has come when the peace of the coun-
try requires it. The time has come when, lay-
ing aside all malice and hate, we should culti-
vate kindly feelings and endeavor to govern
the country in the interests of peace. I assume,
then, that amnesty is not anti-Republican. To
refuse it, and strive to keep alive the hatreds
of the war by the constant exhibition of its
horrors, is to my mind not only unpatriotic,
but positively wicked.
The next resolution declares—
"That no form of taxation is just or wise which
puts needless burdens upon the people.'
That is another '' anti-Republican and essen-
tially Democratic'' principle, is it ? Then the
reverse of it is a Republican principle, and
that form of taxation is just which puts need-
less burdens on the'people. _ Is that the opin-
ion of the Senator from Indiana? He says that
the resolution is essentially anti-Republican,
Of course he means it. The Senator's speech
will have great influence on the country. It
will be circulated all over the land, and his
constituents and mine (for they all read what
the Senator says) will read the declaration
that these resolutions are essentially, not in
single instances, but "essentially, anti-Repub-
lican" and "essentially Democratic." I am
sure the intelligent Republicans of this land
will ask to be delivered from such sort of
Republicanism as desires to put needless
burdens on the people.
The next resolution relates to the civil ser-
vice, and declares—■
"That the shameless abuse of the Government
patronage for the control of conventions and elec-
tions, whether in the interest of individuals or of a
party, with its consequent corruption and demoral-
ization of political life, demands the thorough and
genuine reform of the public service."
That also I believe to be a Republican prin-
ciple. I know the Senator from Indiana has
commended our present civil service system
as the best in the world; but I know it has
been disclosed recently that the officials of the
Government are assessed for party purposes.
It has been recently disclosed that they are
used to pack conventions and primary meet-
ings. It is known that in this city the officials
of the Government have been banded together
for political purposes, and that assessments
have been put upon them for party purposes.
This was disclosed by a former Secretary of
the Interior, who strove to protect the subor-
dinates in his Department from political assess-
ments.
The present civil service system is demor-
alizing to the heads of Departments and mem-
bers of Congress. What more humiliating
than to see the members of this body and of
the other House dancing attendance in the
ante-rooms of the Secretaries, asking to have
appointed to office some favorite who had been
active in the canvass in their behalf at some
cross-roads, or among the members of the
Legislature that returned them to this body ?
No matter whether there is a place for him or
not, a place must be created. He has come
to Washington, perhaps from a distant State.
He rendered essential service to the member
in the canvass, and the member says, " You
must give him a place, Mr. Secretary."
But the Secretary replies, " We have no va-
cancy." "Well, make one for him; give
him a temporary appointment; it will never
do for him to go home to the district, he is
too important a man, without giving him a
position here. I promised it during the can-
vass, if I was elected." The Secretary does
not want a quarrel with the member, and he
assigns his friend some temporary position.
And, sir, when your appropriation bill comcs
in—a deficiency bill or a general appropriation
bill—you will very likely find an appropriation
of twenty, fifty, or one hundred thousand dol-
lars asked to pay for extra clerk hire and tem-
porary clerks. Do you think the member who
got his friend appointed a clerk will vote
against it? Do you think he will scan the
measures of the Department as he would if
he was not dependent upon its head for favors ?
Do you think the head of the Department is
free to discharge his official duty as he would
be if he were not afraid of the consequences
of disobliging members of Congress in the
favors they ask by way of appointments? This
whole thing is demoralizing to the public ser-
vice ; and while we have thousands of honest,
incorruptible, and good men in office, I doubt
not we have scores also who have taken the
offices, not for the salaries they are to receive,
but expecting to make money out of them in
some other way.
The great evil in our civil service system,
however, grows out of the manner of making
appointments and removals, and the use which
is made of the patronage, treating it as mere
party spoils. Often the patronage is used lor
purposes not rising to the dignity of even party-
purposes, but by certain individuals lor indi-
vidual and personal ends. It would be bad
enough if the patronage was used as mere
spoils for party, but it is infinitely worse than
that under our present system.
The Senator from Indiana, m his speech tne
other day, undertook to create the_ impression
that I was opposed to civil service reform.
Why, sir, I offered the very bill m this body
