188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
While it is true that Congress has the power
to fix one day for the election of members of
Congress throughout the United States, it is a
power which Congress has never yet exercised.
I confess to a disposition on my part to leave
something to the convenience of the States
themselves on this subject. I am willing to
leave it to them to fix the best time to suit
themselves for the election of the men they
send to this House as their Representatives.
The tendency throughout the country is, how-
ever. to uniformity in this matter. We have
fixed a uniform day for the election of elect-
ors of President. That is proper, for the pres-
idential office is a higher office. It is more of
a national office. The President is the President
of all of the United States, while a member
of Congress is a member only from his own
State. It is well enough to leave something
to the States themselves in this matter. Sev-
eral of the States have divers times for the
election of their members of Congress. Some
elect in September; others hold their elec-
tions in October. Pennsylvania, Ohio, and
Indiana hold their elections in October, while
other States have their elections at other sea-
sons of the year. But the tendency in all the
States is to uniformity in this matter. As they
change the time for holding the election they
are pretty generally fixing November. The
State of Illinois elected its members in August,
and it has now changed the time to November.
That, I believe, is the general tendency. I
hope, therefore, the committee will not incor-
porate any of these amendments in this bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 move to strike out the
last word of the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is not in order,
as the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is an amendment to an amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The point is well taken.
Sir. KELLOGG. Cannot I move to strike
out the last word of the original amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The question must be
first taken on the amendment to the amend-
ment.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Randall to the amendment of Mr.
Stevenson.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 69, noes 33; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the ruleappointed
Mr, Randall and Mr. Farnsworth as tellers.
The committee again divided; and die tellers
reported—ayes 95, noes 34.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 move to insert after
the word 11 Pennsylvania," in the amendment
just adopted, the word "Connecticut/' At
the suggestion of my friend from Vermont, I
will modify my amendment and move to insert
the^ words "Vermont" and " Connneciicut
and I offer the amendment for this reason:
although I hope the State of Connecticut will
amend its constitution so as to hold its elec-
tions only once in two years, and hold them at
the same time the presidential election is
held—on the Tuesday following the first Mon-
day in November in each year of a presidential
election—and the other alternate elections on
the like day of the year as the presidential elec-
tion, still our constitution at the present
time, so far as State officers are concerned,
compels us to elect them on the first Monday
in April in each year. Wo can change the
time of election of members of Congress by
law even for the next Congress, but we can-
not change the time of electing our State offi-
cers in season for the next Congress. We can
elect members of Congress on the Tuesday
following the first Monday of November by a
change of our laws, and without a change of
our constitution; but it will give us six elec-
tions in four years instead of five, as we have
now; and five elections are altogether too
many. We hope to get—and I hope my State
will soon come to it—an election once in two
years, or two elections in four years, instead
of five elections, as we now have. But to adopt
au amendment of our State constitution it
must first be passed by the lower house of the
Legislature, which will be in session in 1872,
after which it must lie over for one year and
then be passed by a two-thirds vote in each
branch of the Legislature, which will be in
session in 1873, and then it must be submit-
ted to the people for ratification.
Mr. DAWES. There are two States still
left out, Texas and California.
Mr. KELLOGG. Put them all in. I am
willing to include Texas and California also;
but I say it is impossible, and I hope gentle-
men of the House will understand me, it is
impossible for us to change our constitution
in a legal way, and without a revolution, at
least previous to the yeai- 1873; and for that
reason I think the State of Connecticut ought
to be inserted as well as the States of Maine,
Indiana, Ohio, and Pennsylvania.
Mr. McCRARY. I should wish to have
Iowa inserted in the amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG. I accept that also. I
trust we shall have'a uniform day fixed for
the election of Representatives in Congress;
but I do not think the State of Connecticut, or
any other State, should be compelled to hold
an additional election until they have had
ample time to change their constitution for
the election of other officers, if they choose
to change it.
Mr. McCRARY. I think, Mr. Chairman,
now that the question is before the House,
that there ought to be some provision made to
have one day for the election of members of
Congress throughout the country. In doing
this, however, there ought to be such provision
made as will save the necessity of a double
election in any State at the next election for
members of Congress. If the States which
have been named are included in the amend-
ment, I think there will be no difficulty any-
where in the country, and, if the amendment
be adopted, after the next election of members
of Congress there will be a uniform day for the
election throughout the Union. I hope, there-
fore, that, with the insertion of those States,
the amendment will be adopted. I yield the
remainder of my time to the gentlemau from
Vermont, [Mr. Willard.]
* The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has two
minutes of his time remaining.
Mr. WILLARD. I simply desire to state
what is the reason for inserting Vermont.
The constitution of Vermont requires that our
annual election for State officers should be
held in September. We cannot change that
constitution, if we tried, for eight years. We
are shut up now for eight years from alter-
ing our constitution, and shall be obliged to
hold a special election between the presiden-
tial elections for that purpose. For this rea-
son I think Vermont should be included in the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The debate on the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Kellogg] to the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] is closed.
The Clerk will again report it.
The Clerk read as follows:
After the word "Pennsylvania" insert the worda
Vermont, Connecticut, Iowa;" so that the proviso
will read :
Provided further, That this section shall not applv
to the State oi Maine, or to the State of Indiana,
or to the States of Pennsylvania, Vermont, Connee-
ticut, Iowa, and Ohio, unless sooner changed by an
amendment of the constitutions of said last-named
states, until the year 1876.
The question being taken, Mr. Kellogg's
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to strike out all
except the enacting clause of the pending bill,
and to insert the following in lieu thereof.
The Clerk read as follows:
That from and after the 3d day of March, 1873, the
House of Representatives shall be composed of two
hundred and forty-three members, to be apportioned
among the several States in the manner directed
in the next section of this act.
Seo. 2. 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state his point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is that the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Bright] is not an amendment to that of
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] on the subject of a uniform day of elec-
tion. This is a substitute, and there is one
substitute pending already.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will rule
after the amendment is read.
The Clerk having resumed and concluded
the reading of the amendment offered by Mr,
Bright,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Tennessee thattlie
amendment he offers will evidently be in order
at the proper time. The question now before
the committee is the amendment offered by the
gentiemanfrom Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
as amended. There is a substitute already
pending, and the Chair decides that that should
be disposed of before another substitute is in
order.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have no desire to offer
my amendment out of order, so that I have
the opportunity of bringing it in at the proper
place. That is all I desire, and I will with-
draw it for the present.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. It is whether, when we reach
the consideration of the substitute of thegen-
tlemanfrom Pennsylvania, [Mr. MERCUR,]the
proposition of the gentleman from Tennessee
will not be in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will enter-
tain the amendment of the gentleman from
Teunessee as au amendment to the substitute
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SFORM. I move to strike out the last
word of the enacting clause, merely for the
purpose of correcting a mistake which was
made yesterday in the calculation upon the
basis of representation. My distinguished
friend from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] antagonized
the position taken by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cox,] and asserted that his calcu-
lation was wrong. I contend, Mr. Chairman,
that the calculation made by the gentleman is
correct. The mistake that the gentleman from
Ohio made in his calculation is this: that he
treats the apportionment as if it were to be
made among the whole population of the Uni-
ted States, without regard to the Constitution ;
but I call his attention to the second section
of the first article of the Constitution, which
says:
"Representatives and direct taxes shall beappor-
tioned among the several States which may be in-
eluded within this Union, according to their respect-
ive numbers, which shall be determined by adding
to the whole number of free persons, including those
bound to service for a term of years, and exclud-
ing Indians not taxed, three fifths of all other per-
sons," &c.
The apportionment must be made among the
several States. We must treat the populaiion
as the population of the States, and not as the
population of the entire United States, and for
this reason: that several of the States have not
the population which makes up the ratio which
the gentleman makes his divisor. For instance.
Delaware has not that number, Nevada has not
that number, neither has the State of Ore-
gon the requisite number; and certainly the
population of those States must be dedue'ed
from his dividend, and if the dividend be thus
diminished he will get a different number of
Representatives for some of the States.
I say again, that the position which the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cox] took jes-
terdny, when he stated that Rhode island would
suffer a deduction of one member, is coireot,
and is correct upon the principles of mathe-
matics. It is said that figures will not lie, and
