86
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[February 23,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French, Agents—Mr. Trumbull.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
which became a law under which the civil ser-
vice commission was organized. I introduced
bills here years ago in favor of a reform in the
civil service, and especially to break up this
running of members of Congress to the Depart-
ments begging for offices. In my judgment,
there is nothing more disreputable or which
interferes more with the proper discharge of
public duty than this hanging around the skirts
of power begging for offices for friends.
But the Senator says that I commented on
the report of the civil service commission and
objected to some of its features. True, sir, I
do not believe that the great evil in the civil
service system in this country is a want of
scholarship ; but, at the same time, I am not
opposed to a proper examination. That may
be well as to some offices, but I do not think
that a simple examination into the qualifica-
tions of the candidate for office will remedy
all the difficulties.
The next resolution is the one opposed to
centralized authority, in which it is declared—
" That looal self-government, with impartial suf-
frage, will guard the rights of all citizens more
securely than any centralized authority."
And so I fully believe. If there was one thing
that our fathers prized more highly than any
other in the organization of their governments
in this country, it was the right to make their
local laws and manage their local affairs. It
is the great protection of the citizen, and
when the time shall come, if it ever does,
that all the powers of Government shall be
centered here at Washington, in the hands, I
care not, whether of one or of five hundred
men, it will be an imperial despotism and the
people will have surrendered up their best
protection against the encroachments of arbi-
trary power.
I know the Senator from Indiana has pro-
mulgated a different doctrine from this. I
know that he has announced it as a principle
of our system of government that the States
possess only such powers as are conferred upon
them by the Constitution of the United States;
but there never was a greater heresy. Why,
sir, just the reverse of this is the truth. The
States possess all powers not taken away
from them by the Constitution of the United
States, and such is the very language of the
instrument itself:
"The powers not delegated to the United States
by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the
States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to
the peoplo."
All these reserved powers belong to the
States or the people of the States. They do
not belong here at all. This General Govern-
ment is a Government instituted for general
purposes, to manage the affairs which are
national, and not to interfere with those which
are local.
The Senator from Indiana commented par-
ticularly upon one branch of this resolution in
which it is declared that it is time to stop "the
resort to unconstitutional laws to euro the Ku
Klux disorders, irreligion, or intemperance,
and the surrender of individual freedom to
those who ask that the practice or creed of
some shall be the law of all." To that the
Senator from Indiana objected. Let me ask
the Senator if he is in favor of an unconstitu-
tional law for the purpose of suppressing Ku
Klux disorders? Why, sir, I am as much
opposed to Ku Klux disorders as the Senator.
I think that men who put on disguises and go
through the country scourging and whipping
and murdering innocent people deserve to be
visited with the severest punishment, and
without mercy. Their conduct as exhibited
in the reports laid on our tables is atrocious in
the extreme. I would bring them to justice,
and the very fact that they were found upon
the highways with disguises on, prowling about
assassin-like to whip, scourge, and murder
innocent people, should be sufficient to subject
them to the severest condemnation. But, sir,
I want no unconstitutional laws to do it.
Either in the Constitution of the United States
or in the constitutions of the States you can
find the amplest authority for bringing to jus-
tice and punishment these marauders and out-
laws.
The Senator from Indiana condemns the
declaration that says unconstitutional laws
should not be resorted to. I say they should
not; but I say constitutional laws should be
enacted to stop these disorders. In my opinion
the committee of investigation which was sent
to the southern States to inquire into these
disorders has by exposing them done great
good. I have no doubt that the mere exposure
of these outrages will do much, and has done
much to stop them. But, sir, I would go fur-
ther than that, and bring these marauders to
justice, to condemnation, and punishment,
wherever I could detect them; but not uncon-
stitutionally.
No man was for more energetic measures
than I was while the war raged. I believed
that war meant desolation, destruction, and
death, and for humanity's sake I would have
made it terrible while it lasted and have ended
it in the shortest time. When the war was
over, I was no longer for devastation and death.
In my opinion the Constitution gave all the
power necessary to crush the rebellion, and
there never was any occasion in the height
of the war to exercise any but constitutional
authority. The Constitution authorized Con-
gress to make war, and with war go the incidents
of war. It authorized Congress to put down
insurrection, and in putting it down the au-
thority to use all the power necessary to accom-
plish the object was given.
I do not propose now to discuss the Ku Klux
bill. I gave my views upon it when it was
pending. I could not support it because I be-
lieved it unconstitutional in some of its features,
not because I was not for visiting the utmost
rigor of the law upon these violators of it; but
there was no occasion for such a law as we
passed. There was no authority for it in the
Constitution, as I believed, and I could not give
it my support. Why, Mr. President, without
that law the armies of the United States
could have been used to aid the civil officers of
the law just as well as with it. Authority has
existed in the statutes of the United States
from the beginning to call upon the General
Government for assistance in any State of the
Union wheredomestic violence prevails to such
an extent as to disturb the public peace and
cannot be put down by the State authorities,
and the marshals of the United States in exe-
cuting the process of the United States courts
could always have called for the Army and
Navy to stand at their back if necessary to
enable them to execute the authority of the
law. I should not take so much time upon the
Ku Klux bill had not the Senator from Indiana
lugged it in in his remarks the other day.
One of the provisions of that bill authorized
the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus.
Now, Mr. President, what is that writ, and
when may it be constitutionally suspended?
It is that great writ of right wrested from the
British Crown hundreds of years ago for the
protection of the citizen, and it is all the pro-
tection he has against arbitrary power. Sus-
pend that writ of right, and those in authority
may take your wife and your child and im-
mure them in a prison at pleasure, and you
shall never be permitted to inquire the cause.
Nay, more, they may take your life, and your
friends shall never inquire the cause. Sus-
pend that great writ of right, and there is no
protection left for the citizen. He is at the
mercy of arbitrary power to do with him as it
will. Our fathers knew this, and they were
unwilling to trust with any President, with any
government they should establish, except in
cases of invasion or rebellion, the authority to
imprison the humblest citizen without giving
him the right to inquire into the cause of his
imprisonment before the judicial tribunals of
the country, and to be discharged in case it is
without authority of law.
That, sir, is this great writ of habeas corpus.
It authorizes the humblest citizen in the land
deprived of his liberty to make application
to a court and know the cause, and there is no
power in Presidents, or Governors, or Con-
gresses even, to prevent that inquiry, and his
discharge if his imprisonment is illegal. Our
fathers knew the value of that great writ, ^nd
when they made this Constitution, when they
formed this Government, they said that neither
the President of the United States nor the
Army of the United States might take its
humblest citizen and hold him in confinement
without being compelled to state the cause,
and without his having the right to be dis-
charged if illegally imprisoned. They have
said in the plainest language which human
ingenuity could employ—
" The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall
not be suspended, unless when in cases of rebellion
or invasion the public safety may require it."
Sir, not even in Gase of rebellion, not even
when the country is invaded by a foreign foe,
can Congress and President both together sus-
pend this great writ, unless the public safety
also requires it. Now, Mr. President, has
there been any invasion of the United States
since the Ku Klux bill passed? lias there
been any rebellion in the United States since
the Ku Klux bill passed? No, sir, neither;
and without an invasion or without a rebel-
lion the authority does not exist to suspend
that great writ. Neither did the public safety
require it, as has been demonstrated by the
result, because all the persons, so far as I am
advised, who were arrested by the military
authority have been brought to trial so far as
it was thought proper to bring them to trial.
They have not been punished by military tri-
bunals, but they have been brought before the
judicial tribunals of the country and there
tried, which it was entirely practicable to have
done without a suspension of the habeas cor-
pus. But whether that be so or not, one thing
is certain: we have no right, as Senators
sworn to support the Constitution, to pass any
unconstitutional law for any purpose what-
ever ; and it is only against unconstitutional
laws that this resolution is aimed.
The last resolution of this series, which is
pronounced as anti-Republican and as essen-
tially Democratic, declares:
"That true Republicanism makes it not the less
our duty to expose corruption, denounce usurpation
of power, and work for reforms necessary for the
public welfare. The times demand the uprising of
honest oitizens to sweep from power the men who
prostitute the name of any honest party to selfish
interests."
Is not that right?
"We, therefore, invite all Republicans who de3ire
the reforms herein set forth to meet in national mass
convention at Cincinnati on the first Monday of May
next."
Now, Mr. President, has it come to this, that
Republicans in this country advocating reform
shall not be permitted to meet together for
consultation? The Senator says they will meet
together to nominate a candidate for President.
What is hisauthority for that statement? The
resolutions do not say so. For aught I know,
it is a meeting of Republicans loyal to the
Republican party for the purpose of carrying
out reforms based upon the principles of that
party ; and shall not Republicans be permitted
to assemble peaceably together for such a pur-
pose without being stigmatized as unfaithful to
party? Why not? What is the objection to it?
I should hope that there might be a thousand
