19 HO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
be required to take and be bound by the
opinion of a board of examiners as to what
persons are qualified?
To state the point in anotherform : suppose
the President, in violation of such a statute,
should appoint a person possessing all the
qualifications required but who had not been
examined by the board, would not such an
appointment be perfectly legal? Under the
Constitution I insist that the President (or the
head of a Department, or judge of a court, as
the ease may be) can appoint any citizen pos-
sessing the qualifications required by law, and
the appointing officer is tojud^e of and decide
upon the fitness of each applicant, and can-
not be compelled to take the opinion of an
examining board and to shut his eyes to all
other light. Any person who is in fact quali-
fied may be appointed, and the appointing
officer may ascertain the facts in regard to
qualifications by such means as seem to him
best. He cannot be required to assume that
only three men in the country are qualified
because only tint number have been examined
and certified to him as qualified. If, therefore,
these rules were enacted into the form of a
statute, they would not bind an Executive who
did not choose to be bound bv them.
Another and very serious objection to this
system is, that it takes the responsibility for
appointments from the President and heads
of Departments and places it practically no-
where. If an official proved unfaithful under
the old system, full as it was of faults, the
Administration was held, in a measure at least,
responsible; but under the new system, the
appointing officer can say of such an official,
" He stood at the head of the l.stas presented
by the examining board, and his appointment
had to be made.'' The examining board will
shield themselves by the plea that his exam-
ination was eminently satisfactory. Let the
number of offices to be filled by appointment
be curtailed as far as possible, hut let the power
to make appointments be placed in the bands
of,the Executive unreservedly, and let him
stand before the country as responsible for
them. Do not make him the mere instrument
of executing the will of others, but in so far
as he-appoints at all lethim be the real appoint-
ing power.
But again, is there not a serious objection to
declaiing by law that no man shall have an
office unless he seeks it and travels perhaps
to Washington to appear before a board, and,
in the confessed character of an office-seeker,
to submit to the humiliation of a public com-
petitive examination and take all the many
chances of success? Is there not something in
the idea that the office should seek the man,
and not the man the office? Will not such a
regulation disgust the best men in the conntry
and deter them trom applying for positions in
the civil service? 1 think it, will.
In this connection let me add that it is in-
tegrity, incorruptible honesty, that is needed
in public official. These are qualities not to
be discovered by a competitive examination.
It is ot vastly more importance that a post-
master, revenue collector, or the head of a
bureau should be a man of high characer for
rectitude in business, for private morality and
devoted patriotism, than that he should excel
all others in penmanship or in his proficiency
in any or all the branches of a first-class educa-
tion.
_ Another, and I think an insuperable objec-
tion to this system is the difficulty of carryitigit
into effect. Will a board of examiners travel
the country over so as to examine applicants
at their places of residence'.' 1 apprehend
such a roving commission will hardly be
thought expedient or proper. It would cer-
tainly, if at,tempted, fail altogether to furnish
equal opportunities to all the people. Will
boards be organized iu each locality ? If so,
who is to examine the examiners, and decide
tfeat they are fit, competent, impartial, and
proper persons for the exercise of their almost
autocratic powers? Under this plan their
numbers would be legion, and as they would
control all local appointments, how important
that they be the right men in the right place.
Suppose the office of postmaster in Cali-
fornia shall become vacant, the salary being
more than two hundred dollars, will the Post-
master General send a commission to Califor-
nia to examine applicants for the place, or
will he require .all applicants to come to
Washington for examination? The former
would certainly not pay ; the latter would be
the most outrageous injustice. Will he then
appoint a board of examiners for California
composed of residents of that State? If so,
I ask again, might he not with equal safety,
and much less trouble and expense, appoint
the postmaster at once ? It is said the special
agents of the Post Office Department will make
these examinations, but these special agents
have not been appointed with any reference
to any such duties, and are, many of them,
entirely unfit for them.
Besides, the rules require an examination
by a board, and not by a single individual.
To send a special agent over the country with
poiver to decide who may and who may not be
appointed to the office of postmaster is hardly
in keeping with the spirit of our republican
institutions. The old system of consulting the
member of Congress representing the district
in which the officer is located may have been
bad, but surely this would be worse.
For these reasons, and others which I might
name, I have no faith in competitive examin-
ation as a cure for the evils of the civil ser-
vice. To recapitulate briefly, I iusistthat this
remedy will fait—
1. Beeause it does not provide against re-
movals without cause, and hence does not
secure pcrmanency of tenure.
?. Beeause it assumes that the evil gro-vs
out of incompetency among officers, which is
not the case, and that competitive examin-
ations would secure greater competency and
efficiency, which is not so.
3. Because it favors unjustly the highly
educated, and discriminates unjustly against
those less favored, but not less competent.
4. Because it cannot bs made permanent.
5. Because it cannot be made legally bind-
ing upon the appointing power.
6. it invites office-seekiug, and excludes
those who will not personally seek for official
position.
7. Because the all-important question, "Is
he honest?'' cannot be settled by it.
8. Because it cannot be practically applied
to many of the offices of the country.
9. Because it takes away the responsibility
of the appointing power,
I do not complain of the President for adopt-
ing the report of the civil service commission.
I believe he did right. That board was com-
posed of able and eminent men, and it was
due to them and to the country that, their plan
should have a fair trial. Nor can the com-
missioners be blamed. They were limited by
the act Congress to "prescribing rules and
regulations for the admission of persons into
the civil service," &c. The questions of
removals and of official tenure were not
within the scope of their powers. In my
opinion the result of their labors is the best
possible illustration of the fact, that our legis-
lation did not touch the vital evils, and there-
fore did not open the way for thorough re-
form. I hear complaints made against the
President and against the civil service com-
mission because these rules are not satisfac-
tory. It may be questioned whether the rules
are the best that could have been framed under
the act: but certain it is that the act itself is
very far from what it ought to have been, and
therefore Congress should accept its full share
of the blame, if blame there be. For myself,
however, I am disposed neither to censure nor
blame the President, the civil service commis-
sion, or Congress, but rather to rejoice at what
has been done by each. Not that the best
thing or the right thing has been done, but
because by what has been done this great
question has been brought prominently before
Congress and the country, and has been so
much agitated that it must and will have a
solution.
THE ELECTION OF FEDERAL OFFICERS BY THE PEOPLE.
When the Constitution was adopted, the
question how postmasters should be chosen
was doubtless considered as of little conse-
quence. The office is not mentioned by name
in the Constitution. The framers of that in-
strument, wise and far-seeing men as they
were, could have had little conception of the
wonderful growth of the postal system of the
United States which seventy five years has
developed. And the system is yet in its infancy.
In fifty years from to-day we shall doubtless
have one hundred thousand post, offices in the
United States.
At the time of the adoption of the Consti-
tution there were only seventy five post offices
iu the Union ; on the second day of the pres-
ent month there wore thirty-nine thousand
nine hundred and fifty. The increase during
the last nine months has been nine hundred
offices. The number of post offices was—
In 1800  9o3
In 1805  1,558
In 1810  2,300
In 1815  3,000
In 1820  4,5CD
In 1825   5,677
In 1830  8,450
In 1835 10,147
And from 1835 to the present the increase has
averaged over eight, hundred per annum.
Why should the forty thousand postmasters
which we now have and the one hundred thou-
sand which we shall have in half a century
more be appointed by an officer at the se?t of
Government, who can in the nature of things
know nothing personally about the person ap-
pointed? Is there any good reason for con-
tinuing this system ?
The theory of this Government is that all
power is derived from the people. I believe
in this theory, and would reduce it to practice
as far as possible. Public offices must some-
times, it is true, be filled by appointment, but
they are supposed to be thus filled by the
agents and servants of the people, and there-
fore indirectly by the people themselves. To
make good our theory we should allow offices
to be filled by appointment only in cases
where there is something in the character of
the office or ol its duties to make appoint-
ment the better mode. In every case where
it is practicable local officers should be chosen
directly by the people whose servan's they arc
to be, excepting a few, such as judges of the
courts and clerks in certain Government offices.
If the amendment to the Constitution which 1
have proposed shall be adopted, the details
wid be of course for Congress to arrange by
determining what local officers shall be elected,
and providing the mode and manner of hold-
ing the elections.
There is no officer of the Government, State
or national, who sustains toward the people for
whom and with whom he transacts public busi-
ness^ such intimate, important, and delicate
relations as the postmaster sustains to the com-
munity whose correspondence passes through
his hands. It would seem that it there is any
officer in the Government who ought to be
chosen directly by the people he is to serve, it
is the postmaster. He i.-T, perhaps, the only
public officer with whom alt the people have
to deal, and he is certainly the only one with
whom most of the people in his neighborhood
are compelled to have almost daily inter-
course, I suppose for such an office the aim
should be to get a man who would best saiisfy
the majority of the people. Ho v cm thn
President or the Postmaster General know
