3722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Maj 21,
wholly insensible to attacks of that sort, then
I know of no associate of mine on this side
who is that member, and I pray that Senator
always to recollect that remarks such as ho
has indulged in to-night are not calculated to
increase I he harmony of our association here,
and certainly are not warranted, I beg him to
remember, by anything in the relations which
exist between him and any of us of the minor-
ity on this side.
Air. FRELINGHUYSEN. I simply want
to say that I certainly did not understand,
when this unanimous consent or agreement
was arrived at, ihat we were to stay here all
night, and it was the most absurd arrangement,
for seventy-four sensible men to make that 1
can conceive of. The only purpose ot racking
an arrangement at all, the only reason lor it,
was because we were drawing toward the end
of the session. Nobody supposes we can sit
here day in and day out in continuous session.
If we are to slay here until eleven o'clock to-
morrow morning before we are bound by this
agreement to take the vote, which is the con-
struction of the agreement insisted upon, we
certainly must lose the succeeding day.
J do not suppose any of ns looked at it crit-
ically ; but the understanding would hardly
he—it was not with me, at all events, and 1
have a right to speak for myself—that we were
to stay here all night and this debate continue
up to eleven o'clock to-morrow. There are a
number of things I should like to say but I
want to get a vote. Perhaps they were not
of very much importance.
I cannot agree entirely with the Senator
from Calilomia. Of course there has been
some unpleasant altercation here ; but I cer-
tainly ihmlc that the Senator Irom New York
was perfectly couiteous and had a perfect
right, and with peifect propriety addressed
himself to the Senator from Maryland, and I
cannot think that the Senator from Maryland
.would take any offense at it. That there was
this unpleasant misundeistanding in reference
to it we all regret; but 1 wish at all events
the Senate would now after the Senator from
Maryland has concluded his remarks let us
vote.
Air. CARPENTER. As this proceeding is
assuming the form of a love-feast, and as I
have transgressed the understanding of the
rule as it, is entertained by lite Senator from
New York, i desire to explain my conduct.
1 have spoken upon this sunject since twelve
o'clock. When 1 do not know anything, I
alwais apply to my friend Irom Maine, [Mr.
Ha.mux,] and not knowing precisely what this
understanding would mean in legislative phrase,
1 applied to liim, and he inlormed me that if
■we sat here three weeks we were i-itting here
On Tuesday, provided we did not adjourn; and
when I hear that, older read, which is that we
shall vote before we anjourn on Tuesday, I
have not the s ightest idea that that means
that we can sit it out until eleven o'clock to-
morrow, and I should infer without the inform-
ation which 1 received from my fiiend from
Maine, from whose judgment there is no ap-
peal, in my estimation, that we can sit here
any iiumber of days if we do not adjourn ; it
would still be the legislative Tuesday, although
it might bein lacton the Calendar Wednesday,
or Thursday, or Friday, or Saturday, it is
true those days would drop out of the Calen-
dar, but still it would be Tuesday until we ad-
journed, and that is precisely what tliat order
says. It was with that understanding that t
ventured to state to the Senate very briefly
the grounds oti which I should vote in favor
of this hill.
Now, 1 do not believe there is the slightest
ocea-iou for any unpleasant feeling here be-
tween any of tliese Senators. The Senator
from New York had his understanding ot this
rule, and slated it as he did understand it.
The Senator from Ohio may have had a.totally
difi'eieut understanding of it; but taose Sen-
ators are certainly both of them men of alto-
gether too much character, too much honor,
too much kindliness of feeling, too much gen-
tility and softness of nature, to have any sort
of feeling about an houest misunderstanding
of this kind.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the Senator from
Wisconsin, as he has stated, did ask what was
a legislative day, and my recollection is that I
stated that according to the practice of the
Senate it was a continuous session of the day
commencing upon the morning, however long
it might last. That, I believe, is in accord-
ance with the practice of this body. I think
I have a recollection of one session since I
have been here where it was continuous for
two days. But on looking at the order under
which we are acting, I think its phraseology is
such that there might be well a disagreement
as to what it means ; and if I had had my
attention called to the order, the precise man-
ner in which it is written, I certainly should
have answered the Senator from Wisconsin
different from what I did. I think under this
order our session terminated at twelve o'clock.
I cannot see any other construction to be
placed upon it; and yet without looking at it
I should have said we were sitting here as
regularly after twelve o'clock under this order
as before. Now, sir, let me read the lan-
guage of the order:
"And that it be continued, subject to recess and
adjournment, until disposed of before adjourn-
ment."
If the language of the order had stopped
there, it would have been a continuous session
extending beyond twelve o'clock; but I find
here two other words, " on Tuesday." What
is Tuesday? That refers to Tuesday in a secu
lar sense, and Tuesday surely expired at twelve
o'clock this night. This order, therefore, when
fairly construed according to its" own terms,
was limited by twelve o'clock at night. With-
out the two words qualifying ii, the session of
Tuesday would have continued until we ad-
journed the session, whenever that might have
been ; but it, says shall be " disposed of before
adjournment oil Tuesday." If we run past
twelve o'clock, then we violate the order, be-
cause we do not dispose of it on Tuesday. It
should have said, to give it the construction
now contended for by the other side, '"until
disposed of before the adjournment of that
session." That is what it should have said to
allow us to run by twelve o'clock ; and still I
say very frankly, under the practice of the
Senate and without looking to the language
of the order, I should have supposed we were
not limited at twelve o'clock ; yet taking that
language precisely as it reads, I think it did
limit us to twelve o'clock.
Mr. THUKMAN. I was not in the Senate
when that agreement was made. Before that
agreement was made, as will be remembered,
there was a colloquy upon the subject of com-
ing to some agreement. A proposition was
made to take the vote at a particular hour of
some day that was named. To that the Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. StevensoxJ objected,
if I recollect aright., and there was a general
expression of dissatisfaction or of dissent, I
do not know whether so loud as to be noticed
by the reporters, but a general expression of
dissent on this side to fixing any hour for
taking the vote on this bill, but a willingness
to sit it out on a day, and 1 proposed myself,
if my recollection is right—1 am sure 1 did—
that we should take those two days, Friday
and Saturday, for other business, and that the
Senator from Pennsylvania should agree that
this bill should be taken up at twelve o'clock
on Monday, and that we should sit it out
Wednesday, giving us three days.
That was not agreed to, and the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] proceeded to
make his speech, and was followed by the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Pratt.] it was
while I was out of the Cnamber that this agree-
ment was made. Not then having seen the
agreement, and never having seen it until
about five minutes before it was read to-night
by the Clerk, I supposed that the agreement
was that we should sit it out. on this niaht, and
I think that is the agreement. I think that is
the purport of it, for here is the distinction:
the distinction is between taking a vote at an
hour that is named and sitting the bill out.
That is the distinction. If there had been an
intention to take this vote at a particular hour,
that would have been named. The absence
of any hour at which it is to be laken shows
lhat is simply an agreement to sit the bill out.
So I understood it. And now when it is said
that that was our understanding. I beg leave
10 re'er to what was said on this subject as
reported in the Globe of Saturday. That was
the understanding we had. But 1 do not liud
fault with anybody who think differently upon
that subject. How was this matter? While I
was out of the Senate for a moment, the Sen-
ator frotn New Yoik, it appears, rose to make
an appeal to the Senator Irom Maryland; he
was speaking when I came in, addressing him-
self to the Senator from Maryland, and it
seemed that he was making an appeal to him
to forego speaking on the bill, if 1 could judge
from what lias been said since. In the course
of his remarks he said, as I understood him,
that the minority on this floor had proposed
that the debate should commence on Monday
and conclude on Tuesday. I spoke up here in
my seat and corrected that error of hi-i, that
we had proposed no such thing. What I pro-
posed, without consultation with anybody, was
that the debate should commence on Monday
and that we should sit it out on Wednesday.
Then it was that the Senator from New York
turned on me in a manner that it seemed to
me was entirely unwarranted, and made re-
marks that seemed to me, at least, to impute
bad faith to the minority here. It was not
because he might disagiee with us as io ihe
interpretation of the lule. but it  ai the seem-
ing imputation of bad faith to us which stung
me, and which was offensive to others.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, it seems
to me that while there has evidently been, as
there may be perhaps, au honest misunder-
standing on this quesiion, the construe ion
given to this order by the Senator from Maine
is the only one which gives any sense or any
meaning to t he agreement. The very ol-j-ct of
this agreement was to prevent, a niglit session.
If we desired on the part of the majority to sit
this bill out by a trial of strengi h and enduiance
we could do that withoutcoiiMilting the minor-
ity. It was to prevent this very tiling th it the
agreement was made; oihenvise we could have
done just what we are doing now without any
agreement,, that is to say, sit here until from
sheer physical exhaustion we are compelled to
take the vote.
Mr. President, I very seldom differ from my
fiiend from California [Mr. Casseiu.yJ upon
anything except politics ; but, 1 cannot agree
vvitti him in the remarks which he made wuh
regard to the bearing of the Senator from New
1 York. The Senator from New York made an
appeal to the Senator from Maryland perfectly
respectful, perfectly kind, not imputing any
bad fj.iih to him or any one else, but remind-
ing him that in the. opinion of the speaker
we were unconsciously violating an agreement
that we had made, calling his attention io ir.,
and asking that it might, beas~umed its the rule
of the Senate. 1 he colloquy that took place
between him and the Senator from Ohio I will
not allude to. They arc both able to take care
of themselves, and I do not wish to draw the
wrath of either of them upon myself. [Laugh-
ter ] But, Mr. President, 1 think that there
was nothing in what the Senator from New
York said to the Senator from Maryland to
e-i.ll forth the censure of the Senator foin
California.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Rhode
Island is so great an authoiity in this Cham-
ber on rules of parliamentary practice, as well
as upon matters of much higher concern, that
