1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
they will not lie of themselves if gentlemen do
not maketbem lie; but I am afraid that in this
case my distinguished friend from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] has been guilty of mathematical
subornation of perjury. [Laughter.]
Mr. EAMES. I rise for the purpose of
answering the statement of the gentleman on
the other side. I understand the statement to
be made by him that in the event that we take
from the aggregate population of all the States
the population of Delaware, Nevada, Oregon,
and Nebraska by the calculation he makes-
the State of Rhode Island would lose one mem-
ber. I have had occasion to look into this
matter, and I admit that if the rule is applied,
to deduct from the aggregate population of the
whole country the population of the Territories
and of those States which have not a sufficient
number of inhabitants to entitle them to a _Rep-
sentative here, but who have a constitutional
right to representation upon this floor, to wit,
the States of Oregon, Nebraska, Delaware, and
Nevada, when their population is deducted
from the aggregate population of all the States
it will undoubtedly reduce the dividend, and
reduce, of course, the ratio of representation.
I do not know to what precise extent it will
reduce it; but I do know from calculations I
have made that there has been no estimate
made, no statement presented to this House
from any quarter, whether from the Secretary
of the Interior or from the suggestions made by
members here in relation to the matter, that
would throw Rhode Island out and reduce her
representation. I am happy to say this.
Take the tabular statement which has been
prepared and laid upon our desks, and you will
find that on dividing the population by '280, if
that is fixed as the number of which the House
shall be composed, Rhode Island has a frac-
tion over a moiety ; that she has a population
entitling her to one Representative, and a frac-
tion over a moiety for an additional Represent-
ative. And if it is so under the number 280 in
that tabular statement, it is so also in relation
to anv number that exceeds that, whether 281,
282, or 283.
There was also another tabular statement
presented by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,] in which he fixes the ratio by de-
ducting the number of citizens that are abridged
of their right to exercise the elective franchise
from the aggregate population of the whole
country, Exclusive of the Territories, and put-
ting the number of the House of Represent-
atives at 280, making that the divisor in order
to find the ratio of representation. In that case
Rhode Island is brought in having a fraction
over a moiety. That is so, of course, with 281,
282, or 283, if either number should be agreed
upon for this House. The same result is pro-
duced upon the ratio named by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] with a House of
two hundred and eighty-three members.
I say, therefore, that upon any tabular state-
ment that has been made here, or of any fig-
ures that can be made from those tabular
statements, whether from individuals or offi-
cial quarters, Rhode Island would come in
"with a fraction greater than a moiety. That
is the only rule that ought to be applied.
This apportionment is to be made for the
period of ten years. It is a question of vital
interest to the people of every Slate in this
country. It is of as much interest to Rhode
Island, and no more so than, to any other
State. In my judgment, the only rule that
ought to be applied is, after an equal division is
made, to give to each State an additional mem-
ber if it shall have a fraction over a moiety.
Such has been the legislation of this country
from the first organization of the Government
under the Constitution, except when the first
number (sixty-five) was fixed in the Consti-
tution itself, which was done by an arbitrary
assignment. As to the next apportionment,
made in 1792, after the first census was taken,
we find that the rule is applied there, that
after you have fixed the ratio to be necessary
for one Representative on this floor, the popu-
lation of each State is to be divided by it, and
wherever a fraction exceeds a moiety, in that
event the State is to be entitled to an additional
Representative.
So it continued, running down through the
other apportionments of 1811,1822, and 1832,
and until we come to the apportionment under
the sixth census. Then, by the statute it is
expressly declared to be the rule that when-
ever a State has a fraction over a moiety, in
that event it shall be entitled to an additional
Representative. It was not until the legisla-
tion of 1850 that we find any departure at all
from that rule. It was then changed by fixing
a certain number, to wit, two hundred and
thirty-three, for the number of members of
which this House should be composed, not
only during the decade for which they made
that apportionment, but that it should be the
rule for all time to come. That Congress, the
Thirty-First, I think, undertook to prescribe
a rule for the decade which now commences,
and for all time. It departed from the prin-
ciple that had been followed for years before
that time, and by the Constitution itself, in
fixing the ratio. It undertook to prescribe
that there should be a certain number, two
hundred and thirty-three, and that that num-
ber should be increased only by the addition
of members from States thereafter to be ad-
mitted into the Union. It did more than that;
it violated the principle which had been acted
upon by the Government from its organization,
and declared that after a certain number had
been assigned among the States by an equal
division, the number necessary to make the
whole number should be given to those States
that had the largest fractions. It did more
than that; it took from this House the right
to make the apportionment, and gave it to
the head of one of the Departments.
What I say is this: that under any just and
equitable rule that can be made we must give
an additional Representative wherever the
fraction exceeds a moiety, and that upon any
figures made upon any tabular statement used
here Rhode Island comes with a moiety en-
titling her to a Representative.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon the pend-
ing amendment has been exhausted.
Mr. STORM. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I renew the amendment
for the purpose of correcting the gentleman
who, in the hurry of his statements, has sim-
ply reversed the order of things that took place
on this floor yesterday. I was notified yester-
day that I was mistaken in my calculation.
The impression went to the House that upon
the hypothesis which I assumed I had made a
mistake. I repeat here to-day, after delibera-
tion, that any mistake I made was a mistake
against my own position. I expressly said
yesterday that my statement was general. I
answer the gentleman further, that I demanded
an exact calculation. I have made it since.
I stand upon it, and I defy contradiction. I
say that Rhode Island, according to the pro-
visions of existing law, to which I alluded
yesterday, as to the mode of computing the
representative population of this nation, is
entitled, upon the basis of representation set
forth in the bill of the gentleman from Illinois,
to two Representatives, and has a fraction in
excess of a moiety of not merely three hun-
dred and twenty-five, but twenty-two hundred.
Mr. STORM. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. STORM. I ask the gentleman whether,
in his dividend and in his method of making
the apportionment under the bill, he does not
treat the States of Delaware, Oregon, and
Nevada as each having one hundred and thirty-
six thousand inhabitants ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have not treated them
at all otherwise than as stated in the report
of the Secretary of the Interior. I took the
whole number of representative population in
every State of this Uniou as stated in the
report of the Secretary of the Interior and chal-
lenged by nobody. The position I assumed yes-
terday, and which the gentleman will find re-
ported in my remarks, was that the true method
of ascertaining the ratio of representation was
prescribed by law for twenty consecutive years;
and I believe it is in accordance with all the
preceding action of the Government, and is
the law to-day. That is the point the gentle-
man overlooks. He undertakes to state here
that I misinterpreted the Constitution. Why,
sir, the whole nation, according to the gentle-
man's logic, has been misinterpreting the Con-
stitution from the foundation of the Govern-
ment. The law of 1850 declares that the
whole representative population of the nation
shall be ascertained; that the aggregate of
the whole representative population shall be
divided by 233, the whole number of Repre-
sentatives provided for in that act, and that
the product shall be used as the divisor of the
representative population in each State. That
is the law. I stand upon it; and I will read
it now in the hearing of the House:
"Sec. 25. Andbe it further enacted, That bo soon
as the next and eachsubseiiuentenumeration of the
inhabitants of the several States, directed by the
Constitution of the United States to be taken, shall
be completed and returned to the office of the De-
partment of the Interior, it shall be the duty of the
Secretary of the Interior to ascertain the aggregate
representative population of the United States, by
adding to the whole numberof free persons in all the
States, including those bound to service for a terra
of years and excluding Indians not taxed, three
fifths of all other persons; which aggregate popula-
tion he shall divide by the number 233, and the pro-
duct of such division, rejecting any fraction of a unit,
if any such happen to remain, shall bo the ratio, or
ruleof apportionment, of Representatives amongthe
several States under such enumeration; and the said
Secretary of the Department of the Interior shall tlien
proceed, in the same manner, to ascertain the repre-
sentative population of each State, and to divide the
whole number of the representative population of
each Stateby the ratio already determined by himas
above directed; and the product of thislast division
shall be the number of Representatives apportioned
to such State under the then last enumeration."
I have followed, sir, the practice of the
Government and the law. I admit that the
law is not obligatory upon us if it is not in
accordance with the Constitution; but I sub-
mil that the nation has always acted upon it,
and it has never been challenged until this
debate, when the gentleman, in the exigency
of the moment, sees fit to raise this question.
I say that act gives the true rule.
Mr. MERCUR. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. MERCUR. I understand the gentle-
man to say that that law of 1850 remains in
force, has not been modified, changed, or im-
paired. I wish to ask him whether it was not
changed or modified by the law of March 4,
1862, by which the number of members of this
House was increased by the addition of eight.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; that does not
change the principle T am talking about at all.
And let the gentleman produce the act to which
he refers. He ought to remember the words
of Coke, that he should be ashamed to report
the provisions of a written statute without pro-
ducing it. I undertake to say that the principle
to which I refer has been changed by no law.
Mr. MERCUR. Did not the act of 1862,
increasing the number of Representatives, mod-
ify the act of 1850?
Mr. BINGHAM. Iunderstand that; but it
does not change the pri nciple a hair's breadth.
[Here the hammer fell.)
Mr. COX. I do not intend to go into any
discussion about arithmetic.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order, that this whole discussion is not perti-
nent to the amendment now pending and next
to be voted on.
Mr. COX. Then I will move to strike out
the last word of that amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is not in order,
for there is an amendment to the amendment
pending.
