1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
42d Cong....2d Sbss.
Chicago Belief BUI—Mr. Sutherland.
Ho. of Reps.
Republicans assembled at Cincinnati, and I
wish the Senator from Indiana could go there
and catch some of the inspiration of the re-
formers who declare for emancipation, for
equality of civil rights, for the sovereignty of
the nation, and for all the great principles for
which we have contended; I should hope it
might have a salutary effect upon him.
The men who assemble at Cincinnati may
be able to present their views in such a form
as shall lead to their adoption by the whole
Republican party; and is such a meeting to
be denounced as anti-Republican because it
favors reform? Has it come to this, that Re-
publicans, faithful to all the principles of the
party, but hostile to official corruption and
dishonesty, shall not be permitted to meet
together to combine and give force to their
views without incurring the displeasure of
•other members of the party? Sir, I recognize
no such party allegiance as prohibits the inde-
pendent thinkers of the Republican parly from
consulting together for the promotion of what
they believe to be the best interests of the
nation.
The principles enunciated in the Missouri
platform denounced by the Senator from In-
diana as anti-Republican are the principles
upon which the Republican party has won all
its triumphs, and which will go down to pos-
terity upon the annals of the future history of
the country as constituting its proudest record.
They are the principles for which I have always
contended ; and, God helping me, they are the
principles for which I shall contend to the end.
Chicago Relief Bill.
SPEECH OF HON. J. G. SUTHERLAND,
OF MICHIGAN,
In the House of Represextatives,
February 24, 1872.
The House having met for debate as ill Commit-
tee of the "Whole oil the state of the Union—
Mr. SUTHERLAND said:
Mr. Speaker: The bill lately introduced
in this House commonly called the "Chicago
relief bill" has not yet become a law, and I
am persuaded it will not, if attention is called
to the effect it would have, if passed, on the
interests of other localities.
In all the legislative action of this body
affecting the city of Chicago there has been
evinced a kindly sympathy for the victims of
the great calamity that lately befell that city.
There has been a general desire to mitigate
that misfortune by any proper Federal legisla-
tion, and to supplement the voluntary dona-
tions contributed by the whole civilized world
by any measure of governmental aid not in-
compatible with the general interest. The
local resources to rebuild Chicago are con-
fessedly ample, and the enterprise of her peo-
ple is proverbial. I confess that I have shared
the general feeling that has pervaded this
body. I have, however, felt obliged to vote
against this bill. I deem it of the highest im-
portance to my constituents that its true char-
acter should be pointed out and impartially and
dispassionately considered.
This proposed relief to Chicago is not claimed
as a right; it is asked as a matter of grace, a
gratuity. As a gratuity it is claimed, and pre-
cedent has been cited in support of the claim.
We are admonished, therefore, to consider
well every act of an exceptional character,
and to discountenance it unless we are pre-
pared to sanction it as a precedent It would
be invidious to pass a law which will confer a
favor, which will amount to the payment of a
bonus to compensate a severe loss from acci-
dental fire, unless we are willing to tender a
Government charity to soften any other calam-
ity, whether it come from inundation, ship-
wreck, or pestilence. The circumstance that
a single city, conspicuous for its bold enter-
prises, notable for rapid growth, proud in its
expected expansion, has been desolated by a
fire unparalleled in the extent of its devasta-
tion, will have great notoriety, and the power
deeply to move all generous natures to con-
tribute relief. The calamity considered as a
whole is almost beyond comprehension; it
shocks and astounds us. Our individual for-
tunes appear paltry to afford aid that can be
sensibly felt to mitigate such a direful visita-
tion ; but the aggregate contributions from the
world's resources, unlocked by the first start-
ling announcement that Chicago"was in ashes,
was a tangible sum. When we go upon the
ground and consider this great misfortune as
it was practically felt, we find it divided among
multitudes. Of course it chiefly fell upon res-
idents, but not entirely. The Chicago fire
was, as every other fire is, the cause of
individual losses; their name is legion, the
sum of them grand and fearful. No individual
sufferer is, however, any more entitled to aid
from the Government to diminish his loss
than any other sufferer from a like cause ;
nor should the Government recognize his case
as exceptional merely because so many were
made sufferers at the same time and place.
The multitude may and will be more likely to
inspire ostentatious charity than an isolated
instance of loss, but the Government, which
should look with an equal eye on all its sub-
jects, will see in every victim of inevitable
misfortune, whether he suffers alone or suffers
in company with a few or many others, the
same right to receive aid.
This bill will divert from the Treasury of
the United States a sum of money equal to the
duties that would without change in the law
be collected on the material that will be used
in rebuilding the city. That amount has been
estimated at $400,000, and is arrived at from
the data of the fire at Portland in 1866. _ The
duties on building material there used in re-
building amounted to $21,000, and the esti-
mated damage by the fire was $10,000,000.
This bill is no more defensible on general
principles than would be a bill appropriating
a specified sum in the Treasury to be distributed
proportionately according to the cost of the
new structures among the parties who erect
them. It provides for collecting the duties and
afterward refunding them. When refunded
the repayment will, of course, occasion a defi-
ciency in the same manner as if paid pursuant
to a direct appropriation. If the person who
rebuilds is the same person who owned and
suffered loss in the destruction of a former
building on the same ground by the late fire,
his loss, under this bill, will be diminished
to the extent of the duty refunded; but as this
bounty is payable, or will accrue to those
persons only who erect new buildings—and
the bill applies to them indiscriminately—a
man who has purchased at a reduced price
the site from the former owner, ruined by the
fire, will share the advantage which is asked by
this bill, though he had no part whatever in the
losses or has otherwise actually profited by the
fire. Those who suffered by the destruction
of either houses or goods, but do not choose
to rebuild, or are unable to do so, are not pro-
vided for at all. If it is intended to repair in
some degree the injuries done to private for-
tunes by the fire, certainly this bill lacks one
essential element of fairness. It does not affect
to extend the aid to all the sufferers, nor to con-
fine it to those who did suffer. It is a bounty
offered to those who undertake to rebuild, and
does not assume to show kindness or afford suc-
cor to those whose lost property was goods,
nor to those who were so utterly prostrated
that they had no alternative but to sell the
ground on which their fortunes were wrecked.
Since it makes no pretension to favor all the
sufferers, since it passes over some that lost
most heavily, it will only add emphasis to the
objection of partiality to suggest that it does
not contain any general provision that all other
persons within the United States paying duties
on imported building material, to rebuild after
a fire, shall have such duties refunded. But
it must be obvious, even to the dullest under-
standing, that if by force of the Portland pre-
cedent this bill passes for the especial benefit
of the few sufferers who can avail themselves
of the boon it offers, it must, as a recognition
of that precedent, and an extension of it to so
large an amount, commit the Government
through all succeeding time to relieve in a like
beneficial way all who suffer in person, land, or
goods from any cause for which they are not
responsible. If the Government accepts the
benevolent duty to make up a percentage of
this loss to any class, why should it not under-
take to mete out a full and complete indemnity
everywhere, not only against fire, but all other
casualties ?
The Government cannot stop short of this
extreme if it enters at all upon this eleemosy-
nary field. The precedent which is urged to
justify this bill, and which is put forward more
prominently to require its passage to prevent
the inference of invidious preference for Port-
land, is a vicious one. It ought not to be fol-
lowed. The Government ought not to become
a dispenser of charity, and no time is more
suitable than the present to ignore that prece-
dent, and thus cure the vice of that inconsid-
erate legislation.
I should leave the discussion of this bill to
other gentlemen on this floor who have more
especially the duty of guarding the Treasury
against such diversion of the national funds,
were it true that this bill would have no other
effect than to deprive the Government of the
moneys measured by the duties it is proposed
shall be refunded.
The remission of duties to builders is the sole
ostensible object of the bill; that is the great
benefaction, according to the face of the bill;
but the loss of the Government by repayment
of these duties would be a mere bagatelle com-
pared to other effects which that bill, as a law,
would produce. The real object is to reduce
the price of all the articles to which the bill
applies, to all building materials, and there
can bo no doubt that as a law it would cause a
reduction of the price to the extent of the duty.
This effect is admitted by the advocates of this
measure, and that the amount of that reduc-
tion on the articles needed to rebuild Chicago
alone will amount to $20,000,000.
There will not be one price for purchasers
who buy in rebuilding Chicago, and another
price to other purchasers; the effect will be to
depress the price of all the articlesused for
building purposes while the act is in force.
The amount, of values that would be so de-
stroyed is incalculable. The producers of
such articles, and the merchants dealing in
them, who have investments in the business
made on the faith that they would enjoy equally
with all other classes the fostering care of the
Government, would by this measure be made to
bear a loss quite equal to that caused by the
fire to Chicago. And the sacrifice so put upon
this class is not to repair the Chicago loss, but
the forced contribution levied upon them and
the industries they support would be diffused
and scattered broadcast to all purchasers at
Chicago and elsewhere. Considering the stu-
pendous proportions of the evil impending
threatened by this bill, it is not strange that a
protest should be made against it by all tne
commercial organs of the country. That wrong
cannot be localized. It will alarm and shock
the whole Northwest; it will send rum and
