1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1035
J. k 0. M. Dailev be taken from the files of the Sen-
ate and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. SCOTT, it was
Ordered, That J. S. Fell. Edward Hoopos, and
George Burnham, trustees of the Walnut Grove
Gold Mining Company, of Arizona, praying remun-
eration for property destroyed by Indian depreda-
tions, have leave to withdraw their petition and
papers from the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. SCOTT, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of John
Montgomery, praying compensation for the use and
occupation of property by the Army, be withdrawn
from the files of the Senate andreferred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask for an order that the
communication of the Secretary of War, em-
bodying one from the chief of ordnance rec-
ommmending certain improvements to the
harbor of St. Louis, and on the Mississippi
river from Alton to the mouth of Merrimac
river, be returned to the Senate, so that it may
go to the other House. It was referred to the
Committee on Commerce. As the House
originates appropriation bills, I ask that those
papers be taken from the committee and re-
turned to the Senate for the purpose of being
transmitted to the House.
It was so ordered.
REPORTS 01' COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 508) for the relief of certain tribes in
the northern superintendency, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a petition
of citizens of the United States, praying an
appropriation for a custom-house and post
office at Shieldsborough, Mississippi, asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds ; which was
agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER, from the Committee
on Patents, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 138) for the relief of John B. Emerson,
reported it without amendment, and submit-
ted a report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am directed by the
Committee on Pensions, to whom were re-
ferred the petitions of William George, Anna
J. Lamberton, and Patrick Robbing, praying
the allowance of arrears of pension, to report
adversely, on the same ground on which we
have reported in other cases of the same kind.
The committee were discharged from the
further consideration of the petitions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed by
the same committee, to whom was referred
the petition of John Caleb, praying to be
allowed a pension, to report adversely, on the
ground that after a careful consideration of
the evidence we are not satisfied that he is
entitled to any pension.
The committee were discharged from the
further consideration of the petition.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. The Com-
mittee on Patents, to whom was referred the
petition of William Sellers and Coleman Sell-
ers, praying for permission to file their appli-
cation for an extension of their patent with
the Commissioner, have had the same under
consideration, and have instructed meto report
adversely. The failure to apply to the Com-
missioner appears to have been clearly negli-
gence, and therefore the committee do not
propose to grant authority by Congress for an
extension. The committee recommend, there-
fore, that the bill (H. R. No. 896) to enable
William Sellers and Coleman Sellers to make
application to the Commissioner of Patents
for the extension of letters-patent for an im-
provement in coupling for shafting be post-
poned indefinitely.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
BLUE EARTII RIVER.
Mr. CORBETT. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to report a bill declaring
the Blue Earth river, in the State of Minne-
sota, not to be a navigable stream; and I ask
for its present consideration, as it is a matter
which will not, I presume, be objected to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires
unanimous consent. Is there objection ?
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
643) declaring the Blue Earth river, in the
State of Minnesota, not to be a navigable
stream, was read three times, and passed. The
preamble recites that the Blue Earth river, in
Minnesota, has been meandered and recorded
as a navigable stream, but it is of no practi-
cable use for the purposes of navigation, and
therefore the bill declares that it is to be con-
sidered in contemplation of law not a navi-
gable stream.
LEVI W. L'OND'S PATENT.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Committee on
Patents, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
624) confirming and extending a patent-right
to Levi W. Pond and Eau Claire Lumber
Company, have instructed me to report it back
without amendment. This bill was reported
unanimously by this committee during the last
Congress and passed the Senate; but, as I
understand, was not reached iu the House of
Representatives. It is unanimously reported
now; it will lead to no debate, and I ask for
its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. By it the rights described in
the letters-patent granted on the 4th day of
August, 1808, to Levi W. Pond and Eau Claire
Lumber Company, of the county of Eau Claire,
and State of Wisconsin, and citizens of the
United States, to an invention therein described
and referred to, are granted, confirmed, and
extended to Levi W. Pond and Eau Claire
Lumber Company, their heirs and assigns, for
the full term of seventeen years from the 1st
day of Juue, 1870, notwithstanding that the
invention may have been to some extent pos- |
sessed and enjoyed by the public prior to the
date of the application for the letters-patent,
which was filed on the 23d day of January,
1868, the invention so granted and confirmed
being described in the letters and application
as an "improved device for sheering booms;
letters-patent No. 80663, dated August 4, 1868;
Levi W. Pond, of Eau Claire, Wisconsin, as-
signor to himself and Eau Claire Lumber Com-
pany, of same placebut all rights and priv-
ileges heretofore sold and granted by the
patentees to make, construct, use, or vend the
| invention, and not forfeited by the purchaser or
grantees, are to inure to and be enjoyed by
such purchasers or grantees respectively _ as
fully and upon the same conditions, during
the period hereby granted, as for the term that
did exist when such sale or grant was made.
Any pefson who had, more than two years
prior to the date of the application for the let-
ters-patent, bona fide erected or constructed
any such machine or structure for the purpose
of putting the invention into use in any of its
modifications, is to have and enjoy the right
of using the invention in any saeli specific |
machine or structure so actually erected more j
than two years prior to the date of the appli- I
cation for the letters-patent, in all respects as j
though this act had not been passed; but no ;
person, without grant or license from the pat- j
entees, or their assigns, is to have or enjoy by j
virtue of this act any other or greater priv- j
ileges or rights than he would have or enjoy '
if the act had not been passed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PORT OF DELIVERY AT SHREVEPORT.
Mr. KELLOGG. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
550) to constitute Shreveport, in the State of
Louisiana, a port of delivery, have_ had the
same under consideration, and have instructed
me to report it with an amendment; and I
ask, as it is very short and will lead to no
debate, that it be put on its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Commerce was to strike out all after the
enacting clause and in lieu thereof to insert
the following:
That Shreveport, in the State of Louisiana, be,
and is hereby, constituted a port of delivery within
the collection district of New Orleans; and there
shall bo appointed a deputy collector of customs to
reside at said port, who shall, in addition to his own
duties, perform the duties prescribed by the act of
Congress, approved March 2, 1831, " for importing
merchandise into Pittsburg, "Wheeling, and other
places," and who shall receive as compensation a
salary not exceeding $1,500 per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
NAVAL PENSIONS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Iam directed by the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 457) to place on the naval
pension-roll the names of the widows and
minor children of Newton H. Adams and
John Rudenstein, to report it back with the
statement that while it appears that these
people ought to be equitably entitled to a pen-
sion, we think that others similarly situated
ought to fall in the same class; and therefore,
while we report this bill without any opinion
and ask to have it postponed, we at the same
time report a bill which will grant them the
relief and also all those who stand in the same
class. Therefore I report this House bill with-
out expressing an opinion, asking that it be
postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar, and the new bill now
reported by the Senator will be read.
The bill (S. No. G44) amending the act
approved July 27, 1868, entitled "An act
relating to pensions/' was read twice by its
title.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This bill I ask may be
acted on now, as it merely corrects a miscon-
struction of a word in the pension law.
The bill was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It amends the second section
of the act of July 27, 1868, entitled " An act
relating to pensions," by inserting after the
word "commissioned" in that section the
words " or was at some naval station."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask unanimous consent
to pass the bill now, for the reason that it is a
bill to relieve these two widows who come
within the equity of the statute, and other
widows so situated whom the Pension Office
declined to allow pensions to because their
husbands in the naval service, although at a
naval station and performing duty and receiv-
ing injuries in the line of duty, did not fall
within the letter of the statute. By the same
section officers in the Army who are at a post,
fort, or garrison, and in the line of duty, in
time of peace, if they are disabled, receive a
pension: but by the omission of one word,
which was evidently a clerical omission, the
words " at a naval station," when weturn over
to the naval side of the satne section, are omit-
ted. While a naval officer, a surgeon, or sailor
is on his way to a naval station, if he receives
an injury, a pension is given to him now; but
if he has got there and entered upon his duty,
by the construction of the Pension Office, he is
not entitled to it. The reason for the bill is
so plain and proper that I hope the Senate
will pass the bill at once.
The bill was reported to the Senate_ with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed tor a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
GEOBfiK w. MORSE.
Mr. PERRY, of Connecticut. The Com-
mittee on Patents, to whom was referred the
petition of George W. Morse and the bill (S.
