. 1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2827
on the home production in the shape of
reduced prices, and on the imported articles
in the shape of reduced duties.
Hence the bill, if passed, will with an appar-
ently small reduction of revenue afford great
relief to the people. For instauce, our reduc-
tions upon cotton goods amount to only
$778,075 upon the revenue derived from for-
eign importations, but while we import about
twenty-six million dollars in cottons, the home
production is about seven times as great, and
the reduction will affect the whole consump-
tion, foreign and domestic. We reduce on
woolen goods $4,300,525 of revenue on an
importation of $42,000,000, while the esti-
mated home production is $156,000,000, or
nearly four times as much. We reduce on
iron, steel, and its manufactures, apparently
only $2,923,141 on an importation of $43,-
000,000, but the home production of these
articles amounts to about one hundred and
ninety-five million dollars, or about four and
a half times as much.
So it is with the great article of leather, of
which the home production is $195,000,000, or
twenty-eight times as great as the foreign im-
portation, and so I might go on with lumber,
copper, salt, and numerous other articles pro-
vided for in the bill, and I think I am not
exaggerating when I say that the twenty mil-
lions nominally reduced in our bill will indi-
rectly work a saving of from seventy to eighty
millions to the people. And this result is
accomplished by such moderate reductions as
not to interfere with the legitimate prosperity
of existing American industries in the least.
The proposed reductions taken separately
are so small as to operate entirely within the
margin of profits at most, and do not involve
the abstract questions of protection or free
trade at all, and hence I do not think that even a
discussion of those fundamental principles and
theories can legitimately arise out of this bill.
The reductions are of such a character as to
leave ample protection to any industry in the
land, even on the protectionist's own ground.
They simply tend to divest some of them of
that superabundant protection which smells of
monopoly, and which it was never intended
they should enjoy after the close of the war,
and to bring them within the healthful rules
of competition which even the theoretical pro-
tectionist admits to be desirable.
With the exception of a few articles like
coal and salt, the reductions average, in most
cases, but twenty per cent, on existing rates.
To do less than that would, in my opinion,
afford no appreciable relief to any one. The
reduction on woolen goods is less than twenty
per cent., and it is no reduction at all on the
protection which the woolen manufacturers
claimed and obtained in the wool and woolen
tariff of 1867, as I will presently show. Yet
I believe it is this portion of the bill in par-
ticular to which the distinguished gentleman
from Massachusetts, chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Mep.ns, and other mem-
bers from that State, object. Woolen goods
are one of the great necessities of life; next
t.o food perhaps the greatest. T refer to ordin-
ary cloths, women and children's dress goods,
blankets, &c. Certainly there is no article
affected by the tariff excepting salt, which is
so much of an article of prime necessity as
woolen goods. It comes home to every man's
family, and their use is absolutely unavoidable
in a civilized country by rich and poor alike.
Now, the duties upon this article of prime
necessity are among the most odious in their
rates and adjustment in the whole tariff
schedule. The duty being mainly a specific
one, that is, so much a pound, without refer-
ence to quality, it is comparatively low on fine
cloths and extremely high on the lower class
of coarse goods, such as are used by the poor,
running up to between one and two hundred
per cent, on ordinary cloths, and I am told as
nigh as three hundred per cent, on some quali-
ties of blankets, thus affording a complete and
iniquitious monopoly to the manufacturers of
that class of goods.
Then, again, on all cotton mixed eloths the
duty is enormously high and virtually pro-
hibitory, for the reason that under this specific
duty of so much a pound the cotton substance
is of course weighed with the woolen portion
and pays a like duty, although the value of
such fabrics is of course much less than the
all-woolen goods. This has resulted in a
great increase of this not very desirable class
of goods in this country. I have some samples
here from which any one can see how this
tariff operates on cotton mixed goods. These
samples, it will be observed, show exactly how
much cotton there is in the body of the cloth,
the wool having been extracted out of one end
of the samples by chemical process. All this
cotton pays duty as woolen goods, and thus it
is that the duties marked on the samples are
so high, every one running over one hundred
per cent, ad valorem, and yet these very goods
are necessarily worn by the poorer classes.
I will not blame Representatives from those
districts in which the great woolen manufac-
tures are located for stickling about the small
reduction proposed in the bill. They are, no
doubt, very faithful to the interests of their
particular locality ; but upon the other hand,
I submit to them that to have made a revision
or reduction of the tariff with woolens left out
would have been like the play of Hamlet with
Hamlet left out. Now, what do we propose
to do about woolens in this bill? The duty on
woolens is a double duty; that is, it consists
of a specific and an ad valorem, the former
being the largest.
This specific duty, which is calculated by
the pound weight, was intended as an equiva-
lent for the duty on the raw wool used in the
cloth, which the manufacturer is supposed to
pay. This was so agreed upon in the cele-
brated wool-growers' and wool-manufacturers'
convention at Syracuse in 1866, where the
basis of our present wool tariff was laid.
Thus when cloth pays a specific duty of fifty
cents a pound, it is supposed to represent the
duty on the four pounds of raw wool which go
into one pound of cloth. Now, it is apparent
that if a reduction of twenty per cent, is made
on the raw wool, and a like reduction of twenty
per cent, on the specific duties on woolens, it
leaves them relatively in exactly the same
position as before, and the cloth manufacturer
still gets just his equivalent for the duty he
pays on the wool, which is all that the specific
duties were ever intended to cover.
This is just what we propose to do by this
bill. We propose to take a fifth from the
duties on the raw material and a correspond-
ing fifth from the specific pound-weight duty
on the manufactured article, and hence I say
the reduction on the specific duties on cloths,
dress goods, &c., does not trench on the man-
ufacturer's protection or profits in the least;
on the contrary, it will probably benefit him,
for his chief complaint has always been the
high duty on the foreign wools which he must
have to mix with the American for many
kinds of cloths, and, besides, we propose to
relieve him from the ten per cent, additional
duty on Cape wools which he is now compelled
to pay, while we have put many of his dye-
stuffs on the free list.
But now I come to the other branch of the
duty, the ad valorem, which on nearly all
woolen goods is thirty-five per cent. This fig-
ure was arrived at in the following manner by
the same convention to which I have referred:
the manufacturers said they must have twenty-
five per cent, protection over and above the
compensatory specific duty to which I have
alluded; and they still further claimed that
the internal revenue taxes which in one shape
and another they were obliged to pay at that
time amounted to ten per cent, on their pro-
duct, for which they claimed a further compen-
satory duty of ten per cent, ad valorem, making
the total ad valorem thirty-five per cent.
In order that there shall be no doubt on this
point in the mind of any one I will read from
the statement of the executive committee of the
National Association of Wool Manufacturers
relative to the duties on wool and woolens,
addressed to the United States Revenue Com-
missioner in 1866, and wbich was adopted and
enacted into a law by Congress in 1867. They
say:
" The provisions proposed by the committee and
rendered necessary by the proposed change in the
duties on wool aim to accomplish two ohjects: first,
to fix the specific duties at rates which shall be sim-
ply compensatory for the duties on the wool and
other material; and, seoondly, to establish an ad
valorem duty which, besides providing for the reve-
nue tax on manufactures, shall leave the manufac-
turer simply a net protection of twenty-five per
cent. With some exceptions, the reasons for which
will be specially explained hereafter, the ad valorem
duty on manufactures of wool and worsted is fixed
at thirty-five per cent., ten per cent, being fixed as
an equivalent for the internal revenue tax of six
per cent, on manufactures and on articles consumed
in manufacturing, and twenty-five per cent, as pro-
tection to the manufacturer. That ten per cent, is
not more than an equivalent for the six per cent,
revenue tax, will appear from considering that the
customs duty being levied on the foreign value and
the internal tax on the home value, a larger per-
centageof the formerthan the latter will be required
to make a given sum. To state a case for illustra-
tion quite closely conformable to present home and
foreign values, a yard of cloth sells in our market
fur $2 50, which would cost abroad only $1 50. In
that case exactly ten per cent, customs duty would
be required on the latter sum to equal the six per
cent. Internal tax on the former. In the case stated,
the ten per eont. would not bo a full equivalent for
the whole internal revenue tax, as such taxes must
also be paid upon articles consumed in manufactur-
ing."
When the secretary of the Wool Manufac-
turer's Association appeared before our com-
mittee this winter, I asked him whether ten
per cent of the present ad valorem duty did not
represent internal revenue, and he admitted
it. Now, all the bill proposes to do is to strike
off five per cent, from the ad valorem, making
it thirty instead of thirty-five, although every
tittle of internal revenue on manufactures has
been repealed, and my opinion is that the
whole ten per cent, should have been struck
off, which would have left to the manufactur-
ers all which they themselves claimed wheu
they fixed up this tariff, namely, a net protec-
tion of twenty-five per cent., while in the bill
we leave them thirty. Is there anything to be
alarmed about in that proposition? if they
cannot stand a reduction of five per cent, out
of thirty-five, and that, too, given as an pquiva-
lent for a thing which no longer exists, what can
they stand, and when are we ever to get back
to anything like a normal condition of things?
I suggest to the gentlemen from New England,
and particularly to the distinguished gentle-
man from Massachusetts, that his well-known
statesmanship can afford to rise above mere
local considerations in this matter of duties on
woolens, and that the good of the whole coun-
try demands a substantial reduction in this
very important article of consumption.
On cotton fabrics we propose a reduction of
about twenty per cent, on the higher duties,
leaving those which do not exceed thirty-five
per cent, to stand as they are. I believe no
candid person familiar with the condition of
the cotton-miils of New England will say that
such a reduction as that will either hurt this
flourishing industry or check its prosperity in
the least.
On iron, steel, and their products, we like-
wise propose an average reduction of about
twenty to twenty-four per cent., making it less
on the pig for the reason that it was reduced
two dollars a ton in the last Congress, while
bars, blooms, and manufactures generally were
not reduced at all.
What shall I say about iron ? The subject
has outgrown all calculation. This is truly an
iron age. The world's demand for iron in all
its various uses has distanced the supply so
that I fear the latter will not catch up in this
generation. In addition to this the supply in
England and Sweden has been checked by vari-
ous causes already referred to. The conse-
quence of all this is that iron has gone up to an
