1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19Ei
who is that man? It is impossible that they
should know one in ten thousand of their ap-
pointees. They must, appoint, a person who is
recommended by some one who is supposed to
know more than they about the wishes of
the people. No one can know so well as the
people of the locality themselves who is their
choice. Why not let them make the choice
at once? There is always an effort to ascer-
tain the wishes of the community before a
postmaster is appointed. Petitions are often
resorted to, the local representative is gener-
ally consulted, and all for what? To ascertain,
not precisely who is the fittest and most ac-
ceptable person, but to ascertain who among
the members of the dominant, party is most
acceptable to the people.
All this amounts to a concession that the
people are to be consulted—that they are
most deeply concerned. It is impossible that
the President should be able, in many cases,
to determine for the people who they want.
Necessity only can justify the appointing
power in cases of this kind ; and there is no
necessity. These are purely local offices.
The district which shall elect the postmaster
fit a given place can be easily fixed and estab-
lished by law, or by an order of the Depart-
ment. All the details can be readily ar-
ranged by legislation. Faithfulness and
promptness can be doubly assured by bond
and security, and by the power of removal for
cause. It is idi-j to say that the power of
removal without cause is necessary to the
efficiency ol the service.
The plan of electing local Federal officers is
not only best for the people, and due to them,
but it is best for the Executive. I am sure
no true man can hold the office of President
without devoutly praying for relief from the
annoyance, the anxiety, and the responsibility
of such vast patronage. The control of these
wns of thousands ol appointments, scattered
from ocean to ocean, to be tilled in nearly every
case upon the recommendation of others,
without knowledge or the means of knowl-
edge as to the fitness of applicants, with con-
tiicting and contradictory recommendations
from equally reliable sources in most cases,
with the certainty of making a dozen enemies
io one friend in deciding every important
case of conflicting claims tor an office—what
greater blessing could be conferred upon the
President than to relieve him of this great
burden and great annoyance ? What time
or opportunity can he have for proper atten-
tion to the weightier affairs belonging to
his great office, if he is daily and almost
hourly occupied with these matters? Let it
be remembered that the vast majority of the
officers now appointed by the President or
heads of Departments are postmasters and
other local officers, whose election by the peo-
ple could readily be provided for if the pro-
posed amendment to the Constitution shall
Oe adopted, and that by this means the Exec-
utive will be benefited as much as the people
ihemselves.
The proposition to fill this vast number of
local offices by a vote of the people rather
than by Executive appointment must, I am
sure, commend itself to every member of this
House who will seriously consider it. It is
simple justice to the people, who can always
select for themselves from among their neigh-
bors more -acceptable officers than any one
man living thousands of miles away from
them, however pure and disinterested he may
be, can select for them. It will allow those
most interested to choose. It will remove
from our politics a vast source of corruption
by taking these offices from the hands of poli-
ticians, who too often use them as so much
political capital in securing or keeping polit-
ical power, and placing them in the hands of
the people where they rightfully belong.
Tt will relieve the national Executive from
duties and burdens already too multitudinous
and harassing, and destined soon to become
too great to be discharged by any one man.
It is entirely practicable; it is eminently just;
it is greatly needed'and highly important now;
it will soon become imperatively necessary.
To say that it is unsafe or unwise is to ques-
tion the virtue of the people and their ability
to govern themselves. Let us inaugurate it
at once.
I.EAVE TO PRINT.
Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to have printed in the Globe
remarks on the constitutional amendments.
[See Appendix.]
INTERNATIONAL COPYRIGHT.
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
call the attention of the House to a bill which
was introduced by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] on the 6th December last,
entitled "A bill for securing to authors in
certain cases the benefit of international copy-
right, and to advance the development of
American literature."
What a melancholy spectacle is presented to
the Christian and moralist in this day of boasted
enlightenment by the two greatest nations on
the globe in their dealings with each other in the
matter of mental commodities. Two bands of
literary pirates, virtually armed with letters of
marque from their Governments, (for their Gov-
ernments would most assuredly protect them
if resistance were made to their piratical en-
croachments,) launch themselves boldly forth
on the great sea of literature, and openly flaunt-
ing the black flag in the midday sun, swoop mer-
cilessly down upon property which they know
to be another's, and selecting for capture the
richest prizes there afloat, hurry them into
port, where they find thousands of eager pur-
chasers. These purchasers having, as one
might think, no honest scruples, propound no
awkward queries about right and title, but buy
and read and ponder and profit by their ill-
gotten merchandise just as coolly and as calmly
as if no crime had been committed against
the laws of God and of justice. To see men
who vaunt their Christianity, their high civil-
ization, and their honor, thus intent on plunder-
ing one another, is well calculated to bring to
mitid the lines of the poet:
" See tho circling hunt of noisy men
Burst law's inclosure, leap the mounds of right,
Pursuing and pursued, each other's prey.
As wolves for rapine, as the fox for wiles,
Till death, that mighty hunter, earths them all."
But there is a side to this picture far worse
for us than this, bad though it is. Not only
England, but all the leading nations of conti-
nental Europe, have for years been holding
out to us for acceptance a fair and honorable
offer which, if we will but agree to it, will at
once remedy all this indiscriminate and dis-
graceful pillaging. It is indeed not too much
to say that such plain infractions of the eighth
commandment,, tacitly sanctioned as they are
by our Government, and constaatly going on in
our midst, by habituating us to scenes of open
robbery perpetrated with entire impunity, are
enough to demoralize the whole nation, already
deeply tainted with political corruption. And
perhaps the most startling feature of the mat-
ter is to be found in the utter indifference
with which the whole thing has come to be re-
garded even by persons of undoubted integrity.
Why, if the proposed bill should do no more
than simply remedy this state of things, it
would even then prove to our country and to
the world a priceless benefit. Now let us
examine the arguments mostly brought for-
ward by those who oppose such a law.
The arguments mainly relied on are, I be-
lieve, all embraced in the letters of Mr. Henry
C. Carey on international copyright. Inasmuch
as those letters were written for the avowed
purpose of defeating a treaty for international
copyright, then before the Senate for its sanc-
tion, and inasmuch as the author claims that
they were successful in effecting its defeat on
that occasi'on, and claims likewise that they
have been translated into languages of one or
more European countries', with a pretty fair
prospect of accomplishing the repeal of the
law as it exists between those countries, we
hold it to be no small part of our duty to at-
tempt a refutation of those arguments whioh,
it would seem, have played, and are likely to
play again, so important a part in the trans-
actions of the literary world.
Mr. Carey's famous letters are based on the
bold, not to say impudent, proposition that
authors have really no claim whatever to the
books they have written! Now, although his
mode of supporting this strange proposition is
very specious and very attractive, being, in
fact, throughout neither more nor less than a
skillfully woven web of sophistry to entrap the
unwary reader, yet is the fallacy of his argu-
ment sufficiently glaring to be readily detected
by a thorough sifting for the truth which is—
not in it. We hope to be excused if we exam-
ine this bold proposition at some length, since
on its refutation his whole superstructure falls
to the ground. Mr. Carey says:
"The world at large is tho owner of all the fach
that have been collected and of all the ideas that
have been deduced from them." * * * *
"For these facts and ideas no copyright is al-
lowed." >: * * * "Copyright for facts
and ideas would he inexpedient even if it were pos-
sible. Knowledge advances by slow and almost
imperceptible degrees, and each is bur tho precursor
of a new and more important one. Were e:ieh dis-
coverer of a new truth authorized to monopolize tho.
j teaching of it, millions of men would remain in
ignorance of it, and thus would further advance be
prevented.'' * * * * " Examine where
wo may, we shall find that the collectors of itse facts
and the producers of the ideas which constitute the
body of books, havo received little or no reward
while thus engaged in oontributingso largely to tho
augmentation of the common property of man-
kind."
Mr. Carey then gives, as an illustrious in-
stance, Humboldt, who spent much time and
underwent many hardships and privations in
collecting facts in various portions of America.
Also Captain McClure, who discovered the
northwest passage, and many others. Such
men as these, ho says, have brought together
innumerable facts which have become com-
mon property. Next come the men of science,
■who deduce from these facts laws which govern
the world. Copernicus devoted his life to
such studios, and discovered that, the earth
revolved round the sun; but from the mo-
ment of its publication he had no property in
it—from the very nature of the case could
have none.
" Now, inasmuch as copyright is not given
for the discovery of facts, nor for the discovery
of laws deduced from those facts, for what,
then," Mr. Carey asks, " is copyright given Y':
And his answer is:
"JFor the clothing in which the facts and ideas
which constitute the body ofthe book are given to the
world." ' ; " The world's ownership
of all the facts that have been collected, and of all tho
ideas that have been deduced from them, is precisely
the same that the planter has in the bale of cotton
that has been raised on his plantation." >- *
* * "When the planter hands his cotton to tho
spinner and the weaver lie does not say, ' Take this
cotton and convert it into cloth and keep the cloth
but he doessay,' Spin and weave this cotton, and for
so doing you shall have such interest in the cloth as
will give you a fair compensation for your labor and
skill; but when that shall have been paid tho cloth
will be mine.' This latter is precisely what society,
the owner of facts and ideas, says to the author:
'Take these lawmaterials that, have been collected,
put them together and clothe them alter your own
fashion, and. for a given time, we wiii agree that
nobody shall present them in the same dress. Dunp?
thattimeyou may exhibit, them foryonr own profit,
hut at the endof that period the clothing will become,
common property, as the body now is.
Admitting that mankind own in common all
tho facts and ideas that have been collected,
, where is the fitness of comparing a fact or an
idea to a bale of cotton-—that which is intangi-
ble to that which is tangible? A bale of cot-
ton being a mass of matter, has its limits; it
can be worked upon by only a definite number
of artisans, under whose manipulations its form
