1036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
February 15,
No. 516) for the relief of George W. Morse
accompanying the petition, have directed me
to report them back, and to ask that they be
postponed indefinitely, as we have a favorable
report to make upon a similar House bill which
I hold in my hand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
dissent, the bill and petition will be indefinitely
postponed.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I am directed
by the same committee, to whom was referred
thebill(H. R. No. 1417) for the relief of George
W. Morse, to report it back with an amend-
ment, and I should like to have the bill pat on
its passage now. The petitioner was required
to file some affidavits only five days before the
expiration of the time limited by law for the
extension of his patent, by the Commissioner,
and being at a distance the order didnot reach
him, so that the live days expired without his
affidavits being filed. The affidavits I hold in
my hand, and they are amply sufficient for the
purpose for which they should have been filed,
i think the bill will take no time.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It authorizes the Commissioner
of .Patents to entertain and exercise jurisdic-
tion over petitions of George W. Morse for the
extension of two letters-patent granted to him
on the 28th day of October, 1856, for a fur-
ther term of seven years from the day on which
such extensions may be granted, and to hear
the testimony of the applicant and determine
upon the petitions in the same manner and with
the same effect as if the original terms of the
patents, or of any foreign patents covering the
same inventions, bad not expired, and to grant
or refuse such extensions upon the same prin-
ciples, otherwise, that govern hia decisions
upon such applications when made under the
law of July 8, 1870; but no person is to be
held liable for the infringement of the patents,
if extended, for making use of the inventions
since the expiration of the original terms of
the patents, and prior to the date of tlieir ex-
tension ; and any person, firm, or corporation
now engaged in the manufacture, of fire-arms,
and using the invention, shall be entitled to
use the machinery already made or constructed
by them for manufacturing the same, without
liability during the term of the extension.
The Committee on Patents reported the bill
with an amendment in line twenty-two, to
strike out the word "already," and after the
word "same," inline twenty-three, to insert
"since the expiration of the original terms of
said patent;" so that the proviso will read;
And provided farther, That any person, firm, or
corporation now engaged in the manufacture of lire-
arms, and using said invention, shall be entitled to
use the machinery made or constructed by them for
i$anui'acturing the same, since the expiration of the
original termsof said patent, without liability during
the term of said extension.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read the third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
chicago fire.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask permission
at. this time to submit a motion to refer the bill
(II. R. No. 555) for the relief of sufferers by
fire at Chicago to the Committee on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois asks unanimous consent that the
Chicago relief bill may be recommitted to the
Committee on Finance. The Chair hears no
objection, and that order will be made.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I suggested an
amendment which I proposed to offer to that
bill during my remarks upon it, and I ask
that that amendment be also referred to
accompany the bill, so that in the delibera-
tions of the committee it may be before them.
I ask unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-.
stands from the Clerk that the amendment has
gone to the Committee on Finance with the
bill.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Very well.
order op business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask to have
a bill which was reported a few days since
from the Committee on Patents, changing a
single word in the patent law's relating to
designs, acted upon at the present time. I
am sure that there will be no objection to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest to the Sen-
ator to wait until we get through with the
morning business.
Mr. CHANDLER. The senior Senator from
Tennessee [Mr. Brownlow] desires to make
a personal explanation this morning in writing,
and I ask that the Secretary may be permitted
to read the personal explanation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The call for
morning business is still resting at reports of
committees. The Senator from Michigan
states that the Senator from Tennessee desires
to make a personal explanation in writing.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senator may
have the opportunity.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope there will be no
objection to that, but I desire to introduce a
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the request submitted by the
Senator from Michigan; but some Senators
desire to introduce bills, and if there be no
objection the Chair will receive them, subject
to objection by any Senator in favor of the
Senator from Tennessee.
bills introduced.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 645) to confirm the title tq, certain lauds
on the Fort Kearney military reservation, in
Fr6mont county, Iowa ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
646) to extend letters-patent heretofore issued
to Joseph W. Fowle; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, and ordered to
be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 647)
to authorize the Secretary of War to issue
clothing to enlisted men in place of clothing
destroyed by accident; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 648) for the relief of the heirs of Jonathan
Haines, deceased; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 649) for the relief of Sim-
eon Savage; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office, and ordered to be printed.
amendment of patent laws.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business appears to have concluded.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As the Sen-
ator from Tennessee consents, and it will take
but a single moment, I ask to have the bill to
which I called attention a few moments ago
taken up and acted upon. It is Senate bill
No. 583.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senator from
Tennessee will be allowed to proceed now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. He consents
to have this bill taken up. It will not take a
single moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from .Vermont asks unanimous consent to
consider a bill reported from the Committee
on Patents. It will be reported, subject to
objection after the reading, or if it should give
rise to debate.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (S. No. 583)
to amend an act entitled "An act to revise,
consolidate, and amend the statutes relating
to patents and copyrights," approved July 8,
1870. It proposes to amend section seventy-
one of an act entitled "An act to revise, con-
solidate, and amend the statutes relating to
patents and copyrights," approved July 8,
1870, by striking out the word " perbonin the
first line of the section, and inserting in lieu
theieof the words "citizen of the United
States.''
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
what the effect of that is, whether it changes
the law so that American manufacturers can
put foreign marks on their manufactures and
impose them upon the country?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As the law
now is, it gives foreigners the same right as
the American citizens, which the Senator from
Illinois, I am sure, would not permit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the effect of
this change ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The effect
of this change is to allow Americans to copy
any designs that are brought here from abroad,
if they choose. As the iaw now is, foreigners
may come here and have their designs regis-
tered, and although they may be produced here
at a much lower rate than they can be abroad,
they cannot be produced here becausc they
have obtained a copyright for the design.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the effect of this bill
is, as it would seem to be, to allow a manu-
facturer here to copy a foreign design, and palm
oif his goods upon the country as a foreign
manufacture, when they are made here—take
a great many of our perfumes and things of
that kind which have French names, name';
unpronounceable to me—I do not know what
the ladies would do.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator desires to debate the bill 1 will withdraw
it. I see the Senator desires to defeat the bill,
and I will withdraw it until I can have time to
answer him fully.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Illinois object to the consideration of the
bill?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not object to its
consideration myself.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let it be laid aside.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont withdraws the call for the considera-
tion of the bill at this time?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
peksonal explanation!
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Tennessee [Mr. Brownlow] now has the con-
sent of the Senate to make a personal explana -
tion in writing, and the Secretary will read it.
The Secretary proceeded to read the speech
of Mr. Brownlow, as follows:
Mr. President, I speak to a question of
privilege, and ask permission of the Senate
to reply to some aspersions on my character
made by a member of the House of Represent-
atives on the 22d ultimo, which appear in the
Daily Globe of the 23d. The Secretary will
find them on page 7 of that issue under the
name of " Mr. Beck."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
ask the Secretary to stop at this point. The
rule in Jefferson's Manual, quoted from Grey
and Hatsell, reads:
"It is a breaeh of order in debate to noticc what
has been said on thesamesubjeet in theother House,
or the particular votes or majorities on it there."
Also:
" Neither House can exercise any authority over
a member or officer of the other, but should com-
plain to the House of which he is, and leave tho
punishment to them. Where the complaint is of
words disrespectfully spoken by a member of another
House, it is difficult to obtain punishment, because of
