1932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
is changed. It is then no longer a bale of
cotton; it is cloth. Far different is it, how-
ever. with a fact or an idea. Let a fact or an
idea once get abroad in the world, and it may-
be worked upon by millions of minds at the
same instant of time; nor will it sustain, by-
reason of being so worked on, the most infin-
itesimal diminution from the wear and tear of
man's mysteriously working mental machinery
through which it has to pass that it may be
shaped into immortal books; or, if you choose,
that it _niay serve as the skeleton or frame-
work of immortal books. So far as the pos-
sibility of the thing is concerned, there is
nothing to prevent our antipodes, the "heathen
Chinee," at this very moment from contem-
plating the identical fact or entertaining the
identical idea that may be passing through our
own minds here on this side of the globe. Of
coarse the planter does not say, " Keep the
cloth." And why? Simply because to keep
the cloth would be to keep the whole bale of
cotton, every fiber of which now exists in the
cloth, and nowhere else. But, oil the other
hand, to keep the book by copyright does not
at all imply keeping the facts and ideas on
which it is based, these being still us free as
they ever were to all who choose to make use
of them.
If, as Mr. Carey seems to suppose, society
were a mighty speculator—not, indeed, in
stocks, but in facts and ideas—advertising to
put them out at interest to such authors as
might desire to use them; if facts and ideas,
in passing through the author's mind, were
subject to attrition which would wear them
away in however slight a degree; or if the
author took them into his brain as a money-
borrower takes a dollar into his pocket, so that
to one else could possibly have the use of them
until he should see proper to return them with
interest to the owner, there would indeed then
be much justice in Mr. Carey's remarks, much
force in his logic. As it is, however, I caunot
bat think it a very mean, not to say miserly,
proceeding in society to charge, even in these
usurious times, interest on that of which the
supply is absolutely limitless, as just shown,
and of which there can never be, in the very
nature of the case, any approach to monopoly,
except, indeed, such outrageous and suicidal
monopoly as Mr. Carey enjoins upon society
to assume, or rather to retain, for fear authors,
who, as a class, are about the hardest workers j
i;i the world, might manage to scrape together
a, LltiO ''filthy lucre" beyond what will suffice
for the mere buying of their daiiv bread.
With the view of proving that authors have
zo right in their books except, I suppose he i
means, such as our generous law-makers have
f> j lavishly aecordcd them, Mr. Carey goes on :
" Sir Walter feoott had carefully studied Scottish 1
and border history, and thus bad filled his mind with
(acts and ideas procured by others, which he repro-
duced in a different form. So, too, with our own
very successful Washington Irving. He drew largely
on the common stock of ideas and dressed them up
in anew an<} what ha3 proved to be a very attractive
form, bo again with Mr. Dickens." -' -
" Ho 33 in the condition of a man who had entered a
large garden and collected a variety of the most
teauufa! flowers growing therein, of which he had
mado a fino bouquet. The owner of tho garden
would naturally say to him: ' Tho flowers are mine,
but tno arrangement is yours._ You cannot keep the
bouquet, bat you may smell it, or show it, for your
own profit, for an hour or two, but then it must come
to ine. If you prefer it, I am willing to pay you for
your services, giving you a fair compensation for
your time and taste.' This is exactly what society
jays to Mr. Dickens, who makes such beautiful lit-
erary bouquets." <= " "Butheobjects
to this, insisting that he is owner of the bouquet it-
self, although ho has paid no wages to tho man who
raised the flowers. W'cro he asked to do so, he would
regard it as leading to groat injustice."
The fallacy here is precisely similar to the
one I have just pointed out. It consists in
making flowers, this time instead of "Old
Ki'og Cotton," as before, represent facts and
ideas which, as above explained at length, it
is impossible they can do, the main difference
single fact or idea may be wrought upon by an
infinite number of minds at one and the same
instant. While, therefore, there is good rea-
son for charging for the use of the floral bou-
quet, there is not the shadow of a reason why
Sir. Dickens should not have been the sole
proprietor of those "beautiful literary bou-
quets" which he made by his own honest labor.
Mr. Carey seems partial to these metaphor-
ical illustrations. Besides the bouquet and the
cotton-bale figures, he has treated us to two
or three elaborate ones on house-building, and
finally comes back to the nosegay. Having,
however, just had a whiff of if, and'having
found its odor none of the best, I will pass on
to notice ether portions of his line of argu-
ment, by means of which he claims to have
revolutionized public opinion in this country,
and has good reason for helping to revolution-
ize it in Europe.
His next argument is certainly a very
unique one, to say the very least. He says, in
substance, 'hat because men who make addi-
tions to science know full well that they have
and can have no rights whatever; because, to
be more explicit, Cuvier died very poor, and
because all the copyright that could have been
given to him and to the great Hunaboldt could
not have enriched either of them; because
Laplace's great work could yield him nothing;
therefore, protection should not, either in
point of space or time, be greater than is re-
quired for giving the producer of books a fair
compensation for his labor.
Now, it is impossible to conceive why the
i poverty of these, or indeed of any other dead
worthies, should affect unfavorably the com-
pensation of authors now living. What! be-
cause Cuvier and some half dozen others,
who were bis compeers in thought and re-
search, lived and died poor, subsequent pro-
ducers of books should have only a fair com-
pensation V Mr. Carey, I suppose, to be the
judge as to what constitutes ''a fair compen-
sation." As there should be a becoming pro-
portion in all things, it must follow that if
Cuvier and others had actually starved to
death, authors of the present, day ought to hold
themselves lucky if they can get for then-
books barely enough to buy one meal a day,
this sufficing to keep body and soul together,
to say nothing of their families. He proceeds
to remark:
"Byron had two thousand guineas for one volume
of Childe Harold, and Moore three thousand for his
Lalla Rookli; and yctasingleyearshouldhavemore
than sufficed for the production of either of them."
" "Dickens is said to realize $50,000
per annum for the sale of his works, whose compo-
sition is little mors than amusement for hi? leisure
hours."
Mr. Carey tuinks these authors got entirely
too much; that the pay should not be propor-
tioned to the value of the productions, as it is
in all other cases, but to the amount of labor
expended^ upon them. Byron, Moore, and
Dickens, it is to be presumed, inherited from
their parents thebrains with which they wrought
out those wonderful productions. Nov/, sup-
pose that instead of brains they had inherited
money or lands, without, if you choose, any
brains at all—a not very uncommon case, it
would seem—would Mr. Caroy say they would
not be entitled to the full benefit of that money j
and those lands, but that a portion of them i
ought to become common property, merely
because thai, money or those lands were theirs
without any effort of their own? It would
indeed seem so. This would be Fourierism
with a vengeance. And so would the other
be intellectual Fourierism. It would be a
premium on empty brain-pans; genius, heav-
ily discounted, would sink, while dullness
would go up in the social and political world
at even a more rapid and ruinous rate than
at present. It has long been thought by the
world at large that a wise man had some little
being that the flowers may be in the possession jl advantage over a fool, but Mr. "Carey seems
of but oqo person at a time; whereas one i! resolved that henceforth the fools shall be at
! least on an equal footing, so far as his efforts
; at mental leveling can tend to bring about the
I ° °
equality.
Mr. Carey further says :
" If tho sales of books were as great in England
as they are here, English authors would bo abun-
dantly paid." **>*'• por tho pay-
ment of the authors a very small sum would be
required if the wholo people of England could afford,
as they should bo able to do, to purchase books,"
« «■ * f "Centralization, however, de-
stroys the market for book?, and the sale i-
therefore small." " 4 * * " If wc can
make such a market for the products ot English
minds, why cannot they ? If they had such a mar-
ket, would it not pay their authors to the full extenl
of their merits ? Unquestionably it would; and ii
they see fit to pursue a system tending to cheapen
the services of the laborer in the field, in the work-
shop, and at the desk, there is no more reason for
calling upon the people of this country to makeup
their deficiencies toward those who contribute tv
their pleasure or instruction by writing books, th^p
there would be in asking us to aid the hundreds of
thousands of day-laborers and their wives and chil-
dren whom the same system condemns uni itii d t v
the workhouse."
Now, this is, if possible, more preposteiou.
than the position which we have ju-jt com-
bated. Because, forsooth, tho English Gov-
ernment is such that it is impossible for many
authors there to get sufficient remuneration,
therefore we are justified in withholding from
those authors—whose writings give nsso much
delight—the pitiful ten pel- cent, which would
place them at once at their ease in regard tu
nil their wants, both bodily and intellectual.
If the English authors themselves were instru-
mental in maintaining the condition of thing-)
against which Mr. Carey levels his indignation,
it would be different; we could then see much
force in what he says. But he makes no such
charge against them, nor have we ever heard
such a charge made. On the contrary, iuas
much as Mr. Carey has proved such a coarse op
their part to be clearly suicidal, the presump-
tion is a pretty fair one, that they, being the
sensible men that they are, would refrain from
what would bo virtually cutting their own
throats.
But Mr. Carey does not quite reach the cli-
max of absurdity until he says that the Eng-
lish people might with just "as much reason
call on us to aid in supporting " the hundreds
of thousands whom their system of govern
ment condemns unpitied to the workhouse."
The simple truth is, those unfortunate beings
have no manner of claim on us beyond thai
common sympathy which we feel for all inno-
cent sufferers, wherever on the face of the
globe they are to be found. We know nothing
of them individually, nor is it likely ws shall
ever know any thing of them, unless they ma;,
some day find their way to our shores, when we
will extend them a hearty welcome. How dif-
ferent is it with those gifted beings who sup-
ply us every year with such a large proper
tion of our intellectual food. Wc surely ought
pot, Mr. Carey to the contrary notwithstand-
ing, to begrudge men like these a few pennies
a year for such repasts as they afford us:
least of all should we do so merely because
their own Government treats them, as he
alleges, with injustice.
When, however, wo come to such argument.,
as the following, it seems almost impossible
that Mr. Carey, or any other reasonable a id
nonest being, could have been in earnest wh-.:i.
he penned them :
"Wo give them [English authors] precisely waa-
their own countrymen have given to their Daltou
Davy, \v ollaston, I- ranklin, Parry, and tho thou-
sands oi others who have furnished the bodies ot
which books are composed, and more than wc our
selves give to tho men among us engaged in culti-
vating science—famo. Byron deemed this quite suf-
e?t when he first saw an American edition of his
. " "And Miss Bremer thought
w? f ^ payment when, even in the wilds of the
West, she met with numerous person-! v,-h'o would
itlniht.k iler tr?,Te,' ot Charge, because of the
deligdt she had afeorued them. Also, that Miss Car-
Jen wept when she held in her hand, for the firs-t
time, one of ner works translated and published in
America. ~ -« " This is the feeling of
a wnter that cultivates literature with some other
object in view than mere profit. But in Bngland,
more than in any other country. b«ok-making is a
