1671.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13 made tohave the House consist of the lim-
ited number, under the ratio prescribed by the
act of 1850, or any kindred application of the
role, it leads to manifest injustice. But, apart
frpm that, Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to
reducing the number below two hundred and
forty-three, and I hope the amendment will
not prevail. .
' The question was on agreeing to Mr.
Bright's amendment.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 43, noes 92.
Mr. BRIGHT called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Bright and
Mr. Mercur were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 58, noes 94.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to offer the following amendment:
Add the following additional sections:
Sec. Be it enacted, &c.t That the Tuesday next
after the first Monday in November, in the year
1874. is hereby fixed and established as the day in
each of the States and Territories of the United
States for the election of Representatives and dele-
gates to the Forty-Fourth Congress; and the Tues-
day next after tno first Monday in November, in
every second year thereafter, is hereby fixed ana
established as tho day for the election in each ot
said States and Territories of Representatives and
Delegates to the Congress commencing on the 4th
day of March next thereafter: Provided, That this
section shall not apply to the State of Maine or the
State of Indiana until the year 18(6.
Sec —. And le it farther enacted, That if, upon trial,
there shall be a failure to elcct a Representative or
Delegate in Congress in anv State, district, or Terri-
tory, upon tho day hereby fixed and established tor
such election, or if, after any such election, a vacancy
shall occur in any such State, district, or Territory,
from death, resignation, or otherwise, an election
shall be held to fill any vacancy caused by such fail-
ure resignation, death, or otherwise, at such time
and in such manner as is or may be provided by law
for filling vacancies in the State or Territory in which
the same may occur.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, this amendment which I offer is substan-
tially like the one which I first offered, has
all the effect of the one which I first offered,
except that it leaves out the States of Indiana
and Maine, the gentlemen from Indiana insist-
ing that by the terms of their State constitu-
tion they cannot alter their election laws until
after 1874.
That our fathers contemplated that we should
take this matter in hand would clearly appear
from the provision in the Constitution which
is to be found in the fourth section of the first
article, and is as follows:
"The times, places, a,nd manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each Stale by the Legislature thereof;
but the Congross may at any time by law make or
alter such regulations, except as to the places of
choosing Senators."
Now, the desirableness of this is shown by
the fact that the amendment which I now offer
passed the House of Representatives on the
4th of April, 1870, in the very words in which
I have drawn it, except that it did not contain
the exceptions which my amendment does. T
have yielded to those exceptions on account
of the inconveniences which have been stated
by the gentlemen from Indiana and Maine.
IIow desirable, therefore, it is that there should
be a uniform day for the election of Represent-
atives in Congress has been settled once by the
House, and how desirable it is everybody, I
think, can see lvhen they look at the opera-
tions of the present law. Unless we do lix
some time at which, as a rule, Represent-
atives shall be elected, it will be in the power
of each State to fix upon a different day, and
we may have a canvass going on all over the
Union at different times. It gives some States
undue advantage. It gives some parties undue
advantage. 1 can remember, ill 1840, when
the news from Pennsylvania and other States
that held their elections prior to the presi-
dential eleclion settled the presidential elec-
tion as effectually as it was afterward done
and I agree with the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Peters] that the election in that State
has an influence, and that the elections in
Vermont and the elections in California in
September also have great influence upon the
other elections. I agree also that Indiana,
Ohio, and Pennsylvania, by voting in October,
have an influence. But what I contend is that
that is an undue advantage, that it is a wrong,
and it is a wrong also to the people of those
States, that once in four years they shall be
put to the trouble of having a double election.
On every election day the poor laboring man
who goes to the polls to vote loses his day's
work, to say nothing of the expenses which fall
on the politicians, and are of no very great
consequence one way or the other.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McHENRY. Is an amendment to the
amendment now in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not. The amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts'must first be acted on.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I submit that the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts is an amendment to the substitute, and
therefore an amendment to it is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The substitute is in the
nature of an amendment,, and another amend-
ment would be an amendment in the third
degree, which the Chair cannot entertain.
Mr. CONNER. Before the question is put
upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, I would like to make an explan-
ation to the House as to the effect it will have
upon my State. We at present have no Legis-
lature in Texas. Under the pending bill we
will gain two additional Representatives. As
the law now stands there is no provision for
electing more than four Representatives, and
unless the amendment proposed by the_ gen-
tleman from Massachusetts shall prevail we
will be here without the two additional Repre-
sentatives to which we are entitled. I trust
that our friends will so vote as to give us our
legitimate strength on this floor. Under the
existing law our Legislature cannot meet until
January, 1873, and^n the mean time we will
be deprived of two Representatives to which
we shall be entitled under each of the bills
now pending before the committee unless the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts shall prevail.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts; and
there were—ayes 56, noes 74.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PLATT. I offer the following amend-
ment to the substitute of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mercur:]
Insert in line five, page 3, after the word "terri-
tory," thewords "and containing as nearly as prac-
ticable an equal number of inhabitants, and.'
There is no provision of law that I have been
able to discover which provides that the State
Legislatures in districting the States for con-
gressional Representatives shall make the dis-
tricts contain an equal number of inhabitants.
! There is nothing to prevent a State, if it chooses
to do so, from making half a State one con-
gressional district and dividing the rest of the
State among the other members. They can
make one district containing any^ population
they choose, and other districts with as small
a population as they choose. It is for the pur-
pose of meeting a contingency of this kind
that may possibly arise that I desire to have
inserted in the bill the amendment which I
have proposed.
Mr. MERCUR. I believe that is just, and
I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I rise to oppose the
amendment. It is a question, a grave question,
whether that amendment would not involve
more difficulty than would be compensated by
any advantages that might possibly arise from
it. In the western States especially I can show
what its practical effect would be. Tn the older
settled portions of the western States the in-
crease in population is very small, while in the
newer portions of the States it is very large.
Take mv own State of Michigan, for instauce;
in the southern part of the State the increase
of population during the last decade has been
comparatively small, while in some of the
northern counties, in most of the northern
regions of the State, the increase of popula-
tion has been very rapid. According to the
old apportionment of the State of Michigan,
larger districts, so far as population is con-
cerned, were made in the southern part of the
State than in the northern part of the State.
Yet to-day in some of the northern districts
there are two hundred and fifty thousand peo-
ple. In apportioning the States under this law
it will be absolutely necessary to make dis-
tricts in the southern part of the State con-
taining more population than in districts in
the northern part of the State, for the very
obvious reason that the northern districts will
increase very rapidly, while *he southern dis-
tricts will have but a small increase of popula-
tion. In order to get a fair average during the
decade a discrimination must be made, for it
will be but just and right. I think it should
be left to the discretion and judgment of the
Legislature, and not be tied up by a provision
of this kind.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment ; and it was agreed to.
Mr. KILLINGER. I move the sections I
send to the Clerk's desk as an amendment to
the pending substitute.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. —. Thatthe Tuesday next after the first Mon-
day in November, in the year 1876, is hereby fixed
and established as the day in each of tho States and
Territories of the United States for the election of
Representatives and Delegates to the Forty-Fifth .
Congress; and the Tuesday next after the first Mon-
day in November in every seoond year thereafter is
hereby fixed and established as the day for the elec-
tion, in each of said States and Territories, of Rep-
resentatives and Dclogates to the Congress com-
mencing on the 4th day of March next thereafter.
Sec. —. That if, upon trial, there shallbe afailure
to elect a Representative or Delegate in Congress
in any State, district, or Territory upon the day
hereby fixed and established for suoh election, or if,
after any such election, a vacancy shall occur m anv
such State, district, or Territory, from death, resig-
nation, or otherwise, an election shall be held to fill
any vacancy caused by such failure, resignation,
death, or otherwise, at such time and in such man-
ner as is or may be provided by law for filling vacan-
cies in the State or Territory in which the same may
occur.
Mr. KILLINGER. The object of that
amendment is to put off a uniform day of elec-
tion for two years longer than by the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler.] It is his amendment in other
respects, omitting the exception in favor of
Indiana and Maine. It coversthesameground,
but extends the time so that all the States may
come under this provision.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by striking out the last word, for the
purpose of saying simply that this amendment
as offered by my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Killinger] goes into operation in 1876, when
a presidential election will take place. That
will give every State time to conform to it. It
deals with members of the Forty-Fifth and sub-
sequent Congresses. *
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] that his amendment is not strictly in
order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
withdraw it.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to move a sub-
stitute for the first section of the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Killinger.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poiaxd]
that but one amendment to the substitute pro-
posed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[ [Mr. Mercur] can be entertained at one time,
i The substitute moved by the gentleman from
!| Pennsylvania [Mr. Mercer] is in the nature
j! of an amendment, and the other gentleman
]; from Pennsylvania [Mr. Killinger] has moved
'! an amendment to that amendment.
I The question was then taken upon the
