1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mB
course to Blackstone in order to show you that
the same spirit which animated the instruments
of tyranny ia those days—and when I say
this I mean not to cast any reflection upon
honorable Senators here, or upon the legisla-
tion of this Government—in holding and in
acquiring power, has superinduced at this day
legislation like that we have now under
consideration. Hear what constructive trea-
sons there were then, which the people were
obliged to endure, and against which they
struggled for so long a time and through so
much blood and sorrow until the certainty of
law was established and the tyranny of dis-
cretion was suppressed.
"Bat afterward, between the reign of Henry IT
and Queen Mary, and particularly in the bloody
reign of Henry VIII, the spirit of inventing new
and strungo treasons was revived, among which we
may reckon the offenses of clipping money; break-
ing prison or rescue, when the prisoner is commit-
ted for treason: burning houses to extort money;
stealing cattle by Welshmen "—
Stealing cattle by Welshmen was one of the
invented treasons of the day; but more—
" counterfeiting foreign coin; willful poisoning;
execrations against the king, calling him opprobri-
ous names by public writing; counterfeiting tho
sign manual or signet; refusing to abjure the pope;"
* * * * marrying without the royal
license any of the king's children, sisters^ aunts,
nephews, or nieces;" * * * * "judging
or believing (manifested by any overt act) the king
to have been lawfully married to Ann of Cleves "—
Think of it, the spirit that then ruled, and
you have the same spirit manifested here in
this species of legislation. It was construct-
ive high treason then—one of the invented
treasons—to have a belief that Henry YIII
was lawfully married to Ann of Cleves, and
that was a fact no one could doubt. But to
go on—
"derogating from the king's royal style and title;
impugninghissupremacy; and assembiingriotously
to the number of twelve, and not dispersing upon
proclamation."
That was then treason, and that is jnst pre-
cisely what this bill is now in 3pirit and some-
what in form. By the act which you now pro-
pose to continue in force until the expiration
of the next session of Congress you under-
take to define what rebellion is just as Eng-
land defined constructive treason to be. The
assembling of twelve persons riotously there
was constructive treason, just as you under-
take now to define certain acts here to be con-
structive rebellion. Mr. President, rebellion
is armed resistance to the Government; and
what is that but treason ? According to a
common saying, if not a true one, unsuccess-
ful rebellion is treason. You undertake by
legislation to define what rebellion is. and by
the very definition of rebellion you thereby
undertake to determine what treason is; for
rebellion is treason, if armed resistance to the
Government is treason.
Mr. President, I am opposed to the suspen-
sion of this great writ. At this hour of the
day, when the sun is just coming up 111 the east,
is it not a singular sight to see this American
Senate, may I not say trifling with this great
high prerogative writ, the boon of Englishmen
and of Americans alike? And here you are
yielding up this writ and conferring upon the
Executive the right to suspend the privilege
of enjoying it as an American citizen should
always when there is not a hostile bayonet now
in the whole land that is gleaming in the rays
of the morning sun.
The honorable Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Robertson,] in the extracts which he
had read in the course of his speech at the
Clerk's desk, presented the true condition of
things in that unfortunate State. That state-
ment, as far as it went, showed that a few
ignorant lads or young men, unable to read
and write, committed some deed of violence,
and they are convicted by a court with the
reminder of a Jeffreys upon the bloody circuit
and a jury packed by a United States marshal,
appointed by the Executive of the United
States, or confessing guilt for fear of a, con-
viction and a severer punishment for the
temerity of standing a trial. It is for such
proceedings that you require the suspension
of this great high prerogative writ 1 Can it be
that we are trifling in this way with the grand-
est boon on earth ? Can it be that we are
thus trifling with the liberty of our people and
putting in peril the personal right of the
American citizen ? There is no war, no speck
of war, no invasion, no rebellion, unless it be
a constructive rebellion declared by this act
itself to be such. There is not any such thing
anywhere in your land, and yet we are called
upon to suspend this writ.
For what purpose, I ask, is it to be sus-
pended? Why do you want it to be sus-
pended? To execute the law and arrest and
punish offenders I No ; your military can
arrest, your marshals can arrest, your civil
police can arrest; there is 110 difficulty about
arresting, nor in trying them by your own
judges and your own selected juries. Tour
Army and your Navy, the militia of the States,
and your Republican Governors and your
posse, civil and military, are there to arrest
the lads or men who commit these crimes. I
am noapologistforcrime, by whomsoever com-
mitted ; I abhor it as much as any Senator
on this floor, and would punish the individuals
who commit it, but the idea that either the
interests or the public safety of this great
Government of thirty-seven States require the
suspension of the writ of habeas corpus in
order to arrest, try, and punish these ignorant
lads or men in the State of South Carolina, is
simply absurd.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. HAMILTON", of Maryland. Certainly.
Mr. SCOTT. This is the second or third
time during this discussion that I have heard
Judge Bond characterized as a Jeffreys. Judge
Bond is a citizen of the State which the Sen-
ator so ably represents on this floor. Now I
will ask, as I have heretofore refrained from
taking any part in the discussion, that he will
permit me to read about three or four sentences
from the testimony of Mr. Schenck, a leading
lawyer in North Carolina, who was himself a
member of the Ku Klux Klau, joining it as
he said—and I wish to say it in justice to
him—under the belief that it would not com-
mit violence, and withdrew from it because he
found he could not prevent it from doing so.
I wish to give his estimate of Judge Bond.
The Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Pool]
put this question:
"The ex post facto is entirely for the benefit of the
defendant? "
"Answer. I do not know how that would be ruled.
Judge Bond is a very good lawyer, and an excellent
judge; but suppose? he took the view of it that
the codefendants were just as competent for the
State as the defendant, and tho defendant might
object to it, that would make it less easy for him to
make his defense."
Again:
" Question. When you come to tho United States
court itself, let tae understand whether you speak of
it or not in such terms as to convey the idea that itis
the instrument simply of political persecution 1
"Answer. No, sir; X do not say that; I do not say
the United States court was made so. I said I
believed the purpose of the party is more to mate
political capital out of it than to punish crimes;
that is what I charge and say; I do not charge it in-
dividually to anybody. So far as Judge Bond is con-
cerned, I believe he is an able lawyer and an upright
man; t have no complaint to make as to the pun-
ishment of Shotwell or others; I do not think it is
excessive; if tho crimes were such as was detailed
by Mr. Justice and the witnesses, the judge was
fullyjustified; and he was fully justified in punish-
mgBaxter; but I think he ought also to punish
Anderson Davis's crowd. I do not reflect on Judge
Bond as a gentleman; X think Judge Brooks also is
a gentleman."
This is what he states of the judge of whom
these assertions have been made. _ Further, in
reference to the juries on these trials, he says:
"Question. I ask you the general question : do you
say those convictions at Raleigh were unjust?
"Answer. No, sir; I think they were very just.
"Question. You eomplained of the jury; do you
think they could have found otherwise t
"Answer. I did not complain of them; I stated
facts; you put me under oath and asked for facts; I
was reluctant to state them, but Senator Blaib
pressed me for these facts; X was reluctant, and
said I did not know except from information; now
you say I eomplained; if you ask ine my opinion I
will say I believe they were convicted justly, and
punished no more than they ought'to have been; X
think the punishment was just; I have 110 sympa-
thy with those men whatever."
This much I simply ask the indulgence of
the Senator to state, as I have refrained from
taking part in the discussion; and it is due to
a judicial officer of the United States, whose
character is thus brought in question, that
those who have had the opportunity of seeing
his administration of justice, and know his
character as a lawyer, should be permitted to
speak of him.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. That is
all right, and I did not object to it. I may
say that I barely know Judge Bond personally.
I have no question he is a gentleman of abil-
ity, and I would not do him injustice know-
ingly. His official conduct in the South is in
the current reports of the day, and is subject
to much animadversion. I do not know any-
thing about the conviction of those people,
whether it was right or wrong; but we have
had recently some little experience in my own
State in respect to political trials, or trials
growing out of elections; and I know the
kind of jurors generally that are summoned
in United States courts to try these people
for political offenses. We have had political
trials—I call them political—recently in Balti-
more, and I say here that the United States
marshal summoned upon the jury for those
trials, so far as I personally know, and as I
am advised, persons of one political faith
alone.
Mr. BLAIR. Let me say to the Senator,
that that was also the case in North Carolina.
The jurors, as shown by the testimony, were
all of one political faith, and all the grand
jurors, with the exception of two or three
persons.
Mr. POOL. The Senator from Missouri is
mistaken in that. The juries that sit on those
trials were not all of the same political faith.
I do not think the testimony shows any such
thing as that. In point of fact, 1 know that
some of the jurors were Democrats. I know
that one from my own town was a Democrat.
Mr. BLAIR. My recollection of it is very
clear and distinct, and I think I cannot be
mistaken about it.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr. Presi-
dent, I do not like to apply harsh epithets or
opprobrious names to any one. In the excite-
ment of debate we sometimes do those things,
and sometimes, many times, no doubt, we live
to regret it. But, sir, from general appearances
I think it evident that in these trials in the
South indictment is equivalent to conviction,
and in this respect, if in no other, they furnish
a parallel to what is known as the bloody
assizes in England. 1 heard, as 1 have men-
tioned, read from the table a moment ago, in
the course of the remarks of the Senator from
South Carolina, the confessions of those poor
creatures on trial in South Carolina, or rather
their answers to questions asked them. I know
nothing about them. They may be very bad
for all I know, and ought to be punished. That
narrative, to which I must allude again, re-
minded me very much of the scenes that so
often occurred upon the bloody assizes. It
painfully reminded me with the manner of the
judge then, when engaged in interrogating
the miserable men engaged in the Monmouth
rebellion when on trial. It reminded me of
those times. I have the bench and the bar
and the jury, and the alarmed and terrified
prisoners before me now, and I see them cate-
chised and questioned, and confused and con-
victed. Every Senator acquainted with the
history of the assizes can but recognize that
this narrative of examination in the courts
of South Carolina was but a repetition of the
