142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
amendment of Mr. Killingeb ; and upon a
division there were—ayes 67, noes 61.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ARCHER called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Kilianger
and Mr. Archer were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes 107, noes 32.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. I move to amend the first
section of the substitute by striking out all
after the enacting clause and inserting in lieu
thereof what I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
That from and after the 3d day of March, 1873. the
House of Representatives shall be composed of two
hundred and ninety-one members, to be apportioned
among the several States in accordance with the
provisions of this act; that is to say,within the State
of Maine, five; within the State of New Hamp-
shire, three; within the State of Vermont, three;
within the State of Massachusetts, eleven: within
the State of Rhode Island, two; within the State of
Connecticut, four; within the State of New York,
thirty-three; within the State of New Jersey, seven;
within the State of Pennsylvania, twenty-seven;
within the State of Delaware, one; within the State
of Maryland, six; within the Stato of Virginia, nine ;
within the State of North Carolina, eight; within the
State of South Carolina, five; within the State of
Georgia, nine; within the State of Alabama, eight;
within the State of Mississippi, six; within the State
of Louisiana, six; within the State of Ohio, twenty;
within the State of Kentucky, ten; within the State
of Tennessee, ten; within the State of Indiana, thir-
teen : within the State of Illinois, nineteen ; within
the State of Missouri, thirteen; within the State of
Arkansas, four; within the State of Michigan, nine;
within the State of Florida, one; within the State
of Texas, six ; within the State of Iowa, nine; with-
in the State of Wisconsin, eight; within the State of
■ California, /our; within the State of Minnesota,
three; within the State of Oregon, one; within the
State of Kansas, three; within the State of West
Virginia, three; within the State of Nevada, one;
within the State of Nebraska, one: Provided, That
if after such apportionment shall have been made
any new State shall be admitted into the Union, the
Representative or Representatives of such n ew State
shall be additional to the number of two hundred
and ninety-one herein limited.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Chairman, for my own
part I would not have advised any increase
in the number of Representatives. I voted in
favor of the proposition that was offered by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Bright,] to
keep the House of Representatives at its pres-
ent number. That is my own judgment in re-
lation to the proper number to compose this
House. But by a very considerable majority
it has been indicated that the House does not
intend to restrict the number of Representa-
tives to that fixed under existing law, but
intends to increase it.
The only consideration in my judgment that
should be looked at in fixing the number of
Representatives is what is the best practicable
number for a working legislative body. But
that is a consideration that has hardly been
looked at here at all, hardly suggested by any-
body. The question with members from each
State seems to be, how are we to increase the
representation from our State? Now, Mr. Chair-
man, I do not consider it a matter of very
great importance whether Vermont has two
Representatives or three, provided she has her
fair share and proportion. By keeping the
members of the House at the present number
Vermont would be reduced to two members.
I was in favor of that; I am in favor of it now.
If the majority of the House would agree to it,
I should be altogether better satisfied to have
it in that way.
The only argument I have heard advanced
why we should increase the aggregate number
of Representatives is that it is "desirable to"
prevent any State from losing any. If we are
to enter upon that benevolent undertaking,
why not carry it out? By the bill which has
been proposed by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Merour] we increase the num-
ber to two hundred and eighty; and it is pro-
posed by the bill which the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Faunsworth] has the care of
that it be increased to two hundred and eighty-
three. The substitute I now propose raises
the number to two hundred and ninety-one,
not a very large increase above the number
named in those two bills; and it goes far
enough to save the present number of Repre-
sentatives from the States of Vermont and New
Hampshire.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the ratio proposed in
my amendment has, as will be seen, a very
material advantage in relation to the fractions.
It was suggested by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Mercur] himself, that very much
importance ought to be attached to securing
a ratio that will result in the smallest number
of fractions. Gentlemen will see by look-
ing at the table furnished us by the Superin-
tendent of the Census, that the fractions upon
the basis of two hundred and ninety-one mem-
bers are half a million less than they are upon
any of the other ratios that are proposed.
It is true, Mr. Chairman, that my propo-
sition gives an additional Representative to
New Hampshire, although her fraction is a
trifle less than one half. I think that we have
the right to give some consideration to the
number of Representatives from a State. Sup-
pose a State having twenty Representatives
has a fraction of one hundred thousand; if
that fraction is divided up among the various
districts, the number of people to be repre-
sented by each member is only increased by
the addition of five thousand; but if a State
with two Representatives has a fraction of
one hundred thousand, the number to be
represented by each member is increased fifty
thousand. The Constitution provides that
Representatives shall be apportioned among
the several States according to the respective
number of their population. Of course we can
only reach the result approximately. What-
ever mode of calculation we may adopt the
number of Representatives will not come out
exactly even, and we cannot divide a Repre-
sentative; hence, we can reach only an ap-
proximation. Sometimes fractions have been
counted, and sometimes they have not been
counted. If the judgment of the House should
decide that these large fractions in a State
having only one or two Representatives should
be treated upon a somewhat different principle
from that adopted with reference to a State
having a large number of Representatives, I
take it our action would be in conformity with
the Constitution. If we are going to prevent
mischief by loss of representation, let us do it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, I antagonize the
motion of the gentleman from Vermont in so
far as it increases the number. The gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Poland] says that hitherto
nobody has debated the question as to the
increase of the number of this body 
Mr. POLAND. If the gentleman will excuse
me, I said that nobody who is in favor of the
proposition of two hundred and eighty had
debated it.
Mr. COX. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
If the propositions argued so well by my
friends from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr and Mr. Nib-
i.ack,] as well as the argument of an incon-
siderable person—whom it would not. be mod-
est to name—have any weight, then it would
apply, a fortiori, against this amendment for
two hundred and ninety-one. Against the gen-
tleman from Vermont I would quote even a
stronger authority than himself. Judge Story,
in his Commentaries on the Constitution, vol-
ume two, page 120, says, in discussing the
question which is now before the House, that—
" The question is and forever must be, in every
nation, a mixed question of sound policy and discre-
tion with reference to its size, its population, its
institutions, its local and physical condition, and all
other circumstances affecting its own interests and
convenience."
He takes the ground in a very emphatic
paragraph (section six hundred and fifty-one)
against the increase of the number. He held
that sixty-five was enough atthe beginning of
our Government; and the "fathers" in 1790
thought that one hundred and eight were suf-
ficient. He quotes Cardinal De Retz, who said
that every public assembly over one hundred in
number amounted to a mob. In my humble
judgment three hundred cannot do the business
of forty million people as well as two hundred.
We number now forty more than we should in
this House for the pui'pose of business. The
people who gather in our galleries and look
down on our attempt to be decorous and duti-
ful, look upon this assemblage almost as a cha-
otic farce. They cannot understand how we
do anything here in this noisy and numerous
body.
1 would quote, in addition, another extract
from Judge Story. It should have some
influence on this House. In referring to the
fact that the State of Massachusetts had a
larger Legislature, while Pennsylvania had
but one fifth of the number, he goes on to say;
"Nothing can be more fallacious than to found
political calculations on arithmetical principles.
Sixty or seventy men may be more properly trusted
with a given degree of power than six or seven.
But it does not follow that six or seven hundred
would be proportionably a better depositary. And
if the supposition is carried on to six or seven thou-
sand, the whole reasoning ought to be reversed. The
truth is, that in all eases a certain number seems
necessary to secure the benefits of free consultation
and discussion, to guard against too easy a combi-
nation for improper purposes, and to prevent hasty
and ill-advised legislation. On the other hand the
number ought to be kept within a moderate limit,
in order to avoid the confusion, intemperance, and
inconvenience of a multitude. It was a famous say-
ing of Cardinal De Retz that every public assembly,
consisting of more than one hundred members, was
a mere mob. But surely this is just as incorrect as
it would be to aver that every one which consisted
of ten members would be wise."
In our Republic we have a representative sys-
tem. Our people cannot meet, as in the Grecian
agora, in one mass. Our people cannot by
any possibility assemble, much less legislate
and debate. The question is, what is a proper
representation of their varied interests? I
would go back to the fathers. I would go back
to those men who studied the spirit, form, and
structure of our polity as interpreted by the
best commentator of their work.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question recurred on Mr. Polaxd's
amendment.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 32, noes 102.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment to the first section of the
substitute. It provides for the same distribu-
tion of Representatives as the first section of
the bill of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnswortii,] which section has already been
adjusted by this committee. What is of still
more c-onspquence, it is in accordance with the
result of the census as taken underthe amended
Constitution. It makes the ratio of representa-
tion a little more than one hundred and thiity-
four thousand. I will not debate this proposi-
tion, but will refer members to the table and
suggestions which I submitted to the Houssp a
few days since. Let my amendment be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
. Strike out all after the word " Representatives ''
m line four of section one, and in lieu thereof insert
the following:
Shall be composed of two hundred and eighty-
three members, to be apportioned among the several
btates m accordance with the provisions of this act ■
that is to say, within the State of Maine, five'-
H o1? tbe State of New Hampshire, two ; within
the state of Vermont, two; within the State of Mas-
sachusetts, eleveni; within the Stato of Rhode Island
two; within the State of Connecticut, four; within
the State of New York, thirty-two; within the Stato
of New Jersey, seven; within the State of Pennsyl-
vania, twenty-six; within the State of Delaware,
one ; within the wAate of Maryland, six; within the
btate of Virginia, nine; within the State of North
Carolina eight; within the State of South Carolina,
five; within tne State of Georgia, nine; within tho
State of Alabama,seven; within the St.iteof Missi,-
®JPPI'S1X' within the State of Louisiana, five; within
the State ot Ohio, twenty; within the State ot Keii-
Aon;, tbc State of Tonnessec, nine;
Wi- rW ■ •1'e °f ' nJiana, twelve; within the Slate
of Illinois, eighteen; within the State of Missouri,
thirteen; within the State of Arkansas, four; within
the State of Michigan, nine; within the State of
tu o. ' 0ni',; within the State of Texas, six : within
tne .state of Iowa, nine; within the Stato of Wi^con-
™P.'i,-eig.u: ^U.hin A?. State of California, four;
withm the State of Minnesota, three; within th«
