1934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
a literary work contributes a percentage to
the author.
How else is the native talent of America or
of any other country to be fully developed?
For, in order to be fully developed, even in
men of decided genius in the various depart-
ments of literature, there must be a surety of
subsistence from literary effort alone, and that,
too, of not so serious a degree as to impair the
physical or mental health and well-being of
him who may be gifted with the genius in
question. Who is going to rely on the preca-
rious subsistence from literature when the
result must be, or even when it may be that
he will not be able to educate his sons for the
avocations to which they aspire, or his daugh-
ters for the position in society which they are
in every other respect well fitted to fill.
Surely we should do all we can to enable
the literary mau, from whom we daily derive
so much pleasure, to place himself and those
dear to him beyond al ldunger of discomfort
while preparing the works with which he
regales us. There is among us many a genius
who can only afford to flash on us like the
meteor, but who could and would warm and
quicken our souls like the midday sun. There
may be even now in our midst many a country-
house drudge whose "breast is pregnant with
celestial fire," "mute, inglorious Miltons"
may be metamorphosed into contending
"bulls" and "bears," occupations which
must surely " freeze the genial current of their
souls."
In this country only those who have the rare
combination of wealth and literary talent can
afford to devote their whole time to literature.
But of these how few again are willing to do so.
Their wealth places within their reach so many
luxuries and so many modes of enjoyment to
lure them from the drudgery of authorship,
that a man of wealth who is also distinguished
as an author is indeed a rara avis.
It is true that occasionally a successful wri-
ter o.f fiction may, by a "happy hit," make
by a novel on which he has spent a whole year
as much as a gambler in stocks often makes in
sin hour by the questionable tricks of histrade.
But these are, most emphatically, exceptional
cases. On the other hand, it is a notorious
fact that those authors whose works are built
on original research, and who supply us with
so much information that is both useful and
entertaining, unless they have privatefortunes
to incur the necessary expenses of their pre-
liminary research, must have the market of
the whole reading world for their literary
wares. Let, then, the bil! become a law, and
you at once place it within the power of every
capable brain to produce not only such works
as will instruct and amuse, but such as will
also build up the fame and exalt the intellec-
tual status of the nation.
It is the almost universal opinion among the
illiterate, who flourish entirely on their muscle,
that the effort required in the production of
even an original work is as nothing compared
with their own bodily plodding from sun to
sun. Nay, 1 greatly fear that too many edu-
cated persons who have never themselves at-
tempted the production of a literary work, nor
thoughtfully considered the amount of labor
necessarily endured by authors, are of much
the same opinion. Yet is there 110 greater
mistake. He alone who has felt both the
weariness of the plodding muscle and the far
more exhausting weariness of the overtasked
brain can appreciate the exceeding fallacy of
this position. The very fact so well known to
physiologists that brain-workers require more
sleep to keep them in health than manual
laborers, is in itself sufficient to set the matter
at rest with all reasonable beings. So also
are the consequences of curtailed sleep much
more disastrous to the brain-worker, for while
the one shall impair his physical health only,
the other shall too often lapse into that most
melancholy of all earthly conditions, that,
namely, when the body may remain intact by
disease, but the immortal mind may be utterly
wrecked, the reason dethroned, and blank
idiocy stare out unmeaningly on that world
which before the indwelling genius had
thrilled with delight. The gloomy list is a
long one, of authors who have been driven
into madness by their honest efforts to wring
from their brains a becoming support for
themselves and those dependen t on them.
There are books which are the result of
years of research, necessitating the learning
of several languages to begin_with, to be fol-
lowed by traveling and sojourning for years in
foreign countries in order to have access to
all records bearing in the remotest degree on
the proposed subject. Such books are not only
in themselves instructive and interesting to
all, but they are destined to serve future his-
torians, biographers, moralists, and others for
centuries to come as books of reference, whence
they may draw material for their various labors.
It is well known that such books can pay the
expenses of those who write them only on one
condition, namely, that the market of the en-
tire world shall be open to them. The obvious
reason is that such works, being necessarily
very voluminous and costly, not enough pur-
chasers can be found in any one country to
remunerate the author. Take, for instance,
Motley's Dutch History, comprising five large
volumes. If you confine him to the markets
of our own country his expenses necessarily
incurred in getting the materials and compos-
ing the work would never be paid, although it
had here a large sale. But add the markets
of England, France, and Germany, and you
not only enable him to wipe out all his heavy
expenditures, but you do further what simple
justice demands ; you remunerate him hand-
somely for the noble work lie has thus done
in elevating the American name in the "litera-
ture of the world.
Now, it is certainly not too much to say that
had not. Mr. Motley been a man of wealth his
great work would never have been written, for
the great uncertainty that he would ever be
repaid—nay, I may say the certainty that he
would never be paid—in the absence of an
international copyright, and the slight prospect
of one must have deterred him from this formid-
able undertaking, in which he has done both
himself and the nation so much honor, and
would have forced him into some comparatively
insignificant literary project, from which, per-
haps, would have accrued but a slight share
of either personal or national honor. Are
you then prepared to leave the accomplishing
of such world-useful works to the exceedingly
remote chance that may not again occur in a
century, namely, the combination in one man
of great wealth, extraordinary talent of a par-
ticular sort, and energy and ambition suffi-
cient to induce him to undertake a most form-
idable task, as well as the physique to enable
him to endure, and the perseverance to enable
him to carry it 011 to completion ? Is it not
evident that we shall be recreant to our duty
as Representatives, sent here to legislate for
the common weal and for the common glory,
just so long as we neglect to elicit by liberal
legislation—110, I will say just legislation, for
there is really no liberality shown in merely
enacting an international copyright bill—the
exercise of such talent as the illustrious ex-
ample I have just cited proves to exist in at
least one, and may exist in many more of our
citizens, awaiting but our fostering care to
develop it into full fruition ?
Perhaps the worst of it all is that our very
best authors are the ones who suffer most from
the want of such a bill, and this in the very
nature and necessity of the case ; for their
works alone are reproduced in England and
other foreign countries, and consequently they
alone are robbed, while the productions of our
comparatively stupid authors are those given the
go-by. The melancholy fact is that while a dull
compiler who supplies the scantlack of brains
in his head by means of a pair of scissors in
his hand, to clipitemsfrom11ew3pai1e.ru. some-
times with, but as often without, a pencil to
dovetail bunglingly into each other disjointed
fragments which are not of the remotest kinsnip,
may get up a work which, by means ot an ever-
ready swarm of" agents," is made to flood th"
country with what is little better than wastf-
paper and to bring thousands of dollars into his
pocket. To cite a notable instance of this ;
within a few months after Abraham Lincoln s
death several so-called "lives" of him,gotup
in the above-named style, were confidently
launched on the American public. They were
such lives as had before forced some caustic
though healthy satirist to say of them that they
doubled the terrors of death. Yet the result
justified the venture in every instance, for sev-
eral hundred thousand copies of the trashy
tomes were soon disposed of, and that, too, at
no small prices.
Thus while men of less than mediocre cast
of mind may make fortunes in this very ques-
tionable, not to say demoralizing mode, it, is
sad enough to know that poets like Longfellow
and novelists like Hawthorne, while they got
barely enough at home to constitute a paltry
remuneration, were robbed in England of many
thousands of dollars, which, could they have
secured, would have enabled them to devote
themselves exclusively to literature without
encroaching year by year 011 their private
possessions for the support of their families.
It has well been said by a great writer that the
chief glory of apeople is their literature. Why,
then, since the truth of the saying lias been
almost universally admitted, should a people's
"chief glory" be protected so indifferently
well, while their lesser glories, nay, the very
least of them, are looked after with the most
jealous care to the end that they be not
encroached upon by the people of other
nations? If there must be neglect of any, by
all means let it be the minor glories that shall
suffer. But why neglect any? Surely there
is 110 reason under heaven why we should.
Notoriously one of the greatest of all the
many difficulties with which the publisher has
to contend is that of judging correctly of the
value of a manuscript submitted to him for
purchase or publication ; in other words, how
it will take with the public on whom he de-
pends for remuneration. This difficulty is
indeed so generally recognized by that fra-
! ternity as to have begotten among them a
' very common opinion that a publisher had
better know nothing of the manuscripts sub-
mitted to him; and that if ho be himself a
man of literary tastes he should never under
any circumstances examine the manuscripts
for fear he may be influenced by such tastes
to make a profitless venture. It is said, too,
that young publishers, who have had but little
experience in such matters, always think, pi-o-
vided they have a literary turn, that they can
tell the pecuniary value of a manuscript, but
that old and experienced publishers hold
themselves totally incompetent to judge, hav-
ing been too often disastrously deceived.
But while it is true that a publisher cannot
know the valine of what he buys, there is
nevertheless open to him a far more promis-
ing field for operations where such perplexing
uncertainties do not prevail—the reproduc-
tion, namely, of foreign works, more par-
ticularly those of England. Such works hav-
ing already been submitted to the perusal of
a people, and having undergone, bevond the
water, criticisms which reach him almost as
soon as the volumes which they praise or con-
demn, he is at no loss which of the many to
choose, for it is seldom, indeed, that a work
which is successful in one country will fail in
another. It is manifestly to the publisher's
interest, therefore, in many instances, to turn
from the piles of manuscript, which may have
been submitted to him by unknown native
