90
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February i3,
Ho. of Reps.
Consular and Diplomatic Appropriations—Mr. Voorhees.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
appeal solely to that sense of justice which I
hope may ever be relied upon to discount-
enance any such measure of unequal and
unjust legislation.
I will repeat some remarkable passages of
this letter from the Mayor of Chicago, which
may be supposed to contain the most cogent
reasons that exist why this bill should pass.
These passages are so refreshing they will bear
a second reading. It asserts that—
" The Government has already received its duties
on all imported articles used in the first building of
our city, &c. The fires in your Stateorin Michigan
would not equal the loss of property suffered here on
tho space of a single square of ground; and their
insurance 'pans out' much better than ours; and
their losses are transient and can soon be restored,
especially in view of the liberal donations they have
received.
" We object to being compelled to pay a second
tax to the Government and a second bounty to the
manufacturers in order to restore our destroyed
property.
" Our people regard it as very harsh and unfeeling
for the Senators of Michigan to fight the rebate bill.
" I notice that you advocate a direct appropria-
tion out of the Treasury. Our people want nothing
of the kind.
" The city is richly entitled to the mode and meas-
ure of relief which she asks at the hands of Congress.
She has been a giant in supporting the Government
and the Republican party heretofore. She sent
twenty-seven thousand five hundred Union soldiers
to the Army for three years. She has paid the Fed-
eral Government $70,000,000 ofinternal revenue since
the rebellion broke out, and as much more external
or tariff taxes. She has not in twenty years elected
a Democra t to Congress.
" Chicago can remember as well as forget, resent
as well as reward."
I submit, without commcnt, the political
considerations as well as the implied throat.
From 1855to 1866, inclusive,the "reciprocity
treaty" was in operation. It established free
trade between the United States and the Brit-
ish North American provinces in the following
specified articles:
"Grain,flour, and bread stuffs; animals o fall kinds;
ashes; fresh, smoked, and salted meats; timber and
lumber of all kinds, round, hewed, and sawed and
manufactured; cotton, wool, seeds and vegetables;
ixndriod fruits, dried fruits; fish of all kinds; pro-
ducts of fish and all the creatures living in the
water; poultry; eggs; hides, furs, skins, or tails,
undressed ; stone or marblein itscrudoorunwfouebt
state; slate; butter, cheese, tallow; ores of metals of
all kinds; coal; unmanfacturedtobacco; pitch, tar,
turpentine; firewood; plants, shrubs, trees; pelts;
wool; fish-oil; riee and broom-corn; barks, gypsum,
ground and unground; wrought or unwrought burr
and grindstones; dye-stuffs; flax, hemp, and tow,
unmanufactured; rags."
It will be observed that manufacturers of
lumber have not enjoyed the benefit of equal
laws. From 1855 to 1861 every branch almost
of industry had the benefit of a free market
for exports, while lumber was largely and
freely imported ; and from 1861 to 1867, lum-
bermen suffered from the same competition,
and yet were obliged to manufacture with all
the additional expense of labor and supplies
consequent upon the protection which the
tariff policy theu initiated gave to every other
interest. It is only since the termination of
that treaty that the lumber interest has been
on an equal footing with other industries.
Unless the " first building" of that part of
Chicago which was burned took place within
the last five years—and this is not the case
according to popular recollection, no "tariff
tax" nor "bounty to manufacturers" was
paid—that portion of Chicago, so far as lum-
ber was concerned, had the advantage of per-
fect free trade at the expense of lumbermen.
And now they may properly retort that Chi-
cago has had their lumber without paying an
honest price corresponding to the prices of
other commodities; and it is now " harsh and
unfeeling" for Chicago to still farther impov-
erish them, in this hour of their adversity, by
asking that they should consent to be utterly
ruined in order that the whole family of spec-
ulators may fatten on the remnant of their
slender means which has survived the fires.
Consular and Diplomatic Appropriations.
SPEECH OF HON. D.W.YOORHEES,
OP INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 23, 1872.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 1323) making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1873—
Mr. VOORHEES said:
Mr. Speaker: I desire to submit some
remarks upon the subject of our relations with
the kingdom of Spain, and I have sought
this opportunity to do so because they would
be in order upon this bill. In the measure
now pending we have made haste to pay our
compliments to the foremost despotic Power
on earth. In' the face of grave and delicate
complications we have been extraordinarily
gracious to the empire of Russia. I pass
by that matter; I raise no objection at this
stage to the bill on this account: I think
there is much of affectation in the eager friend-
ship displayed by the great American Repub-
lic for the gigantic and despotic barbarian of
northern Europe, whose instincts, traditions,
and institutions are all against every aspiration
of human liberty. Some things I might say
under other circumstances on this point which
at this time I waive.
I stand here, however, to utter in this con-
nection, as it seems to mc most appropriate to
do, a voice in behalf of a struggling, down-
trodden, suffering, and oppressed people. If-
this bill can receive the sanction of the House,
conveying as it does the highest compliment
this Government can pay to the strongest des-
potism in the world, I deem it a very fitting
and proper time for us to express our tradi-
tional sympathy with those who are struggling
and bleeding for liberty in other quarters of
the globe. I shall withhold my assent to this
bill. I shall do so because it contains an ap-
propriation to sustain the consulship at Havana,
in the island of Cuba. As long as that officer
does not receive the respect of the Spanish
authorities, and can not secure safety to Ameri-
can citizens or American interests, just so long
I will withhold my sanction from any appro-
priation of money to continue diplomatic re-
lation with the Government of Spain.
The power of Spain is gradually vanishing
from the American hemisphere, and her retire-
ing footsteps are bathed in blood, as was her
advancing march nearly four hundred years
ago. On the 10th day of October, 1868, a
revolution broke out in the island of Cuba, a
country embracing nearly forty-three thousand
square miles of territory, inhabited by more
than one and a half million people. It was
a revolt against the oppression and accumu-
lated wrongs of centuries. It was a blow
inspired by ages of misrule, cruelty, crime,
and indifference to human rights. I speak
to-day for practical purposes. A short time
since I introduced resolutions into this body,
and asked for action upon them. If I had been
able at that time to explain to the House the
points I desired to establish, I believe this pop-
ular and more generous branch of the Ameri-
can Congress would have given the sanction
which I asked. I believe whenever the ques-
tion then presented is again raised this House
will act favorably upon the principles I there-
in set forth.
The members of this House, however allied
to parties, or shaken by the ephemeral ques-
tions of the hour, are all, I fondly imagine,
responsive to the cries and entreaties of a
people fighting against desperate odds to break
the chains of a bondage as old as the discovery
of the New World, and as brutal as the dark-
est days of Philip II. I appeal to the hearts
and the judgments of men, and not to the
interests or organizations of parties. The
facts which are in my possession, and with
which I have to deal, lift me up to that high
level where I hear the voice of the oppressed
Cuban saying in beseeching tones, "Do unto
others as you would have them do unto you."
Sir, if the people of Cuba are in arms
against Spain the first question will be
whether they have cause for their conduct.
I am ready to answer this natural inquiry.
I hold in my hand a statement of Manuel
Becarra, the colonial minister of Spain. He
will not be suspected of stating the case too
strongly against the Government of which ha
ia a high and important official. At Madrid,
on the 10th of September, 1869, almost a year
after the commencement of the Cuban revolu-
tion, it was justified by this distinguished
Spanish officer in the following official lan-
guage :
"A deplorable and pertinacious tradition of des-
potism, which, if it could ever be justified, is without
a shadow or reason at the present time, intrusted
the direction and management of our colonial estab-
lishment to the agents of the metropolis, destroying,
by their dominant and exclusive authority, the vital
energies of the country, and the creative and pro-
ductive activity of fiee individuals."
He expresses it well: " a deplorable and per-
tinacious tradition of despotism" has followed
the flag of Spain wherever it has cursed hor
colonial possessions. Liberty has withered at
her approach, and humanity has shuddered at
her horrible and sanguinary lust of power and
of gold. To the student of history she appears
in all her dealings with her colonies without
conscience, pity, or remorse.
Need I stop here to discuss this and cite
illustrations? Need I pause to recall the
sickening and appalling career of Spain in
North and South America, and in the West
Indies? The atrocities of the Spanish gold-
seeker, the enslaver, the murderer, the rav-
isher, and the pirate by land and sea of the
sixteenth century, will never fade from the
memories of men. They have committed the
Spanish name to everlasting infamy in the
western world. Cuba has been from the first
a conspicuous victim of the rapacity and des-
potism of Spain. She has been a Spanish
colony from the discovery of Columbus, and
that statement alone reveals her miserable
fate. She has had no representation in the
home government. She has no council of
her own; no voice in her local affairs. She
has been taxed as no other people have been
in human history. She has been made a ser-
vile dependency far the purpose of pouring
treasure into the coffers of a distant Govern-
ment. She has had a consul general upon the
island, with powers as lofty, as arbitrary, as
difficult to appeal from as the edict ot' his
royal master. The people of Cuba revolted
against such a condition. Am I wrong in
supposing that the great heart of the American
people is in earnest sympathy with a people
thus wronged striving to achieve their liber-
ties? Am I wrong in supposing that the Rep-
resentatives of a Republic here assembled
cannot be indifferent to the fate of such a
people in such a cause?
But it has emanated in various ways and
from time to time from the Department of
State that the struggle iu Cuba was of small
moment; that it did not rise to the dignity
and proportions of a war. Upon this ques-
tion I ask the candid attention of this body.
I conceive there is no subject on which the
public mind of this country is so little informed
as on this. We are almost wholly ignorant
of the magnitude of the struggle for liberty
now taking place within sight of the Ameri-
can coast. Within sixty miles of American
soil there is a contest for freedom at this
