THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
State of Oregon, one; within the State of Kansas,
three; within the State of West Virginia, three;
■frithin the State of Nevada, one; within the State
Of Nebraska, one; Provided, That if, after such
apportionment shall have been made, any new State
shall be admitted into the Union, the Represent-
ative or Representatives of such new State shall be
additional to the number of two hundred and eighty-
three herein limited.
' Mr. MERCUR. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state his point of order.
Mr. MERCUR. It is this; that the amend-
ment, of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gab-
field] is substantially the bill introduced by
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnswobth]
in all its terms, and that it is not in order to
move it in this way as a substitute for the bill
which I have introduced as a substitute for the
original bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not offer
it as a substitute, but simply as an amend-
ment to the first section, just as the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Poland] offered a simi-
lar amendment to the first section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is in order.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to appeal to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] to with-
draw his amendment temporarily in order that
we may have a vote on the proposition to re-
duce the number of Representatives below the
number in the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That has been
had already.
Mr. NIBLACK. Not upon the number I
propose. I appeal to him, as I was on a former
occasion excluded on a point of order, to
withdraw his amendment, for a few moments,
that we may have a vote on the proposition I
have indicated.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the commit-
tee will permit my motion to come upas soon
as the proposition of the gentleman from In-
diana is voted upon, I consent to yield to him.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will consider
that that is the understanding if there is no
objection. The Chair hears none.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to amend the sub-
stitute offered by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Mkbcur] as follows:
In the fifth line, strike out the word "eighty,"
and insert in lieu thereof the word " fifty."
I gave notice the other day, when occupying
the floor for a short time on this bill, that I
would at the proper time move to amend the
substitute by reducing the number to two hun-
dred and forty-one. But, after some consult-
ation, I have come to the conclusion that my
motion will be a stronger one if I make the
number two hundred and fifty, instead of two
hundred and forty-one as I originally intended.
The result of the vote this morning upon
the substitute offered by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Bright,] I took as an indi-
cation on the part of the committee that the
House intends to increase the number beyond
its present limit. Acting, then, upon the ad-
vice of friends around me, and upon the indi-
cations which have been given by the vote
already taken, I have concluded to submit an
amendment proposing to make the number of
members of this House hereafter to consist of
two hundred and fifty, and 1 think this will be
considered a fair compromise with all those
members of the House who are not inclined
to go for any very great increase over the
present number. I earnestly hope, Mr. Chair-
man, that the House will agree to my amend-
ment, not because I have local interests to
serve by_ it, or any personal interests, but
because I believe that we ought not to make
this House consist of more, in any event, than
two hundred and fifty members, and for the
purpose of settling this question as to whether
we should adhere to something like the present
numbers. I therefore offer this amendment,
and shall insist on a vote upon it.
I am not prepared to state what effect this
will have on different States. That is not
necessary. We have first to determine what
the number shall be, and it will then be
time enough to settle matters of detail. I
shall not complicate my motion by indicating
what proportions of representation the differ-
ent States shall have.
The question was on agreeing to Mr. Nib-
lack's amendment.
Mr. NIBLACK demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Niblack
and Mr. Farnswortii were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 69, noes 82.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I again offer
my amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow an amendment to be offered fixing
the number at two hundred and sixty instead of
two hundred and eighty three? The adoption
of his substitute might, perhaps prevent that
motion from being made hereafter.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We have had
two test votes already on the question of a
lower number. Let us now have a vote on the
proposition I have offered.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to
make a statement to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Mercur, J who was under the
impression that this was the identical bill
already passed upon on the motion of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farksworth.]
Mr. MERCUR. Not passed upon, but
pending.
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, pending; but this
amendment is changed so as to bring it within
the rule.
Mr. HAY. Mr. Chairman, this amend-
ment is substantially the first section of the
bill reported by my colleague, [Mr. FaRns-
worth.] During the period of five minutes
allowed for debate it is impossible to give
my views satisfactorily upon this subject. I
wish, however, to say that, like the gentle-
man from Vermont, I voted for the substitute
proposed by the gentleman from Tennessee,
restricting the number of this House to two
hundred and forty-three, and the amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana, fixing it at
two hundred and fifty. But, sir, there have
been two fair tests of the sense of the House,
and it is clear to my mind that a large major-
ity is in favor of a considerable increase in
the number, and no practical result can be
attained by opposing that feeling.
Now, with, regard to the two bills which are
before us for consideration—the bill reported
by my colleague, and that of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania—I have this to say: all the
arguments which have been presented show
that the bill of my colleague is the fairest, and
the most deserving of support. It is founded
upon the basis of a simpl e and just mathematical
calculation to which no one can reasonably
object. The principal objection, and one that
ought to strike the mind of every fair man, to
the bill of thegentleman from Pennsylvania, is
that it denies full representation here to the three
great and prosperous States of Ohio, Illinois,
and Missouri, whose growth in population is
far more rapid than that of any other States
in the Union.
I confess, sir, that I can scarcely understand
this under-current of feeling now developing
itself, which seems t.o be prompting members
to oppose the bill of the gentleman from Illi-
nois. Is it because it is supposed, or feared,
that the votes of the Representatives from those
States may not be in the interest of New Eng-
land and the middle States? Sir, having the
largest fractions over a moiety, these great
States, growing faster in population than any
others, should, by every consideration of right
and justice, have their full measure of repre-
sentation in this House, and I trust it will be
conceded to them.
While I would prefer that the House should
remain at its present number, I am by no
means alarmed at an increase, such as has
been proposed in the bills now pending. In
proportion to the population represented on
this floor, this is as small a popular legisla-
tive body as probably can be found anywhere.
It is true that nnder present circumstances it
is difficult, to deliberate in this Chamber with
proper calmness and decorum, but that must
be set down largely to the useless furniture
which is here, and the habits of inattention
which we too constantly practice while mem-
bers are addressing us upon questions pending
before us. These desks ought to be removed,
so that we could gather around the Speaker
within a circle not further from his chair than
where I now stand. We should dispense with,
these pages, and, with a few desks on each side
of the Speaker's chair, to do such writing on
as is necessarily incident to legislation, we
could greatly improve upon our present man-
ner of conducting the proceedings of this
House, and more calmly and decorously delib-
erate in the discharge of our grave and responsi-
ble duties.
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio ; and there were—
ayes 70, noes 77.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. FarnswortH
and Mr. Mercur were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers '
reported—ayes 93, noes 89.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McHENRY. I move as an additional
section what I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sf.o. —. That the nineteenth section of the act
approved February 28, 1871, entitled "An act to
amend an act approved May 31,1870, entitled'An
act to enforce the rights of citizens of the United
States to vote in tho several States of this Union,
and for other purposes,'" shall not apply to any"
State whose constitution requires that votes shall
be cast viva voce.
Mr. McHENRY. The provision referred to
in my amendment is as follows :
That all votes for Representatives in Congress
shall hereafter be by written or printed ballot, any
law in any State to the contrary notwithstanding;
and all votes received or recorded contrary to tne
provisions of this section shall be of none effect.
Mr. HO All. I make the point of order that
this amendment is not germane to the subject-
matter of this bill.
Mr. McHENRY. The object of the amend-
ment is merely to regulate the manner of vot-
ing for Representatives in Congress. It is as
germane to the subject now before the House
as several amendments which have been offered
in regard to the time of voting for Represent-
atives.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
Mr. McHENRY. The constitution of Ken-
tucky requires that all votes at elections in
that State shall be viva voce. This House has
shown a disposition not to interfere with the
election laws of a State that are prescribed by
the constitution of that State. There are
probably other States which have the same
provision as Kentucky. By a law of Congress
we are to have our election for Representatives
in Congress at the same time as for electors
for President 'and Vice President. By the
law of February 28, 1871, we will be voting
!>}' ballot for Representatives in Congress,
whereas the constitution of Kentucky compels
us to vote viva voce for presidential electors.
I see no necessity for such a provision ; it must
produce confusion. To adopt my amendment
will be a relief to Kentucky, and to any other
State where there is such a requirement in her
constitution. If otir Legislature could conform
to such a law we would do it. But the con-
stitution of Kentucky cannot, by its own pro-
visions, be amended under seven years ; we
therefore cannot comply with the law of Con-
gress, except to have voting both viva voce and
by ballot at the same time.
I think Congress ought to permit us to vote
viva voce for Representatives in Congress as
we are compelled b^ our constitution to vote
for electors for President and Vice President,
