1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
372?
not that they are rebellion, not that they have
ever been considered rebellion by any civil-
ized countiy in the world, bat lor the pur-
poses of that enactment those crimes are to
be deemci rebellion. That is the provision
of your law.
In order to justify the power with which you
mean to clo'he the President you declare that
the acts which you enumerate in certain sec-
tions of the law shall be deemed rebellion,
and then confer upon the President absolute
power to suppress that rrbtilion which jou
your,-elves create. Yon call thatrebelhon which
never lias been regarded as rebellion under
any law in any civilized country ; and to sup-
press t lie rebellion which you have thus pro-
claimed by your statute, you clothe the Pres
ident of the United States not only with the
power of employing the Army and I lie Navy,
but you clothe him with the frightful power
of declaring martial law and suspending the
writ of habeas corpus, and denying to the
people of this country the rights which were
seeuie<i to them by their fathers in the adop-
tion of tbe Constitution.
Sir, the right to ili3 writ of habeas corpus is
a riyht which is the heritage of ireemen. it
came to us not by (lie adoption of the Federal
Constitution. It descended to us as our in-
heritance IruUl our forefathers; and for two
hundred years that writ lias been sacred in
England, iu the days of Charles 11 even
his prime minister, Clarendon, dared not. ad-
vise Cha'les to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus, but in orderto evade it he sent Biitish
subjects out of the leach of ihe benefit of that
writ, and he was impeached by the British
Parliament because be attempted to deprive
tlie cmzetis of England of the benefit of
habeas carpus. And yet iu the American Sen-
ate to day you propose to clothe the President
of the United btates with the fearlul power of
depriving the citizens of ibis free country of
the benelii, of the wiit of habeas coipus. You
confer upon him immunity to do mat which
led to the impeachment of Claiendon. and
which if attempted by Charles would have
cost liim bis head. And why do you propose
to confer upon the President this power ?
The excuse is made that crimes are com-
mitted iu ctrtain southern States. 1 am not
here to deny ihat crime may exist in the
southern States ; but let ask whose fault it
is that it does exist? 1 say it bet e, and 1 say it-
in the presence of the majority of the Senate,
that a large measure of the ctitnes which may
exist in the southern States exist there because
of the legislation of tlie majority of Congress.
That people after the termination of the war.
though despoiled of their property, though
mourning iheir dead, were comparatively
peaceful and happy. But. you stepped in with
jour legislation, in order that you might
control the politics of the country you stitred
up stnte between the white men and the
negroes; and you ought to take to yourselves
the unwholesome and unpleasant recolkction
that at least a portion, and a large portion, of
whatever crimes may exist there is justly
attributable to the legislation which you
your.-elves have enacted.
But suppose crime does exist there, have
you not Federal courts in every State in this
Union, and are not those courts clothed with
simple power to suppress it? You have the
judg-s. jou have the marshals, you have all
the machinery for extirpating c.ime in every
State in this Union, and if you do not do it
through Ihe medium of the Federal courts, it
is your fault; it is not the fault of the Demo-
er^-tic pirty.
Mr. President, I think it is not difficult to
discern what is the object of this legislation.
You propose to cominue this law until the 4th
of March. Why until the 4th of March? If a
rebellion exists in the southern States, how do
you know it will not exist 1 mger than tbe 4<ll
ot March? When the original bill was here,
the argument was theu advanced that it was
intended to effect the elections, and in order
to escape that conclusion Congress limited it
to the end'of the present session; but now,
when the presidential election is coming on,
you propose to extend it to the 4th of March.
I ask. why until the4th of March? Is it not
evident that the object is to clothe the Repub-
lican party with the power to control the elec-
tions if they see proper to do so? fs not that
a fair and a legitimate inference from the law
itself?
But, gentlemen, you cannot escape the
judgment of this country. Your party has
been derelict. If these crimes exist while
you have had the power through the courts to
suppress them, you have been derelict, and it
is one of the counts of the indictment against
you to day that according to your own confes-
sion in the very States which you have recon-
structed according to your own plans, in the
very Siates in which you have had the whole
control of the Federal courts, you say by this
legislation your acts of reconstruction have
proved an utter failure, if that is true, it is
time you had abdicated : and I am glad to
believe that the day is not far di.3t.ant when,
if you do not abdicate voluntarily, by the judg-
ment and voice of the American people at the
November ejections you will have to give up
power.
The honorable Senator from Indiana and
other Senators in this debate have undertaken
to arraign the Democratic party. Why, sir,
the Democratic party has not been in power
for ten years. That party is not responsible
for whatever may have taken place in this
country during that time. We have been in
the minority, and therefore we cannot be held
responsible for what has occurred iu the ad-
ministration of affairs in this country. Sir,
the Democratic party has steadily protested
against your usurpations of power. The Dem-
ocratic party has strenuously protested against
every invasion of the rights ot the people; and
yet you have not heeded its voice. It has stood
as a bulwark against your legislation, and
though it has not been potent enough to pre-
vent the enactment of unconstitutional laws,
yet it has protested against them. Why, sir.
when 1 look at the position ot the Democratic
party for ihe last ten years it reminds me of
Menclatis standing over the prostrate body of
Patroclus. We have been prote.-tmg against
the insults whieh your party have given to the
Constitution of your country. We have been
the defenders of ihe Constitution to the extent
of our ability, and only regret that we have
not had the power to save it from the violence
which you have inflicted upon it.
But, sir, I simply desired to enter my pro
test a«ainst, this measure, and did not expect to
discuss it or to say anything upon it. I felt,
however, that I could not permit it to come to
a vote without raising my voice against this
usurpation of power, this monstrous legisla-
tion, and without, stating that I was utterly and
irreconcilably opposed to conferring upon the
President of the United States any such fear-
ful and dangerous powers as you propose to
confer bv this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on ordering the bill to be engrossed and
read the third time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. THURMAN. I a-k for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Chief Cieik proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. ALCORN. I have been requested to
state that the Senator from Alabama [Mr.
Goldthwatte] is paired with tbe Senator
from Nebraska, [Mr. Hitchcock.] The Sen-
ator from Nebraska would vote lor the bill,
and ihe Senator from Alabama against it.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Hill] is paired with the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron.] The
Senator from Georgia would vote " nay," and
the Senator from Pennsylvania would vote
" yea."
Mr. NORWOOD. I am paired with tha
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] on this
bill. If he were here he would vote "yea,"
and I should vote '• nay."
Mr. WILSON. Iam paired with the Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mr. Sciiurz ]
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 am paired with the Sena-
tor from Nebraska, [Mr. Tiptos.] He would
vote l'nay," and I should vote '"yea."
Mr. CAMHRON. I am paired with the
Senator from tieorgia, [Mr Hii.t,.] If he were
here he would vote against this bill, and I
should vote for it-
Mr. CAS§ERLY. The Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Stockton] is paired with the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Cbagin'.] The
Senator from New Jersey, if he were here,
would vote against the passage of the bill, and
the Senator fro in New Hampshire would vote
for it.
Mr. OSBORN. I wish to state that my col-
league [Mr. Gilbert] was too ill to remaiu in
the Chamber until this late hour.
The result was announced—yeas 28, nays
15 ; us follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman. Cald-
well, Carpenter, Chandler, Cfa.yi on. Cafe, Conkling,
Corbett. Edmunds, Perry of Michigan, Fl.imi&un,
Frelinghuyscn, Hamlin, Logan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont. Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pome-
roy, Pool. Pratt, Robertson, Sawyer, Scott, and
Spencer—-28.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard. Blair, Cisserly,
Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Johnston, ICelly, R:msom, S.iulsOury, Sprague,
Stevenson. Thurtnan. and Viekers—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow. Buckingham, Cam-
eron, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, denton, Ferry of
Connecticut. Gilbert, Goldthwaite. Hamilton of
Texas, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Kellogg,
Lewis, Morton, Norwood, Rainaoy, Rice, Schurz,
Shermnn, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner. Tipton. Trum-
bull, West, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—31.
So the bill was passed.
CIVIL iugiits.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate
hill No. 1141, to declare and enforce the civil
rights of ci izens of the United States.
Mr. S FEVENSON. I call forthe yeas and
nays on that motion.
'l'he yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Caldwell, Cam-
eron. Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Oonklmg, Cor-
bott, Edmunds. Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Fre-
lingiiuyscn, Hamlin, Morrill of Vermont. Nye,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Robert-
son, Sawyer, Scott, Spencer, Sprague, Wilson, and
W right—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair. Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of West, Virginia, Hamilton of Maryland,
Johnston, Kelly, Norwood. Ransom, Saulsbury,
Stevenson, Thurtnan, and Viekers—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Brownlnw.
Buckingham, Cole, Crafrin, L>avi<? of Kentucky, Fen-
ton, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Gohltlnvaite,
Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock. Howe,
Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Miiinc, Morton,
Ramsey, Rice. Scliura. Sherman. Stewart, Stock-
ton, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, West, and Win-
dom—32.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOREMAN, (at five o'clock and forty-
five minutes a. m.) I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Several Senators. No, no; let us pass the
bill.
Mr. NYE. Let us pass this bill and amnesty,
and then go home to breakfast.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope we shall pass
this bill now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Doss the
Senator from West Virginia persist iu his
motion?
Mr. BOREMAN. Yes, sir, I do.
Several Senators. Let u-i vote it down.
Sir. STEVENSON. I demand the yea3
and nays on the motion to adjourn.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask the Senator to with-
draw his motion for a moment.
Mr. BOREMAN. No, sir, I insist on the
motion.
