18Y2.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBET
93
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Consular and Diplomatic Appropriations—Mr. Voorhees.
Ho. of Reps.
and cause every American heart to throb with
grief and rage? But it is not the dead alone
who call for redress. Turn to pages 14 and 15
of Executive Document No. 108, Forty-First
Congress, second session, and you will find the
names of thirty-nine persons, said to be Ameri-
can citizens, who have been condemned by the
Spanish authorities in Cuba to imprisonment
as long as hostilities continue in that island.
Some of them are ladies with familiar Ameri-
can names. They are in prison now. At this
moment they are watering the bread of their
captivity with their bitter, unavailing tears.
Their sentences declare that they are to remain
prisoners during the war. Who will tell me
the duration of their punishment? Let this
appalling fact be engraven upon your mem ories.
From the same document I quote another
list of twenty persons claiming to be Ameri-
can citizens whose property has been confis-
cated or embargoed during the hostilities in
Cuba. On page 19 of Executive Document,
No. 7, Forty-First Congress, second session,
will be found a decree of Domingo Dulce,
issued April 1, 1869, forbidding contracts for
the sale of property in Cuba from and after
that date, whereby the trade and commerce
of the United States has been seriously im-
paired, and many of her citizens ruined in
their fortunes. If there is any further mode
not yet adopted by Spain for the expression
of her contempt for this country, for her
honor, her flag, her commerce, the lives and
the liberty of her citizens, it lies beyond the
range of my imagination.
But in this connection another dreadful
feature of this horrible war starts into view.
What has been the conduct of Spain toward
the people of Cuba, on whom she is making
war because they love the examples of liberty
by which they are surrounded ? Now and then
in the history of the human race the great
heart of the world has been shocked by the
unlicensed barbarities of war. The atrocities
of Spain call for universal emotion and pro-
test and action throughout the civilized nations
of the earth. I have here the names of eighteen
hundred and twenty-eight people who have
been executed for political offenses since the
beginning of the rebellion in Cuba. Not only
their names but their places of residence, their
occupations, and the dates of their deaths are
all carefully given and published to the world.
In another list are contained the names, resi-
dences, and occupations of twenty-six hun-
dred and fifty more, who are known to have
been seized by the authorities of Spain, and
whose fate is unknown. No; it is not unknown.
They have with but few exceptions been mas-
sacred. They have gone to join the innumer-
able armies of freedom's martyrs in eternity.
Here, then, is a dark and mournful column
of forty-four hundred and seventy-eight Cu-
bans, exterminated for political offenses ; not
slain upon the battle-field; not stricken with
arms in their hands, but torn from their daily
avocations and hurried to ruthless and igno-
minious deaths. In addition to this frightful
record one hundred and forty-five Cubans have
been condemned to death who are out of the
reach of their enemies. Seven hundred and
seventy-seven men, women, and children have
been transported as convicts to penal colonies
on the coast of Africa and elsewhere. Their
names, residences, and many of the details in
each case are here before me. Some of them,
people of culture and refinement, are to-day
working in chain-gangs with the vilest crim-
inals beneath the sun. Among them are plant-
ers, merchants, mechanics, lawyers, clergy-
men, and physicians, and the representatives
of all the useful classes of human society. Can
we know these facts and remain unmoved?
If any one, however, doubts that such inhu-
man deeds can receive the sanction of Spain,
I will call his attention to an official proclama-
tion which truly and faithfully contains the
spirit of this war. It is as follows, and bears
its own date:
Bayamo, April 4,1889.
Inhabitants of the country! The reinforcements
of troops that I have been waiting for have arrived:
with them I shall give protection to the good and
punish promptly those that still remain in rebellion
against the Government of the metropolis.
You know that i have pardoned those that have
fought us with arms; that your wives, mothers, and
sisters have found in me the unexpected protection
that you have refused them. You know, also, that
many of those X have pardoned have turned against
us again.
Before such ingratitude, such villainy, it is not
possible for me to be the man that I have been; there
is no longer a place for a falsified neutrality; he that
is not for me is against me, and that my soldiers may
know how to distinguish, you hear the order they
carry:
1. Every man from the age of fifteen years upward
found away from his habitation, (finca,) and does
not prove a justified motive therefor, will be shot.
2. Every habitation unoccupied will be burned by
the troops.
3. Every habitation from which does not float a
white flag, as a signal that its occupants desire peace,
will be reduced to ashes.
Women that are not living at their own homes, or
at the houses of their relatives, will collect in the
town of Jiguani, or Bayamo, where maintenance
will bo provided. Those who do not present them-
selves will be conducted forcibly.
The foregoing determinations will eommenco to
take effect on the 14th of the present month.
EL CONDE DE VALMASEDA.
The man who conceived and wrote this brutal
andfelonious document is nowthe captain gen-
eral of Cuba with unlimited power over the lives
and liberties of her people. What may not
be expected in the shape of barbarism from a
man who required the boys of fifteen to "prove
a justified motive'' for their absence from home,
however brief the time or short the distance,
or be shot? This proclamation stamps him as
a cowardly and sanguinary monster. It con-
clusively convicts him of a nature and disposi-
tion equal to all the atrocities which have been
alleged against him. But it may be said that
it has been modified upon the urgent request
of our Government. In words it may have
been, but not in fact and in deed. From the
day of its date to the present hour no prisoners
of war have been taken. Spain evades the
obligation to spare the lives of prisoners by
taking none in battle. The helpless, the van-
quished, and the wounded are slaughtered on
the field. They die there and are reported as
having fallen in combat.
Yes, I call upon this House to bear witness
that now for nearly three years a war has been
waged almost within our sight and hearing,
with over one hundred thousand men against
a population of a million and a half of men,
women, and children, in which during that
period it is not pretended that prisoners have
been taken and spared in battle. The accounts
of the various and the revolting cruelties prac-
ticed by the troops of Spain on their victims
of every age and sex cannot be repeated here.
They would paralyze the tongue that uttered
them, and confound the audience that listened
to their awful recital. When savage red men
of the American wilderness burned their cap-
tives at the stake they were merciful in com-
parison to the soldiers of Spain on the plains
of Cuba.
In their generous love of liberty some young
Americans have joined the Cuban army of
independence. Can we censure them for the act ?
Did we not welcome Lafayette and Steuben and
De Kalb in the darkest hours of our Revolution ?
Did we not hold that they would have been
entitled to civilized treatment as prisoners of
war if they had fallen into the hands of our
enemy ? Can you imagine them tortured, to
death by British troops, under the orders of
British officers, with every circumstance of
indescribable and hellish horror ? Yet such was
precisely the fate of Majors C. B. Collins and
G. H. Harrison, Captain R. B. Moody, and
Lieutenant G. P. Strong, on the 17th day of
June, 1870, four gallant Americans fighting
the cause of an oppressed people on a portion
of American soil. Tied to trees, eyes put out,
ears cut off, mutilated out of all human sem-
blance, they perished miserably for a cause as
holy as that which baptized Bunker Hill or
Yorktown with immortal fame. Thousands
have suffered kindred atrocities and similar
fates. Their names will some day be gathered
together, if their bones cannot be, and em-
balmed in the tender gratitude and mournful
affection of an independent and free people.
Let one more illustration, however, proclaim
the outlawry of Spain from the pale and com-
panionship of civilized and Christian nations.
Who has forgotten the fate of the students at
Havana in November last? It amazed the
world like a clap of thunder from a clear sky.
I have all the facts officially stated. A Span-
iard by the name of Castanon was killed in
January, 1869, at Key West, by a Cuban, in
retaliation for sufferings upon the island. His
remains were taken to Havana and placed "in
one of the niches of the city cemetery; it is
closed by a glass plate; behind this is the tab-
let, upon which was hung at the time of the
interment a wreath of immortelles." I quote
still further from the letter of our vice consul,
Mr. Hall, dated November 28,1871. He says:
" Post mortem examinations, whether for judicial
or other purposes, are held in a building inside of
the cemetery grounds. The medical students of the
university are usually present at these examina-
tions, and, as they occur very frequently, the stu-
dents have free access to the place at all times.
" It appears that on Thursday last, 23d instant, a
number of medical students, from mischievous or
other motives, broke the glass before the niche of
Castanon, removed or destroyed the wreath, and
replaced it with another of materials of their own
selection."
This was the offense with which some forty
young medical students were charged. The
chaplain who remonstrated with them upon
the impropriety of their conduct testified before
the court-martial that the whole affair was " a
mere boyish freak meriting no exemplary pun-
ishment." But it soon was ascertained that
they were not even guilty of the trifling offense
at first brought against them. On the 2d of
December, 1871, Mr. Hall wrote again, and
this time as follows:
[No. 597.]
Mr. Hall to Mr. Hunter.
United States Consulate Gexeral,
Havana, December 2,1871.
Slit: With reference to the subject of my No. 596,
of 28th instant, I have now to correct some state-
ments made therein relative to the desecration of
the grave of Castanon. These statements were the
common report of the place, and I had not then had
time to ascertain all the facts.
From reliable sources it now appears that the
desecration referred to consisted merely of a few
scratches with a diamond upon the glass plate that
closes the niche. The glass was not broken, nor has
it been replaced by a new one; the wreath was not
touched; the chaplain of the cemetery was not
threatened, insulted, nor injured in any way by the
young men.
And this was all of their conduct. The
glass case was not opened; the withered flow-
ers were not removed; a few scratches with a
diamond ring, and the majesty of Spain called
for blood. At nightfall the arrests took place;
between midnight and day a court-martial was
convened, and at five o'clock in the afternoon
eight of these harmless boys, the youngest but
fourteen years of age, like one of these little
pages here, and the oldest not twenty, were
drawn up in a row and received the bullets of
Spain into their young and palpitating breast.?.
May God's wrath light upon the nation which
sanctions the cowardly and inhuman murder!
It is without a parallel save only in Spain's
own infamous colonial history in the western
hemisphere for more than three hundred years.
Thirty more of these boys were condemned to
long terms of servitude in the chain-gangs,
where they are now. Is the nation that per-
petrates these enormities entitled to the fel-
lowship of Christendom?
But peiimps it may be contended that Spain
