1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
145
and close debate 011 this bill. I believe I will
make that motion now.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 desire to offer an
amendment to be printed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I insist on my mo-
tion. It will not cut off amendments.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Debate maybe
closed by unanimous consent.
The motion that the committee rise was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Buf-
finton reported that, according to order, the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly the special order,
being House bill No. 243, for the apportion-
ment of Representatives to Congress among
the several States according to the ninth cen-
sus, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Before moving that
the House resolve itself again into the Com-
mittee of the Whole, I move that all further
debate on the pending bill and amendments
shall be closed in one minute after its consid-
eration shall be resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now move that
the rules be suspended, and the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole upon the
apportionment bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Bopfintox in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of House bill No.
243, for the apportionment of Representatives
to Congress among the several States accord-
ing to the ninth census.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
the debate on the pending bill and amend-
ments has been ordered to be closed in one
minute.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 move to amend by
adding the following as an additional section:
That the Secretary of the Interior shall cause to
be made, and report to Congress at its next session,
an enumeration of male citizens of the United States
over twenty-one year® of age, inhabitants of Massa-
chusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, and Georgia,
respectively, who are denied the right to vote at any
election for the choice of electors for President and
Vicc President of the United States, Representa-
tives m Congress, the executive and judicial officers
of the Stato in which they reside, or the members of
the Legislature thereof, because they cannot read or
write, or because they are not property-holders, or
because they shall not have paid taxes.
I desire to say just one word. We are act-
ing here utterly in the dark on this question.
The paper which has been laid before us is
not worth consideration. It is not given us
officially, because it is so carelessly done that
the Department dares not indorse it. I say
that we are acting here blindly and without
regard to this provision of the Constitution,
and I ask for tacts to enable ns to act upon
that provision hereafter.
Mr. HOAR. 1 desire to move an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson.]
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is in order at the present time.
Mr. DAWES. Is not an amendment to an
amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. This is already an
amendment to an amendment.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a point of order. I
desire to know whether, if an amendment
is moved in the shape of an additional sec-
tion, it is not in order to move to perfect that
additional section before adding it to the
bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would decide
that the whole bill is under consideration;
that there is an amendment already offered n
the nature of a substitute by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mercur;] and that
this being an amendment to that amendment
cannot be amended.
The question was taken on the amendment
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 10.
offered by Mr. Stevenson ; and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. The bill is probably now
in the shape in which it ought to pass: but I
wish to suggest a verbal amendment, which
may not affect the sense, but which I think it
is well to make. The language of the bill is,
that so many members shall be apportioned
"within" the State of Maine, &c. I suggest
the word " to.'' I therefore move the follow-
ing amendment:
Amend by striking out the word "within" and
inserting- the word " to," wherever it occurs.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is not the phraseology of
the bill that which has always been used?
Mr. MAYNARD. I have before me the act
of 1862, which uses the language I have indi-
cated.
The question being taken on Mr. Mayxard's
amendment, it was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is now on
the adoption, as a substitute for the bill, of the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Merc or] as amended.
The question being taken, the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 move that the com-
mittee rise and report the bill to the House as
amended.
Mr. COX. I now move the amendment of
which I gave notice, that the committee rise
and report the bill to the House with the
recommendation that it be referred to a spe-
cial committee for revision, and to be again
reported to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was not
aware that any such motion had been made.
Mr. COX. I gave notice that I would move
it at the proper time. But I understand when
the bill is reported to the House I can make
that motion. It may perhaps be as well made
there.
Mr. BINGHAM. Let, us have a vote on it
here.
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr. Cox; and there were—ayes 44, noes 93.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Farxsworth's
motion: and being put, the said motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Buf-
kintox reported that, according to order, the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly the special order,
being House bill No. 243, for the apportion-
ment. of Representatives to Congress among
the several States according to the ninth cen-
sus, and had directed him to report it back to
the House with an amendment in the nature
of a substitute.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move the previous
question upon the bill and amendment.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to a motion which
has precedence of that. I move to lay the bill
and amendment on the table ; and on that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas CO, nays 140, not. voting
32 ; as follows:
YEAS-- Messrs Ackcr, Archer, .Bell, Bugs, Bird,
Braxton. Bright, Caldwell, Carroll, Commgo. Con-
nor, Cox, Davis, DuBose, Duko, Eldridge, Ely,
Forker, Garrett, Getz, Golladay, llaldemau, Han-
cock, Handley, Harper, John !'. Harris, Hereford,
Herndon, Hibbard, Holman, Kerr, Kin-e!hi, Man-
son. McClelland, McCormick, McHenry, Mclntyre,
McKinney. Benjamin I\ Meyers. Morgan, Xiblack,
Hosea W. Paiker, Eli Perry. Potter. Price. Randall,
John M. Rice, William R. Roberts. Roosevelt.
Shober, Slocum, Storm, Terry, Van Trump,
Yaughan, Waddcll, Warren, Whiuhorne, Winches-
ter. and Young—60.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames, Arthur,
Averill, Banks, Barber, Barry, Beveridge, Bigby,
Bingham, Austin Blair, James (1. Blair. George Ai.
Brooks, BufBntor,, Burchard, Burdett, Roderick K.
Butler, Campbell, Cobb. Coburn, Coghlan, Conger,
Cotton, Crete, Crocly, Critcher, Crossland. Dawes,
Dickey, Donnan, Box, Duell.. Eames, Edwards,
Elliott, Farusworth, Farwell, Finkelnburg, Charles
l Foster, Henry D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Goodrich,
! Griffith, Hale, Halsey, Hanks, Harmer. George E.
j Harris, Havens, Hawley, Hay, Gerry W. Hazleton.
j John W. UavJeton. Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton,
Kelley, Kellogi!, Keteham, Killinger, King, Larni-
I son, Lamport, Lansing, Leach, Lewis, Lowe, Lyneh,
a Marshall, Maynard, McCrary, MeGrew, McJunkin,
MeKee, McNeely, Hereur, Merriam, Merrick,
'i Mitchell, Monroe, Moore, Morphia, Leonard Myers,
I Negley. Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker,
Peck, Pendleton, Perce. Aaron F. Perry. Peters,
!' Piatt, Porter, Prindle, Rainey, Read, Edward Y.
i Rice, Ellis II. Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer,, Scofield,
j Seelcy, Shanks, Sheldon, Sherwood, Shoemaker,
Sloss, II. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith. Snapp,
I Snyder, R. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stow-
ell, Sutherland, Swann, Sypher, Taffe, Thomas,
1 Washington Townsend, Turner, Twichell, Tyner,
. Upson, Wakeman, Walden, Waldran, Wallace,
■ Walls, Washburn, Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley, Wil-
liams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John
T. Wilson—146. *
3STOT TOTING—Messrs. Barnum, Beatty, Beck,
James Brooks, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Clarke,
JDarrall, De Large, Dunn ell. Wilder D. Foster, Ilam-
bleton, Hays. Kendall, Morey, Orr, Poland, Ritchie,
; Robmson, Rogers, Sessions, Shellabarger, Slater,
Worthington C. Smith, Strong, St Jelln, D wight
Townsend, Tuthill, Voorhees, Willard. Williams of
New York, and Wood—32.
So the House refused to lay the bill and
amendment on the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask the
previous question on the bill and amendment,
but before doing so I will submit a motion to
amend the substitute by striking out theamend-
ment which was adopted on motion of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Potter.] I do
it for the reason that 1 do not like to have this
bill incumbered by that kind of legislation, or
anything else which may as well be passed in
a separate bill or a declaratory or joint reso-
lution. T therefore move to strike out that
amendment, and I call for the previou;- ques-
tion.
The words proposed to be htricken out were
read, as follows:
But no State shall be hereafter admitted to the
Union without having the necessary population to
entitle it to at least one Representative, according
to the ratio of representation fixed by this bill.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, being first upon
1 agreeing to the amendment proposed by Mr.
i Farxswortii.
: The question was put; and there wera—ayes
70, noes 80.
! Mr. BINGHAM called for the yeas and
nays.
I The yeas and nays were ordered.
! The qtiestion was then taken ; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 87, nays 118,
, not voting 33 ; as follows:
1 YEAS—Messrs. Barber, Barry, Beveridge, Bigby,
Bingham, James G. Blair, Burchard,*Burdett, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan, Conger,
Cotton, Creely, DeLarge, Donnan, Duell, Eames,
Edwards, Elliott, Farnsworth,Farwell, Charles Fos-
i ter, Garfield, Goodrich, llalsey, Ilarmer. George E.
Harris, Havens, Hawle>, Hay, John W. llnzleton,
Hohi. Hooper, ltougli to n, Lam port, Lowe, Maynard,
MeGrew, McK ee, Mereui, Merriam,Monroe. Moore,
Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard,
Packer, Palmer, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F.
Perry, Peters, Prindlo, Rusk, Sawyer, Seeley,
Shanks, Shoemaker. H. Boardman Smith, John A.
Smith, Snapp. Snyder, Thomas J. Spoor, Sprague,
Starkweather, Stevenson,Stoughton, Stowcll,Taffe,
Thomas, Washington Townsend, Twichell, Tyner,
Upson, Wakeman, Walden, Wallace, Walls, White-
lej, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
John T. Wilson—87.
NAYS —Messrs. Acker. Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Archer, Arthur, Banks, Beatty, Bell, Biggs, Bird,
Austin Blair, Braxton, Bright, George M. Brooks,
Butfmton. Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Colaingo,
Conner, Crebs, Critcher. Crossland, Davis, Dfiwes,
Llijx, DuBose, Duke, Eldridge, Ely, Finkelnburg,
Foiker, llenry D. Foster, Frye, Gairett, Get/,, Cloi-
laday, Griffith, Haldeman, llale, Hancock, Handles',
Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris, Gerry W.Hazleton,
Hereford, Herndon, Hill, 1 i. ol man, Kelley, Kellogg,
Kerr, Ketcham, Killinger, King, Kinsella, Lamison,
Lansing, Leach, Lewis, Lynch, Manson, Marshall,
McClelland^ McCormick, Mc-Crary. iVMlfenry, Mc-
; Intyre, McKinney, McNeely, Merrick, BeDiamin'F.
' Meyers, Mitchell, Morgan, Niblack, Hosea W. Par-
ker, EliPerry, Poland,Porter, Potter, Price. Rainey,
Randall, React, Kdward V. Rice, JohiHI. Bice, Ellis
II. Roberts, William R. Roberts. Rogers, Roosevelt,
Scoti eld, Sheldon, Sherwood,Shober, Slater, Slocum,
Sloss, R. Milton Speer, Stevens, Storm. Sutherland,
Swann. Terry, Turner, Van Trump, Vauglian, Wad-
dell, Waldron, Warren, Washburn, Wells, Wheeler.
Whitthorne, Willard, Winchester, and Young—113,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Averill, Barnum, Beck,
