3730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
nral for us to consent to have done what he
wants to bare done to arrive at his purpose.
The Senate is not very full; but it is just about
as full as it was when we voted on a measure
more important than this, if we are to believe
our friends on the other side ; and yet we were
kept here until the Senate was reduced to
a very thin Senate before we were permitted
to vote on that measure. Here is a matter
which has been discussed over and over again,
which has been voted on over and over again.
Therefore, I do not see that anybody is to
suffer by allowing a vote to be taken in the
Senate as the Senate shall be found when the
vote is reached. Now, I suggest to the Sen-
ator from West Virginia to allow the bill to
be taken up. He loses nothing by that. Then
he will be able to have it read, as a matter of
course. I would not object to that if I could,
and I could not if I.would.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. My friend,
the Senator from New York, says I have been
leading in a series of motions here. Of course
the Senate knows that this bill was not taken
up in the regular order after we had been sit-
ting here all night, but it was taken up for a
purpose ; and what was that purpose? I sup-
pose it was to force the minority to accept it
and pass it at once. When the bill has been
amended in several particulars the minority
only ask to know what it is before they are
asked to proceed to consider it. I think the
request reasonable, and the minority all say
that it ought to be done. Wo ask it, and if it
cannot be done, the motions will have to pro-
ceed, I suppose.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I do not
know that I understood the Senator from Ver-
mont. What proposition did he make about
the amnesty bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not make any dis-
tinct proposition. I stated frankly what my
purpose was in trying to get on with this bill
now which has been so much discussed. As
wo all know, we have been coupling these two
bills together. Now, 1 want to pass the civil
rights hill in such form as it should be amended
so that it would be much less objectionable,
I understand, than it has been to those who
are opposed to it. Perhaps it is satisfactory
to me as it is; but I always yield to the
wishes of the majority when 1 cannot help it.
[Laughter.] Then 1 stated that I understood
it, was the purpose of the majority to take up
the amnesty bill reported by the Senator from
South Carolina [Sir. Robertson] from his
committee.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Is that
the House lull?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; it is the Senate
bill, and then to send them both to the House
of Representatives, and our duty would have
been done. They can pass either, or both, or
neither, just as the}- like.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have voted, I believe,
uniformly to put these two bills together. I
will do so no more. If we can get up the
civil rights hill and vote upon it, I am ready
to vote on and to vote for the amnesty bill
that 1 have never done, and I am willing to
take the bill that is before us from the House
and vote for it. I prefer it, for that ends it.
That is my position.
Mr. EDMCJNDS. That does not have the
provision about applying for it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I prefer the last bill that
came from the House to any bill we have had
before us, and I will vote for it, and there are
several Senators who have not been in favor
of amnesty who wiii vote for it. I supposed
we might take up the two bills. The civil
rights bill is not acceptable to gentlemen on
the other side of the Chamber. Very well, let
them vote against it. The amnesty bill has
not been acceptable to my side of the Chamber,
but still the last bill of the House ,1 am now
ready to vote for.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I wish to make a prop-
osition, which I hope will be accepted by my
friends on both sides of the House, that we
take up the bill known as the civil rights bill
and vote upon it without discussion, and vote
on any amendments that may be offered with-
out discussion, and that having disposed of
that, we take up the amnesty bill and vote on
any amendments without discussion until we
reach a final vote on both bills.
Mr. CASSERLY. It seems that under the
ruling of the Chair one objection is sufficient
to prevent our knowing what the bill is which
it is proposed to take np; in other words, that
a single objection forbids the reading of the
bill for information. Now, sir, if it be fili-
bustering to resist an attempt to take up a
bill under those circumstances, I should
imagine it was the most righteous filibustering
that ever was heard of. At all events, I am
willing to stay here as long as anybody to test
the question whether the majority of this Sen-
ate will seriously insist on refusing to allow a
bill to be read for information before the vote
is given on taking it up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,. If the Sen-
ator from California will allow the Chair a
moment, the Chair understood objection was
made, and under the fourteenth rule he was
compelled to rule as he did, and he will in
accordance with that rule, which he will now
read, submit the question to the Senate:
"14. Whom the reading of a paper is called for,
and the sarao is objected to by any Senator, it shall
bo determined by a vote of the Senate, and without
debate."
Objection having been raised to the reading
of the bill, as requested by the Senator from
West Virginia, the Chair will now submit the
question to the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have not yielded the
floor.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
mo a moment"!
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. There is no sort of
ambiguity about this subject. The proposition
is to take up Senate bill No. 99, which is the
first bill on the Calendar. As soon as that is
taken up, I propose to move this amendment:
Whoever, being a corporation or natural person,
and owner, or in charge of any public inn; or of any
place ot public amusement or entertainment for
which a license from .ui> leg.il authority is required ;
or ot any line of stage-couches, railroad, or orher
means ot public carriage of passengers or freight;
shall make any distinction as to admission or accom-
modation therein, of any citizen of the United States,
because of raco, color, or previous condition ofservi-
tude, shall, on conviction thereof, bo fined not less
than $300 nor more than $5,000 tor each offense; and
tho person or corporation so offending shall be liable
to the cirizons thereby injuied, in damages to be
recovered m an action of debt.
Sec.—. That the offenses under this act, and ac-
tions to recovcrdatiKiKcs, may bo prosecuted before
any territorial, district, or circuit court of the Uni-
ted States having jurisdiction of crimes at tho place
vvhero the offense was charged to have been com-
mitted.
That is just what it is proposed to do.
Mr. CASSERLY. The question is whether
a minority here has a right to have a bill read
for information before they are compelled to
voto on taking it up. Now the Senator from
Wisconsin has read something. That is a mat-
ter which it was in bis discretion to do or not
to do. It never can be, I think, a correct
view to say that whether a bill or paper shall
be read, before taking a vote on taking it up
for consideration, is a matter depending upon
the discretion of a single Senator.
Now, sir, I must confess to having heard of
the conversation, some of it quite public, in
regard to taking up a bill upon the under-
standing that another bill is to be taken up.
I do not think that comports with the dignity
of the Senate or the dignity of the work we
have to do.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call the Senator to
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Michigan will state his point of
order.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Chair had sub-
mitted the question whether this paper should
be read to the Senate, and that must be
decided without debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California had yielded to the Chair
to make a suggestion, hut had not yielded for
the purpose of submitting the question. So
the Chair overrules the point-of order made by
the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. CASSERLY. I say that all such bar-
gaining neither befits the dignity of the Senate
nor the importance of the work we have to do.
The Senators of the majority know exactly
what they propose to do, and whatever they
propose to do they can do within certain limit-
ations. If you take such a course as is satis-
factory to the minority, you will, I take it,
meet no further resistance from the minority.
I do not undertake to say what that course
will be for obvious reasons. I do not wish
to have the appearance of dictating to the
minority, still less do I wish the appearance of
speaking for them. I speak for myself.
Something has been said here about filibus-
tering. I know nothing that can be better
characterized as filibustering than the effort
made here, after a protracted session upon tho
bill disposed of at five o'clock this morning, to
commence new legislation, to take up the civil
rights bill, so called, a bill which has led to
much debate and must lead to more, and after
that to follow it with another bill. If that be
not filibustering, I know not the meaning of
the word. I understand by filibustering any
irregular proceeding that is carried on to the
embarrassment of the regulars dispatch of the
public business under the cover of parliament-
ary forms. It is a clear embarrassment to
the just and proper dispatch of the public
business that the majority should attempt
now to take up such a bill as this at this hour,
after so long a session as we have had ;• a ses-
sion which would have failed hours ago for the
want of a quorum but for the attendance of
the minority. And under the circumstances,
to compel us to stay here perhaps all day to de-
bate the very first of these bills without having
had sleep or food, is filibustering of the most
censurable character, in my judgment.
If we are to be punished for the crime that-
we committed in acting in good faith upon
our understanding of the rule under which the
bill last disposed of was adopted, then we
shall have to submit to the punishment with
the best grace that we may. It doe3 not seem
to me a just use of the power of the majority.
Whether our construction of that rule was
right or not, it certainly was in good faith ;
and that it was right, I believe would be ascer-
tained by a vote of this Senate in five minutes
if the question could be put. It was a con-
struction put upon it by the most experienced
parliamentarian that we have in this body, the
Chief Clerk, who sits under you, sir, at this
moment, and whose experience and authority
on these subjects are known to us all. But
we are to be punished, it seems, for having
acted in good faith upon a just construction
of the rule. Well, sir, as I said, if we are to
be punished, the majority have the power to
inflict that punishment, and we shall have to
bear it as best we may. I do not think that
this bill should be taken up at this hour. I
do not think that this bill or any bill should
be taken up and brought before the Senate
under any bargain express or implied. I do
insist that the bill shall be read for informa-
tion before it is taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from California asks 
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Chair to
suspend a moment, that I may reply to the
Senator from California. Filibustering here
is factious action by a minority to prevent the
majority from proceeding with business. This
is the accepted meaning of filibustering, and
using the word in that sense, the Senate has
rarely been the theater of such doings, so arrant
and pointless.
So much for the homily of the Senator from
