94
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Ho. of Reps.
William and Mary College—Mr. Hawley.
42d Cong 2d Suns.
herself, stocked at these bloody excesses, has
since then modified and humanized her war
policy in Cuba. It is only necessary to cite
the last proclamation of the captain general,
Valmaseda, to show how unfounded is such a
claim, if made. On the 27th day of December
last he issued his orders to the effect that all
persons who failed to present themselves within
the Spanish lines by the 15th day of January,
1872, should be treated as traitors, and the men,
whether white or black,be put to death when
captured; the white women banished from
the island, and the black women returned to
slavery. But nineteen days of grace were
given before this decree of extermination,
exile, and bondage went into effect. Horrors
accumulate on this subject until I am amazed
at our silence and inaction.
Sir, the time has come when further apathy
on our part is a participation in the abomina-
tions of Spain. I have shown that the Cubans
are entitled to belligerent rights by the re-
peated acts of Spain herself. But they are
entitled to something far greater and more
valuable. They have won their title to inde-
pendence. By long suffering, by many woes,
pains, and sacrifices, they have fairly won a
charter of freedom for themselves and their
posterity.
We are the strongest of all the American
republics, and yet we are behind all the others
in a friendly greeting to this brave and deserv-
ing people. The noble South American re-
public of Peru, herself onee a plundered and
downtrodden province of Spain, rose up in
the true glory of a free nation, and at an early
stage of the conflict recognized the independ-
ence of the republic of Cuba. She knew
the relentless monster with which Cuba was
struggling, and she knew the mighty incen-
tives which the Cubans had to be free. All
honor to the courage and humanity of Peru!
Chili, too, from the far-off southern extremity
of the New World, sends a recognition of the
belligerent rights of the Cuban republic. She
has been followed by Bolivia, by the United
States of Colombia, and even poor, disordered
Mexico has done what this powerful Govern-
ment has not yet dared to do. We alone have
had no kind greeting or recognition for that
unhappy people. We, the foremost, we, the
strongest, we, the freest, with all our boasted
power, witness the savage bloodhounds of war
rending and mangling suffering humanity, and
remain silent while all the other free Powers
of this hemisphere have spoken. It is a sad
and a miserable spectacle. It is all the more
so because of the action of Spain during the
late great civil war in this country. Sumter
was fired upon in April, 1861. Spain recog-
nized the belligerent rights of the southern
confederacy in June. The roar of hostile can-
non had barely reached the shores of Europe
when Spain acted toward us as we have shrank
from acting toward her for more than three
years. How long will it be until such a for-
eign policy will render us the scoff and deris-
ion of all nations?
Sir, not only, in my judgment, are the people
of Cuba entitled to the recognition of their
belligerency and their independence, but the
horrible barbarities which are inflicted upon
her call for the intervention of the Christian
Powers of the world in the interests of a
common humanity. The laws of nations do
not permit Governments to commit wholesale
crime. This principle was declared and acted
on in the treaty of 1827, by which England,
France, and Russia bound themselves to inter-
vene in the contest between the Ottoman em-
pire and the insurgents Greeks. That treaty
declared that the rules of civilized warfare
must be observed, and the powerful parties to
it proceeded to arm in order to enforce their
declaration. Turkey heard and heeded their
voice, and stayed her bloody hand. Had I
the power I would speak in the same tones
to Spain. I would also be ready to follow
the word with action. I would strengthen the
Navy. Instead of censuring the head of that
Department I would give him more force, and
then call upon him to meet all the responsi-
bilities of his place.
Much more on this point I intended to say,
but my time is spent, and I must embrace
some other opportunity. Thanking the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Swans,] and the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] I yield
the floor.
William and Mary College.
SPEECH OF HON. J. B. HAWLEY,
of illinois,
In the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1872.
The House having met for debate as in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union-
Mr. HAWLEY
Mr. Speaker : I desire upon this occasion
to submit some remarks upou the bill now
pending in the House making an appropriation
of $G5,000 to rebuild the buildings of William
and Mary College, said to have been destroyed
by our Army during the late war. I have been
much surprised, sir, upon reading the report
of the committee in this case, as also upon
listening to the speeches of the members of
the committee, to observe the grounds upon
which this claim is made. The claim is not a
new one. This is not the first time it has been
presented to a committee of this House. It
is an old acquaintance in the committees. It
has been repeatedly presented before the Com-
mittee of Claims, and as often rejected by that
committee, to which, it seems to me, such
propositions should in all cases be referred.
Finally, it has been referred to the Commit-
tee on Education and Labor. It strikes me,
Mr. Speaker, it will require a good deal of
education and more labor to get this bill
through the House.
It is not claimed by the report of the com-
mittee, or by any gentleman who has addressed
the House on the subject, that the College of
William and Mary has any legal or just right of
claim against the Government. It is expressly
stated, both in the report and speeches made
by the members of the committee, that no
such claim is made, but it is claimed simply
as an act of generosity. It seems to me it
must occur to every member in the House that
the old maxim, so often enunciated by writers
of text-books in the law, may have its appro-
priate application in this case, and ought here
to be applied as much as in any other case,
and that principle is this: that men and na-
tions alike must bo just before they are gen-
erous.
Mr. Speaker, the time has not come in this
country when our resources are so great, when
our Treasury is so full of money, that we can
ignore the claims of justice on the part of
those who have been appealing to the Govern-
ment for the last few years, and take money
out of the Treasury in aid of those who have
no legal or just claim for an appropriation of
the public money.
I desire to have the Clerk read a paragraph
from the report of the Committee on Educa-
tion and Labor, as made to the House in con-
nection with this bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The above report represents substantially the
condition of the buildings, apparatus, library, furni-
ture, and other property of the college up to the
commencement of the war of the rebellion, when
the surrounding country immediately became the
seat of active hostilities. The peninsula formed by
the James and York rivers was debatable ground,
occupied alternately by the contending forces.
Williamsburg—the site of William and Mary—is its
strategio point, the key of the military position, and
terrific battles were fought for its possession. In
September, 1862, Williamsburg was held byadetach-
ment of the United States Army, but on the 9th of
that month the place was attacked and occupied by
aforce of confederate cavalry, who held the city un-
til eleven o'clock of that day. Upon the evacuation
by the rebel cavalry and the return of our troops, a
body of stragglers from the United States forces,
drunken, disorderly, and insubordinate, fired ana
destroyed the college building, with the library, ap-
paratus, furniture, and other property therein, be-
longing to the institution. Afterward, during the
war, other houses and property of the college, and
connected therewith, were destroyed by Union sol-
diers."
Mr. HAWLEY. I ask the Clerk to read
the other paragraph which I have marked.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The College of William and Mary is one of the
most venerable institutions of learning in the coun-
try. Chartered by William and Mary of England
in 1693, its story embraces all the vicissitudes, trials,
and triumphs of our nation, from the earliest strug-
gles of the feeble band of colonists of Virginia to tno
hour of our present grandeur. If there be any edi-
fices which do honor to human society, and which
ought to be spared, for whatever cause a country be
ravaged, the College of William and Mary, in Vir-
ginia, comes within the classification. Tbe memo-
rialists do not make any legal claim. They make d o
demand as of right, or as an appeal to the justice of
the United States in their behalf. They admit there
can be no lawful claim, but they do appeal to the
generosity of the Government under the modern
usages of war, which, by the customs of all enlight-
ened nations, have now acquired the force of law,
exempting from the vicissitudes of warlare. and
declaring all works of art, repositories of science
and learning, and public buildings devoted to civil
purposes only, belonging to an enemy, sacred from
spoliation and destruction."
Mr. HAWLEY. Now, Mr. Speaker, it must
strike every one as very strange that this com-
mittee, in making this report, and the gentle-
men who have supported the report and ad-
dressed the House on the subject, should all
refer so touchingly to the past history of this
college, and should have nothing to say of its
history during the late war, and from its close
up to the present time. In this report it is
stated, as also in the arguments of gentlemen
of the committee who have supported the bill,
that this college is the oldest, or the oldest but
one, in the United States; that in this college
were educated many of the great men whom
the nation has produced; that Washington
was one of its patrons or trustees; that here
Jefferson was educated; that here Marshall
was educated, and here a distinguished Attor-
ney General and other great men which Vir-
ginia has produced were educated; and it is
said we ought, because the college is old,
because it has sent out so many great men
who have adorned the legislative, executive,
and judicial branches of this Government, to
restore the college and place it in the condi-
tion in which it was before the commence-
ment of the war.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it seems to me of
the utmost importance that we should know
what its character was during the war and
what has been its character since; and it
must be true that this branch of history is not
so attractive to the gentlemen of the com-
mittee or to the members of the House who
have supported their report, else they would
have given some attention to that subject.
The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Braxtox,]
who addressed the House a few minutes ago,
had a great deal to say about the great men of
Virginia. He spoke of her Presidents. He
spoke of the fact that she had given us Chief
Justice Marshall and other great statesmen
and jurists of the nation; that she had also
given us foreign ministers, all of whom had
brought credit and renown to the nation.
Does the gentleman forget that the last Pres-
ident Virginia gave us was Davis, the president
of the rebel confederacy ? Does he forget that
the last foreign minister appointed from that
Slate was Mason, appointed from the rebel
congress and by the rebel president to repre-
sent the confederacy at the Court ofSt. James ?
Sir, I am sure the people of this country
