1871.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
Invalid Pensions, reported back adversely the
petition of William Brink, of Bradford county,
Pennsylvania, asking for a pension ; which was
laid on the table.
adelia iiutciiins.
Mr. MOORE also, from thesame committee,
reported back adversely the petition of Adelia
Hutchins, for a pension; which was laid on
the table.
pensions for war ok 1812.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same committee,
reported back adversely the petition of soldiers
of the war of 1812 and others, for pensions ;
which was laid on the table.
w. l. dorsey.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same committee,
reported back adversely the memorial of W.
L. Dorsey, of Indiana, for certain changes in
the law granting pensions to the soldiers of
the warol'1812 ; which was laid on the table.
elizabeth york.
Mr. MOOREalso, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (H. R. No.557) granting
a pension to Elizabeth York, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The preamble of the bill recites that whereas
by special act No. 18, approved April 17,1866,
granting a pension to Mrs. Elizabeth York,
widow of Shubal York, deceased, late surgeon
of the fifty-fourth regiment Illinois volunteer
infantry, and said special act No. 18 gives the
said Elizabeth York a pension of twenty-five
dollars per month, to commence from and
after the passage of said act, and to continue
during her widowhood; and whereas, by the
act of 27th July, 1808, all pensioners were
allowed by said act a pension from the date
of their discharge, or death of the party ; and
whereas the said Shubal York was assassin-
ated on the 28th day of March, 1864; there-
fore the bill provides that the Secretary of the
Interior be authorized and directed to place
the name of Elizabeth York, widow of Shubal
York, late a surgeon in the fifty-fourth regi-
ment Illinois volunteer infantry, on the pen-
sion-roll, at the rate of twenty-five dollars per
month, to commence on the 28th day of March,
1864, and to continue during her widowhood;
provided, that all payments heretofore made
be deducted.
Mr. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, this bill passed
the House at the last session of Congress, or
near the close of the last Congress, and was
referred during this session to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, and has passed that com-
mittee unanimously. And I think any further
explanation in reference to it is unnecessary,
as the House already understands it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will ask the
gentleman from Illinois a question. Is there
any special reason why this case should be ex-
tended back beyond seven years any more than
in the case of other persons who died as early
as this person did? It seems to me twenty-
five dollars a month is a pretty fair sum to pay
any pensioner, but if there be any special hard-
ship in this case, if there be any special rea-
son why the case should go back seven years
other than in all other cases, of course we
ought to do it. But unless there is some spe-
cial reason, we ought to have a general law
referring all eases of a similar character.
Mr. MOORE. I will state that by the act
of 1868 all pensioners were allowed pension
from the date of the discharge or death of
the party. This lady received a pension by
" a special act. The action of the House has not
been uniform, but has been governed by the
circumstances of each case. During the same
session this act was passed for Mrs. York sev-
eral other acts were passed granting pensions
from the date of the death of the party. Why
this was not so passed I am not prepared to
say, but a more meritorious case than this
could not have been presented to the House.
Her husband was shot down, assassinated by
the enemies of the country. It was impossible
fer the Pension Bureau to settle this case, and
hence she has come here. This widow had a
husband and three sons in the service. As I
have stated, her husband was assassinated, and
two of her sons died in the service. The other
son is unable to assist her because of the loss
of his health in the sen ice.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I understand
this pension is not under the general law, but
that a special law was passed granting this pen-
sion to Mrs. York. This House had before it
the special case of Mrs. York, and knowing
the merits of it, fixed her pension. Because
the general law which applied to all soldiers
regularly entitled to pensions was amended to
extend back, the proposition now is to take
up this special ease as though the House did
not do justice by her when we acted upon this
case at first. If we pass this special act then
we ought to take up the case of Mrs. McCook,
of Ohio, and all other cases of a like character.
We ought to take up and reiinact that every
special pension we have passed should also
extend back. Jf this act passes, the members
of other States must necessarily feel that they
should not be behind the gentleman from Illi-
nois in providing for their constituents and
friends. It seems to me if we did that, we
should never get through with distributing
extra justice in revising all special ads. I
speak simply without knowing what are the
merits of this ease. I am inclined to think we
ought not to pass this act.
Mr. MOORE. This case was brought, be-
fore the last session of the last Congress
and explained fully and clearly; and the
House sustained the bill. It was passed. On
the same day, or nearly at the same time, a
pension was granted to Mrs. Webster, whose
husband was hung as a spy in the city of Rich-
mond, giving her a pension from the date of
her husband's death. I also quoted, when this
bill was before the last Congress, another case
where, by a special act, the pension was granted
from the day of death. And there is no reason
why, in a meritorious case, this should not be
done. The committee have looked into this
case, and all the facts being before them, they
have unanimously recommended the passage
of the bill. It is but an act of justice. This
woman is as much entitled to this pension as
any pensioner upon the pension-roll.
Mr. ARCHER. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question?
Mr. MOORE. Certainly.
Mr. ARCHER. I wish to ask whether the
husband of this lady was assassinated by the
enemy, or assassinated when at home?
Mr. MOORE. He was assassinated in a
riot. A raid was made upon a squad of the
men of his regiment, just as they were start-
ing from the depot, and he was shot in the
back and killed instantly.
Mr. ARCHER. No pension has been granted
to the widow before, as I undeistand?
Mr. MOORE. Yes: a pension was granted
to the widow from the date of the act. But the
claim is that she ought to have had a pension
from the date of the death of her husband, on
the ground that at that time he was on service
that was absolutely in the line of duty, being
on his way to the front.
Mr. ARCHER. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Invalid Pensions
another question. Does he consider this a
more meritorious case for_a pension than where
a man was shot down facing the enemy?
Mr. MOORE. More meritorious?i No. Tn
every such case the pension is granted to the
claimant from the day the man was shot down.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I desire to ask the
gentleman whether the rate of pension here is
the same as it would have been had the man
been killed in action?
Mr. MOORE. It is precisely the same. The
husband of the claimant was principal surgeon
of the regiment, with the rank of major.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 desire to offer a sugges-
tion to the chairman of the Committee on
Invalid Pensions. There being a large class
of claims of this same character, would it not
be proper to consider whether a general law
should not pass providing that all pensions
should date back to the death of the husband ?
Would it not be fairer and better to have such
a general law than to pass special acts of this
kind? It is not desirable, when such special
acts are brought before the House, to have
to discriminate between them. I make that
suggestion to my friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Moore,] and, with his permission, I would
like to move that the bill be recommitted for
that purpose.
Mr. MOORE. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Hoj.iianJ must know that it is utterly
impossible to make a general law that will
meet every sort of exigency which may arise.
If that were possible, there would be no neces-
sity, as I conceive, for aCommittee on Invalid .
Pensions. In that case every matter pertain-
ing to pensions could be settled at the Pension
Bureau under a general law. But, as I said
before, the question has been settled by this
House. And during the same sessi-on in which
this bill was passed a number of others were
passed giving pensions from the date of death.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman will per-
mit me, I will make the motion that the bill be
recommitted, with instructions to the commit-
tee to inquire into the propriety of reporting a
general bill to the House which will cover the
whole class of cases analogous in their nature
to the case provided for by this particular bill.
Mr. MOORE. I cannot see any necessity
for any .such motion as that. 1 may state that
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, if they
.should discover any addition that can be made
to the pension law, by which it shall work more
equitably all round, will of course introduce
a bill to make such a change. But here is a
case that is not at all singular, unless it be sin-
gular from its meritorious character. The
House has passed this bill before, and passed
it with a great deal of unanimity, and I feel
satisfied that the House will again pass it now.
I call for the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the previous question ho
not sustained, will it.be in order to recommit the
bill with instructions?
The SPEAKER. Of course it will.
The question was put upon seconding the
previous question ; and there were—ayes 51,
noes 48; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Moore and
Mr. Holmax were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes seventy-six, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the committee will
report a general bill on this subject.
The main question was then ordered; and
under the operation thereof the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a th rd time ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mary s. howe.
Mr. MOORE, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (H. H. No. 558) granting
a pension to Mary S. Howe.
The question was upon ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time. It directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and limit-
ations of the pension laws, the name of Mary
S. Howe, and continue to her the pension here-
tofore paid to her deceased husband, David
Howe, by virtue of the special act approved
February 28, 1808.
