1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2886
Indians are pressing this matter, or whether it
1 it is being pressed by the settlers there?
Mr. CALDWELL. I will say to the Senator
that the Indians are pressing the matter. They
: have been pressing it for two sessions of Con -
gress. They are more anxious, or quite as
' anxious, as the settlers to have this bill passed.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Let me ask
the Senator further,' whether these settlers
went on the lands in pursuance of law, were
invited by the United States on that territory,
or whether they are not squatters?
Mr. CALDWELL. I do not know how that
is. I know they are there now, settled on the
land.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Mr. Presi-
dent, half the Indian wars that we have had in
this country have been produced by exactly
just such conduct, and in every instance the
parties come in and ask us to give them a
premium for violating the law of the United
Slates. My information is that these settlers
are trespassers; that tliey went there not in
pursuance of law, but in violation of the laws
of the country, and that they are occupying
the best lands of the strip, all the choice parts,
worth now ten and fifteen dollars an acre.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator had noticed
the reading of the bill he would have observed
that the bill itself states that no settlers went
on the land until after the treaty, until they
. had been treated for and ceded to the United
States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Had they a right to go
on then?
Mr. POMEROY. They had.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I am a little
i surprised to see the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands managing a matter of
: this sort, when these are not public lands at
: all, but private lands, and belong to the Indi-
' ans. If the Indians want to dispose of the
; lands, I do not see anything to prevent them
disposing of them. How it happens that the
: United States must take charge of the lands,
survey them, and make regulations for their
sale, and fix a price upon them without the
Indians, as far as I can see, being consulted
at all, is very remarkable.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
was formerly a member of the Committee oil
' ■ Indian Affairs, and I think this subject was
before the committee while he was a member.
This bill relates to a small strip of land on the
■ south border of Kansas, two and a half miles
■ wide, by about two hundred miles long. By
the treaty of 1866 the Indians provided that
the land might be sold at not less than $1 25
an acre in gross, and $1 50 an acre if the
lands were sold in detail. This bill provides
for the sale of a part at two dollars and the
rest at $1 50. The Indians are perfectly satis-
' fied with it, and are anxious the bill should
. pass.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I do not
dispute that the chief men of the Indians
may have been consulted about it, and may
be satisfied with it, but it does not always
; follow that the interests of the nation are pro-
' moted by carrying out suggestions of their
chiefs. 1 remember very well that we had
' wars both with the Creek and the Cherokee
; nations of Indians because of their having been
deprived of their rights by their agents and
• chiefs. I will not undertake to say that is the
: case here, but I do undertake to say that two
dollars an acre for the choice of these lands
will not compensate the Indians for the value
; of the whole lot. For instance, if you take
i one third or one fourth of it, that may be worth
I ten or fifteen dollars an acre, and sell that for
f two dollars an acre, a large proportion of the
I rest will not sell for twenty-five cents an acre,
s .perhaps, and may not sell at all.
i I hold, Mr. President, that in dealing with
« Indian matters of this sort the Government
t. of the United States ought not only to be ex-
L ceedingly careful for the settlers, but should
I. look to the interests of the Indians, for I un-
dertake to say that these settlers are squatters.
I am sure that is the case. I have never known
it to be otherwise, in fact, in any part of the
United States. Wherever you find a matter
of this sort coming up, you will find ten, fif-
teen, or twenty thousand white settlers on the
Indian lands. That always has been the case,
and I am afraid it always will be the case.
Now, it is impossible ever to have peace with
the Indians or ever to have any good feeling
on the part of the Indians toward the United
States while that course is pursued. I object
to the present consideration of this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has
been taken up by formal vote of the Senate,
the morning business having been concluded.
It has Iain over one day since it was reported,
according to the rules, and is open for debate
or amendment.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I move the
reference of the bill to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill was reported
yesterday from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs. I thought the Senator was on that com-
mittee. I do not know that he is.
Mr. HARLAN. He is not now.
Mr. POMEROY. It was reported twice last
year, and passed in the last Congress, and
passed at the first session of this Congress.
There never has been any objection to this
bill in this body or the other. It has now
passed the other House, and I hope the Senate
will not insist upon sending it to a committee
again after having had three reports, all unani-
mous, and the Indians are here urging it.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I ask the Sen-
ator now if he thinks that under this bill the
Indians will within the next twenty years get
an average of one dollar an acre for these
lands?
Mr. POMEROY. I do think they will get
more than that. I am sorry to say that while
they agreed last year to take $1 25 an acre,
this year they ask more, and get it by this bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I ask the Sen-
ator whether many of these lands are not worth
six times the price put ou them ?
Mr. POMEROY. If they are worth six
times that, 1 am very safe in saying they will
get one dollar an acre.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Are not some
worth twelve or fifteen dollars an acre ?
Mr. POMEROY. It is a strip one hundred
and eighty miles long and two miles wide.
The State line of Kansas lapped over on this
country about two miles when they came to
run the line.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. The Senator
does not answer my question, whether many
of the lands proposed to be sold here at two
dollars are not worth five or six times as much ?
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know the fact,
but I will admit it if the Senator desires.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. If that is so,
the Indians ought to have the benefit of it.
Mr. POMEROY. I know the Indians are
anxious to sell, and they have fixed the price
at two dollars an acre east of the Arkansas,
and $1 50 west of it.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. If the Gov-
ernment of the United States were to take the
whole tract at $1 50 an acre I should have no
objection ; perhaps that would be a fair price
for the whole ; but if you cull it and take the
choice portions at two dollars an acre, the
residue remains in the hands of the Indians
unsalable, when these choice spots might sell
for twelve or fifteen dollars an acre. I say
there is no justice in that.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the bill will not
be recommitted to any committee. I would
rather take the vote of the Senate upon that
without any debate.
Mr. CALDWELL. I will say that if a por-
tion of the lands are worth ten or fifteen dol-
lars an acre, they are worth that much because
the settlers have given value to the lands.
Five years ago they were not worth fifty cents
an acre. I know that ten years ago they could
be bought for thirty or forty cents an acre, and
any value that is attached to them now has
resulted from their settlement by settlers—set-
tlers who have gone there and made their
homes. This bill provides for the sale of this
entire tract of five hundred and fifty thousand
or six hundred thousand acres at two dollars
and $1 50 an acre, according to locality, which
is more than the Indians agreed to a year ago
for these same lands. Not only are the chiefs
and head men of the tribe satisfied with this,
but all the Indians are satisfied with it, and I
am sure they will get a fair price for the whole
land.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims.
The motion to refer was not. agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
AMBROSE MORRISON.
Mr. COOPER. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 526.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 526) for the relief of
Ambrose Morrison. It proposes to appropri-
ate $16,384 96 to Ambrose Morrison for his
property in the city of Nashville, Tennessee,
which was taken by the military authorities
of the United States for the erection of perma-
nent fortifications, with a proviso that any
moneys heretofore paid to Morrison by the
United States, on account of the property,
shall be deducted from the amount hereby
appropriated.
The Committee on Claims proposed to
amend the bill so as to make it read:
That the sum of $7,262 17 be, and the same hereby
is, appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to Ambrose Morrison,
for his property in the city of Nashville, Tennessee,
which was taken by the military authorities of the
United States for the erection of permanent fortifi-
cations.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
report read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report
submitted by Mr. Scott, from the Committee
on Claims, on the 10th instant:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (S No. 526) for the retiefof Ambrose Morrison,
adopt the report upon the memorial of said Mor-
rison, made by Mr. Wisdom, intheHouse of Repre-
sentatives, first session Thirty-Eighth Congress, ia
the following words:
"That the memorialist presents a claim for the
value ol a house and lot taken possession of by the
military authorities of Nashville, Tennessee, for the
purpose of erecting permanent fortifications thereon.
"It appears that, in order to defend Nashville
against tne rebel army, it was deemed necessary to
erect fortifications, and on the 4th day of May, 1863,
the memorialist was notified by 'George Burroughs,
lieutenant of engineers,' to vacate his house, when
it was taken down and his grounds occupied by the
fortifications.
"A board of appraisers was duly appointed by
the commanding officer. Brigadier General J. D.
Morgan, consisting of Colonel A. C. Grillem, first
Tennessee infantry; Edward II. Bast, secretary of
State; and A. V. S. Lindsley, forthe purpose of esti-
mating the damages, and whose award is made a part
of this report.
" Among the many claims before your committee
this is one of the few so well established by indis-
putable testimony that they have no doubt of its
merit.
"The agents of the Government, deeming it a mil-
itary necessity, deliberately take possession of his
property and appoint commissioners of their own
choosing to place a value upon it. There would seem
but little left for Congress to do in the premises but
to appropriate the requisite amount of money to pay
the award of the appraisers. Aside from thejustice
of this claim, it is one ot those eases that appeal
directly to the sympathies of those having the power
to relieve the distressed.
" The most prominent loyal men of Nashville, in-
cluding Governor Andrew Johnson, represent that
Mr. Morrison is an invalid of several years' stand-
ing, being paralyzed and unable to walk or stand
erect; that he has awite and five children, tho oldest
only sixteen years of age, entirely dependent upon
him for their support and education, and that the
property taken by the Government was his sole
dependence, and they earnestly urge immediate
measures for his relief.
"The whole sum found due to Mr. Morrison by said
board of appraisers is 816,384 SW. Your committee
