1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1939
the purpose of elevating the standard of educa-
tion in the Republic and promoting the intel-
lectual welfare of the people; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. HOWE. I ought to say by way of ex-
planation that this bill was not sent to me.
It was drawn by some one, I do not know
who, and sent to my colleague, and it is at his
request that I present it. I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Education and
Labor, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 860)
for the relief of Benjamin L. Britton ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
11 r. POMEROY (on behalf of a citizen of
New Mexico) asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No.
861) to aid in settling the unsurveyed and
unoccupied lands on the tributaries of the
Colorado river of the West; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtaiued, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 862) to amend an act entitled An act
grantingpensionsto certain soldiers and sailors
of the war of 1812, and the widows of deceased
soldiers;" which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE. I ask permission of the Senate
to call up a bill that 1 have been trying to get
up for a long time.
Mr. CONKLING. I shall object to that.
This bill, to which I have called attention,
ought to be considered; it is important to the
public interests.
Mr. COLE. The Senator does not suppose
I would ask to take up a bill which was notot
public importance?
Mr. CONKLING. Inasmuch as I made
my request previously, I hope my fiend will
take no exception to my adhering to it; at any
rate, I do adhere to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Bills are -still
in order.
Mr. POOL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 863) to relieve certain persons therein
named from the legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States, and for
other purposes; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CALDWELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 864) granting a pension to Gabriella
P. Moody; wnich was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 865)
for the relief of Mrs. Mary A. McFarland,
widow of Peter McFarland, and the minor
children of the same; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 866) to construct and aid in rebuilding the
levees on the Mississippi river, and for other
purposes; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the select Committee on the Levees
of the Mississippi river, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WRIGHT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 867) authorizing the Secretary of War to
correct an Army officer's record; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
REMOVAL, OF CAU8KS FROM STATE COURTS.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to proceed to
the consideration of the motion to reconsider \
the vote by which the amendment of the House
of Representatives to a Senate bill was referred
this morning to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. I refer to the amendment to the bill
(S. No. 792) in addition to an act. entitled " An
act to amend an act entitled 'An act for the
removal of causes in certain cases from State
courts,' approved July 27, 1866,'' approved
March 2, 1867.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have it
reported that the Senate may understand it.
I have not had a chance to read it yet. Let the
original bill be reported, and also the House
amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted, ttc., That the right of removal of a
cause created by said act shall extend to and be
enforced in all suits heretofore or hereafter com-
menced in any State court in whictieither the plain-
tiff or defendant is or shall be an alien, and in which
the other party is or shall bo a citizen of any of the
United States; which said removal m.iy be applied
for and had under the regulations in the said act
provided for the cases therein mentioned.
The amendment of the House was to strike
ou: all after the enacting clause and insert the
following:
That whenever a personal action h as been or shall
be broughtin any State court by any alien againstany
person, being a civil officer of the United States, as
sole defendant, being a non-resident of that State
wherein jurisdiction is obtained by the State court
by personal service of process only, such suit may be
removed to the circuit court of the United Slates in i
the same manner as now provided in case of a suit ]
brought in a State court, by section three of the act
of SI arch 2,1833, entitled " An act further to provide
for the collection ot duties on imports." I
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why should we recon-
sider? I should like to know some reason why
this bilUshould not go where it has already been
referred. Here is a bill involving a very com-
plicated subject, that of the transfer of cases
trorn the State to the Federal courts. We have i
passed a good many laws upon that subject,
particularly during the rebellion, with a view
to enable parties who it was supposed might
not get fair trials in the Siate courts, in conse-
I quence of the prejudices arising out of the
! war, to remove their cases into the Federal
' courts; and it has been very desirable, aud is
I think, that all these lawsshould be embodied
in one statute. I think we have passed as many
as two or three, I do not know but more than
that, within the last five or six years.
The other day the Senate passed a bill that
was reported by the Committee on the Judi
ciary, and 1 think a proper bill, authorizing a
citizen to remove a ease where an alien was
the other party. It seems the laws had not
provided for that, and I think that is a clear
right that may be given under the Constitution ;
but the House of Representatives did not think
proper to agree to our bill, or rather they have
agreed to it in a restricted form.
Now, it has come back from the House with
this amendment, and it was referred very
properly, as I think, to the Committee on the
Judiciary to look at. I do not wish to delay
it at all. I have no objection to appoint-
ing a committee of conference, except this,
and I would like to call the attention of the
Senate to these committees of conference.
They seem to be a necessity sometimes, but I
think it is a very bad practice to refer bills to
committees of conference, unless there is a
j necessity for it. 1 have no idea but that we
can agree in reference to this bill. There is
no such disagreement between the two Houses
of Congress, I apprehend, upon this subject
that it is necessary to have a committee of
conference about it at all. I concede that we
sometimes must have committees of confer-
ence, though they were never favorites with
me. The difficulty is that when the report is
made, it is agreed to in both Houses with-
out amendment. You cannot propose an
amendment, you have to take the precise
report of the committee or defeat the bill:
and all of us who have had any experience
in legislation know that reports of committees
of conference receive very little attention.
They are taken up in this body as privileged
questions. The committee asks permission
to present, its report; it is presented, and the
vote is taken sometimes without any knowl-
edge whatever ou the part of the Senate gen-
erally as to what the conference report is.
Frequently in such reports the amendments
are merely referred to by numbers, and we
have no knowledge at all as to what the re-
ports really mean.
The Committee on the Judiciary meets the
day after to-morrow, when I suppose it can
consider this matter, and report promptly.
I have stated all that I desire to state on the
subject. The Senatorfrom New York desires
to have a committee of conference appointed
without the matter being first considered by
the Committee on the Judiciary. _ I have no
desire to have it before the Committee on the
Judiciary except to have the law right, and I
think this is one of those cases where there is
no necessity fir a committee of conference,
and that is why I think it had better be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
This is all I have to say about it.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 shall say but a single
word, because minutes are things now, and a
little time will defeat this measure, as the hand
of yonder clock will soon point to the hour
of one.
The Committee on the Judiciary of this
body reported a bill; I heard no dissent to
the report. It was adopted by the Senate. It
went to the House of Representatives; the
| House Committee on the Judiciary considered
j it; there was no dissent there. Both com-
mittees concurred in the object of the bill. In
; reporting an amendment an omission took
place, perhaps I ought not to say an error;
j but there is an imperfection in the bill which
: fails to carry out the common design of the
j two Houses, and the whole purpose is to have
! a committee of conference to arrange what I
might truly denominate mere phraseology,
simply to embody and carry out the express
purpose of the two Houses. I ask, therefore,
: for a committee of conference, it being im-
portant that delay should not occur, and that
we should have action.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on proceeding to the consideration of the
motion to reconsider.
The question was determined in the affirm-
ative.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is, will the Senate reconsider the vote by
which the House amendment was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary?
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. Now I move that the
Senate non-concur in the amendment of the
House of Representatives, aud ask for a
committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to; and the Vice
President being authorized by unanimous con-
sent to appoint the conferees on the part of
the Senate, Messrs. Conkxixg, Frelinghuy-
sen, and Saulsburt were appointed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. COLE. I rise to ask a favor of the
Senate. It is that when the tariff bill and the
business of the Committee on Commerce shall
have beeiv disposed of I be permitted to have
the Australian mail hill considered. I think
there ought to be no objection to that. It is
a measure of great importance, and I should
like to have it taken up soon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from California to ask
consent to one of those understandings which
the Senate are to carry out for themselves, dif-
fering from ordinary procedure. The Senator
from California asks the Senate to consent
tiat after the tariff bill and the business of the
Committee on Commerce shall have been dis-
