&6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Ho. of Keps.
William and Mary College—Mr. Hawletj.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
to them in the same good order and condition in
which we received it.
"And the third ground, and the strongest, is this:
excepting the battle-fields consecrated by the blood
of onr patriots, this is one of the five or six most
sacred spots in our domain. It stands in that respect
to be classed only with Mount Vernon or the tomb
of Washington. If wantonly or carelessly the Amer-
ican troops had injured Mount Vernon or the tomb
of Washington, I do not believe this House would
meet the request for its restoration by saying that
the same principle would compel us to repair every
grave-yard or every private habitation injured
throughout the entire South during the war.
"Upon these three grounds this appeal to the gen-
erosity of the Government must rest. >
" The case, as has been said, does not constitute a
legal claim upon the Government."
Now, I have read in their order the three
points of claim upon which this bill rests in
the estimation of the gentlemen who have re-
ported it from the Committee on Education
and Labor. It is distinctly stated in the third
claim, which is the last, and believed by them
to be the strongest, that the Government shall
do this as a simple act of generosity, and not
as an act of justice or of right.
Now, the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hoar,] in his speech upon this subject,
was not disposed to go so far as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stokm,] also a mem-
ber of the committee that reported this bill.
In his speech he used the following language:
"The gentleman from Massachusetts has been
anxious to bring this college within loyal ground.
It makes no difference to me whether it be estab-
lished in this debate that this institution happened
to be within ' loyal' territory or whother it was not,
I shall yet vote for the bill." M * * *
" If it was loyal, then I vote to compensate it for
the property that was destroyed, and thus reward
its loyalty; and if it was not loyal, I shall neverthe-
less vote for it upon the principles stated in the
report of President Ewell, that I may make it loyal
if it is not now."
Now I submit that that is most remarkable
language to be used on the floor of this House.
A gentleman occupying a place upon a com-
mittee of this House, in advocating a bill
reported from his committee, states distinctly
to us here that it makes no difference to him
whether it be sustained upon loyal or disloyal
grounds, because if this is not a loyal institu-
tion he proposes to give it the sum of $65,000
for the purpose of making it loyal.
Sir, we have never purchased loyalty at such
a price. The time has never yet come, and I
trust in God it never will, when from the Treas-
ury of the United States an appropriation of
$65,000 must be made for the purpose of
making a rebel institution in the southern
States loyal to this Government. Sir, when
the rebellion broke out and the men who occu-
pied this college, from itspresidentto itslowest
freshman, entered the lists and went into the
rebel confederacy, this Government did not
follow the professors or the students of that
college with proffers to come back into the
Union upon the acceptance of money for that
purpose. Sir, it is not true now that this
nation proposes in the southern States or in
any portion of this country to say to the col-
leges of the country, "If you will be loyal to
the institutions under which you live, if you
will be loyal to your Government, if you will
be true to your flag, you shall have appropri-
ations from the Treasury of the United States."
I am astonished beyond measure that a gen-
tleman coming from a northern State should
utter such sentiments here or anywhere else.
They'are calculated to shock the sense of every
man who loves his country and believes that
loyalty should ever, in the estimation of true
men, receive a premium over disloyalty.
But, sir, let me call attention for a moment
to the parallel cases, as they are said to be,
cited by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoar] in his speech delivered in the
House a few days ago upon this subject. He
refers to the case of Princeton college. He
says that during the revolutionary war a can-
non ball was by some accident or mischance
driven through the-college of Princeton, and
that Washington from his own pocket reim-
bursed that institution or restored the college
to its former condition. Sir, is that a parallel
case? Was not that institution within the
loyal territory? Was it not within the portion
of the United States most loyal and true to
the nation, and were not all its professors and
all its students true to the country? Why, sir,
they were as true, and as much entitled to pro-
tection from the Government and people in
time of war as any portion of the country
could claim to be in time of peace.
Another case is referred to by the gentle-
man as parallel. It is said that during the
revolutionary war the French soldiers com-
mitted some spoliation or wronguponthis Col-
lege of William and Mary, and that the French
Government, after the close of the war, paid
a sum of money sufficient to restore the col-
lege to its former condition. Sir, is that a
parallel case? Was not France our ally and
our friend? Was she not so much devoted
to our cause that she sent thousands of her
soldiers across the seas to fight our battles
against England ; and they were here for that
purpose, Virginia and William and Mary Col-
lege standing true and staunch by the cause in
which Washington and his compatriots were
engaged? Is that your parallel case ? Sir, the
gentleman failed entirely to cite a case parallel
to that before the House.
So, Mr. Speaker, this claim falls to the
ground. It has no support in law ; it has no
support in justice; it has no support whatever
in precedeut, because these cases which are
cited as pretended precedents are not such,
nor ought they to have any authority or weight
in the estimation of the House when we are
called upon to vote on this bill.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is well known that in
all the States of the South there are many
loyal persons who have claims against the
Government which have never been adjusted.
Many such instances have been cited singly
before the House at different times; and I
wish to call attention to a case which came
before the last Congress, and of which I was
cognizant. This case will be remembered by
many gentlemen of the House as that of a
man living in Paducah at the commencement
of the war, and who was a true, staunch, loyal
man, not only .when the war broke out, but
throughout the whole period of its duration.
When our army was approaching the town of
Paducah, which was then occupied by the
rebels, this man, for the purpose of aiding
our troops in taking the town, had some pre-
vious understanding with them in reference to
the signals which he should give as to where
they should fire. In pursuance of that under-
standing which he had with our soldiers, he
went upon the top of his own house, and from
that point, in face of the enemy occupying the
town—men whom he had known for years,
and who were then attached to the rebel
cause—in the face of the rebel army and of
our own army he unfurled the stars and
stripes, and signaled to our troops where to
fire and where to march for the purpose of
securing possession of the town. Then, when
the town was occupied by our troops, when it
was in our entire possession, our army utterly
destroyed this man's house for military pur-
poses because they desired to occupy the
ground with some forts or military defenses.
This man, who was true to the Government,
who gave this assistance in a critical moment
to our troops, thus showing in the midst of
danger his fidelity of the flag of the nation,
came to Congress and asked compensation for
or the loss of his property, and Congress to
this day has absolutely refuse to him anything
in the way of reimbursement. Congress has
never paid him, and, so far as I can judge, has
not shown any disposition to pay him.
Many cases as extreme and as meritorious
as this have been stated on this floor. The
mountains of Virginia may be filled with them,
for there were found loyalists true to the
Union. The mountains ofTennessee are filled
with them. Way down in the Carolinas and
in the swamps of-Georgia are found men who
have lost their all in defense of the Union.
Yet, sir, it is proposed to take this one claim
and say this money we will pay as a gratuity,
as a gift, as a generous donation to this College
of William and Mary, in Virginia, while all
these loyal people, while all these widows and
orphans, are to go unpaid for the losses they
have sustained. And this is proposed while
we have not yet adjusted the bounties due to
our soldiers in the war. And why? Not
because Congress has not been sufficiently
patriotic, and not because it does not desire to
do it, but because many members have thought
the time has not yet come when the country
could stand such a drain upon the Treasury.
The bill for which I have voted to equalize
bounties so that the men who fought for the
country should have the bounty to which they
are entitled could not pass through both
Houses of Congress, because, as I have said,
many thought the time had not yet come when
it could be done. While these claims remain
unadjusted they dome here now and ask the
Government to be generous, and to disregard
justice and right to these brave men who have
served the country at a time when it needed
support.
Mr. Speaker, this college may have been
very much belied; but, sir, if I am correctly
informed, there is nothing about it which war-
rants or entitles it from this nation to a gift or
gratuity. I have been informed, and it has
come to me from a perfectly reliable source,
that the young gentlemen who attend that col-
lege have on more than one occasion, in the
little town of Williamsburg, endeavored to put
down free speech; that on more than one occa-
sion within the past two or three years, when
public assemblages gathered there, perfectly
peaceful in their character, these young men
from this college came in and endeavored to
break up the meeting. I have also been told
by a gentleman whom I regard as a gentleman
perfectly reliable, a gentleman living in Rich-
mond, that the students attending this college,
having formed a military company, which went
to Richmond last fall, armed and equipped by
the Government of the United States, or at its
expense, while there, in the presence of a vast
crowd in the city of Richmond, tore the ietters
U. S. from their uniforms, or from their equip-
ments. However that may be, I have positive
testimony in regard to the disturbing of public
meetings on more than one occasion in the
town of Williamsburg. It is a fact too well
known to be disputed here or elsewhere that
the fell spirit which would crush out free
speech in the days of rebellion, and when the
slave power was dominant, still pervades that
college, and these young men, who ought to be
educated in that college in something else than
in learning to overthrow our free institutions,
find their pastime in that little town of Wil-
liamsburg in preventing free speech at public
meetings peacefully gathered and orderly con-
ducted.
l ean find nothing in this, Mr. Speaker, from
beginning to end, which calls for my support.
My objection is not because it is in Virginia,
or anywhere else in the South. I would make
the same objection to it if it were in any other
section. We must conform to that rule which
the House has again and again maintained,
that we must not open the Treasury to pay t'te
claims in the South on the part of persons who
have lost their property by the ravages of war,
and especially must we not pay that class of
claims presented here by persons who are not
loyal.
And-, sir, while the land is full of claimants
