1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1045
just, going to observe that being a gentleman
of that description, certainly bis word cannot
be doubted. When he says'-1 bought these
arms" which afterward figured under the name
of Austin Baldwin & Co., then Mr. Remington,
must undoubtedly be believed. When he after-
ward said "I had these cartridges made," un-
doubtedly Mr. liemington, the agent of France,
had these cartridges made.
Mr. CONKLING. Would an inquiry just
there interrupt the Senator?
Mr. SCHURZ, Not at all.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to inquire whether
he would like the Senate to understand,
whether he means to make upon the public the
impression, that Mr. Remington, in that letter,
says or implies that he personally or directly
purchased these arms? Transposing my ques-
tion, I beg to ask the Senator whether the
letter he reads is not just as true, just as
accurate, even if Mr. liemington made his
purchases, as the Senator has alleged he did
sometimes, through third persons, Austin
Baldwin & Co., Schuyler, Hartley & Graham,
as it. would be had he appeared face to face
with the Secretary of War and put in his bids
himself by word of mouth?
Mr. SCHUUZ. I do not allege anything.
I permit Mr. Remington to abege hirnbelf. I
stand upon the language of his letter.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator must par-
don me there ; he puts me in a false position.
Mr. SCHURZ. I do not desire to do any-
thing of that kind.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator did allege
just now, and I took it down, that notwith-
standing the Secretary of War, reporting ihe
words of his bureau officer, says that after the
middle of October he did not accept and would
not have entertained a bid from Mr. lieming-
ton—in spite ot' that fact, in December after-
ward this same man, said the Senator, writes
" 1 purchased," "I did thus and so." Now
the Senator will see that his allegation is friv-
olous, it is pointless, unless he means, as evi-
dently he does, to confront the Secretary of
War and the chief of ordnance with the letter
of Remington. Therefore 1 ask him whether
he means that when Remington writes in De-
cember "I have purchased so and so" he
understands that to amount to a contradiction
of anybody, bureau officer or otherwise; and
whether on the contrary that letter is not
strictly and fully true if Remington purchased
not only through one middle man, hut through
two, three, four intermediate purchasers and
holders?
Mr. SCHURZ. Does the Senator from New
York ask me what impression that letter con-
veys to :ny mind? Is that it?
Mr. CONKLING. I did not so ask the
Senai or.
Mr. SCHURZ. Then what was it?
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator this
question, which I think is a very direct one:
he presents that letter to cast bad^faith upon
the statement of the chief of ordnance. The
chief of urdnance says that after the middle
of October he had no transaction with this
man, and refused to have any. The Senator
reads a letter later in date, in which he says
Mr. Remington speaks of a transaction then
recently had. Ot course, he conlronts these
two statements with each other. My question
is whether to his mind, as a man ot' common
sense, there is untruthfulness in that letter
of Remington if the (act he that Remington
bought, not personally avowing himself, but
through Schuyler, Hartley & Graham..through
Austic Baldwin & Co., and various other per-
sons, as to whom, let me remind the Senator,
the maxim would be true so familiar to him,
qui focit per alium facit pa'-se? If i do an
act througti my lnend from Massachusetts here,
[Mr. Wit.sox.] as my agent. I do that act in
law and in truth ; and when 1 write that I have
done it 1 ask the Senator whether he wants to
convince the Senate that my statement will be
ialse that I have done the thing if it turn out
that I did it through another and not through
myself?
Mr. SCHURZ. In the first place, when the
Senator from. New York alleges that the chief
of ordnance asserts not to have had any trans-
actions wish liemington after he had been dis-
covered to be a Fiench agent, he states some-
thing that is not in accordance with the rec-
ord, for the chief of ordnance simply says, "I
postponed opening the bids, and immediately
showed tb1; dispatch to you, and you promptly
directed me to suspend the sale and not to
entertain any bids from 1£. Remington &Sons."
But he does not say that subsequently he had
no transactions with him. The Secretary of
"Warsays that "the Messrs. Remington & Sons
did not buy any arms or ammunitions from
this Department after about the middle of
October; nor would any bid from them for
such articles have been entertained by the
United States subsequent to that date." So
that it appears that the language of the chief
of ordnance as well as of the Secretary of War
is by no means as broad as the Senator from
New York seems inclined to make it.
Mr. COXKL1NG. I cannot say that.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does he not deem it pos-
sible that liemington may have in the name
of these other firms transacted in person all
the business without making a bid and pur-
chasing a single gun in his own name?
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator want
an answer to that?
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. No, Mr. President, I
cannot conceive, except by convicting the
Secretaiy ot" War and the chief of ordnance of
falsehood, Lliat Mr. Remington in person or
in any character known and revealed to them
made bids, purchased arms, or became pos-
sessed, as purchaser, of arms or ordnance
storoa from the Government of the United
States after that day in October when his
transactions ceased, and when he was driven
to the cover of other names, and compelled
to buy through Schuyler, Hartley & Graham,
or somebody whom the Department at Wash-
ington did not suspect of buying for one of
the belligerents.
JNlr. SCIIURZ. Very well. Now, let this
letter stand here, such as it is, and I shall not
say another word about it except a few re-
marks I shall make about another case that
has some bearing on this question. One of
the most curious features of this proceeding
was that with which one Thomas Richard-
son, whose name has already been mentioned
in this debate, was connected. Mr. Thomas
Richardson, I suppose it is generally under-
stood, is a lawyer residing in Ilion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I never heard of him
until yesterday.
Mr. SCHURZ. That at least is common
report. He is said to have been the attorney
of Messrs. Remington & Sons. Not having
any definite information on that point, I state
it merely as a report. Mr. Thomas Richard-
son, a lawyer from Ilion, New York, tho home
of liemington, comes before the ordnance de-
partment, or some other person comes in his
name, and asks the chief of ordnance to sell him
forty thousand stand of breech-loaders. What
a bellicose lawyer! Here we do not behold a
great manufacturer or trader in arms, whose
regular business it was to buy and sell such
ai tides from one party to another. Here comes
a little country lawyer asking for forty thousand
muskets and four hundred rounds apiece. For
what purpose does he want this great arma-
ment? Does he mean to set his clients to
lighting? Does he want, perhaps, to storm a
court-house or to bombard the heads of the
judges on tho bench with bullets instead ot
arguments'? What has this lawyer to do m the
arms business? Why, it might reasonably be
supposed that when a little country attorney
appears before a chief of ordnance and asks
for lory thousand Springfield muskets the
suspicion was justified—it could scarcely be
avoided—that he was acting for some other
person, whom he was to cover with his name.
But it seems that Richardson did not trans-
act his business with the ordnance department
himself—and here I claim the attention of the
Senator from New York again, for he may
possibly contradict me in my statement. £
say it appears that Richardson did not transact
his business with the ordnance department
in person. In fact it is somewhat doubtful
whether Mr. Thomas Richardson appeared in
Washington about that time at all. But Mr.
Thomas Richardson did buy that large lot of
muskets from the United States, and accord-
ing to the report of the Secretary of War it
was for Mr. Thomas Richardson that the car-
tridges were manufactured. Here, by the way,
I might ask a question. That a sale of arms
under the statute of 1808 is legal, nobody
doubts. Here is that statute:
" Tip it resolved hy the  S'enntp and JTnuve of Rfiprd-
8entulives of the United States of America in Congress
aweiitbled, That the Secretary ot War be, and he is
hereby, authorized and d'rected to cause to be sold,
after offer at public sale on thirty days' notice, in.
such manner and at such times and places, at public
oi private sale, as he may deetn most advantageous to
the public interest, the old cannon, arm?, and other
ordnance stores now in possession of the War De-
partment which are damaged or otherwise unsuit-
able tor the United Statea military service, or lor the
militia of the United States, and to cause the net
proceeds of such sales, after paying all proper ex-
penses of sale and transportation to the place of
sale, to be deposited in tho Treasury of the United
States."
No doubt under this statute the chief of ord-
nance had perfect authority to sell such arras
as fell under its provisions ; but jou will notice
how carefully this statute is drawn, how it is
guarded, and how the quality of arms is desig-
nated that may be sold—no arms that might
be suitable for the service of the United States;
and certainly this statute does not authorize
the War Department to manufacture anything
for sale. It has been said that it was an old
custom when guns were sold to sell ammunition
with them, if it was an old custom, not only
to sell old ammunition on hand, but to manu-
facture new ammunition for sale, I would like
to have it shown to me. Certainly, if we may
believe Mr. Remington, who is an honorable
man, it took a great effort to induce the ord-
nance department to manufacture these car-
tridges. Let us see what he has to say about
that:
"Regarding the purchase of Springfields, (trans-
formed,) AHen's=y*tem, I am sorry to say the greatest
number we may hope to got will not, X tear, exceed
lorty thousand. Tne Government has never made
but. about seventy-five thousand all told, and forty
thousand is the greatest number they think it pru-
dent to snare. I may be able to procure, depending
upon an exchange oi our arms''—
Which certainly did not mean Richardson,
but Remington, for it is not to be presumed
the little lawyer of Ilion was in possession of
an arsenal!—
"at some future time, for the number of breech-
loading SpnngfieWa over and above forty thousand
they are willing to iet go now.
"This question of an exchange, with the very
friendly feeling I find existing to aid France, I hope
to be able to procure more. Cartridges for these forty
thousand will in a great measure require to be made,
as the Government have but about tbree million m
hand. But the Government has consented to allow
the requisite number, tour hundred tor each gun, to
be made, and the cartridge-works have had orders,
given yesterday"—
You will notice how very intimate Mr. Rem-
ington was with the movements of the ord-
nance department; he ceitainly could not
have been very far away from it—■
"given yesterday to increase production to tbe
full capacity of works. This question ot making
the cartridges at the Government works was a uun-
cult one to got over; but it is done. The price tixe
Government will charge," &c.
I will say, to explain Mr. Remington s posi-
tion, that be was made the agent of 1'ranee
for tbe purchase of arms in the United btates
in the moiuh of September, and came back to
this country again, arriving here on the Oti of
December.
Mr. 1S.LAIR. The statute authorizing tne
sale of these ordnance stores characterized
