1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
97
42d Cong....2d Sess.
William and Mary College—Mr. Ilaivley.
Ho. op Reps.
■whose just claims are unpaid, while the Gov-
ernment justly owes millions of dollars to per-
sons ot' that character, we can never—so long
as we remember our duty to our country, so
long as we remember our duty to the loyal men
and women of the country—we can never give
presents to persons representing a college or
public institution or anything of that sort in
the South on such a claim as this.
Sir, this is bat an entering wedge, a fore-
runner of many similar cases which will fol-
low. No man who does not close his eyes to
the fact can be unconscious of it. If you pay
this claim, will you. not have to pay for these
four colleges in Mississippi which I have men-
tioned? Will you not have to pay for the col-
leges in Alabama and the school-houses in
Tennessee, and all over the South? Who is
to limit the amount of expenditure under this
head? No man knows it. No man has pre-
tended to give us the sum. If you are to pay
this amount, shall we not pay the others? Is this
one to be paid and to have $65,000, because,
peradventure, Washington and Jefferson and
Marshall, and a distinguished attorney gen-
eral, may once have walked through its halls
or studied in its chambers? Surely, sir, that
claim cannot be made at this time of day. It
cannot be claimed that we are to pay to the
State of Virginia, or to this college, $65,000
because once it was honored by the presence
of Washington, or because once it had his
support. Sir, did not ail these men hail from
Virginia? Was it notonce herpride, and was
it not once the boast of Virginia, and did she
riot often boast on this floor that she had given
to the nation these great men, and that she had
given them not only to America but to the
world?
Sir, it was true, and yet Virginia forgot her
allegiance. Her territory, or a large portion
of it, is within the very shadow of this Capitol,
and is a region of country which should have
remained loyal and true to this nation. And
yet Virginia herself forgot her duty. Among
the first and the strongest of all, or certainly
among the strongest to lead on the cohorts of
treason, they carried the flag of treason even
within sight of your Capitol. They sought to
tear down the stars and stripes even from the
Dome of this proud edifice, and to trail them
forever in the dust. And are we to forget that?
Are you to bury in oblivion the late history of
this country? It cannot be wiped out. Would
to God it were not so 1 It has been written in
letters of blood, and it will live in letters of
living light, blazing not only through America,
but the world, so long as there shall be a lover
of liberty and free government who treads the
broad earth.
And yet, sir, while they bring this bill into
the House, they speak of the greatness of their
past and of Virginia's- departed glory. Sir,
I would gladly see it return, but I would first
have Virginia manifest some loyalty, some
disposition to restore that which she has vol-
untarily torn down. I would*see her mani-
fest an attachment to that flag which she has
insulted. I would see her manifest some sor-
row for the blood she has spilled and the
orphans she has made, and the widows, too,
through this land of ours.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Brax-
ton] in his speech to-day says that Virginia
has nothing to regret; that the faces of her
sons are never tinged with shame; that they
never blush for what they have done, nor shed
a tear of regret,. Sir, they ought to be in
tears, and before they will get anything from me
or through my aid from the Treasury of the
United States they must confess that they
have been in the wrong and not in the right.
Do you propose, Mr. Speaker, does this Con-
gress propose, to reward disloyalty? This
committeepropose to pay these men who now,
in the face of the nation, almost flaunt the
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 1.
rebel flag; men who came here, even within
these walls, and in their old style of argument,
boasting their superiority and their greatness,
claim irom Congress that this thing shall be
done-
Sir, I have been astonished at the support
which this bill has received in its several
stages. I have not only been astonished, but
1 have been alarmed, and it is only because I
have been alarmed that I have sought the
floor to-day to speak on this subject. If it were
to end here, if this one appropriation were all
that was to be made, I might possibly sit by in
silence and allow it to pass, although it could
never receive my vote ; but if i did so, I
should fail in my duty, but more should I fail
in my duty, being profoundly conscious, as I
am, of the outrage, wrong, and injustice that
is contained in this proposition, if I did not
oppose it. My sense of justice and right, my
conscience, will not allow me to be silent when
I see a probability that has seemed to me to
exist heretofore, that if this bill should be
quietly run through the House it would be the
forerunner of untold and inestimable evils
which would follow it.
I call attention once again before I close to
the fact that this bill has been repeatedly re-
jected by committees of this House ; that it
never could find a standing-place in the Com-
mittee of Claims, where such claims ought
properly to go ; and after it had gone the
round of the committees, and has been so
often rejected, it comes now to the Committee
on Education and Labor, and through that
committee it finds a standing-place upon this
floor. Why should this case be made an ex-
ception beyond others by the Committee on
Education and Labor when no similar bill for
loyal people or loyal communities can be
passed through the Committee of Claims?
That is the committee through which it should
properly come, and that is the only committee
to which it could properly go.
Now Ihavespoken, perhapstoo long already,
and yet I feel the importance of this subject to
be so great. I know that millions and millions
of dollars are to turn upon the decision of this
question; for, sir, if you may take from the
Treasury of the United States this large sum
of money and gi?e it to an institution in the
southern States which does not claim it as a
matter of rightor justice, but expressly ignores
that, and says that it does not claim it as an
act of justice, but simply as a bounty, where,
I ask you, in the name of reason and right, are
you to stop? You can find no resting {jlace.
You might as well say that you will pay for all
the losses suffered in the southern States from
the time the war broke out; all damages at
least sustained in the southern States where
the territory had once been occupied by our
troops.
Now, 1 want to call attention to another
fact, which I overlooked in my opening re-
marks. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoar] says that this territory was occu-
pied by our troops, that it was in our occu-
pancy at the time this destruction occurred.
Sir, what is the fact? I have shown from the
report of the committee that it had been the
scene of a fierce struggle, that mighty armies
had contended for its possession, and it is
shown by the speech made by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, and by the report of the
committee, that on the very day when this
destruction occurred the rebels had driven our
troops out of the town of Williamson g, and
out of this very college, where this devastation
occurred.
Mr. GOODRICH. I call the attention of
the gentleman to the fact that it is stated
in the report that at the time this devasta-
tion occurred the college was wholly unoccu-
pied.
Mr. HAWLEY. I am obliged for the cor-
rection. It is stated that at.this very time the
college was wholly unoccupied. I state the
fact correctly when I say that on this very day
the rebels had in force driven our troops out
of the town of Williamsburg and out of the
college, and it was our troops, following on the
heels of the retreating rebels as they drove
them back through the town, who burned the
college buildings. Now, if that was not an act
of war, I wish to have any one tell me what it
was. It was a part of the same fight on that
same day; and yet they talk about our being in
possession of thisground. While it was as they
say within our occupancy, upon this very day,
a battle was raging in that very town of Wil-
liamsburg, and this college was destroyed as a
result of the contest there going on. Now, if
this be peaceful occupancy of territory, if this
was a part of the country that was within our
lines and which was peaceful, I would like to
have the gentlemen who support this bill tell
me where the war was raging.
It did not look to us in Illinois like peace,
when in 1862 these occurrences were taking
place. I remember very well that we were
every day looking in the papers to see if Wash-
ington had fallen. While we were reading
the daily report that "all was quiet on the
Potomac," or "another great battle on the
peninsula," we were constantly laboring un-
der the greatest fear that the vast rebel armies
occupying Virginia at that time would invade
even the capital itself. Talk about peaceful
possession! Sir, the report itself admits tbat~
it was tue theater of war, and great battles
were fought on that ground ; and that was in
the second year of the war. I do not know
where the gentlemen of that committee would
go to find war, or where it existed in greater
power and force than along the Potomac and
upon the peninsula in 1861 and 1862.
Sir, the case against this bill is as strong a
case as can be made. And yet the friends of
the bill claim that it ought to pass because
William and Mary college is a sacred spot;
because Virginia and this college have given
so many great men to the country; because it
has done so much in that way, therefore, .as a
gratuity, as a bounty, as a gift, this nation
should hurry forward and give $65,000 in its
generosity to this college to rebuild the portion
that was destroyed under these circumstances.
Sir, the case has not a single peg to hang upon ;
it has nothing to rest upon that ought to sus-
tain it in the estimation of enlightened men.
It has nothing which can sustain it in the esti-
mation of'the loyal people of this country. I
do not believe the loyal people of this coun-
try will sustain a Congress that will give
§65,000, or any other sum, under such circum-
stances as these. This case has no merit; it
claims none, except that it was once a famous
institution of learning, that once great men
came forth from its halls.
I will refrain from mentioning the men who
have lately come forth from this institution.
I will simply state that in the late war many
of them were leaders in the rebel army. It is
a fact well known to the country that many
of the leading men of the South ware men who
came from that college, men who were there
indoctrinated with the doctrines of secession
and treason. Even when the war broke out,
at that very time its president, its professors,
and its students went forth to fight in the rebel
army.
1 have taken this opportunity to address the
House upon this subject because it was the
only one offered me; I could have no other.
I would have been glad to address the House
at an earlier day. It has been my purpose
from the beginning to oppose this bill, because
I thought I saw in it the forerunner of an end-
less line of claims to be presented to Congress.
I hope the condemnation of this House will be
placed upon it.
