1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3733
I am willing to take any responsibility so far
as my vote goes in defeating amnesty if I think
my duty requires it. I am already on the
record on that point. Much as I desire am-
nesty, I do not desire it by voting for the civil
rights bill.
Mr. LOGAN. No one asks you to do that.
Mr. STEVENSON. I understand no man
asks me to vote for it, because I have already
announced that I never would vote for it. If
amnesty perished forty thousand times I never
would do it, simply because I do not believe
the bill is con'stitutional, aud I could not
therefore vote for it. Taking up the bill is a
different thing. I do not wish to interfere
with that; but if the civil rights bill is taken
up when I have got the power to prevent its
being taken up, then I want to know when
the House amnesty bill which has passed the
House shall pass the Senate. On that subject
nobody can enlighteu me. I have got to take
the chances, aud it may be that when the
civil rights bill is taken up and passed, only
the shadow of an amnesty bill will be taken
up which may or may not pass. It is not
within the power of the Senate, and I do not
question the good faith of the Senate; but if
you pass the Senate bill it is then within the
discretion of a body which we cannot control.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Has not the Senate done
its duty? You cannot say we shall be to
blame in that case.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The honorable
Senator from Kentucky will see that he has
got to take no more risk now than he has
whenever the question comes up, and now he
does have an opportunity of voting on the bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky that this point ought to be
considered. It has been perfectly manifest
for the last three months that we never can
get a vote on amnesty square in this Chamber
until we dispose of the civil rights bill. We
may higgle as much as we please about taking
this order of business that is suggested 
Mr. BAYARD. Who prevents the vote
being taken, let me ask the honorable Senator?
What prevents it ?
Mr. SAWYER. We must take facts as they
are. We know the amnesty bill will not be
reached until we have had a square vote on
the civil rights bill, no matter whose fault it is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
make a suggestion, that we take up the civil
rights bill and vote upon it without debate or
any amendment, and that the understanding
shall be that no other business shall be done
until we take tip the amnesty bill and vote
upon that without debate.
Mr. STEVENSON. The House amnesty
bill?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No; the
Senate amnesty bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on taking up Senate bill No. 99.
Mr. CASSERLY, Let the title of that bill
be read.
The Chief Clerk. A bill (S. No. 99) sup-
plementary to an act entitled "An act to pro-
tect all citizens of the United States in their
civil rights, and to furnish the means for their
vindication," passed April 9, 1866.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 will ask what was the
motion before the Chair when the motion just
made was made?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
before the-Senate is to take up this bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. What was the question
pending? There was a question pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was
the pending motion. The Senator rose and
made a remark in relation to the reading of
the bill, and the Chair observed that if the
Senator insisted on the bill being read, objec-
tion being made by the Senator from New
York, the Chair would submit that question
to the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then the question still
is on taking up that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on taking up that bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. Upon that I wish to say
a few words.
The Senator from New York gave a defi-
nition of filibustering. In his idea filibuster-
ing was factious conduct on the part of a
minority against the will of a majority. The
Senator did not undertake to define the con-
duct of a majority in undertaking at six
o'clock in the morning, after a session of the
Senate extending from eleven o'clock the day
before, and after the only bill had been dis-
posed of that was ever thought of for that
session—I say he did not undertake to define
or to give a name to the conduct of a majority
insisting upon taking up another bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to make a remark?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I insist the Senator
should state the proposition in this way: the
question is, what appellation should be applied
to the disposition of the majority to gratity the
minority?
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no objection to
accepting the suggestion of the Senator. I will
think it over, and let him know the result
before we get through this debate.
The Senator from New York didnotgive any
appellation—I thank the Senator from Wis-
consin for that word—for the oppressive con-
duct of the majority, as I have stated, as I
regard it to be. Filibustering has at least the
merit of courageous resistance on the part of
a minority to what they regard as an attempt
under the forms of parliamentary proceeding
to deprive the minority of its rights. What
name should be given to the action of the
majority in undertaking to inflict punishment
upon the minority by mere force of numbers,
for standing in good faith upon their clear
rights, I leave to the Senate to determine. It
would want one clement that does honorably
distinguish what the Senator has described as
filibustering on the part of the minority.
The Senator from New York also said, in his
most emphatic maimer, that he wanted the
country to see who they were who, by objec-
tions and otherwise, stood in the way of the
passage of an amnesty bill. He went on to
say—and I heard him with surprise—that am-
nesty is now before the Senate. How is it
before the Senate? In what way? In what
stage? A bill is only before the Senate on a
motion to take up, or after it is taken up. Is
amnesty in either of these stages? Why, sir,
if amnesty is before the Senate, let us discuss
it. That we cannot discuss it proves that it
is not before the Senate. There is another
motion of that kind in regard to another bill
that has priority, and we cannot make that
motion. Therefore it is not before the Senate.
There is nobody standing in the way of amnesty,
except the majority who declare and avow here
their determination that amnesty shall not
pass until something else is passed before it.
They are the men who stand in the way of
amnesty, and who, if they can be judged of by
their actions, are determined it shall not pass,
whatever other bills pass. I do not doubt the
good faith of the declarations made here and
there ; but when these declarations come to
be sifted they will be found, most of them, not
to come to the point.
Mr. CARPENTER. _ If the Senator will
allow me to interrupt him, he is a practical
man and wants to accomplish practical results.
Here are two measures, both of which the
Senate desire to pass; one of which he de-
sires to pass. Now a motion has been made
to take up the first, which he is opposed to,
and which the Senate is in favor of. Now, he
says that if he could only vote to take up am-
nesty he would do it. If the minority of the
Senate cannot trust the honor of the majority,
they have no right to ask the majority to trust
the honor of the minority. Let me put this
practical question to my friend from Califor-
nia: is he not satisfied from the assurances
that have been given to him by Senators here
this morning that at least amnesty stands a
better chance this morning than it ever did
before?
Mr. POMEROY. Or ever will again.
Mr-. CARPENTER. Or ever will again.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I have
not yet heard one definite proposition that
looked to me like affording a reasonable guar-
antee for the passage of such an amnesty bill
as I would be willing to vote for. I am in
favor of amnesty. Everybody knows that. I
am not in favor of the civil rights bill. I deem
it to be grossly and wantonly unconstitutional
in many of its leading provisions. I say "wan-
tonly " because it is unnecessarily so. I was
so much opposed to it that I was willing the
other day to vote down the amnesty bill rather
than be compelled to violate my conscientious
sense of duty to the Constitution. I am will-
ing to do the same thing over again, and
to do it ten times a day while we sit here if
necessary. I am like the Senator from
Kentucky  
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a question of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator fromVermont will state his pointof order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely suggest to my
friend from California that he is now debating
the merits of the civil rights bill, which is aot
fair, as we cannot reply.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator is right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will withdraw that on
reflection. I believe I was speaking on the
merits of the civil rights bill, and not with
reference to the question of taking up, but
with reference to an entirely different view.
I say there has been no proposition here
which affords to me a reasonable guarantee of
any amnesty bill that I should be willing to
vote for. 1 think that an amnesty for which
the minority here would not be willing to vote
would not be an amnesty bill. On the con-
trary it would be a misnomer; it would be a
bill of farther irritation, of further oppression.
Of course I do not doubt the good faith of
what gentlemen say ; but every Senator speaks
for himself, and as was justly remarked awhile
ago, the Senate is governed by its votes, and
unless two thirds shall vote in favor of the
amnesty bill what avail is there in the promises
or declarations of Senators? None whatever.
I repeat I do not impeach their good faith; I
do not impeach their intentions; but after all
the power which is to decide the fate of amnesty
in this body is a power entirely independent
of the declarations and even the strongest and
most earnest purpose of Senators. I hope the
Senate will understand me, that while I have
not the slighest doubt of the good faith of
Senators who have given assurances, yet I
have not seen any explicit proposition or as-
surance, and in the next place I do not know
that any Senator has any right or indeed has
the power to make any. Nobody claims it.
Mr. NORWOOD. The few remarks of the
Senator from New York to the Senator from
Missouri make it, in my judgment, necessary
for me to submit a few words in reply.
The Senator from New York seeks to put
the members on this side of the Chamber, the
Democrats, in the position of having amnesty
tendered to them and refusing to take it. He
says, " Here is amnesty; you can take it now ;
we tender it to you and in thart way he puts
the impression upon the country that we who
are the professed friends of amnesty refuse to
take it. But, sir, how is it offered to us? Jt
is coupled with civil rights. It has never beeu
tendered to us as a separate, distinct propo-
sition, and it is not now.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the Senator allow me
to make a suggestion to him ?
Mr. NORWOOD. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. I think the Senator is mis-
